YouTube has been blocked in Turkey following the latest leak of a recording of a key high-level security meeting on Syria.
The development came after an Ankara court temporarily suspended a Turkish government agency's decisions to block access to Twitter.
Erdoğan previously said the country could also block Facebook and Twitter.
Another recording revealing Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's involvement in the leak of a 2010 sex tape was released earlier this week.
Google Inc, which owns YouTube, had just announced that it would not remove a previously uploaded video in which Erdoğan tells his son to hide money from investigators.
Turkey's Prime Minister has said the recordings, which have been viewed a million of times on YouTube, are part of a foreign plot to topple his government.
Turkish telecoms authority (TIB) says has taken 'administrative measure' against YouTube in Turkey.
In the leaked video, Turkey's intelligence chief Hakan Fidan is discussing with Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, Deputy Chief of Staff Yasar Guler and other officials a possible operation in Syria to secure the tomb of Suleyman Shah, grandfather of the founder of the Ottoman empire.
Ankara regards the tomb as sovereign Turkish territory under a treaty signed with France in 1921, when Syria was under French rule.
Turkish Foreign Ministry said the leaked recording of top officials discussing Syria operation was "partially manipulated" and is a "wretched attack" on national security.
YouTube was banned sporadically in Turkey between 2007 and 2010 because it had refused to remove videos that were said to be insulting to the founder of modern Turkey, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk.
MORE TO FOLLOW...
The State Department is responding to media inquiries and reports claiming Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has withheld funding for the Global Engagement Center, tasked with the nebulous job of countering terrorist propaganda online.
“Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is resisting the pleas of State Department officials to spend nearly $80 million allocated by Congress for fighting terrorist propaganda and Russian disinformation,” Politico reported on Wednesday.
“It is highly unusual for a Cabinet secretary to turn down money for his department,” Politico reported. “But more than five months into his tenure, Tillerson has not issued a simple request for the money earmarked for the State Department's Global Engagement Center, $60 million of which is now parked at the Pentagon.”
“Another $19.8 million sits untouched at the State Department as Tillerson's aides reject calls from career diplomats and members of Congress to put the money to work against America's adversaries,” Politico reported.
The State Department told Breitbart News that the center is continuing its work and is well-funded.
“The Global Engagement Center continues to execute its mission,” a State Department spokesperson said. “There is a process underway to ensure any future funding or programs account for the most appropriate tactics and strategy—especially in countering propaganda from countries such as Russia that have minimal protections for free speech or the media.”
“The Global Engagement Center is already funded in FY 2017 with $16.3 million,” the spokesperson said.
At the daily press briefing at the State Department on Thursday, a reporter asked Spokeswoman Heather Nauert about the Politico report, suggesting that Tillerson's motive might be to appease Russia.
“So I have seen that report,” Nauert said. “I want you to know I was just over at the Global Engagement Center a short while ago, and the place is busy.”
“It's buzzing, people packed in their cubicles working on anti-ISIS propaganda—to counter ISIS propaganda, that is,” Nauert said. “Russia is also an area of interest to them as well.”
“So their work is well underway; their people are busy,” Nauert said. “I met with the head of their program a couple weeks ago to talk about these two very issues.”
“That has not changed,” Nauert said. “They are still operating, hard at work.”
Nauert said Tillerson is a “businessman” who wants money spent “effectively,” but the program is not being eliminated.
Under President Obama, the Global Engagement Center launched a Twitter program called “Think Again, Turn Away” in which State Department employees attempted to shame jihadist propagandists online. At the time, Rita Katz, the head of the SITE Intelligence Group, wrote that the program was “embarrassing” and “counterproductive,” citing the time that the “Think Again, Turn Away” account spent arguing with well-known Twitter jihadists.
On YouTube, the Global Engagement Center attempted to respond to jihadist propaganda by publishing videos depicting the horrors facing an ISIS jihadist who leaves the West with an overly optimistic picture of what jihad will be like.
In January 2016, the Obama Administration was engaged in trying to fix what was described as “a faltering effort.”
“The Obama administration is overhauling its faltering efforts to combat the online propaganda of the Islamic State and other terrorist groups, U.S. officials said, reflecting rising White House frustration with largely ineffective efforts so far to cut into ISIS's use of social media to draw recruits and incite attacks,” the Washington Post reported at the time.
“Officials will create a counter­­terrorism task force, which will be based at the Department of Homeland Security but aims to enlist dozens of federal and local agencies,” the Post reported. “Other moves include revamping a State Department program that was created to serve as an information war room to challenge the Islamic State online and erode its appeal.”
“U.S. officials said the unit at the State Department will turn its focus toward helping allies craft more localized anti-terrorism messages and will stop producing any videos or other material in English—ending a campaign that had been derided by critics,” the Post recorded.
According to its website:
The Center plays a key role in countering ISIL's messaging. Designed to be an agile, innovative organization, the Center uses modern, cutting-edge technology and takes advantage of the best talent and tools throughout the private sector and government.
The Global Engagement Center replaced the Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications. The new strategy seeks to be more effective in the information space and is focused on partner-driven messaging and data analytics.
Currently, the Global Engagement Center remains active on Twitter, posting updates on U.S. efforts in the Middle East:
The Kinks' Ray Davies Teams Up With The Jayhawks On 'Poetry' Hear The First Single From His New Album, 'Americana'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Steve Gullick/Courtesy of the Artist Steve Gullick/Courtesy of the Artist
For more than 50 years, the recently knighted Sir Raymond Douglas Davies, CBE, has been fascinated with American music and American culture. In the early 1960s, he and his brother Dave formed The Kinks to play Little Richard songs and original tunes steeped in rock 'n' roll. All these years later, Ray Davies is still making music and still fascinated with our culture, although the new song that we're premiering for you today, recorded with The Jayhawks, looks at a sadder, less soul-filled America.
"Poetry" is the first glimpse of his next album, Americana, his first record in nearly a decade. Where Ray Davies was once enchanted by the black hills of Kentucky, this song looks at America's fascination with materialism. He sings:
"I kneel down and say grace for the comforts the world bestows on me / And the great corporations providing our every need / And those big neon signs telling us what to eat / And every shop window goods are designed to please / Oh but I ask / Where is the poetry?"
Americana the album draws inspiration from Americana the memoir, which included thoughts on The Kinks' ban from America in the '60s and Ray's move to the U.S. later in life. The album also contains a number of spoken-word passages from Davies' autobiography.
It's a thrill to have new songs from Ray Davies, who for the past five decades has been one of rock's great song painters, making music with heart and poetry.
Americana will be released April 21. The tracklist can be viewed below.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the Artist Courtesy of the Artist
Ray Davies, Americana
Now playing: Watch this: Joseph Gordon-Levitt says he wants Snowden pardoned
Enlarge Image Jason Seiler
Sure, Edward Snowden may have broken the law. But morally and ethically, he did the right thing, he told the Guardian in an interview published Tuesday.
Snowden drew international attention to internet privacy and security issues when he handed over documents to journalists three years ago that detailed secret government surveillance programs. Snowden told the Guardian his actions encouraged others to speak out against government overreach. What's more, he says he didn't hurt anyone.
Situations like Snowden's are the reason the pardon power exists, he went on to say, "for the things that may seem unlawful in letters on a page but when we look at them morally, when we look at them ethically, when we look at the results, it seems these were necessary things, these were vital things."
His remarks come three days before a Hollywood movie based on his life and disclosures is set to debut. Oliver Stone's "Snowden" takes a dramatic and sympathetic look at the revelations and their aftermath, showing Snowden's transformation from a pro-government CIA analyst to a dissenter with patriotic motivations.
President Barack Obama has shown no signs of intending to pardon Snowden, whom he has declined to call a patriot and criticized for setting a bad example for other intelligence workers. Not everyone in government appears to agree with him, however. Former Attorney General Eric Holder said in May that Snowden performed a "public service."
At a press briefing Monday, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said the president still believes Snowden should return to the US to face his charges.
"With regard to the impact that he has had on the broader debate, the fact is the manner in which Mr. Snowden chose to disclose this information damaged the United States, harmed our national security, and put the American people at greater risk," Earnest said.
Stone spoke critically of the charges against Snowden in a statement ahead of the movie's release. "Can he be given a fair trial in the United States? One doubts that, given the charges Mr. Obama and the Justice Department have leveled against him and seven others under the Espionage Act," Stone said. "It's a dangerous precedent for our country."
Though in a self-imposed exile from the US, Snowden still has an outsized influence on public discussion of privacy and surveillance, Stone told CNET in a Q&A.
"[Snowden is] very involved in reforming the internet," Stone said. "He's the one who's strongly endorsed encryption. The corporations which were formerly collaborating with the government changed their policies, and they went after the idea that they would sell encryption to their customers."
Joseph Gordon-Levitt says he wants Snowden pardoned Your browser does not support the audio element.
By Keith Mansur
Oregon Cannabis Connection
In a rare bipartisan moment, two Democrats and two Republican Congressmen held a Facebook live event to discuss marijuana policy on capitol hill. Democratic Representatives, Earl Blumenauer of Oregon and Beto O'Rourke of Texas were joined by Republican Representatives Justin Amash of Michigan and Tom Garrett Jr. of Virginia in a brief but important discussing surrounding marijuana policy in the United States.
They discussed federal provisions protecting states, bi-partisan efforts in the house, and a number of other subjects during the 30 minute live broadcast, and they also took questions from a few of those participating online. The event was hosted by Jax Finkel, Executive Director of Texas NORML and it was held in Congressman O'Rourke's office in the Cannon House Office Building in Washington D.C.
Of the four participating in the event, only Rep. Blumenauer is from a legal cannabis adult-use state. Rep. Amash represents Michigan, which has allowed medical cannabis since 2008, and Rep. Garrett is from Virginia where they are just starting to implement a hyper-restrictive medical cannabis system. Of course Texas is a prohibition state with no provision for either medical or adult-use cannabis.
All four are supportive of medical marijuana and adult use. Their discussion touched on a number of important topics including personal experiences with pharmacists in regards to their positions on legalization and regulation of cannabis. Beto O'Rourke spoke of a pharmacist that originally voiced his disapproval with his marijuana policy stance, explaining:
“I had a similar experience [as Rep. Garrett] with a pharmacist in El Paso who was mortified that I had proposed ending the prohibition on marijuana, and said that's a reckless policy idea. And then, had a experience in his life where his wife's mother was at the end of her life and battling the cancer and they had prescribed everything for her cancer and her pain … and, it wasn't until a family member had procured marijuana for her, which is against the law in Texas, but all of the sudden she began to eat again, she was happier, and she was able to spend those last weeks of her life enjoying her life and her family. He said that converted him.”
Watch the entire video below.
© 2017 Oregon Cannabis Connection. All rights reserved.
Last week, in her testimony before the House judiciary committee, Monica Goodling referred several times to “vote caging” possibly done by Arkansas'soon to be ex-interim, never-confirmed U.S. Attorney Tim Griffin. Yet Goodling was questioned about this almost not at all, nor did the media do much more than report the words of the former liaison between the White House and Alberto Gonzales (why a “liaison” is required between two institutions with no boundaries between them is incomprehensible, but perhaps another story). Meanwhile, liberal talk radio, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and the blogosphere went nuts. So, which is it: Is vote caging the most underreported part of this U.S. attorneys scandal or the most over-hyped?
One of the reasons the mainstream news reports (including mine) barely touched the vote-caging story was that nobody had any idea what Goodling was talking about. “Vote caging, what's that?” we e-mailed each other at Slate. The confusion seemed to extend to Goodling herself. The subject came up in her testimony about former Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty. In saying he had not been forthright with the House judiciary committee in his testimony on the firing of the U.S. attorneys, she cited three areas, one of which was McNulty's failure “to disclose that he had some knowledge of allegations that Tim Griffin had been involved in ‘vote caging' in the president's 2004 campaign,” when he spoke to Congress.
Rep. Linda Sanchez, D-Calif., asked Goodling to “explain what caging is,” clarifying that she was unfamiliar with the term. Goodling fumbled around, muttered something about, “it's a direct-mail term, that people who do direct mail, when, when they separate addresses that may be good versus addresses that may be bad,” then made sure to end with, “I don't … I believe that Mr. Griffin doesn't believe that he, that he did anything wrong there and there, there actually is a very good reason for it, for a very good explanation.” Which explanation Goodling did not then provide.
To recap, Goodling told the judiciary committee that: 1) Griffin was possibly involved in caging; 2) he doesn't believe he did anything wrong (she is less certain, it seems); and 3) McNulty lied under oath when he downplayed his knowledge of these allegations to the committee.
That would suggest that vote caging is a big deal. Is it?
Vote caging is an illegal trick to suppress minority voters (who tend to vote Democrat) by getting them knocked off the voter rolls if they fail to answer registered mail sent to homes they aren't living at (because they are, say, at college or at war). The Republican National Committee reportedly stopped the practice following a consent decree in a 1986 case. Google the term and you'll quickly arrive at the Wizard of Oz of caging, Greg Palast, investigative reporter and author of the wickedly funny Armed Madhouse: From Baghdad to New Orleans—Sordid Secrets and Strange Tales of a White House Gone Wild. Palast started reporting allegations of Republican vote caging for the BBC's Newsnight in 2004. He's been almost alone on the story since then. Palast contends, both in Armed Madhouse and widely through the liberal blogosphere, that vote caging, an illegal voter-suppression scheme, happened in Florida in 2004 this way:
The Bush-Cheney operatives sent hundreds of thousands of letters marked “Do not forward” to voters' homes. Letters returned (“caged”) were used as evidence to block these voters' right to cast a ballot on grounds they were registered at phony addresses. Who were the evil fakers? Homeless men, students on vacation and—you got to love this—American soldiers. Oh yeah: most of them are Black voters.Why weren't these African-American voters home when the Republican letters arrived? The homeless men were on park benches, the students were on vacation—and the soldiers were overseas.
Palast supplies evidence linking Tim Griffin, then-research director for the RNC, to this caging plot; specifically, a series of confidential e-mails to Republican Party muckety-mucks with the suggestive heading “RE: caging.” The e-mails were accidentally sent to a George Bush parody site. They also contained suggestively named spreadsheets, headed “caging” as well. The names on the lists are what Palast's researchers deemed to be homeless men and soldiers deployed in Iraq. Here are the e-mails.
As Palast points out—and Griffin himself has observed—the American media barely touched this story, and Griffin has yet to explain the e-mails or the lists. He did tell The New Yorker's Jane Mayer last March that “caging is not a derogatory term. … [I]t's a direct-mail term. It derives from caging categories of mail in steel shelves and files.” Still, that hardly explains why he was allegedly caging only transient African-American voters in those shelves or files, which would likely violate the Voting Rights Act.
Palast is surely not above overstatement. He is one of many who have repeated the claim that, “In an Aug. 24 e-mail, the Justice Department's Monica Goodling wrote to Sampson, that Griffin's nomination would face opposition in Congress because he was involved ‘in massive Republican projects in Florida and elsewhere by which Republicans challenged tens of thousand of absentee votes. Coincidentally, many of those challenged votes were in black precincts.' ” Goodling wrote no such thing. That quote is from an article circulated by Goodling on Aug. 24. It's an unfair smear of both Griffin and Goodling (both of whom have proven amply capable of smearing themselves).
Still, Palast's vote-caging claims are hardly unbelievable. Republicans have been systematically trying to suppress minority votes for decades, most recently calling it pushback for rampant liberal voter fraud. Our own former Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist was alleged to have mastered the art. And while bouncing voters from the rolls on the basis of their race violates federal law, it's not beyond imagining that eager young “loyal Bushies” aren't all that bothered by federal laws, especially if there's a way to bend rather than overtly break them.
From the point of view of the ongoing DoJ scandal, perhaps what's most urgent about the vote-caging claims is that they go a long, long way toward explaining why Karl Rove and Harriet Miers were so determined to get Griffin seated in the Arkansas U.S. Attorney's office, and to do so without a confirmation hearing. If, as the Justice Department has continued to insist, Griffin was eminently qualified for the position, why did he need to be spared the hearing at all costs? And once it became clear that he would undergo a hearing, why did Griffin sideline himself with the colorful observation that undergoing Senate confirmation would be “like volunteering to stand in front of a firing squad in the middle of a three-ring circus?” Griffin—who is now in job talks with the Fred Thompson campaign—sure looks like a guy hiding something, and if vote caging is that something, it becomes even more interesting that the White House was pushing him forward.
Why did Goodling choose to shine a beacon on the vote-caging allegations in her perfectly rehearsed, highly coached testimony last week? Having slaved to secure Griffin's U.S. attorney post, why raise the allegations against him and then subtly distance herself from him, if there is nothing to see here? Professor Rick Hasen of Loyola Law School, who wrote earlier this month about voter fraud, is my personal voting-law guru. (Everyone needs one.) When I asked him whether the mainstream media were making a mistake in blowing off the vote-caging story, he said Goodling's mention of it “makes me suspect that there's something there worth investigating by the MSM, even if you don't buy into the grand conspiracy theories.”
If the media have fallen down on this story, how much more so has Congress? Nobody tried to press Goodling about what McNulty allegedly knew and withheld from Congress in regard to Griffin's alleged vote-caging schemes. I'd be interested in the answer. I'd also like to hear what Griffin himself has to say about those lists the BBC has. If the RNC was paying good money to send registered mail to homeless black men in Florida, there must have been a reason for it. Griffin, after all, has left his Arkansas post and is looking for work. (Tim, if Sen. Thompson is a no-go, I need a babysitter next Saturday!) I bet he'd like nothing better than to clear his name and remove the taint of voter suppression from his résumé.
I'd also like to hear from Karl and Harriet about why Griffin's elevation to the Arkansas job was so important, yet his confirmation so fraught. If Palast is right, Griffin and vote caging open the door to explaining the White House involvement in the U.S. attorneys purge. And the White House—not the Justice Department—has always been the least-understood part of this story. So, let's bake up some of those warm, crusty subpoenas. Last week was the first time most of us heard about vote caging. It shouldn't be the last.
Federal Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr assured Albertans on Monday that he recognizes the importance of building oil pipelines to new export markets, although analysts question how much additional capacity is needed as depressed prices result in lower forecasts for oil-sands production.
Meeting at a retreat in Kananaskis, Alta., Liberal cabinet ministers were told by Alberta Premier Rachel Notley that it is urgent that the federal government approve proposed pipelines in order to provide confidence for the industry and access to international pricing for her province's principal export.
Mr. Carr said the Premier was "very effective" at making her case. "She has an argument and a story to tell and ministers were very keen to hear it," he told reporters. Asked what the cabinet ministers learned, he said: "That Alberta is going through a tough time, [that] access to market is important."
Story continues below advertisement
He said the Liberals have long agreed, but critics say the government needs to be more direct in its support and ensure the approvals process does not drag on.
The National Energy Board gave the nod on Monday to Enbridge Inc.'s $7.8-billion overhaul of its aging mainline into the United States, although the company faces stiff opposition in states through which it crosses. The project would add export capacity into the American market, including the heavy-oil refining hub on the Gulf Coast. The federal cabinet will provide a final decision on it this fall.
Enbridge is also the proponent, with some oil company partners, of the Northern Gateway project, which would carry 500,000 barrels a day of oil-sands crude from Alberta to Kitimat, B.C., for export to Pacific markets.
The former Conservative government approved Gateway, but with more than 200 conditions, which the company is still trying to meet. It also faces implacable opposition from coastal First Nations and a proposed federal ban on tanker traffic, to which Transport Minister Marc Garneau recommitted on Monday.
Mr. Carr said he expects the government to decide on Kinder Morgan Canada's proposed expansion of its Trans Mountain pipeline, which would add roughly 600,000 barrels a day of capacity to a line that ends at Vancouver Harbour. The mayors of Vancouver and Burnaby, B.C. – along with local First Nations – oppose the proposal.
As well, TransCanada Corp. is planning the $15-billion Energy East project – although it has yet to finalize its application to the National Energy Board. It would deliver crude to eastern Canadian refineries and a Saint John export terminal, and has broad support from Canadian politicians. Most recently, former prime minister Brian Mulroney added his backing.
All told, the proposals would add more than two million barrels a day of pipeline capacity. But that would require substantial new investment in the oil sands to fill those pipelines – investment that is not certain to flow if prices stay too low for long.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Alberta government argues that the lack of access to international markets has forced the province to accept a steep discount on its crude, although economists say the industry has benefited from recent pipeline expansion in Canada and the United States, as well as the U.S. decision to allow the export of oil.
"In general, for the past couple years and today, the differentials [between Alberta and world prices] are reflecting the cost of transportation," Jackie Forrest, an analyst at ARC Financial Corp., said in an interview. "So there is no extraordinary discount at this moment. But there is still more supply coming, so if we don't get new pipeline, that changes."
After 20 months of depressed crude prices, the big question is how much new pipeline capacity is needed. During the previous era of oil prices in the range of $100 (U.S.) a barrel, analysts and industry officials assumed that any and all new capacity would be required, along with increasing oil-by-rail capacity, to move projected volumes.
Since then, companies have slashed capital spending – by 62 per cent over the past 24 months, according to the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers. It estimated output to hit 5.3 million barrels a day by 2030 – 17 per cent lower than the forecast issued in 2015. Another cut in expectations is widely anticipated this year.
Ms. Forrest said the pipelines through B.C. are the most critical. "The growth is in Asia and we can't economically access Asia," she said.
Michael Tran, oil analyst at RBC Dominion Securities Inc. in New York, said new pipeline capacity remains crucial to the industry's ability to get sufficient returns, but he agreed that those planned to run to the Pacific Coast offer the best economic returns.
Story continues below advertisement
"Any pipeline is just so paramount to the future of Canadian energy, but not all pipelines are created equal," Mr. Tran said. "The ones that run west to potentially serve such places as China or India, I think, are much more important, just given the proximity to key demand-growth regions."
----------
Kuwait plans to boost oil production to more than three million barrels a day within months, doubling output from where it stood during last week's oil-worker strike.
Output will climb to 3.15 million barrels a day by June, Haitham al-Ghais, market research manager at government-owned Kuwait Petroleum Corp., said on Monday in an interview in Abu Dhabi. That would be the OPEC member's highest level of production ever, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
A three-day strike by Kuwaiti oil workers sent crude production tumbling to 1.5 million barrels a day last week. The Oil and Petrochemical Industries Workers Confederation agreed to end the walkout after the government refused to negotiate while labour was off the job. Kuwait produced three million barrels a day before the strike, data compiled by Bloomberg show, making it the fourth-largest member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
"The strike is now done and production is back to normal," Mr. al-Ghais said. "We should reach our target of 3.15 million barrels in June," he said, referring to both output and production capacity.
Story continues below advertisement
Kuwait is targeting capacity of four million barrels a day by 2020, including 350,000 barrels a day from oil fields it shares with Saudi Arabia, he said.
Bloomberg News
SBTRKT: "Temporary View" [ft. Sampha] (Live at Maida Vale) (via SoundCloud)
SBTRKT, aka Aaron Jerome, appeared on Zane Lowe's BBC Radio 1 show this afternoon to perform a live set. He was joined by Vampire Weekend's Ezra Koenig and Sampha to perform "New Dorp New York" and "Temporary View", respectively. Warpaint also showed up to perform a new one called "War Drums". All of these songs appear on the forthcoming Wonder Where We Land LP*.* Listen to it here. The performance starts around the one-and-a-half minute mark. Update: SBTRKT has shared tracks from the session on SoundCloud—listen above and below.
SBTRKT: "War Drums" (Live at Maida Vale) (via SoundCloud)
SBTRKT: "New Dorp New York" [ft. Ezra Koenig] (Live at Maida Vale) (via SoundCloud)
SBTRKT: "Highs & Lows" (Live at Maida Vale) (via SoundCloud)
Here's the studio version of "New Dorp New York":
With nothing left for this Phillies team to play for except the slim hope of a record above .500, I figured tonight would be a good night to eulogize the remnants of the season.
It wasn't hopeful, this 2012 season. Even from the very beginning, before opening day even, there was a palpable sense of dread surrounding the team that would continue to rear its head as the season dragged on. It began, of course, with the humiliating exit from the NLDS by a score of 1-0, capped off with Ryan Howard crumpling into a heap along the first baseline while the St. Louis Cardinals swarmed the mound in celebration, eventually taking home the World Series. And it finally, mercifully ended just two nights ago, with the Phillies lineup being flummoxed by Mark Buehrle of the Marlins to the tune of 2-1 to put our postseason dreams to rest for good. It was a sobering thought, no meaningful October baseball for the first time in five years. But at the same time, it wasn't all that surprising, considering the path it took to get us there.
This team was living on borrowed time from the start. As me and Ryan's bold offseason predictions (“Howard will be back by the end of May! Then we'll go on a tear!”, “We can notch 95 wins easily!”, etc.) slowly gave way to reality as the season approached, I came to realize just how much more difficult 2012 was going to be compared to seasons past. Then the news about Utley hit, and all of a sudden, before the season had even begun, we were declared dead in the water. Mikey Miss and all the rest loudly proclaimed that it simply couldn't be done this year. We'd opened too large a hole.
I said bullshit to all that. This was the Phillies we were talking about, the one team you never count out until they're officially down. But surely enough, with each passing loss, with every blown bullpen save, every extra-inning defeat, every shiftlessly inept offensive performance, the voice of doubt in the back of my head started to grow. “They can't make it this year.” “You know it's over.” “The dynasty is over before it even began.” And so on and so forth. By the end of June, the little voice of doubt had become an all-consuming chorus, and the negativity was being felt by every Phils fan I knew. Even the other diehards were counting them out now, but I couldn't just give up. Not after all we've been through. And then, just in the midst of our darkest hour, a strange thing started happening. We started winning again.
Utley and Howard came back with surprisingly little fanfare compared to how I expected their return to be in April. Didn't matter though. They were there, in the lineup once again, ready to right the sinking ship and get us back to our winning ways. And we did, though not directly from them taking the field again. The whole team was playing better overall after the All-Star Break and into August and September – Like the Phillies of old, back to their normal selves. Gone at last were the Bizarro-Phils of May/June 2012. At our season's best, we were 3 games back from the Cardinals, who held the second Wild Card spot in a very flimsy clutch. The Dodgers and Pirates were rendered impotent, and all we had to do was just keep winning and hope for the best. Sadly, we all knew how it ended. Three of four dropped to the dreadful Houston Astros at a critical point, just as the Cardinals got back on their feet. It was 2005 all over again. And as our impossible grasp at postseason play ended with a whimper the other night in Miami, the word that best comes to mind describing it all? Relief.
In other words, we can finally do what we've all wanted to do since May, and put this godforsaken, snakebit, shattered season behind us. Keep our heads up and our eyes firmly locked on 2013, and better prospects within. We've got six more years of Hamels to look forward to. Darin Ruf looks very nice. Domonic Brown is finally getting the chance he deserves. Cliff Lee, after a bizarre start to the season, has locked himself right back in. Halladay and Worley can hopefully get their issues taken care of in the offseason too. We'll most likely be able to start 2013 with Utley and Howard right out of the gate. Carlos Ruiz is still a formidable beast behind the plate. Ruben's gonna make a move, hopefully for literally anyone other than Michael Bourn. And finally, with grace to every possible deity (Baseba'al included), hopefully the 2012 Nationals season was just lightning in a bottle.
In spite of all of this, though, 2012 wasn't a complete loss. I'll never forget the night. July 24th, 2012. Ryan and I were coming home from Six Flags, and we were gonna turn on the Phillies game. (Bear in mind that this game came just two hours or so after we both found out that Shea Weber had been given an offer sheet by Nashville, ensuring that he had no chance of going to the Flyers in an offseason when we needed some upgrades badly.) As we were getting back to the car, he checks the score on his phone. 6-1 Brewers, Cliff Lee gave up a homer to Zack Greinke of all people, and it didn't look too good for Philly sports that night. We scored four runs off of Francisco Rodriguez the night before to win it on a walk-off, but I kept thinking, “there's no way that it could happen again, right? We'd need six runs to win now. Surely they won't blow it again, right?”
Six runs later in the bottom of the eighth, I found myself wondering why I ever had a shred of doubt in the first place. Kratz hit a two-run bomb, Chooch cleared the bases (filled due to three consecutive walks) with a double, and the late Hunter Pence singled him home. Boom. Six runs. Papelbon shut down the ninth with no issue. And the car was exploding with shouts and high-fives all around. The way I was carrying on, you'd have thought they won the World Series right then and there. That night, more so than any other this season, convinced me that even through the doom and gloom of a self-proclaimed “broken season”, there's still moments like those that make the team, and the game itself, worth tuning in to.
In the end, the Phillies will still be there at the end of the day. Sure, they might be a little older, the pitching spread a little thinner, our divisional rivals might be leagues better than they once were when we beat on them every series we could. But in the end it's still the team I fell in love with as a kid, and the team I'll continue to support into 2013, into New York City, and into years and places well beyond.
What's left to say? Let's go Phillies. Now and forever.
Advertisements
A massive sea turtle caught in fishing gear off the coast of New Jersey was freed by a team of rescuers this weekend.
A good Samaritan on a recreational fishing boat spotted the entangled, leatherback turtle offshore on Saturday and reported it to the Coast Guard, which then led an effort to rescue the approximately 800-pound animal.
A crew from the Coast Guard's Atlantic City station took a member of the Marine Mammal Stranding Center in Brigantine to a 45-foot response boat located near Corson's Inlet. A crew from the Coast Guard's Cape May station operated the boat.
The rescue team used GPS coordinates provided by the Good Samaritan to find the leatherback turtle, which is one of the largest living reptiles, about 30 miles off the coast of southern New Jersey.
Petty Officer 2nd Class Nick Giannaris, who removed the fishing gear from the turtle, said it was one of his better experiences in the Coast Guard, "just seeing the animal so close and helping marine life. Everyone was pretty energized about the whole experience."
(Newser) – If you're wondering where all your money has gone, odds are a millionaire added it to his or her pile. Although millionaires make up just 0.9% of the world's population, they control 39% of its wealth—up 2% since 2009—according to a report by Boston Consulting Group. Their collective wealth has risen from $41.8 trillion to $47.4 trillion, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The number of millionaire households—those with $1 million or more in investable assets not including homes, company ownership and luxury goods—also swelled by 12.2% last year to 12.5 million. The US boasts far more millionaires than any other country with 5.2 million, followed by Japan with 1.5 million. The super-rich keep getting super-richer, too, as those with $5 million or more gained an additional 2% of the world's wealth last year, increasing their total to 22% of all the money in the world. (Read more millionaires stories.)
If you, reasonable person, believed that the City Council's unanimous vote on May 12 to deny the rezoning of the intersection of Dunn and Falls of Neuse Roads to a commercial district was going to put the kibosh on the matter, you were wrong.
That happened, but Raleigh's Planning Department has persisted in recommending commercial rezoning for those parcels of land, in spite of the Council's finding that that proposed rezoning was inconsistent with the city's 2030 Comprehensive Plan, and not in the public interest.
The City Council will vote on remapping 30 percent of the city on July 7, including most downtown and yes, the land at Dunn and Falls of Neuse to the same commercial zoning district that was denied last May.
So in response, 45 homeowners adjacent to the North Raleigh property have filed a Valid Statutory Protest Petition, a.k.a. a zoning protest petition, which, if approved, would force a super-majority vote from the City Council in order for that particular rezoning to pass on the upcoming fateful July evening.
(You may ask why the entire remapping is going to a public hearing at the same time. Surely the more logical way to proceed would be to break up the remapping sites and vote on them individually, with more specific focus given to each piece of land. It almost seems like the City wants the whole thing rammed through at once; expect a very large turnout at the public hearing.)
The group behind this latest protest petition, the North Raleigh Coalition of Homeowners Associations (NORCHOA), said in a press release that it is exploring other possible actions it could take to block this possible rezoning.
“Homeowners want to understand why the Planning Department has continued to press for remapping despite the May 12 decision not to rezone the property,” the release states. “NORCHOA wants to understand why the City Council has not, itself, taken a position regarding the remapping despite its own vote.”
As NORCHOA's leader, North Raleigh resident David Cox, has said before, they have questions and they want answers. Questions such as:
- What are the relationships between Councilors and Staff with developers and their attorneys?
- Why was the public never informed that it has the right to file VSPPs against the remapping?
- Why has it taken the City nearly six months to provide NORCHOA with information about filing VSPPs against the remapping?
- Why was the right to file VSPPs not included on the information cards that were sent to tens of thousands of citizens months ago, when the remapping process began?
- Why has the City still not provided the public details about how to file VSPPs with less than two weeks until the remapping public hearing and the filing deadline?
“With the remapping hearing less than two weeks away, Raleigh is poised for a once-in-a-lifetime rezoning of tens of thousands of properties and opening the doors to development of unprecedented size and intensity within and directly adjacent to neighborhoods,” the press release states. “The filing of a Valid Statutory Protest Petition against this remapping will, hopefully, protect one corner of the City. Regrettably, many other corners and neighborhoods will remain at significant risk.”
These “other corners and neighborhoods” include such areas in Southeast Raleigh as South Park and College Park, where proposed zoning categories are downtown mixed use (DX) and neighborhood mixed (NX). DX and NX have no height limits; this could accelerate gentrification in these historically minority, low-income communities, located right at the downtown periphery.
And in downtown itself, say, in the Warehouse district where there was once a visioning plan, zoning will be allowed up to 12 stories. If someone wanted to build a twenty-story building, for example, all he or she would need to do would be to simply file a rezoning request.
Because, hey, what's another 8 stories on top of what we planned for.
These crises convinced regulators that they needed tools for controlling risk-taking at financial institutions. Moreover, they sought international harmony among rules, so that no one country would be a weak link in the international chain of financial regulation.
The Basel agreement was a response to two financial crises of the previous decade. One was the Latin American debt crisis, in which the world's largest banks had over-extended themselves in lending to that region. The other was the savings and loan crisis, in which thrift institutions in the United States, already reeling from the impact of rising interest rates on their ability to finance their fixed-rate mortgage portfolios, proceeded to go even deeper in the hole pursuing high-yield bonds and commercial loans.
The particular regulations that Friedman and Kraus discuss are the risk-based capital rules that U.S. bank regulators implemented in line with the Basel Accords reached in 1986. They show that these rules contributed to the housing bubble and to the fragile financial mortgage financing system behind it.
A careful reader of Engineering the Financial Crisis , by Jeffrey Friedman and Wladimir Kraus, would reconsider. The book shows that regulators face the socialist calculation problem. As Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich Hayek pointed out during the socialist calculation debate, central planners lack the information that is produced by markets. By over-riding market prices and substituting their own judgment, regulators incur the same loss of information.
We tend to think of regulated markets as if they were a far cry from socialism. We think of the United States as having a free-market economy, partially “tamed” by regulation.
If federal regulators are thought to have better judgment about risk than the bankers themselves (due to the bankers' presumed moral-hazard problems), then there really is no reason to allow private banking to continue.
Other things being equal, the probability of insolvency at a bank increases with its use of financial leverage, meaning the ratio of debt (including deposits) to equity. Other things being equal, the probability of insolvency at a bank also increases with its use of operating leverage, meaning the riskiness of its assets. If regulators only limit financial leverage, then banks may offset this through increased operating leverage, and conversely. The Basel regulations were an attempt to influence both types of leverage.
Financial leverage was addressed by putting a floor under the allowable ratio of equity to total assets in banks. This ratio was set at eight percent. Operating leverage was addressed by assigning risk weights to different classes of assets. Ordinary commercial loans were given the maximum weight of one. Assets deemed safe, including gold, cash, and government bonds, were given a weight of zero. Mortgage loans secured by owner-occupied housing were given a weight of 0.5, while a weight of 0.2 was assigned to the securities of government-sponsored enterprises, such as Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae.
For example, if a bank had $100 million each of commercial loans, government bonds, mortgage loans, and Fannie Mae securities, its risk-weighted asset total was
$100 million times 1.0 +
$100 million times 0.0 +
$100 million times 0.5 +
$100 million times 0.2
= $170 million
With a capital requirement of 8 percent, this meant that the bank must have at least $13.6 million in equity, with a maximum of $386.4 million in deposits and other debt liabilities.
By assigning risk weights in this fashion, the regulators were influencing the rates of return on the different asset classes. For example, suppose that the required return on equity for a bank is 12 percent, but it pays 4 percent interest on its debt. In that case, an asset funded 8 percent by equity and 92 percent by debt will have a blended financing cost of 4.640 percent. An asset with only a 20 percent risk weight would require only 1.6 percent in equity and 98.4 percent debt, for a blended financing cost of 4.128 percent. In this example, the bank can accept a lower interest rate of about one-half of one percent on the asset that falls into the low-risk bucket, simply based on regulatory capital requirements. The larger the difference between debt and equity cost, the greater the extent that banks are steered toward assets deemed low risk by regulators.
In the late 1990s, regulators confronted an issue raised by private asset-backed securities (as opposed to securities issued by government-sponsored enterprises). Wall Street firms were carving these securities into tranches, with the “equity” tranche bearing nearly all of the risk, junior tranches bearing a small share of the risk, and senior tranches bearing almost no risk. If a bank held an equity tranche worth $3 million on a $100 million security, then even 8 percent of $3 million would provide far too little protection. On the other hand, if a bank held a senior tranche, then 8 percent capital would be excessive.
The solution was the Recourse Rule, which was finally adopted in 2001. For equity tranches, and for other situations in which the bank was deemed to have provided “recourse” to another party that had nominally purchased the asset from the bank, the rule required that the 8 percent capital rule be applied to the full notional value of the asset. In the case of an equity tranche worth $3 million on a $100 million security, this meant 8 percent of the full $100 million, or $8 million in capital would be required.
For junior and senior tranches, the Recourse Rule assigned risk weights according to ratings given by the major rating agencies, such as Moody's or Standard and Poor's. In particular, AA or AAA rates tranches were given the same 20 percent risk weight as securities issued by Fannie Mae.
The favorable treatment of highly-rated securities unleashed a flood of securitization. As one paper puts it,
… there is an almost threefold increase in new issuance from 2002 to 2007. In the aggregate, securitization worldwide went from $767 billion at the end of 2001 to $1.4 trillion in 2004 to $2.7 trillion at the peak of the “bubble,” in December of 2006. By late October, 2008, the market had effectively collapsed.
Friedman and Kraus point out that the sudden collapse of the securities market was exacerbated by the interplay between accounting rules, capital regulations, and securities downgrades. When default rates rose on some securities, the prices of those securities fell, which required banks to mark down their asset values, reducing bank equity. Rating agencies downgraded the rating on these securities, which raised capital requirements on the securities. Thus, banks found themselves with less equity and higher capital requirements, which led them to attempt to sell asset-backed securities, driving prices down further.
In hindsight, it is clear that large errors were made by the private sector, including the rating agencies. Most participants placed too much faith in the notion that house prices would not decline nationwide and that the diversification and risk structuring of mortgage securities could create low-risk mortgage-backed securities almost regardless of the nature of the underlying loans.
Friedman and Kraus emphasize that regulators were no more aware of the dangers than were executives in the private sector. They quote Ben Bernanke in 2005 saying,
House prices have risen nearly 25 percent over the past two years. Although speculative activity has increased in some areas, at a national level these price increases largely reflect strong economic fundamentals, including robust growth in jobs and income, low mortgage rates, steady rates of household formation, and factors that limit the expansion of housing supply in some areas.
Because regulators were as relaxed as private-sector participants regarding the risks building in the mortgage-backed securities market, Friedman and Kraus argue that risk-based capital rules were counterproductive. Rather than reducing systemic risk, the risk weights steered banks toward holding the very securities that proved to be most problematic during the crisis.
Centralizing risk assessment through regulatory risk weights and rating agency designations has several weaknesses. Local knowledge, such as detailed understanding of individual mortgages, is overlooked. At a macro level, regulators' judgment of housing market prospects were no better than those of leading market participants. Moreover, regulators imposed a uniformity of risk judgment, rather than allowing different assessments to emerge in the market. As Friedman and Kraus put it,
The cognitive limitations of capitalist decision makers are, of course, just as likely to lead to mistakes. But capitalists may simultaneously put into practice heterogeneous, competing interpretations of the world—all of them fallible, all of them ignorant of most aspects of the world, all of them in one sense or another, “ideological.” At least some of these interpretations, if not all of them, are very likely to be mistaken, but some may be less mistaken than others.
Society might therefore be well advised to diversify its asset portfolio by allowing capitalist competition to proceed unhindered, rather than by predicting that a single interpretation is best in advance and then imposing it on all capitalists' behavior at once.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With all the talk of Nintendo Switch , it's easy to forget that Sony's PS4 is on an impressive run of form at the moment.
The PS4 Pro is only four months old and Horizon: Zero Dawn has been giving The Legend of Zelda a run for its money.
Sony's machine is set to get even better today as the Japanese company has issued the PlayStation 4.5 System Update that brings a tonne of new features to the games console.
For starters, you'll be able to connect an external hard drive to the system and expand the storage. Great news for anyone with a 500GB HD version of the console.
And if you're looking for a bit of customisation, you can now add in-game screenshots as wallpapers to the PS4's menu.
Here are the other key features of the PlayStation 4.5 System Update:
Improved 2D Images on PSVR
If you're playing a game in PS VR and you return to the PS4 home screen, you may notice that the resolution looks lower than normal on the TV Social Screen. Following this update, you'll find that the resolution of the system screen displayed on your TV is significantly better when you're out of VR mode.
Also, the resolution of Cinematic Mode on PS VR will improve — if your PS VR screen size is set to Small or Medium, the frame rate of content viewed in Cinematic Mode goes up from 90Hz to 120Hz with this update.
Voice Chat for Remote Play
(Image: Andy Robertson)
Sony is adding voice chat when using Remote Play on a Windows PC, Mac or an Xperia mobile device.
This is especially useful if you've got a gaming session planned with your mates, but you're away from your system. You can switch your mic on and off via the microphone icon on the Tool Bar of the Remote Play app.
Boost Mode (for PlayStation 4 Pro only)
(Image: sonyplaystation)
The PS4 Pro gets a new feature in this update called Boost Mode. This feature has been designed to provide better performance for select games that have not been patched to take advantage of the PS4 Pro's faster CPU and its faster and double-sized GPU.
Boost Mode provides a noticeable frame rate boost to some games with variable frame rates, and can provide frame rate stability for games that are programmed to run at 30 Hz or 60 Hz.
Depending on the game, the increased CPU speed may also result in shorter load times. You can turn on Boost Mode by going to Settings > System. Of course, not all games will be compatible with the new mode.
The last thing Sean Williams needed on Wednesday was to get the flu. It was the day before his Test comeback, if you can call it that given his career had only featured two Tests before this one. Perhaps it's better to say it was the day before his restart, because that's how Williams saw this series.
It was another chance for him to prove himself after years of yo-yoing into and out of the selectors' minds, especially for the longer format. They knew he was talented and tough enough - his performances in limited-overs cricket proved that - but they weren't sure he was level-headed enough, mature enough, or even committed enough to don the whites.
Such was their uncertainty that Williams was not under serious consideration for this series after being left out of the Zimbabwe A side to play South Africa A earlier this month. Despite being summoned to Bulawayo from a training camp in Harare specifically for the second fixture of the A series, Williams was excluded from the XI and told to work on his mindset instead if he wanted to be considered for the Tests. Then, he was left off the squad list anyway. Rumour has it that it was only on captain Graeme Cremer's insistence that Williams was eventually included. Then the flu struck.
So although Williams was coughing heavily, feverish and weak, he owed it to his captain, if no one else, to fight through it on the first day. He was needed just after an hour's play, his team already in a precarious situation. Zimbabwe were 35 for 3 and had been stunned by a barrage of short balls from Neil Wagner, who greeted Williams with his most hostile one. It struck him on the helmet and broke the grille.
Williams had barely had time to recover from that moment when Wagner did it again and hit him again. With the same result. Except that the second time, Williams had played a pull and umpire Paul Reiffel thought his bat, not his helmet, had sent the ball to midwicket. Williams was given out. He did not move. He pointed to his helmet as though to offer an explanation but only saw a raised index finger. As he walked off, Williams continued to look at and gesture to the helmet, blaming it and himself and knowing he had made the wrong impression on the powers that be, though not entirely through his own fault.
If they were uncertain about his desire to play Test cricket before, what happened next would have strengthened that assumption. Williams could not be at the ground the next day. Or for most of the one after that. Racked by chills and injected with antibiotics, Williams' best option was to stay in bed to avoid passing it on to his team-mates, some of whom had already started to show symptoms. Regis Chakabva also could not take the field for New Zealand's innings, although he was diagnosed with tonsillitis, which is not contagious.
Both men were summoned from their sick beds towards the end of day three. Even though both would only be able to bat after five wickets had fallen because of the time spent off the field, at 17 for 4 that was imminent. Not only would they have to bat, they would have to save the team from major embarrassment.
"For a minute short of three-and-a-half hours, Williams repaid his captain's faith in him and he proved to his doubters that he is capable and confident player"
When the fifth wicket fell, Zimbabwe had stabilised and Cremer opted to take one for the team instead of send his ailing team-mates out. He saw the day to the close and, for the second time, he batted for Williams.
That night, Williams' wife Chantelle, who had also had the illness passed on to her, became worse. She almost fainted from the symptoms and even thought she may have had a small fit. With that on his mind, Williams travelled to Queens on Sunday morning. Chantelle, her voice rasping from coughing, her throat hoarse, was there with her sisters. The family had come to rally around their man and their team. And they were not disappointed.
Williams entertained from the get-go, with shots that the rest of the line-up, barring Sikandar Raza's carefree cameo, seemed too hesitant to play. He drove and swept and used his feet. He found gaps in the field and went both through and over it.
The only moments that gave away that he may not have been feeling up to scratch came when he called for water five minutes before lunch because he simply couldn't wait that long and when, in the drinks break in the second session, he went down on all fours in a part-stretch, part-retch with the look of a knackered man plastered across his face. For the rest of his innings, Williams was in complete control.
With Cremer playing the perfect foil at the other end, Williams gave Zimbabwe hope they could make New Zealand bat again. He gave them the belief Makhaya Ntini has been trying to drill into them; the kind of belief that only comes with performance. "What they should realise is that they are better than what they think they are," Ntini said. "They can do anything like any other team. They need to be given the space to understand that they can compete. Zimbabwe is going somewhere."
For a minute short of three-and-a-half hours, Williams was in the space where he understood that. He repaid his captain's faith in him and he proved to his doubters within the administration that he is capable and confident player, a scrapper that they should savour having around and a talent they should not take for granted in a country where the player pool remains shallow. So even though the last thing Williams needed was to get the flu, it will be the first thing he thinks of when he looks back on how he broke through and proved that he belongs.
Before we start, there are some career options today that absolutely require graduate studies. If you want to become a doctor, psychiatrist, lawyer, dentist, or physicist (among other similar jobs), your only route is to immerse yourself in the college life, submit into a graduate program, and eventually get some kind of masters degree or Ph.D. With our current social institutions, there are no other ways to get these jobs without formal education at a higher learning facility. Before deciding not to go to college, make sure you have chosen a career path that doesn't mandate it.
As the economic recession continues to prolong, many of those in the workforce, both employed and unemployed, are wondering if now is a good time to further their education in order to get a hedge in the job market. But spending another 2 years in the classroom may not be the best use of time, money, and labor which you could otherwise be spending learning on your own, networking with others, and starting your own productive endeavors. Today these alternative options are more available to us than ever before.
An article written last year in The Chronicle warned that graduate college may not be the best path to build careers in the humanities and arts. A lot of the information and advice can also be applied to businessmen, entrepreneurs, and other career choices that require more creativity and out-of-the-box thinking, which cannot always be fostered in an environment designed for standardized education. While most graduate programs integrate independent work and hands-on training, much of this can also be replicated in the work force through internships, entry-level jobs that have upward mobility, and our own self-directed studies – often achieved at a fraction of the price.
One major benefit of self-learning over formal education is that individuals can adapt a curriculum that fits their specific interests, and modify this curriculum as their studies progress. Here are some resources I have found particularly useful over the past year:
1) iTunes University (this is a direct link to the plug-in): This resource has literally thousands of video and audio lectures from over 100+ universities all over the world, including ivy leagues like Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Penn State, and Cornell. They also have material for grades K-12 as well as “Beyond Campus” curriculum from other educational institutions. This is a truly indispensable resource for anyone who loves learning and never wants to stop. The biggest problem is that there are too many interesting lectures, and not enough time.
2) YouTube : Despite a lot of the nonsense and trash that gets posted by amateurs, there is also a lot of quality content here (if you are willing to search for it). OpenCulture.com has a great article called “70 Signs of Intelligent Life at YouTube” which has a large list of informative YouTube channels including videos from TED.com, Fora.tv, Google Talks, BigThink.com, National Geographic, New Scientist, among others. YouTube also has some full-length documentaries you can stream, and it's a great place to search for interviews if you discover a new scholar, artist, businessman, or philosopher who you want to learn more about.
3) Wikipedia : Wikipedia is the largest encyclopedia on the web. This is one of the first places I go whenever I hear of a new theory or concept. It is a resource best used to build breadth in a field or topic you don't know anything about. One caveat, however, is to make sure that you follow up on your sources at Wikipedia to see if they are valid, or to learn more about the subject. This is important because anyone can edit Wikipedia and insert wrong information. Although, studies have shown that Wikipedia has proven to be just as accurate (or have just as many errors per submission) as other reputable encyclopedias like Britannica. While college professors are often known for discouraging its use, Wikipedia is a valid resource.
4) News and blogs : I've found that having a diverse array of news sources and blogs is also a great way to stay informed about current events, politics, economics, science, health, business, etc. Over the past two months I have created three different feeds (NewsRoundup, PsychNews, and Libertarian Minds) to help stay up-to-date on my favorite websites. I like to wake up every morning and browse through the latest headlines, opening up new tabs on my browser, and then reading through the articles in between sips of coffee. This is a good way to build breadth, get introduced to new things that I wouldn't otherwise know about, and just keep my mind sharp. As I discover new sites that I enjoy I add them to the feed.
Scale model of Warwolf.
Scale model of Warwolf in front of Caerlaverock Castle
The Warwolf, or War Wolf or Ludgar (Loup de Guerre), is believed to be the largest trebuchet ever made. It was created in Scotland by order of King Edward I of England, during the siege of Stirling Castle, as part of the Scottish Wars of Independence.
Warwolf at Stirling [ edit ]
When disassembled, the weapon would fill 30 wagons. It took five master carpenters and forty-nine other labourers at least three months to complete.[1]
A contemporary account of the siege states, "During this business the king had carpenters construct a fearful engine called the loup-de-guerre (sic., War wolf), and this when it threw, brought down the whole wall."
Even before construction could be completed, the sight of the giant engine so intimidated the Scots that they tried to surrender. Edward sent the truce party back inside the castle, declaring, "You don't deserve any grace, but must surrender to my will."[1] Edward decided to carry on with the siege and witness for himself the power of the masterful weapon. The Warwolf accurately hurled missiles weighing as much as three hundred pounds (140 kg) and levelled a large section of the curtain wall.
In the original records [ edit ]
Some of the original parchment rolls of the accounts of King Edward survive. Two references to the War Wolf, in Latin read
Domino Alexandro le Convers, pro denariis per ipsum datis,..., carpentariis facientibus ingenium quod vocatur Lupus Guerre, et aliis operaris diversis operantibus, ... mensibus Maii et Junii anno presenti (1304), viio die Junii, .... 10 s.
Thome de Viridi Campo, valleto regine, de dono regis in recompensacionem laboris quem sustenit circa facturem Lupus Guerre quem rex fieri ordinavit pro insultu castri de Stryvelyn, ..... xl li.
The first means "To Master Alexander le Convers, for money paid by him to the carpenters making the engine called 'War Wolf', and other workers working (also on the engine), in May and June 1304, 10 shillings on 7 June 1304." The following record reads "To Thomas de Viridus Campus, the queen's valet, recompensed at the King's hand for his labours in the making of the 'War Wolf', which the King ordered to be made to slight Stirling Castle, £40."[2]
Reginald the Janitor was paid wages for guarding its beams for forty nights in June and July 1304.[3]
References [ edit ]
On June 3, Alex Honnold made history by free-soloing up Yosemite's El Capitan, taking the Freerider route along the southwest face, following a system of cracks to the summit more than a half-mile above the valley floor. If New York City's Chrysler Building and Empire State Building were stacked vertically and placed next to El Cap, Freerider would rise above them for another 500 feet. Honnold completed it in just under four hours.
So how, exactly, did he do it? One pitch, or rope-lengths (for those who climb with ropes), at a time. The climb has 33 pitches, but we've divided those into four sections. Here's a play-by-play of one of history's greatest climbs.
Section 1: Pitches 1–10
Honnold started up Freerider at 5:32 a.m. From the foot of El Cap, the route rises along a high-angled wall, following one vertical crack to another, both just wide enough for Honnold to wedge his fingers or fists into, depending on the spot. Two hundred and five feet above the ground, the granite bulges out overhead like the overhanging edge of a roof.
“Alex was a little worried about that spot when we climbed it together,” says Tommy Caldwell, one of the best big-wall climbers in the world, who roped up with Honnold on Freerider a week before Honnold's free-solo ascent. “It's the first insecure move on the route. If Alex slipped there, he wouldn't have had time to catch himself. He had to be 100 percent.”
Honnold traversed right, stepping on a few small edges, trusting his hands on slim cracks, and cleared the edge of the bulge.
Beyond the roof, Freerider rises again up a stretch of relatively easy cracks pocked with shallow piton scars. Two hundred and thirty-five feet later, the wall's angle drops a few degrees, and the crack ends. From there, the route arcs right, then left, across a blank expanse of slick granite for almost 150 feet.
“There's nothing to grab onto once the crack ends,” says Caldwell. “It's the section Alex was the most stressed about. To get up it, you have to stand up almost straight and just trust the friction of your shoes against little ripples in the granite. If you tense up, it can start a downward spiral: You'll lean forward because you're scared, and your feet will skid out from under you.”
“The slabs are super insecure — they're the kind of spot where you couldn't even allow yourself to sneeze,” says Brad Gobright, a fellow free-solo climber. “One of the toughest parts of free-soloing Freerider would be controlling pretty much every part of yourself for 3,000 feet.”
While climbing with a partner in the fall of 2016, Honnold slipped on the upper half of the ramp and twisted his ankle. When he practiced with Caldwell a week before Saturday's free-solo, they took an alternate route.
“He went to the right,” says Caldwell. “There are two or three hard moves, and the rest is easy.”
“I got a bit tense and gripped this time, actually,” Honnold told Men's Journal about crossing this section during his free-solo. “I recognized that I was tightening up, but honestly I was just kinda, like, ‘Whatever,' and climbed through it. It went totally fine.”
Honnold finished the section by climbing left onto a bullet-shaped outcrop known as the “Triangle Ledge” — and discovered a would-be cameraman fast asleep.
The ledge ends in a natural corner system that soars 140 feet up the near-vertical wall on a slow, right-arching path as a ceiling of granite intercepts it. The corner then straightens and runs for another hundred feet to another ledge. Freerider then continues up another tall vertical corner to the flat Mammoth Terraces, where most climbers spend their first night, about a thousand feet up the wall.
Section 2: Pitches 11–20
From the left edge of the Mammoth Terraces, Honnold climbed 190 feet downward along several cracks to the “Heart Ledges,” each several feet wide. After a short break for food and water, he climbed up and left toward the “Lung Ledge,” 150 feet away, along a new route he'd worked out.
“Alex figured out a variation to get to the Lung Ledge about a month before we went up there,” says Caldwell. “He wanted to avoid a slippery foothold, so he found 20 easier moves to get around it.”
Safely on the ledge, Honnold scrambled left past a pair of startled climbers — one of them in a pink unicorn onesie, for no apparent reason — and followed a gentle 80-foot rise until it dead-ended at a left-facing corner bulging out of the wall in front of him. Beyond the corner, the Freerider drops almost straight down the wall for 90 near-vertical feet to a ledge cluttered with sharp boulders. Using a thin seam on the other side of the corner is the most common method of descent.
“To get into the left crack, you have to ease around the corner and brace your foot against the far wall,” says Pete Whittaker, a renowned crack climber. “It's a bit of a tricky step, and the down-climb is really the first spot that can tire your arms out.”
According to Caldwell, Honnold rehearsed the movement around the corner. “The transition from up to down can always feel a little insecure,” he says. And Honnold had once again prepared a short detour to navigate through a treacherous section of the down-climb. “He did a variation where instead of doing the thinnest moves, he went farther left for part of it.”
“I was belaying Alex on that section in 2012, and I felt the rope go tight,” says big-wall climber Mason Earle. “I looked down and asked what happened, and he says ‘I dunno, dude, my foot just slipped.' That's a rare moment for him. Alex almost never makes mistakes; when he does, he figures it out.”
Once Honnold got down to the talus ledge and turned west, right shoulder to the wall and left shoulder to the drop-off, he'd have been facing a massive slab dubbed the “Hollow Flake” that leans against the wall, separated from the face of El Capitan by a wide gap that narrows as it rises for a hundred feet to a small ledge. Above it, a chimney splits the face for almost the same distance until it tapers into a 150-foot crack.
According to Caldwell, those sections probably weren't much of an obstacle for Honnold. “It was probably the easiest part of the route for him,” he says. “Cruiser.”
Finished with the “easy” sections, he climbed left across the “Bermuda Dunes,” instead of splitting to the right, which would have taken him up a left-looping path called the “Ear.”
“Honnold went left up the Dunes because, otherwise, he would've had to lower himself down a tricky section at the top of the Ear,” says Whittaker. “The Dunes crack is the width of a few fingers in some places, the width of a hand in others.”
The crack slowly widened into the “Monster Offwidth,” a 200-foot section where the fracture in the stone is gaping enough that Honnold could've fit one of his legs into it and one of his arms, too, up to his shoulder.
“The Monster is a spectacularly beautiful spot on the wall,” says Caldwell. “At that point, it's pretty much vertical, and you're so high up that it's gutting to look down. Alex said it felt easy, but the Monster shuts down tons of strong climbers — a lot of people say it's the hardest section on the route.”
“You can't stop and take in the view during tough free-solos,” says Gobright. “There's no point where you can accept the vertigo — you have to be in the moment.”
Several hundred feet of chimneys and cracks later, Honnold passed the flat top of El Cap Spire, a free-standing pinnacle on top of which most climbers spend their second night. After another steep 130-foot long crack and a short sloping face scramble, he made it onto a ledge, more than 1,500 feet up the wall.
Just above him was “The Boulder Problem,” the most treacherous part of the route.
Section 3: Pitches 23–25
Smack on the face of El Cap, the Boulder Problem is a difficult sequence across thin handholds, some no wider than a pencil. The wall is nearly vertical.
“The Boulder Problem is the single reason nobody had even considered free-soloing Freerider,” says Caldwell. “It took Alex almost a decade to get comfortable on it. Otherwise, he'd probably have free-soloed it in 2009.”
To get there, Whittaker suspects that Honnold slotted his fingers into a narrow crack and leaned back, letting his arms take his weight as he worked his feet, then hands, upward, repeating the process for a few dozen feet. A few other quick moves, and he was on a small ledge, just beneath the Boulder Problem.
The section spans about 25 feet. Just above the last few moves, Jimmy Chin's film crew had set up two remote video cameras on tripods to film Honnold.
“I was aware of how intense the sequence would be as I approached it, for sure,” says Honnold, “but I executed it perfectly. It's a distinct set of movements, and I had them wired — left hand, right hand, left hand… I did what I normally do, just without a rope this time.”
According to Caldwell, Honnold climbed up into the sequence by pulling on a few tiny edges, the soles of his shoes smeared against small, sloping patches of rock, and grabbing a handhold the size of “a fourth-of-a-finger-pad.”
After moving his left foot onto a “sloping, bad left foothold,” and gripping a small protrusion, Honnold “grabbed a hold shaped like a nose, then shuffled his feet across on terrible footholds and grabbed the nose-shaped hold with his cupped right hand, too.
The next move is the single toughest of the climb. Honnold had to plant his left foot far out to the side, higher than waist-level, braced against the raised left edge of a crack.
“It's almost like a karate kick,” says Caldwell. From there, he would've been able to push himself up and secure a few of his left fingers in a crack.
“The Boulder Problem is the kind of series where nothing is ever 100 percent,” says Gobright. “You always have to hit the foot-kick just right on every little grain of rock and shift your weight over perfectly.”
Past the boulder problem, the route continues up into the “Sewer,” a steep, left-facing corner that oozes water in the spring. Though relatively easy climbing, slimy rock is a free-soloist's worst enemy.
Honnold climbed through the Sewer, until it arced left overhead.
“For those final few feet of the pitch, you have to lie back as you pull yourself up and left,” says Caldwell. Honnold finished those 140 feet and pulled onto “The Block” ledge.
From there, the next section was the “Sous le Toit,” 160 feet of “glorious flake climbing,” according to Caldwell. “It's a long, clean, sweeping line. The exposure there is huge, and it becomes even more beautiful because of it.”
“That pitch messes with your head a little bit,” says Whittaker. “It's quite straightforward, but the holds don't feel secure.” At the end of that pitch, Honnold was almost exactly half a mile above El Cap Meadow. Just above was the longest, most sustained stretch of climbing on the whole route.
Section 4: Pitches 26–33
The Enduro Corners are three sustained pitches of full-body climbing. The route follows the seam of a flaring, left-facing corner almost straight up the wall for 280 feet, then arcs left for an 80-foot traverse to the “Round Table” ledge. True to its name, there are no spots to rest during those 360 feet.
“The thing about Enduro is that you have fatigue and fear for such a long time,” says Gobright. “It would be terrifying to solo it.”
“If I was going to try and free-solo Freerider tomorrow, that's the section I'd be most worried about,” says Caldwell. “When I climbed it with Alex recently, I looked down at the ground and tried to imagine myself free-soloing, and was thinking, ‘Oh, my God'…”
National Geographic's video shows Honnold inching his way up, fingers slotted into the seam, pushing himself up the crack with his feet, right leg occasionally lifted wide right for balance or to press down against the face for leverage.
“I had been worried about fatigue, so I just practiced it until I was confident there wouldn't be any problems,” says Honnold. “Soloing those pitches felt amazing, I just cruised up them.”
Once at the top of the corner, underneath a looming roof, Honnold had to cross the final 80-foot left traverse across shallow, pocket-shaped handholds, feet smeared against the wall, and stepped onto the Round Table ledge.
“Once I got on top of that, I was so psyched that I only rested there for like 30 seconds,” he says, “because I wanted to charge up the last five pitches to the top.”
“That section is really steep, but the holds are big and solid, so you can allow yourself to feel heroic,” he explained. “That was the first time I let myself really sense my surroundings, the height, exposure, all that. I imagined myself being on a victory lap, like I was taking an extra lap around a running track or something. I had to still focus and make sure I didn't slip off, but I just kept thinking, ‘This is so, so awesome, I am cruising, this feels amazing,' as I climbed.”
Earlier that morning, Honnold's friend Cheyne Lempe had rappelled off the top of El Cap to help Chin film Honnold's ascent. Only 300 feet beneath the finish, Honnold paused on a small ledge to chat with Lempe.
“He said he was stoked that I was there and that it was the best day of climbing ever,” says Lempe. The pair high-fived and Honnold tightened his shoes. A short while later, Honnold raced up the final pitch and stood atop El Capitan.
Finished with his hardest free-solo yet, “I spent quite a bit of time on the top just chattering with Jimmy and his film crew, hugging them — getting excited and all that,” Honnold says. “Just hugs all around.”
“I've spent a lot of time shooting on the wall, and nothing comes close to what I experienced this morning,” Lempe said that evening. “It was terrifying, and one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen. I don't know if I have words for it.”
Above: An abandoned home in Richmond, Calif. Richmond fighting two lawsuits on eminent domain. Peter DaSilva for The New York Times
New cities are joining the effort to head off home foreclosures by using a twist on the power of eminent domain, despite threats of financial retaliation from Wall Street and Washington.
On Saturday, Mayor Wayne Smith of Irvington, N.J., will announce that his mostly working-class city is proceeding with a legal study of the plan. Irvington could try to head off legal action and repercussions through what are called “friendly condemnations,” in which incentives are used to persuade the owner to drop any objections, he said. “We figure if this program works it can help anywhere from 500 to 1,000 homes.”
This summer the similarly working-class city of Richmond, Calif., in a heavily industrial part of the San Francisco Bay Area, became the firstto identify homes worth far less than their owners owe, and offer to buy not the houses themselves, but the mortgages. The city intends to reduce the debt on those mortgages, saying that will prevent foreclosure, blight and falling property values. If the owners of the mortgages — mostly banks and investors — balk, the letters said, the city could use eminent domain to condemn and buy them.
Since then, intense pressure from Wall Street and real estate interests, including warnings that mortgages will become difficult or impossible for Richmond residents to get, has whittled away support for the plan. The city has yet to actually use its power of eminent domain, but it is already fighting two lawsuits filed in federal courts.
Still, cities hard hit by the housing crash are showing interest. Yonkers, just north of New York City, will soon take up a resolution to study the use of eminent domain to reduce debt, and support is building in Newark as well. In California, Pomona and Oakland are considering it as well.
“Things seem to be picking up steam in Minnesota, and I've just been contacted in the past couple of weeks by two cities in Pennsylvania as well,” said Robert Hockett, a Cornell University law professor and one of the architects of the strategy. Nationally, housing prices have begun to recover, but about one in five homeowners still owes more than the home is worth, and in cities like Richmond as many as half do.
Several local governments that have considered the plan eventually backed away, including San Bernardino County and North Las Vegas. But, Mr. Hockett said, “We're moving into a kind of second generation of municipal interest that is more hard core — it's interest with a spine, so to speak.”
The cities are all still in the early stages of considering the plan.
In New Jersey, the American Civil Liberties Union has also joined the effort, saying that opponents are using threats to keep cities from exercising their legal right to employ eminent domain.
Opponents of the strategy, including the institutional investors BlackRock and Pimco, Wells Fargo and the Mortgage Bankers Association, say that taking mortgages by eminent domain is a breach of individual rights and that investors will not receive fair market value for the mortgages. In Richmond, Mayor Gayle McLaughlin has asked investors to come to the table to work out a price, but they have so far declined to negotiate.
The Federal Housing Finance Agency, which oversees the mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and controls most mortgages in the country, has said that the eminent domain strategy is “a clear threat to the safe and sound operations of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Home Loan Banks” and that it may take legal action against cities that use it or limit mortgage activity there. In Congress, a housing finance bill by Jeb Hensarling, a Texas Republican and chairman of the Committee on Financial Services, would effectively end mortgage financing in cities that used eminent domain.
On Friday, letters signed by 10 Democratic members of Congress were expected to be sent to Edward J. DeMarco, the acting director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and Shaun Donovan, secretary of housing and urban development, saying that any policies that restrict mortgage lending in areas that use eminent domain would violate anti-discrimination laws.
“We write to express our disappointment that the Federal Housing Finance Agency is actively supporting and threatening legal action against communities which consider exercising their legal rights to use eminent domain to help to struggle homeowners,” the letter to Mr. DeMarco said.
Agni-V intercontinental ballistic missile +
India successfully tests smart anti-airfield weapon system India on Saturday successfully tested the smart anti-airfield weapon system, capable of engaging ground targets in a range of 100kms from a fighter aircraft, at the integrated test range in Chandipur.
Congratulations DRDO for successfully test firing Agni V. It will enhance our strategic and deterrence capabilities. #PresidentMukherjee
— President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) December 26, 2016
Read this story in Marathi
NEW DELHI: India tested its(ICBM) in its final operational configuration from Wheeler Island off Odisha on Monday, paving the way for its eventual induction into the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) after user-trials.The nuclear-capable Agni-V, which can even reach the northernmost parts of China with its strike range of over 5,000-km, was test-fired from its canister on a launcher truck just after 11 am. "All the test parameters of the missile, which was tested for its full range, were successfully achieved. The missile splashed down near Australian waters," said an official.Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud. It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.& mdash; Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 26, 2016 As earlier reported by TOI, this fourth and final experimental test of the three-stage Agni-V -- if it is fully successful-- comes after a gap of two years due to minor technical tweaking required in the ballistic missile as well as the need for India to exercise some strategic restraint when it was seeking entry into the 48-country Nuclear Suppliers Group (which was thwarted by China) and the 34-nation Missile Technology Control Regime (which India joined earlier this year).The tri-Service SFC, established in 2003 to manage India's nuclear arsenal, will have to conduct at least two user-trials before the 50-tonne missile is produced in adequate numbers for induction.While the 17-metre tall Agni-V was tested in an "open configuration" in April 2012 and September 2013, the third test in January 2015 saw it being fired from a hermetically sealed canister mounted on a Tatra launcher truck. The missile's canister-launch version makes it even deadlier since it gives the armed forces requisite flexibility to swiftly transport and fire the missile from anywhere they want.Once the Agni-V is inducted, India will join the super exclusive club of countries with ICBMs (missiles with a range of over 5,000-5,500km) alongside the US, Russia, China, France and the UK.Apart from the shorter-range Prithvi and Dhanush missiles, the SFC has inducted the Agni-I, Agni-II and Agni-III missiles. While these missiles are mainly geared towards Pakistan, the Agni-IV and Agni-V are specifically meant for deterrence against China. Beijing, of course, is leagues ahead in terms of its missile and nuclear arsenals.But the Indian defence establishment believes the Agni-V is sufficient to take care of existing threat perceptions. As earlier reported by TOI, DRDO has also done some work on developing "manoeuvring warheads or intelligent re-entry vehicles"+ to defeat enemy ballistic missile defence systems, as well as MIRVs (multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles) for the Agni missiles. An MIRV payload basically means a single missile is capable of carrying several nuclear warheads, each programmed to hit different targets.Meanwhile, the President of India Pranab Mukherjee has congratulated DRDO on the successful test-firing of intercontinental ballistic missile – 'Agni-V'.
This is The Globe's daily politics newsletter. Sign up to get it by e-mail each morning.
POLITICS BRIEFING
By Chris Hannay (@channay)
Story continues below advertisement
It's been nearly six months since Justin Trudeau was sworn in as prime minister, and so far the challenges of governing haven't taken a toll on his popularity.
According to Nanos Research's weekly polling, Mr. Trudeau has stayed at the high level of popularity he's enjoyed since winning the fall election. The Liberals' brand score has remained constant, well above their rivals, and Mr. Trudeau himself has consistently won the support of half or more respondents on the question of who their preferred prime minister is. (No doubt Mr. Trudeau gets some boost from the fact that the other two largest parties in the House are without permanent leaders.)
WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS MORNING
> B.C. Premier Christy Clark is being paid tens of thousands of dollars a year by the B.C. Liberal Party, on top of her legislative salary, The Globe's Gary Mason reports.
> The failure of the Catholic Church to raise $25-million for residential-school survivors has let other churches off the hook in their fundraising efforts.
> Mr. Trudeau categorically denied Canada would pay a ransom for hostages kidnapped by terrorists, which raises the question of a Canadian rescue mission in the Philippines.
> The inside story of Canada's $15-billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia. (for subscribers)
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
> The Liberals have ruled out a referendum on electoral reform, but could they hold an assembly of citizens?
> The aid group Kairos, whose federal funding was famously lost with a Conservative minister's "not," is trying to make inroads with the new Liberal government.
> Who is Garnett Genuis, the rookie Conservative MP who's already spoken more than 44,000 words in the House?
> And in the U.S., it's becoming more and more certain that Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton will emerge as the presidential nominees.
SECUREDROP
Did you know you can share information with Globe journalists with much more security and anonymity than traditional means? Read more about SecureDrop and encrypted communication.
Story continues below advertisement
WHAT EVERYONE'S TALKING ABOUT
"Terrorist ransoms provide governments with very few good options. If a government decides to facilitate a payment, it risks directly, if also unintentionally, facilitating terrorism and political instability. Cash provides militants with access to weapons and recruits. In this particular case, Abu Sayyaf sought millions of dollars, useful for patching up its faltering insurgency. The associated risk is diplomatic fallout. The Philippine government was unusually blunt. Only last week it "encourage[d] everyone to observe" its "no ransom policy" with local militants. Manila's strategic objective is to end the insurgency and stabilize the country. Canadian ransom money flowing into Abu Sayyaf's coffers would be a hard sell." – Alex Wilner.
Adam Radwanski (Globe and Mail): "But while [Tony] Clement's apparent lack of self-awareness is easy to snicker at, it is emblematic of a persistent problem for both the Conservatives and the Liberals in pushing for openness and accountability when they are out of power. And it points to potential opportunity for the NDP, as the third party tries to set itself apart."
Tim Powers (Hill Times): "Conservatives can howl at the moon, as they did in the last election, and stand pat on the criminalization of marijuana, or they can take a strong, mature, proactive role in dealing with this inevitability."
Matt Gurney (National Post): "Unfortunately, indications suggest the Liberals have opted to ignore the obvious focus of the anniversary – Confederation itself, and the astonishing progress Canadians have achieved since then – in favour of four issues that are currently fashionable in "progressive" ranks: the environment, youth, inclusion and diversity, and reconciliation with native people."
Michael Den Tandt (Postmedia): "As one season turns to another and the planet spins on its axis, the Montreal-based aerospace giant [Bombardier] is pressing its substantial, state-subsidized girth to the trough once again, buttons popping, hands outstretched for another bowl of nosh. It is the people's duty, we are told, to fork over $1-billion of our collectively borrowed money (because Ottawa is, of course, running at a $30-billion deficit) for the furtherance of the company's CSeries passenger jet."
Story continues below advertisement
Welcome to the Globe Politics newsletter! Let us know what you think.
If there were any doubt that our constitutional protection has been lost, that doubt should be removed by the congressional vote subjecting the personal health care decisions of every American to central governmental authority.
The Road to Serfdom: T... F. A. Hayek, Bruce Cal... Best Price: $4.50 Buy New $8.00 (as of 08:45 EST - Details)
By an extremely narrow majority, the House of Representatives has crammed a profoundly unpopular and unconstitutional measure down the throats of the American public: And not only unpopular and unconstitutional, but expensive enough to virtually ensure our nations eventual bankruptcy.
Unless it is overturned, nationalized health care will complete the process of changing the Founders system of a government dependent on the people to one where the people are dependent on the government. Citizens will be thoroughly re-molded into subjects.
The unseemly legislative conduct (the Founders would have called it corruption) leading up to the vote have communicated even to those previously not paying attention that federal politicians are now absolutely, utterly out of control. The majority in Congress has rendered it perfectly clear that there is no constitutional or legal restriction they will not violate.
As congressional rumblings about the recent Citizens United decision have suggested, protections for free speech may be next.
There is no good response to these outrages  that is, good in the sense of easy and foolproof: After all, the very people who perpetrated them also control Americas nuclear arsenal. There are only responses that, while difficult, offer real hope of success. Here are a few:
Widespread court challenges, on every colorable constitutional, legal, and technical ground we can think of. State governments can take a leading role in this, by virtue of the fact that state governments are more likely than individuals to have standing in federal court. State governments and officials also have much to lose if the feds are allowed to complete their health care takeover. Direct Citizen Action:... James Ostrowski Best Price: $0.37 Buy New $3.50 (as of 06:20 EST - Details )
Health care provider non-compliance: To the extent they can, physicians and other providers should opt out of the system. Their choices include partial or complete refusal to participate in Medicare, Medicaid, and other government programs; refusal to take any but direct-payment patients; reduced work hours; and even career change and early retirement. Students considering a medical career should now reconsider. Given the ominous nature of the federal health care coup dtat, my guess is that a lot of this will happen anyway.
State constitutional amendments. One excellent idea is the amendment proposed in many states guaranteeing that the state will never participate in any system that denies patients and physicians the right to their own health-care decisions.
Civil disobedience. This should include state non-compliance with federal health-care mandates and peaceful resistance by providers and citizens at every level. The model here should be the Civil Rights movement of the 1960s.
Redoubling efforts for the 2010 elections. The people responsible for this bill should be cleaned out of Congress  all of them. In addition, we need to gear up for 2012 and ensure that state lawmakers elected in 2010 fully understand their constitutional obligations.
Amend-to-Save. A clean sweep of Congress is not enough. There is now no escaping it  we need to amend our Constitution to save it, or we will not have any Constitution left.
There is nothing new in this last proposal. Our fathers, grandfathers, and their predecessors all adopted constitutional amendments designed less to change the system than to preserve it. Again and again, the American people adopted formal amendments to rein in the politicians and restore or reinforce Founding principles.
On the Duty of Civil D... Henry David Thoreau Best Price: $3.14 Buy New $3.99 (as of 06:30 EST - Details)
Thus, the Ninth Amendment made clear that federal powers were not to be interpreted too expansively. The Tenth Amendment clarified that the central government had no authority other than that granted by the Constitution. The Eleventh reversed a Supreme Court opinion that conflicted with the dominant understanding of the ratifiers. The Twenty-First Amendment restored control over alcoholic beverages to the states, where the Founders had left it. The Twenty-Second Amendment restored the two-term presidential tradition set by Washington, Jefferson, and Madison. The Twenty-Seventh, although not finally adopted until 1992, had been proposed by James Madison and sent to the states by the First Congress. The Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth (the post-Civil War amendments) were more radical, but also principally fulfilled the ideals of the Founding.
Now we need a Twenty-Eight, Twenty-Ninth, and Thirtieth Amendment  not so much to change the Founders Constitution as to restore it. How? Congress will not reform itself. Fortunately, the Founders recognized that when Congress veered completely out of control, there had to be a way to amend without its consent. Hence, they wrote into the Constitution a procedure whereby two-thirds of the states could propose amendments, which would then be drafted by a convention, and approved only if three-quarters of the states ratified them.
We now have no choice: We are going to have to use that method. Thats why state legislative races are so important this year.
This is reprinted from the Tenth Amendment Center.
March 24, 2010
Rob Natelson is Professor of Constitutional Law at the University of Montana and a nationally-known expert on the American Founding. After a quarter of a century in academia, he is leaving this year to fight full-time for freedom at the Independence Institute in Golden, Colorado. His constitutional publications can be found at www.umt.edu/law/faculty/natelson.htm. The views expressed here are his own, not to be attributed to any organization or institution.
The Best of Rob Natelson
Right-handed pitcher Ty Madden committed to David Pierce and the Texas Longhorns on Monday night, according to Madden's Twitter page.
The Cypress Ranch (Tx.) rising senior is ranked as the No. 67 overall recruit in the class of 2018, the No. 20 right-handed pitcher, and the No. 8 player in Texas.
“After lots of thoughts and prayers, I have decided I will be attending THE University of Texas to continue my baseball career,” Madden announced on Twitter.
Madden originally pledged to Rice in July 2016, and never publicly backed out of his commitment to the Owls until announcing he will be attending Texas.
Madden currently has a fastball in the low 90s. With a 6'4 frame and weighing a slender 190 pounds, Madden has potential to gain even more power from the mound.
In addition to his strong fastball, Madden also throws a curveball that one scout described as flashing “sharp biting action”.
The Houston native was given a 10 out of 10 rating by Perfect Game on June 16 at the Perfect Game National Showcase.
Madden plays for the prestigious Houston Banditos summer league team. The Banditos have also been the summer league home of several top Texas players, including Kody and Kacy Clemens.
At his high school, Madden plays first base and third in addition to pitching.
Madden will be a very high draft risk for the Longhorns due to his potential in addition to his elite ranking. Being able to sway the top 100 recruit from in-state rival Rice, however, is a sign that the ‘Horns are making positive progress in “taking back” the state of Texas.
Even without the addition of Madden being updated yet, the Longhorns currently have the No. 17 class in the nation for 2018. With Madden in the fold, Texas will have 16 commits for the class.
Stephen Crowley/The New York Times
In his Monday morning column, Greg Sargent of the Washington Post wondered rhetorically whether we had actually had an election last November, since the Republicans are still putting forward the ideas that voters rejected in 2012. Representative Paul Ryan, who was on the G.O.P.'s losing presidential ticket, is about to issue yet another draconian budget plan that would start the process of killing Medicaid and turning Medicare into a voucher program.
Sunday night, Roll Call published an interview with John Boehner, in which the speaker of the house answered Mr. Sargent's question — we did have an election and the Republicans are oblivious to its results.
Mr. Boehner whined that holding an unshakeable majority in the House just doesn't measure up to the “presidential bully pulpit.” As he put it, they only control half of one third of the federal government (which is odd, considering that he's discounting the Supreme Court, on which the Republicans often seem to have a majority).
He conceded that “as a party, we need to do a better job of communicating and engaging with the American people.” But he quickly made it clear that what he means by that is finding ways to persuade the middle-class that Republican policies that will hurt their lives are actually beneficial to them.
Mr. Boehner added: “Our job as House Republicans is to put our principles into legislation, like the budget that we will vote on this month, and show how those solutions help families in our Congressional districts and around the country.”
“Our principles — things like freedom and responsibility — are eternal,” he said, as though President Obama and the Democrats don't believe in either one, “but we've got to do a better job of articulating those principles.”
This is really nothing more than just the same old rebranding project that the Republicans have been pushing since last November, based on the presumption that voters have no idea what's best for them. The party elders seem convinced that their problem is one of style. They don't accept that voters heard them perfectly well and just rejected what they had to offer. But women voters, for example, didn't misunderstand. They got that Republicans want to restrict abortion rights and access to birth control.
The Republicans' problem is substantive, but it doesn't look like they will ever take that in.
Last week, students marched across America demanding free tuition. But if their goal is making higher education more accessible, free tuition won't work. It is a blunt and ineffective tool to increase the number of college-degree holders. Not only because it benefits richer students more, but also because it doesn't address the biggest risk facing low-income students—dropping out of college before they finish.
In an age of growing economic inequality, expanding and improving education is the most growth friendly way to ease widening income disparities. But merely sending more people to college isn't working. Recent research shows the income gains from enrolling in college education is riskier than ever. While on average, college pays off, you take a chance that the debt and years of forgone earnings won't increase your income after all. The figure below illustrates the range of lifetime incomes for men, estimated from the March Current Population Survey. The first column is the 10th percentile of lifetime earnings, what low achievers will earn. The middle is the median, what average earners will earn. The third is the 90th percentile, what high achievers earn.
College is no sure bet. You might only earn $600,000 in your lifetime, while someone with a high school diploma earns $800,000. But the odds are good: if you finish a four-year degree, you will earn significantly more money. Even if you fall into the lower tail of earnings, a college graduate earns a decent amount. It is better to be an under-achieving college graduate than a low-earning high school diploma holder. There's even some value to completing a two-year degree, especially if it is technical. However, if you drop out, yours odds of out-earning the high school graduate are not as good. You may earn slightly more, but if you end up on the low-earning track, your time in college was a waste of time and money. College is a risky bet, but the biggest risk is going and not finishing.
The authors of the college wage risk study speculate that students destined to be under-achievers are the ones who drop out or wind up underemployed (they have a degree but not a job that requires one). They argue free tuition may induce more people to enroll, but it will do little to increase the number of graduates or earnings. The paper suggests some people just don't belong in college, and this marginal waste their time and money enrolling. But this doesn't square with the fact that students from low income families tend to be the ones who flounder and drop out. Their high drop out rate suggests what's going wrong masks a deeper problem free tuition can't fix.
Other research shows that free tuition doesn't keep high-achieving, low-income students from dropping out, if they attend a low quality school. Fees aren't the only problem they face, school quality and the resources per student make a big difference. Low-income students often enroll poorly prepared from inadequate secondary school and many lack family support to push through when college gets hard. Negotiating the college bureaucracy is hard, it's even harder to persevere when you have few college graduate role models.
More resources can help at risk students with these issues. The City University Of New York (CUNY) launched a pilot program in its community college system, called Accelerated Study in Associate Programs (ASAP). It not only offers tuition assistance, most critically it offers emotional support, tutoring, and accountability to help low-income students thrive. The program so far has been very effective, 57% of students in the program graduated, compared to just 17% across all of CUNY. The program also increased the number of students who went on to a four-year degree by 7.8 percentage points, 25% compared to just 17% in the control group.
Programs like ASAP are expensive and labor intensive. But they can make college pay off for those who need it and it's a much better use of money than free tuition for all.
Posted: May 7, 2013
The Phoenix Suns have named Ryan McDonough the team's general manager, it was announced today. He will be introduced during a press conference on Thursday, May 9, at US Airways Center.
“Ryan distinguished himself among an impressive group of candidates for our GM position,” said Suns President of Basketball Operations Lon Babby. “His natural leadership and communication skills will serve the Suns well. And, his prodigious work ethic and ability to identify talent will enable us to take full advantage of the 10 draft choices, including six in the first round, that we have over the next three years. We welcome his championship pedigree to our organization.”
The 33-year-old McDonough is considered one of the game's brightest young minds, who combines a tireless work ethic with an expertise in player evaluation honed over the past 10 years at virtually every level of an NBA franchise's basketball operations.
McDonough joins the Suns after most recently serving the past three seasons as the assistant general manager of the Boston Celtics, where he assisted Celtics President of Basketball Operations Danny Ainge on all basketball-related matters, while being principally responsible for the draft evaluation of college and international players. He combines the experience of nearly a decade of in-person scouting of prospects across the globe with an understanding of advanced metrics and statistical analysis. During his tenure with the Celtics, Boston made two appearances in the NBA Finals, and claimed the 2008 title.
McDonough joined the Celtics front office in 2003 as a 23-year-old special assistant to basketball operations, rapidly moving up the team's ranks with increased responsibility at each stop, always with an emphasis in talent evaluation. He spent four seasons as a special assistant, a role that included a great deal of video scouting work (2003-07), one season as director of amateur scouting (2007-08), one season as director of international scouting (2008-09), and two seasons as director of player personnel (2008-10) before his promotion to assistant general manager in Sept. 2010.
McDonough played a prominent role in the front office of a club that has kept a veteran-led roster in the playoffs the last six consecutive seasons thanks to an infusion of young talent acquired through quality late first-round draft picks and trades. Included in that list are the draft-day acquisition of four-time All-Star Rajon Rondo in 2006, and the 2010 selection of Avery Bradley, who was one of the NBA's most improved players in 2012-13.
A graduate of the University of North Carolina with a degree in Journalism and Mass Communication, McDonough grew up in Hingham, Mass., the son of the late renowned Boston Globe columnist Will McDonough, and the brother of ESPN broadcaster Sean and NFL player personnel executive Terry.
The Suns will introduce McDonough during a press conference this Thursday, May 9, at 11:30 a.m. The press conference will be streamed live via Suns.com, as well as the Suns' official mobile app, powered by Verizon. The Suns' app is available on Android, iPhone and iPad.
False No9s are in; free roles, with the exception of Mesut Özil, are out; back threes are making a comeback; and pressing is en vogue
1 Pressing
A few years ago possession was the most discussed concept in football. Since then there has been a shift from a possession-based approach and more attention paid to pressing. Mauricio Pochettino's Southampton and Tottenham sides pressed in advanced positions to win the ball quickly, Klopp popularised counter-pressing, winning the ball immediately after it has been lost, and Guardiola also emphasises the importance of closing down in advanced positions.
Matches involving these sides have been frantic. Tottenham's 2-0 victory over Manchester City was notable as a contest where the sides were determined to shut one another down, and in their 1-1 draw at Arsenal last weekend both teams were more focused on disrupting the other side's play than on playing incisive passing combinations.
Matches boasting heavy pressing and technical quality can be enthralling but there is a danger Premier League games are becoming too based around spoiling rather than creating.
2 False nines
An impressive start to 2016-17 by Liverpool and Arsenal owes much to the use of unusual centre-forwards.
Roberto Firmino arrived in English football two summers ago as an attacking midfielder, set to provide Christian Benteke and Daniel Sturridge with service. But Jürgen Klopp sold Benteke, has not taken to Sturridge and has used Firmino as Liverpool's regular No9. The Brazilian is a different beast: more dynamic, more selfless, better at starting the press and increasingly a goalscorer too.
Arsenal, similarly, have deployed Alexis Sánchez up front. Although the Chilean was sometimes used in that position upon his arrival in 2014, he spent the past two seasons as an attacking midfielder, generally starting from the left. But Arsène Wenger's use of Sánchez up front has provided another dimension to Arsenal's attack – he stretches the play more than Olivier Giroud, drops deep to link play cleverly and demonstrated traditional centre-forward skills with a powerful headed goal against Sunderland.
3 Three-man defences
Antonio Conte achieved great success with Juventus by deploying a three-man defence, a system he replicated with Italy. When Chelsea struggled with the 4-1-4-1 shape Conte used at the start of the season, the solution was obvious – switch to a back three.
Initially trialled when Chelsea were 3-0 down at the Emirates with little hope of a comeback, Conte has used a 3-4-3 in Chelsea's subsequent five league games, with an aggregate score of 16-0. Eden Hazard is freed from defensive responsibilities, David Luiz can operate as a spare man and Marco Alonso's purchase makes sense, as he is a natural wing-back.
Last weekend two sides followed suit: Ronald Koeman surprisingly attempted to match Chelsea's system at Stamford Bridge, although this backfired spectacularly with a 5-0 defeat. Tottenham also utilised a three-man defence the following day in a 1-1 draw at Arsenal. With Pep Guardiola's Manchester City sometimes subtly shifting into a three-man defence, that system has been more visible than usual.
Tammy Abraham, Pontus Jansson and the Championship's most eye-catching players | Nick Miller Read more
4 Set-piece goals
This season there has been a concerted effort by officials to clamp down on shirt-pulling by defenders at set pieces. This appears to have particularly affected some teams. Last season's champions Leicester City, whose centre-backs Robert Huth and Wes Morgan were somewhat reliant on grappling when defending set pieces, have found themselves penalised for that behaviour.
“They have changed the rules and it's something we have to learn to adapt to as players,” said the Leicester defender Danny Simpson, shortly after they conceded three goals from set pieces at Manchester United. “The way it was last season, I thought we were very good at defending set pieces and we made it tough for the opponents. You have been doing that all your career and suddenly you've got to change – but it's the same for everyone.” Across the league, there have been 0.65 set-piece goals per game, up from 0.59 last season.
5 Fewer free roles
Overall, the Premier League's top sides feel particularly structured and systemised this season, thanks to the appointment of managers with very strict philosophies. Playmakers who like playing in a free role have found themselves in stricter roles, or out of the team.
The most obvious loser has been Cesc Fàbregas, the league's most creative midfielder two seasons ago but a player who required freedom from tactical responsibilities to thrive. Conte cannot find a place for him and the Spaniard has started only one league game.
Elsewhere, Kevin De Bruyne and David Silva have continued as Manchester City regulars but in much deeper, more disciplined roles than they have been accustomed to, and Adam Lallana has been excellent at Liverpool – again, with stricter positional instructions. Henrikh Mkhitaryan cannot get a look-in at Manchester United, however, which arguably leaves Arsenal's Mesut Özil as the only top-level No10 allowed freedom to drift where he pleases.
This ski-mask is a great addition to my crazy hat and costume collection. It is just as pictured: Vibrant green, tons of (surprisingly) long tentacles, tight fitting (I have a normal sized heard and was expecting it to be huge based on other reviews) and flush with all the terror that the old ones inspire in feeble mortals.
I ordered two on the same day, and one is yet to arrive, but the first one came in just under 20 days, so ahead of schedule. For the modest price, this is a great item for Cthulhu fans, sci-fi nuts or just plain crazies. I am all three and I couldn't be happier.
Note: It is not heh the warmest thing I own, and it may not mbe the best if you are looking for real freezing weather gear. The tentacled portion is from the nose down, and it is quite succeptible to cold breezes. If you are looking to sacrtifice just a little bit of function for a hat/mask with real attention grabbing potential. . . this is for you. Mine also had a chemical smell for a few days, but a little ride in the dryer with a sheet and it was fine.
PS. Be aware that you absolutely should not wear this mask in the following locations: any bank, child care facility, church, old folks' home, funeral, wedding, any black tie occasion, in a dark alley or any time you want to be taken seriously. It is frowned upon, at least, and you will find yourself in jail, in trouble or at minimum yelled at by somebody. If you like these things, then go for it.
This sub is for:
1. The horrible things that the capitalist system forces people to do in order to survive within it.
2. Zesty memes, videos and GIFs that critique the social, moral and ideological decay of western capitalist culture.
3. The larger trend of corporate immorality and the increasing commodification and marketing of things that should not be commodified or marketed (such as social justice movements like the Starbucks 'race together' or Gay Pride).
4. Mocking the general hypocrisy and irrationality of Late Capitalism as it accelerates the process of digging its own grave.
5. Sardonically mocking the Bourgeoisie, especially Donald Trump.
Remember:
Do not mock individuals ad hominem unless they happen to be someone like Ayn Rand. We allow mocking critiques of individuals if they remain a critique of the ideology they represent.
Brigading from other subs, harassment, personal attacks on fellow users, bigotry, ableism, intolerance and hate speech are all bannable offenses.
We do allow links to threads and comments on Reddit as long as they are relevant to the content guidelines and follow the rules. Use np links or your post will be deleted .
Do not post NSFL Content, it will be removed.
Mods are getting stricter with content quality. Shit content that does not fit the content criteria (like posts about Basic Income) will now be removed.
All bans are at mod discretion for violating specific rules or the general anti-capitalist nature of the sub. Nobody, not even the mods, has an inviolable right to be here. We're not going to try to make people who don't belong feel welcome.
This subreddit is a safe space.
Philosophy:
This subreddit has its roots in broad-based anti-capitalist thought, with an underlying Marxist tendency that is steeped in intersectionalist Critical Theory.
When it comes to proposed alternatives to Capitalism, it is the general consensus of this subreddit that the contradiction between Capital and Labour must be eliminated; the working class should own and control the means of production.
We have a Twitter account now, it posts links to new content here: @late_capitalism
Sidebar image credit: Barbara Kruger
Relevant comrade subreddits:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
UPDATE (7/20/15): Amazon has put Dreese's book This Flag Never Goes Down back up for sale on its site.
KREAMER -- Michael Dreese is an author from Kreamer who writes non-fiction historical books that center around the battle of Gettysburg. So far he's written six books, including two about both the Union and Confederate battle flags and their roles in the Civil War.
"They were the primary means of communication. The battlefield could be a very smoky, noisy, confusing atmosphere," Dreese said.
Recently Dreese got an email from Amazon regarding his book This Flag Never Goes Down. The book is about the Confederate battle flag. Amazon asked Dreese to take down the listing.
"It was kind of surprising at first. Being a nonfiction historical writer, I never thought any of my books would be on the banned book list," Dreese said.
Dreese says he decided not to take action right away, but two days later, Amazon made the decision for him.
"I knew my book really didn't promote the Confederate flag. I'm not really for it or against it, I was just telling the story of the Confederate battle flag," Dreese said.
Mark Troup of Middleburg says he read the book and thinks it's unfortunate it was banned from Amazon.
"The book itself is not a thing that's either trying to inflame or promote racism," Troup said.
"If we start removing things and not thinking about them, we kind of take that history away for future generations to learn from," Dreese said.
While all of Michael Dreese's other books are still available on Amazon, you can only buy This Flag Never Goes Down in Gettysburg at the gift shop or through the publisher, Thomas Publications.
Holtwaye ArtSpace is a new gallery space which opened towards the end of June. Located on the adult-rated region of Holtwaye, the gallery is co-managed by Waynenz, who is also responsible for the beautiful Toru, the Enchanted Forest (and now apparently closed), which I last visited in February 2014, and Holter, who took charge of curating the gallery's inaugural exhibition.
This opening exhibition features a mix of art, sculpture and media pieces by Tomais Ashdene, Chuckmatrix Clip, Awesome Fallen, Fordis Flores, JJ Goodman, Fuschia Nightfire, Bryn Oh and Wanenz himself, presented in a gallery space which is itself a modern statement of art, designed by WayneNZ.
Fuschia Nightfire's Art of the Artists perhaps sits as the centrepiece to the exhibition, and requires media streaming to be enabled. Doing so will initiate a machinima created by Nina Chaplin featuring a montage of ever-changing scenes of paintings by Nina of SL art installations featured at the UWA by Claudia222 Jewell, Cherry Manga, Nish Map, Sledge Roffo and Fuschia herself, all of which are played on and through a set built by Fuschia, and set to the music of Obisdia.
Bryn Oh presents a mix of images and sculptures from her own installations, and Chuckmatrix Clip also presents a number of his sculptures (do note that some of the works by Chuckmatrix and Bryn are also displayed outside of the gallery building). Awesome Fallen and Tomais Ashdene present two exhibits of images entitled El Principio and Olio respectively. Waynenz has both a display of his own, a selection of digital art using typeface entitled Unleashed, and also teams-up with Fordis Flores and JJ Goodman to present a collaborative digital comic using SL-based photography.
This is a fascinating inaugural exhibition for what is, as I've mentioned, a very stylish and engaging gallery which makes fabulous use of space to present series of exhibit areas suited to a variety of uses. I look forward to further visits in the future.
Related Links
Advertisements
Former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page says he will invoke his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination to avoid turning over documents to the Senate Intelligence Committee as part of its investigation into Russian interference in the presidential campaign.
Page, a New York-based energy consultant, confirmed to The Daily Caller on Tuesday night that he will plead the Fifth in order to avoid a “perjury trap” he believes lies in wait for him if he meets with the committee.
Politico first reported earlier Tuesday that Page had informed the committee of his plans to invoke his constitutional privilege.
Page is of interest to federal and congressional investigators because of allegations laid out against him in the infamous anti-Trump dossier compiled last year by former British spy Christopher Steele. In the document, Steele alleged that Page worked with former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort to coordinate with Russian operatives to help the campaign.
But Page, who joined the campaign last March as a volunteer, has denied the allegations made in the Steele document, which he calls the “dodgy dossier.” He says that he has never met Donald Trump or Manafort.
Page, who has done business in Moscow, defended his decision to plead the Fifth, saying that he has offered to testify publicly at a hearing that the committee has scheduled for Nov. 1. A former naval officer, Page has offered to testify publicly before the committee on several occasions. But so far during its investigation, the committee has first met privately with its witnesses — a list which includes several former Trump campaign officials.
Page says that his decision to eschew cooperation with the committee is a “response to their request for a vast array of documents that are completely beyond the charter of the investigation.” He asserted that the committee “should already have access” to the information that it is seeking “given the illegal wiretaps against me.” Page's reference is to a surveillance warrant obtained against him by the FBI last September, just after he left the campaign. Investigators reportedly relied on allegations from the dossier to obtain the warrant.
“I'm trying to avoid a massive perjury trap, since the government obviously has much more detailed records and data processing capabilities than I do,” Page told TheDC.
A spokesperson for the Senate Intelligence Committee declined to comment on Page's decision to plead the Fifth.
It is unclear what steps the panel will take, though last week, North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, the chairman of the committee, said that the committee will take all steps necessary to compel testimony from desired witnesses.
Asked whether he has met with Special Counsel Robert Mueller as part of his investigation into Russian interference, Page told TheDC, “no comment.”
NO END IN SIGHT FOR COLLUSION INVESTIGATION:
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Opinion - Something very bad is happening around the group of drugs we refer to as "synthetic cannabis", and it's happening right out in the open. The community worst affected is the one you can see in public - Auckland's street people.
Photo: RNZ / Diego Opatowski
Auckland City Missioner Chris Farrelly has confirmed that the mission is seeing violent behaviour in clients who have never been violent before and speculated that synthetic cannabis was being "spiked" with something else.
That's possible. Faced with seven deaths in the past month, some Auckland heath officials have been considering the possibility that fentanyl, the potent synthetic opioid responsible for thousands of overdose deaths in North America and now being manufactured by Mexican cartels, may have arrived on New Zealand streets.
That would be very alarming, but in line with the experience in Canada, where fentanyl has been detected in every recreational drug bar natural cannabis.
But it's important to understand that "synthetic cannabis" is not, and never has been, just one drug.
The drugs briefly permitted for regulated sale under the Psychoactive Substances Act in 2013 were not the same as some of the (generally more benign) drugs that were sold in shops for years - and progressively banned - before the Act.
And whatever is in street "synnies" now is clearly something different to what was sold in 2013.
These chemicals have two things in common. The first is that they're mixed with acetone and sprayed on vegetable material for smoking. The second is that they're all cannabimimetics - that is, they act on the same CB1 and CB2 receptors in the brain as cannabis does.
Not all cannabimetics are bad - technically, paracetamol is one - but the ones sprayed on herbs are full agonists for the receptors. That means their effect is far stronger and less predictable than that of the THC in cannabis.
What we're seeing may well simply be a new and more dangerous cannabimimetic. It's a poorly-understood class of drugs and rapid dependence, unpredictable behaviour and sudden loss of consciousness have all been observed before in "synthetic cannabis" users. It might be a familiar chemical in a far higher dose.
Or it might be something else altogether. We just don't know.
Photo: RNZ / Claire Eastham-Farrelly
But there is one party in a position to find out - the police. Last week's joint statement from the Chief Coroner and police contained lots of arm-waving about how "tests conducted of the synthetic cannabis itself have shown that it can be very dangerous, with the possibility that some products can also be laced with other unknown chemicals".
But the police have access to a place that can almost always identify "unknown" chemicals - ESR. Even if a chemical is so unfamiliar that there is no reference profile in ESR's library, its scientists can still make an informed guess as to its nature.
Two years ago, I interviewed ESR scientists who told me that they were seeing "significantly more" cannabimimetics in testing for police and Customs than they had before the amendment to the Psychoactive Substances Act pre-emptively banned all new psychoactive substances. And they were overwhelmingly chemicals they hadn't seen before, rather than those that had been sold before the ban.
That interview got the scientists in some trouble, because the government's position - and that of the minister, Peter Dunne - was that the only synthetic cannabis products on the black market were those stockpiled from the legal retail period. Clearly, that wasn't true.
So this has been coming for a while - ever since the ban, in fact. We've gone from unregulated sale in dairies, to regulated sale under an Act that was imperfect but at least offered some control over the products, to the open slather of the street.
This isn't going to be easy to fix. This is a class of drugs that isn't really amenable to regulation - and yet, the harm the drugs cause is now far greater than anything that occurred when they were legal and regulated.
Legalising natural cannabis isn't a quick fix either. Perhaps if 10 years ago natural cannabis had been legalised, the synthetic market would never have developed. Perhaps. But in California, where weed is as good as legal, synthetic cannabis products still take a toll - and they take it on the same sector as they do here: the homeless and itinerant.
What would help, for now, is for police to stop being cute and release their test data.
Systems for getting police test results to the doctors who need it have long been poor - and the general public is usually entirely in the dark. That's just not good enough any more.
We are in the midst of an acute public health emergency - one that demands full transparency.
Russell Brown is an Auckland-based journalist for Public Address and drug law reform advocate.
Colorado (CNN)-
By the time he hit 327 pounds, Robert Foster had been playing “the fat guy” for decades. His size was the thing that made him stand out.
Publicly, he embraced his lifestyle as a “BBQ-lovin', beef-eatin', no-veggie-buyin'” male who wore T-shirts flaunting his hefty size. There was a particularly perverse one, he says looking back on it, which read “I beat anorexia.”
Privately, he was resentful that he wasn't thinner. He felt angry when he couldn't bear to take his four little girls to the park because he was too exhausted from unloading groceries. He resented being told he was too big for the seat-belt latch on amusement park rides.
His wife, Jessica, was also obese, at 287 pounds. Unlike Rob, she felt invisible. Customers at the bank where she worked stared past her as they made their transactions. In late 2011, a close family member made a comment at the dinner table that stuck with her:
“She used to be something to look at. Not anymore.”
In late March 2012, the Colorado couple had an emotional conversation. Jess was coming up on her 30th birthday and was sick of the way she looked and felt. They had had talks like this before, where they talked about needing to change, but something was different that night.
“I adore my kids and I love my husband very much, but there was that point I hated myself so much. I wasn't giving them the full me because I was disgusted,” Jess said. “You have to look in the mirror and say, ‘Am I going to allow this to continue or am I going to stand up and make those changes?' A light turned on upstairs.”
The next week, she began taking Zumba classes. In just a few weeks, she had lost 14 pounds — enough to motivate her to take on new physical challenges. She moved on to bikes and treadmills and made sure to sweat for an hour at least three times a week. After that, there was no turning back, she said.
Rob was a little slower to change — the thought of going for a run was “unappealing to the point of agony” — but he started playing tennis and stopped taking seconds at dinner.
READ MORE: The Emotional Journey from Overweight too Underweight to ‘Happy Weight'
In the summer of 2012, they added other physical activities that didn't feel like working out, like hiking and recreational swimming with their kids and friends. They got hooked on the physical highs and wanted to do more.
Rob joined Jess in training for a 5-kilometer race that December. He walked as much as he ran, and Jess finished way ahead of him. But something in him changed.
“The race environment and the high fives and the feeling of accomplishment became addicting to me,” he said. “After that day, I swore I would work to run a 5k without slowing to a walk.”
In Rob's words, “it got crazy from there.”
The more he ran, the more he felt he needed to run. When he put on his sneakers and took off, “I felt like my whole life was skyrocketing upward,” he said.
A few months after that first 5k, he ran his second, this time without walking. Then he did his first 10-mile run. And in May 2014, he ran his first marathon. By then he was 160 pounds lighter.
Throughout the process, the couple used a calorie-counting app to keep track of everything they ate. They knew they wanted to break their family's cycle of unhealthy relationships with food while their children were still young.
“It got to the point where we realized it didn't matter what we fed them,” Rob said. “If we weren't eating the same way or if we were overeating, they were going to follow our example.”
The Fosters began shopping only the periphery of grocery stores, never entering the aisles unless it was for cereal. They added more fruits, vegetables and lean white meats and fish. They also began cooking everything they ate from scratch, including breads, dressings and sauces.
“Our whole philosophy towards food was adding good things,” Rob said. “What we found was, the more and more good things we added, the less we craved the garbage.”
After months of a diet rich in whole grains, green vegetables and lean meats, they recently made the decision to go vegan for health, environmental and ethical reasons.
Rob and Jess now each weigh 167 pounds, down a collective 280 pounds. Jessica has lost 120 pounds from the start of their journey; Rob has lost 160. They feel healthier, happier and ready to tackle the world.
Rob, a former bank branch manager, has gone back to college to pursue a bachelor's degree in integrative physiology with the goal of entering medical school. This May, he completed his first year of college.
He's not “the fat guy” anymore, and he's fine with that.
READ MORE: From 5XL to XL in a Year: How One Man Got His Life Back
Jess feels pretty great, too. Now a size 10, down from size 24, she's still getting used to people paying attention to her. She re-entered the workforce in July 2013 after five years as a stay-at-home mom and was surprised at the difference in how people treated her.
“A lot of people became very friendly and were really looking at me in my face, instead of this blank stare. … And obviously, the opposite sex was more playful, always complimentary. I never had that. Never, ever, ever,” she said.
“I love myself. I like what I'm seeing in the mirror. I know there's some work to still be done, but I'm such a different person than I was before.”
By Daphne Sashin
Rock N Roll Consciousness is now available at your local record store or click:
https://ThurstonMoore.lnk.to/RockNRollConsciousnessSo
Direct: http://thurstonmoore.kungfustore.com/
Thurston Moore — 2018 Tour Dates
12/4 The New School's Glass Box Theatre New York, NY
12/5 The New School's Glass Box Theatre New York, NY
12/6 The New School's Glass Box Theatre New York, NY
12/7 The New School's Glass Box Theatre New York, NY
12/8 The New School's Glass Box Theatre New York, NY
Read More: Thurston Moore releases new single “Cease Fire,” announces tour | http://www.brooklynvegan.com/thurston-moore-releases-new-single-cease-fire-announces-tour/?trackback=tsmclip
We Sing A New Language: The Oral Discography Of Thurston Moore – Released On March 13
“We Sing A New Language” represents the first attempt made to draw together and comprehend the solo and collaborative works of Thurston Moore, outside of the Sonic Youth. Through the testimony of 170 friends and fellow musicians, the book describes the stories and inspirations behind over 200 releases Thurston has been featured on. The book features an extensive section detailing the biographies of the participants and the most extensive published discography of Thurston's works yet seen http://smarturl.it/TMSingNew
Thurston's new book “Stereo Sanctity: Lyrics & Poems” (Ecstatic Peace Library/Rough Trade) is out and available exclusively at Rough Trade and is their “Book of the Month”.
http://roughtrade.com/events/2015/10/1566
The Best Day – Thurston Moore – LP/CD
Listen to a stream of The Best Day now at NPR in N. America or at The Guardian in Europe.
Out now the latest solo album from Sonic Youth co-founder Thurston Moore, ‘The Best Day'. Recorded in London with his new band — featuring guitarist James Sedwards (Nøught), bassist Deb Googe (My Bloody Valentine) and SY drummer Steve Shelley, ‘The Best Day' is a staggeringly confident, expansive work, one that not only rivals much of Moore's past work, but also suggests his relocation to England has inspired a creative rebirth of sorts. Keep in mind, we're already dealing with one of the harder working, prolific characters in modern music, rock or otherwise. Listen to the song ‘The Best Day'.
The Best Day Track Listing:
1. Speak To The Wild
2. Forevermore
3. Tape
4. The Best Day
5. Detonation
6. Vocabularies
7. Grace Lake
8. Germs Burn
Showing a familiar combination of pace, control and vision that has tormented defences across Europe, Messi scores a series of spectacular goal while playing for Santa Fe in a representative competition in Peru.
If ever there was a portent for things to come, this is it.
Last night, Messi carved another piece of history in his remarkable career by surpassing Gerd Muller's record of 85 goals in a calendar year.
The Argentine scored both of Barcelona's goals in a 2-1 win at Real Betis to beat the 40-year-old record.
"The record is great for what it means, but the most important thing is that the team won and that we maintained the distance with the teams behind us," Messi said.
"When the year starts the objective is to win it all with the team, personal records are secondary."
But he added: "I'll try to score more goals to make it more difficult for the next player that tries to break it."
Are our thoughts shaped by language? Is our understanding of a tangible world determined by something so otherworldly as vocabulary and grammar? Of all the lines of inquiry a psycholinguist can pursue, this is certainly among the sexiest: philosophically and intuitively compelling, yet fraught with controversy. Simply mentioning Whorfianism (alternatively known as the Whorfian Hypothesis, the principle of linguistic relativism, or “that idiotic notion that language shapes thought”) can elicit eye rolls from many older, stauncher researchers, those who have witnessed both the triumphant claims put forth by Whorfians and the “failure to replicate” publications that have trailed those claims like toilet paper on a shoe.
At its boldest, Whorfianism holds that our thoughts are limited by the language we speak. Suppose you live in Brazil and are a speaker of Pirahã, a language without words for exact numbers. Because there is no word for, say, 13, the concept that 13 is exactly one fewer than 14 and one more than 12 is foreign to you: when confronted with two piles of gold coins, one containing 12 coins and the other containing 13, no amount of counting or rearranging the coins could help you choose the bigger pile, or determine how many coins the two piles differed by.
Or perhaps your language doesn't specify tense (e.g., past, present) in every grammatical sentence. Then you probably do not conceive of events as occurring in time, at least not as often or as rigidly as English speakers do. Injuries heal, storms pass, and weddings are celebrated in a strange, eternal present. Planning ahead is exceedingly difficult. Or let's say you're a deaf child born to hearing parents in an isolated village, your language consisting solely of the fixed signs for More milk or Go to bed that you and your family have cobbled together over the years. Because you have been deprived of a true native language, with all of its complexity, your thoughts and feelings themselves lack complexity.
These conclusions, representative of a strong Whorfian view, will likely strike you as odd, as they do psycholinguists. And it turns out that a strong Whorfian view is a bit of a straw man these days, generally appearing in academic debates only to make its alternative, a weak Whorfian view, seem entirely reasonable—so reasonable as to be mundane.
Perhaps the weakest Whorfian view holds that language subtly shapes how objects and events in the world are categorized. If your language has a word for, say, schadenfreude, you might later remember two distinct events that evoked this emotion in you as being more similar than if there were no words to describe them. But as Harvard psychologist Steven Pinker and others have pointed out, this in itself isn't particularly remarkable. Memory researchers have long understood that category membership influences memory: you would probably also describe two people wearing a red shirt, or sharing the same common last name, as more similar than two people wearing different colored shirts, or having different last names, especially if they were otherwise quite different people and similarities were hard to come by.
Likewise, if you have a term for the color turquoise in your language—and thus a readily available category name to access upon seeing the color—your memory for whether a paint chip you saw an hour ago was emerald or turquoise will be stronger than if you simply have the broader term green. This, too, is not particularly exciting. Having an accessible category name provides you with an additional cue to use when attempting to retrieve information about the paint chip. It certainly doesn't mean that you don't see or understand the color turquoise. Indeed, it would be surprising if having a go-to label for certain features did not enhance memory for them.
On the one hand, then, is a fascinating, if data-defying, straw man theory. On the other is a replicable, but hardly groundbreaking, words-as-category-markers effect. Is there anything in between? Next week I'll talk about an intriguing study that argues, yes, there is.
Negotiations between the University of Washington and Seattle City Hall over redeveloping Rainier Square offer a rare look at the anatomy of a deal and raises the question: Did the city leave millions in affordable-housing fees on the table?
Stand at the corner of Fifth Avenue and University Street in downtown Seattle and you're on University of Washington property. Drive along these blocks and the same is true.
Through a quirk of history, these holdings gave the UW a strategic edge in long-running negotiations with City Hall over the university's Rainier Square property, where a 58-story, boot-shaped tower and a smaller hotel are planned, awaiting permits.
In a deal that mixed law and politics, the city may have left millions in fees for affordable housing on the table, at a time when city leaders are scrambling to respond to what they call a housing crisis.
The UW's goal in Rainier Square was simple, according to emails from city planning director Diane Sugimura: Maximize the project's footprint so the UW could reduce the amount its developer paid in fees for affordable housing.
City officials balked at first, and even dared the UW to play hardball, saying the university risked a public backlash.
But the city ended up conceding to the UW's legal arguments and struck an agreement both sides say is balanced in the public interest. University executives dispute Sugimura's characterization of their motives, saying they didn't object to affordable-housing fees. But they don't disagree that they wanted and needed to squeeze the most financial value out of their downtown assets.
The Rainier Square deal points to what some see as a problem with the city's “bonus” policy of giving builders extra height in exchange for their payments to a fund for affordable housing.
City Councilmember Mike O'Brien has requested an audit of the program because of questions about fees from Rainier Square and another downtown development.
The project will pay $7.5 million for affordable housing and child care, and another $4.2 million to a county fund to preserve rural land, according to Rainier Square developer Wright Runstad & Company.
A union representing hotel workers says that's not enough and contends the city lost another $15 million for affordable housing by letting the UW “gerrymander” the development boundaries.
“The university is acting as a developer in downtown Seattle and should play by the same rules that any other developer does,” said Stefan Moritz, director of strategic affairs for Unite Here Local 8.
UW and city officials say the union's view ignores history and the unique nature of the UW's downtown property. That is what dictated the deal.
Historical perspective
Long before Washington was a state, in 1861 several of Seattle's founders gifted a 10-acre forested patch called Denny's Knoll to a new territorial university. That patch, known as the Metropolitan Tract, gave rise to the first UW campus where the Fairmont Olympic Hotel now stands, across University Street from Rainier Square.
The campus moved in 1895 to its current Montlake home, 3.5 miles north. The university began making money by leasing the Metropolitan Tract. The land now brings in about $10 million a year for UW property maintenance, construction and acquisition, said UW Associate Vice President Norm Arkans.
Along the way, an odd bit of history surfaced in the tract. The city gained control of Fourth Avenue in the early 1900s through eminent domain, or condemnation. But for reasons that remain unclear the city never acquired sections of Fifth Avenue and University Street within the tract — a decision now looming over Rainier Square.
The UW used the streets as key leverage in negotiations, according to city officials.
Sugimura wrote an email to her boss, then-Deputy Mayor Tim Ceis, in 2008 saying the UW wanted the city to interpret the tract as one undivided lot, streets and all. That novel argument would benefit the UW in calculating the development footprint, or base.
The UW even wanted to include the Skinner Building across the street (also in the tract), and an alley behind it, in crucial calculations.
The bigger the base, the logic went, the more square footage a developer could build before triggering affordable-housing fees under the city's formula. “Otherwise,” Sugimura wrote in the email, the UW's strategy was, “We will charge you for the use of ‘our' streets, at their calculation of $3.5 million a year!!!”
Ceis, who ran day-to-day City Hall operations for Mayor Greg Nickels, sounded defiant in an email to Sugimura. “Let them know that I would personally love it if they decided to publically [sic] try and charge us for the use of the streets. I think there might be a bit of a public backlash against them.”
Ceis, whose City Hall nickname was “The Shark,” even threw down some counter-demands. He wanted the UW's help in developing affordable housing at the old Sand Point Naval Air Station. Another request: “Fix the damn 5th Avenue garage. It is an eyesore,” he wrote.
The city got neither. Instead, it ended up agreeing with the UW's main argument.
Project's footprint
What happened?
Sugimura and Ceis, now a consultant to Wright Runstad, explain it similarly. The city interpreted the whole tract as one undivided lot, allowing the UW to count the streets and more toward the project's footprint.
The university held a heavy hammer in negotiations. Because the UW owned development rights for the land under Fifth Avenue and University Street, it could make the city compensate it, one way or another, for using those streets, Ceis said.
The deal met several objectives, Arkans, of the UW, and Ceis said. It would revitalize Rainier Square, allow the city to continue using the streets at no charge, and contribute millions for public benefits.
Despite what city officials said, Arkans maintained that records do not show the UW opposing affordable-housing fees. He said the UW's goal was to put together an attractive proposal to get an “underperforming” parcel developed. It was obliged to do so because of its public-education mission, he said. The UW also argued, according to city officials, that it already provides a lot of affordable housing — called dorms.
“What you're looking at is the record of a deal,” Arkans said. “It got done, I think to everyone's satisfaction. It's sausage-making with the city.”
Local 8's Moritz wonders what may happen in five years when the street-use agreement expires. The UW holds options for two 10-year extensions. Moritz is concerned the UW could use the streets again as leverage.
That won't happen, Ceis said, because no similar development opportunity is left in the Metropolitan Tract.
It won't happen in the University District, either, where the city is planning to allow more dense development, said Theresa Doherty, UW senior project director. “Whatever we do in the U District will conform to the land-use code,” Doherty said.
Taking another look
Had the UW been held to a strict interpretation of project boundaries, Local 8 calculates that its Rainier Square developer would pay $22.5 million instead of $7.5 million in city fees for housing and child care.
The union's interests in the project are twofold, Moritz said. It wants the new hotel planned for the square to hire union workers. But affordable housing is also important to its members, particularly those who work in Seattle but can't afford to live there, he said.
Arkans said he didn't know how the union arrived at its numbers and wouldn't critique specific figures. The union's analysis, he said, is “an interesting exercise but it distorts history.”
The union knows the history well, Moritz responds, from examining a trail of records that offers a look at the anatomy of a deal. With affordable housing such a hot issue in Seattle — a steamy Town Hall was packed for a rent-control debate last month — Moritz says city officials should revisit the Rainier Square deal formalized in 2010 before issuing a permit for the project.
“I think we owe it to ourselves to take another look at that,” he said.
The union's watchdogging on this and another development played a part, council member O'Brien said, in his request for an audit of the city's zoning program.
It's not clear, O'Brien said, how closely city auditors might look at the Rainier Square deal — and whether the project will be re-examined by city officials.
But O'Brien, chair of the council's land-use committee, said the planning department may have too much discretion in how it interprets such cases.
He acknowledged that Rainier Square may be a “one-of-a-kind deal” because the UW owns the streets. “But I want to be crystal clear with the department,” he said, “that if you have any discretion, the council's intent is to have you maximize affordable-housing fees.”
The National Association of Black Journalists has requested a meeting with NBC News to discuss the exit of Tamron Hall and what it called the “whitewashing” of the network's “Today” morning show with plans to replace Hall and Al Roker as co-hosts of the 9 a.m. hour with former Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly.
In a statement to TheWrap, the network refuted the charge but did not indicate whether execs would meet with the NABJ. “NBC News has a long and proven history as an industry leader in newsroom diversity,” the statement read. “We will continue to engage in the running dialogue we've had for many years with the National Association of Black Journalists and other advocacy groups to advance those goals.”
In its own statement, the NABJ noted that “NBC has been a leader for diversity in broadcasting” but expressed concerns that the optics of replacing two African American broadcast veterans with a white woman “are being seen by industry professionals as whitewashing.”
Also Read: Inside the Tamron Hall-Megyn Kelly Shakeup at NBC's 'Today'
Hall decided to leave NBC on Wednesday after her 9 a.m. hour of the “Today” show was canceled and she failed to come to an agreement on a new multi-year, multi-million dollar contract. The offer included a role in the flagship 7-9 a.m. timeslot of “Today” as well as a show on MSNBC, according to network reps.
Roker will continue to host the 9 a.m. hour until the fall when Kelly's new show is expected to debut. Hall's last day on air was Tuesday.
Also Read: Schwarzenegger Fires Back at Trump's 'Pray for Arnold' Dig (Video)
“Roker tweeted last week that the show leads the ratings in its time slot and consistently beats its competition,” the NABJ said. “This achievement deserves praise, not punishment, as replacing talent often is associated with low ratings performance.”
In addition, the NABJ expressed concern about some of Kelly's more provocative statements on race issues. “Kelly has a well-documented history of offensive remarks regarding people of color,” the group's statement said. “On ‘The Kelly File,' her Fox News show, the host said then-First Lady Michelle Obama's commencement address at Tuskegee University pandered to a ‘culture of victimization.'”
Also Read: Tamron Hall Fans Trash NBC for 'Today' Exit: 'Not a Good Way to Start Black History Month'
It should be noted that NBC “Nightly News” anchor Lester Holt, who is also black, was NABJ's “Journalist of the Year” last year.
The statement continued: “While NABJ wishes Hall well on her next move, NABJ requests a meeting with NBC leadership on the top-rated show's dismantling. We look forward to dialogue and resolve regarding black journalists and their continuing roles at NBC both in front and behind the camera.”
Mike Moon (YouTube)
Missouri state Rep. Mike Moon (R) argued this week that he had the right “as a former embryo” to strip abortion rights from women.
On Tuesday, Missouri's House Committee on Children and Families debated House Joint Resolution 98, a personhood measure that would ban abortion by adding constitutional protections for “unborn human children at every stage of biological development.”
Although opponents of the bill pointed out that it would likely be struck down based on the U.S. Supreme Court's 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling, Moon insisted that fetuses should be offered constitutional protections afforded to all citizens.
According to the Missourian, Moon showed the committee a video of a fetus that had developed human characteristics like hands and a face.
“A precious sight, I think most of us would agree,” Moon said of the image. “The more you look at that, the more you have to realize that that is a human being.”
After comparing abortion to the enslavement of African-Americans, Moon reportedly drew laughter from the room when he revealed the foundation of his knowledge of human reproduction.
“As a former embryo myself, I would like protection for all embryos,” he declared.
But St. Louis family physician Ed Weisbart testified that there was no scientific consensus about when life began.
“I know there's nothing I can say today that will alter your opinion about when life begins,” Weisbart told the committee. “But I'm hopeful I can convince you that unlike what we've heard recently, this is just an opinion and not a scientific fact.”
Louis Pasteur was the first to describe the antibacterial effect of onion and garlic juices. Historically, garlic has been used worldwide to fight bacterial infections. Allium vegetables, particularly garlic (Allium sativum L.) exhibit a broad antibiotic spectrum against both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. Noteworthy results published include the following: 1) raw juice of garlic was found to be effective against many common pathogenic bacteria-intestinal bacteria, which are responsible for diarrhea in humans and animals; 2) garlic is effective even against those strains that have become resistant to antibiotics; 3) the combination of garlic with antibiotics leads to partial or total synergism; 4) complete lack of resistance has been observed repeatedly; 5) even toxin production by microorganisms is prevented by garlic. Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) is a bacterium implicated in the etiology of stomach cancer and ulcers. The incidence of stomach cancer is lower in populations with a high intake of allium vegetables. We have demonstrated in vitro that H. pylori is susceptible to garlic extract at a fairly moderate concentration. Even some antibiotic-resistant H. pylori strains are susceptible to garlic. Clinical trials are necessary to explore the possibility of using garlic as a low-cost remedy for eradicating H. pylori.
I'm sure most of you were expecting to hear from me regarding the Luis Robert situation this morning, but I don't really have all that much to say about it, honestly. Just another missed opportunity that I don't think the organisation can afford. Whether the Cards' offer simply wasn't as good as the White Sox's, or if Robert preferred to go to the club that already has Yoan Moncada on the way as a potential cornerstone player of Cuban descent, the end result is the same. The Cards had a chance to add a young, dynamic talent who is easily a top 50 prospect right out of the gate, and probably a top 25, and they didn't.
We can disagree on how and where the Cardinals should spend their money, obviously, but I think we should all be able to mostly agree that the fact payroll takes up so much smaller a percentage of revenues now than, say, ten years ago is less than ideal. I admire the Redbird front office for the most part for the kind of disciplined, intelligent approach they take to the game, and the long-term results speak for themselves. However, it's hard not to see this franchise as, at the very least, in a transitional period, even if you don't subscribe to the notion they're on a definite downward trajectory.
In the end, I pay my cable bill and buy tickets and go to games and write about this shit because I like baseball. I do not do any of those things because I enjoy seeing math done really accurately. So sure, WAR/$ leaderboards are nice indications that things are being done intelligently. They don't make me want to go to the ballgame.
Seeing horrifically stupid baserunners make the first out of an inning at third base doesn't make me want to go to the ballgame either, for the record. Do the Cardinals just have a bunch of dumb players? I mean, seriously. Why does this team do so many stupid things?
Anyhow, while I'm not going to go into depth about Robert, I did want to talk about some minor league stuff today, and was planning on focusing on Mark Montgomery, a reliever in the Cards' system who has been very good this season and seems like a pretty safe bet to show up in the big leagues at some point this year.
However, late yesterday afternoon, the Cardinals finally made a move regarding Matt Adams, sending the former starting first baseman to the Atlanta Braves in exchange for a first base prospect by the name of Juan Yepez, and suddenly I had a double workload, and two players who are completely unrelated to talk about.
But that's okay; ‘completely unrelated' is my middle name. I mean, it's not literally; my parents weren't monsters. But you know what I'm saying.
So anyhow, let's first get to a little info on Juan Yepez. First, a disclaimer that I don't know players from other farm systems nearly as well as I do the Cards', and thus am I working off much less considered observation. I reserve the right to change my mind down the road.
However, I was aware of Yepez beforehand, and even liked him a little, so in this case I lucked out in terms of the Cards getting someone about whom I had already formulated the least a partial opinion.
And that opinion, particularly in the context of Matt Adams, who really didn't fit this roster basically at all — or at least was a really poor fit and not offering much in the way of real value — is that the Cardinals did a really nice job pulling a piece with some intriguing potential.
Yepez is nineteen years old, and will be for the whole season. He's Venezuelan, which is really neither here nor there, and is playing his third season in the minor leagues currently. Two years ago, he crushed the ball in the Appalachian League, posting a .370 BABIP as a seventeen year old. Now, you may be thinking a high BABIP is a weird thing to be calling out as a positive, considering it's a stat we usually look at very early in the process of trying to decide why a given result is liable to go the regression route. However, there's a funny thing about that, which is that, especially in the low minors, a high BABIP is actually a pretty decent indication of future success. Not always, obviously, but at lower levels it's much more possible for a difference in talent to manifest itself as a high BABIP, rather than being a red flag for regression the way it usually is in the bigs. When everyone is the best in the world, certain numbers only vary so much. When the variance is greater, it's a little less predictable.
Specifically, I saw Yepez play a little against Johnson City, and was impressed by how consistently hard he hit the ball, even to the opposite field. He's got a bit of a Trevor Story in his swing, and the bat stays in the zone a long time. At the time it didn't seem like he had a ton of loft in his swing, and I will say I haven't seen enough of him since that time to know if he's changed the swing plane much, so I assume that's probably still a bit of a question.
As for position, the Braves tried Yepez at third base and first both, and I think he probably profiles at first long term. Obviously, that puts a high degree of pressure on the bat if he can only play that most lowly of positions, but I think that's going to be the case.
He missed quite a bit of time last year with an oblique injury, which cost him some development time, but not enough to be a long term concern for me. What's more of a concern is how little patience he's shown at the plate since moving up to full-season ball. He has very good power potential, so perhaps down the road pitchers will be forced to treat him carefully, but he's an aggressive hitter with enough swing and miss to his game that it worries me a bit.
Overall, this is a pure bet on the bat of Yepez, and I mostly like the bet. There's a lot of development that needs to happen, but if you want a minor leaguer with a knack for loud contact, he's a pretty good start. And for a guy like Adams, who really wasn't contributing to the Cards' current roster (and that's not a shot at Big City; just the reality of how this roster is constructed and his personal limitations), I like this bet. The Cardinals could have gone for a relief fix or a less-intriguing lottery ticket, but they kicked in some cash to the Braves and pulled a player I'm at least a little optimistic about.
via minorleaguebaseball:
As for Mark Montgomery, the other minor leaguer I wanted to talk about today, he's maybe one of the most interesting players in the whole of the Cards' minor leagues right now, largely because of how the major league bullpen is shaping up, and the opportunities that are almost certainly going to be there all year.
You may or may not have heard of Montgomery; most prospect mavens are probably pretty familiar with him, specifically the Yankee version that was supposed to take over from David Robertson a few years back. At the time, Montgomery was a hard throwing righthander with an absolutely devastating slider he could reshape pretty much at will, from near-curve to near-cutter, and was pretty much untouchable regardless.
Well, between then and now, Montgomery has had some arm troubles, lost a bunch of velocity, gained some of it back, and pretty much through it all pulled two constants along behind him. One, the control has never been anything better than shaky, and two, the slider has always remained untouchable.
That fireballing 2012 version of Montgomery is gone forever; when he first reached Double A would top out at 98, but those days are over. Nowadays he sits about 91, and it's a four-seamer, so we're not talking about a ton of sink or run, either. All the same, he's still got that unbelievable slider, he still manipulates it pretty much at will, and even at 91 with the fastball he's striking out 32.3% of the hitters he's seen this year in Triple A.
What is new, and really intriguing, about Montgomery's performance this year is the fact he seems, at age 26, to have taken a real step forward with his command. Throughout his Yankee tenure, Montgomery routinely walked between 10-14% of the hitters he faced. This season, that number is a stunning 3.3%. If you're doing the math at home, that's nearly a 10:1 strikeout to walk ratio.
He was a victim of a roster crunch at the end of spring training with the Yankees, and ended up released, which may very well have worked out brilliantly for the Cardinals. I don't know if a change in coaching has unlocked something for Montgomery, or if he was simply on the verge of a breakthrough when his clock ran out in the Yankee system, but either way he's looking more and more like a potential shot in the arm for a Redbird bullpen that could use one, badly.
At this point, with his lower velocity, the best comp I can think of for Montgomery might be something like Luke Gregerson, the former Cardinal relief prospect dealt to San Diego in the Khalil Greene trade who became one of the best setup men in the game for several years, and has closed quite capably here and there, including for Team USA in the World Baseball Classic this spring.
As things stand now, the Cardinals have a righty in Jonathan Broxton they really can't trust with anything resembling an important situation, and a lefty in Kevin Siegrist who looked like he was turning it around with a new curveball but has still been extremely shaky this year. Tuivailala has looked better this season, but could still use a little more polish. There are innings, important innings, that need to be thrown.
There's an interesting wrinkle in terms of Montgomery, as well; he's appeared in thirteen games this season for Memphis, but has actually thrown 22 innings. Meaning, of course, that he's averaging well over one inning per outing, as it were, and even went a full three innings earlier this month. Looking at his game log, it's mostly been two inning stints, with a couple of short ones- or two-out fireman jobs scattered in.
What I mean is this: Mark Montgomery has, very interestingly, been throwing those multi-inning Andrew Miller games that everyone keeps clamouring for much of the season for Memphis. Now, what that means in terms of what the Cards might think of him at the big league level is tough to say. However, you have a 26 year old reliever with one plus-plus pitch, striking out better than 30% of the batters he's faced, posting a strikeout to walk ratio of almost 10:1, and primarily working five and six out gigs at Triple A.
In other words, the Cardinals have a really, really intriguing potential weapon sitting in Memphis right now, just waiting for an opportunity. How soon that opportunity could be coming is anyone's guess, but considering there are now two open slots on the 40-man roster following the Adams trade — and neither of those spots is being reserved for a new Cuban signing, by the way — it would seem to me like we have a confluence of events.
Remember Josh Kinney? The slider artist with the funky delivery who made such a positive impact on the Cardinal bullpen way back in 2006 after being called up? He had a great story, as a former indy leaguer who was thinking of accepting a job as a hiking guide before getting signed by the Redbirds, and ended up throwing big time innings against both the Padres and Mets in the ‘06 postseason. Along with Tyler Johnson taking over as the lefty weapon to end all lefty weapons and Adam Wainwright inheriting the closer role from the collapsing Jason Isringhausen, Kinney had a huge role in reshaping what had been an horrific relief corps that year, and that reshaped relief corps was a big part of the Cards' stunning postseason run.
I'm not saying Mark Montgomery is Josh Kinney, set to come up and go on that sort of run. But he is an extremely talented former top prospect who has seemingly made a real jump this year with the Cardinals, and in a position that if the Redbirds wanted to try and reshape this particular bullpen, he would seem to be one of the primary weapons they might try to deploy.
via 2080 Baseball:
The clock ticks. A Labour leadership ballot paper sits on my desk. I have 24 hours to decide. No, not whether I should back Owen Smith. A lukewarm version of Ed Miliband that has failed before is easy to dismiss. A huge chunk of what is now Old Labour simply don't realise that the game changed after the crash of 2008. In a world donated by zombie neo-liberalism, there is no sharing the proceeds of growth route to social democracy anymore. Triangulation, even a left wing version of it, simply doesn't register, while the whole premise of an "own the centre strategy" is defunct. No the problem is whether I can back Jeremy Corbyn again as I did last year?
Just by signalling doubt I can of course hear the fury rising in the throats of self-styled Corbynistas. But maybe hear me out – it might help Jeremy succeed if you do.
This time last year I wrote on this site that I had no illusions in Jeremy as Leader. He never wanted to be leader, hadn't prepared for it and was standing to change the terms of debate not win the vote. All that was clear then and is just as clear now. Instead I was voting for the wave – the surge in energy his leadership had unleashed. What has happened in a year and do I feel the same? I know for so many it's so simple and obvious – that we must simply get behind Jeremy – but for me it feels much more complex.
What then should our realistic expectations be after 12 months in a job he didn't want and wasn't prepared for? Of course we have to register that much of the media and some in the parliamentary party have never accepted his mandate and have behaved badly to say the least. Progress (or is that momentum?) was always going to be tough against so much hostility. But leadership is ultimately about getting round such problems. Clearly within a year and given such hostility obvious public signs of successes are going to be limited. But we should expect that medium to long-term strategies and foundations for political success will start to have been put in place. There are issues of tactics we can of course pick up on - but my worries are deeper, to do with culture rather than competence.
The biggest thing for me is Corbyn's refusal to support proportional representation – which is the litmus test of whether Labour wants to enter the modern world where the future is negotiated rather than imposed. Not just this but he has ruled out an alliance with the SNP, despite the fact that it is blinding obvious that a deal has to be struck both in the interests of Labour if we want to defeat the Tories (and the SNP as it starts to drift without a winnable second referendum on the horizon). And he has again said that he wants to get rid of Caroline Lucas the Green MP in Brighton Pavilion – one of the few bright stars in the political sky. On this he is not only wrong, but massively out of step with his own supporters, 91 per cent of whom in a recent YouGov poll said they wanted an alliance with the Greens. If Labour under Corbyn, like Labour under Miliband, Brown and Blair is going to persist with the myth that the party can conjure a majority and govern effectively on its own amidst all the complexity and diversity of the 21st century, then there is no hope. There will be a progressive alliance or there will be nothing.
This lack of willingness to build alliances outside of Labour is reflected within. The very existence of a list of 14 enemies you want to take out speaks to an old school drive by shooting version of politics that binds elements of the left and right together. It is clinical and instrumental. And the problem is that if you live by the sword you tend to die by it. Retribution begets further retribution and sits oddly with the kinder gentler politics the project proclaims. In the end the only things we can really do it prefigure the word we want to create by being the change we wish to see in the world.
Finally, what about Momentum and the wider social movements? Here there is incredible potential to build a political force capable of transforming British politics but once again it is handled in such a clunky and old-fashioned way. Yes, Corbyn welcomes the role of the social movements but all too often it feels like they exist primarily to serve his parliamentary needs – and not be forces in their own right. It's the same with Momentum – which should be set free of its limited role as the Corbyn Pretorian Guard and be allowed to develop as a radical autonomous group, owned and controlled by its members rather than one person. Politics in the 21st century will be a product of what Compass calls "45 degree politics" – the meeting point of the vertical state/party politics and the horizontal movements. The relationship between the two will always be as tense as it is necessary.
The theme running through all this is trust – can the leadership let go and trust all of its stakeholders – not naively – but as the predominant form of governance instead of control? Lets be honest, this is tough. Corbyn and John McDonnell were treated as pariahs by most of the party for decades. Naturally enough they operated as a small tight clique, their backs to the wall against the world. But you know what John and Jeremy, largely you were right and most of those that dismissed you were wrong. You won, not just the leadership but much of the argument.
But that counts for nothing unless you now start trusting people. You cannot change the party or the country as a tight clique – you have to open out. You now have to be bigger than you former enemies and start building alliances and buy in for your project.
Ironically, people close to the leadership circle warned me not to write this piece as it would make the leadership more hostile to me and therefore reduce any influence I might have. But having worked around Blair, Brown and Miliband, to little if any avail, I know you can't have real influence on their terms – only by saying what you believe to be right. My vote, if I use it, is irrelevant. I want Corbyn to succeed in terms of capitalizing on the space he has helped open up. But to make that happen he has to start trusting people, not least so that the country starts to trust him. Otherwise it's another dead end.
Ultimately though it's not about Jeremy or any leader – it's about us – the wave. Leaders can't betray us or save us – we can only do that for ourselves. Does Jeremy and his team want to facilitate the transformation of Labour and our society in the only way possible – through popular collective participation – or do they want to control and therefore strangle it all? By voting for Jeremy am I voting for yet another controlling politician or someone who trusts the people? The clock ticks.
Today's technology makes slots popular and easy to play.
In the past decade, with the rise of wireless and mobile technology and ever increasing broadband speeds, slot games have become far more accessible than ever before. Players and consumers expect a certain level of instant gratification and slot games provide this by offering quick rewards, straightforward game play, and rules that are easy to understand.
Know your audience and how they want to play.
Some slot game developers have tried to focus on creating exciting new content and the best possible game-playing experience on new technology platforms and devices. Some designers have the foresight and ability to produce and test games on new emerging technologies in the confidence that it will become mainstream to game players in the mid-term.
The best games developers also understand how players' expectations change over time. They've reflected this in the way rewards are presented, and included new innovative features and engaging audio visual content that is able to compete with the world's best entertainment visuals.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - One in five people in the United States visit an emergency room every year, and most of them have health insurance of some kind, according to a U.S. government survey released on Wednesday.
A man stands outside the emergency room of Health Central Hospital in Occoee, Florida December 8, 2009. REUTERS/Scott Audette
The survey contradicts a common perception that emergency rooms are packed with uninsured people and illegal immigrants. It also rejects some claims that people are using the emergency department for routine care — just 10 percent of visits were for non-urgent causes.
“In 2007, approximately one in five persons in the U.S. population had one or more emergency department visits in a 12-month period,” the report from the National Center for Health Statistics reads.
“Among the under-65 population, the uninsured were no more likely than the insured to have had at least one emergency department visit in a 12-month period.”
Tamyra Carroll Garcia and colleagues at the center used two large national surveys of healthcare use in 2007 for their study.
“Since 1996, demand for emergency services in the United States has been rising,” they wrote.
“While the number of emergency departments (EDs) across the country has decreased, the number of ED visits has increased. As a result, EDs are experiencing higher patient volume and overcrowding, and patients seeking care are experiencing longer wait times,” they added.
“As national health care costs continue to rise and policymakers become increasingly interested in ways to make the health care system more efficient, it is important to understand the characteristics of those individuals who use EDs — often in place of other sources of ambulatory care.”
They found that the more income people had, the less likely they were to ever visit an emergency room. People over 75 and blacks were the most likely to visit emergency rooms.
The American College of Emergency Physicians published a survey this month showing that 61 percent of emergency doctors surveyed believe U.S. healthcare reform will send even more people to emergency departments.
Only 1 percent of the 1,800 doctors surveyed thought visits would decrease. And 47 percent said the reforms signed into law in March would worsen overcrowding in emergency rooms.
“It's important to note the report finds that having a usual source of medical care, such as a primary care provider, does not affect the number of times people under age 65 visits the emergency department,” Dr. Angela Gardner, president of the American College of Emergency Physicians, said of Wednesday's report.
I remember it stopping me dead in my tracks. The first time I saw Moto Guzzi's MGX21 prototype, I literally stopped everything I was doing and just stood there—drooling— thinking, there's no way they'll ever build that. And that's a shame. Two years have passed and now here I am, in Sturgis, South Dakota, eyes locked on the production equivalent of that prototype, the MGX21 Flying Fortress. With it, Moto Guzzi have proved me wrong. They've proved a lot of people wrong, actually; they really built it. Not only did Guzzi build the MGX21, but they built it without removing all of the things that made the prototype so special. The lines are the same and the carbon fiber is still there, as are the red accents and that big 21-inch front wheel. Hold for mirrors, turn signals, actual sidebags, and an array of other DOT-mandated pieces, this is the same motorcycle that had completely stolen my attention two years back.
One of the things in this photo is very American, and the other something very Italian that just so happens to be good at doing American things (i.e. cruising). Kevin Wing
Delve into the MGX's specs sheet and you'll realize that it's heavily based off Guzzi's own California platform. But while the 1380cc, 90-degree transverse V-twin engine has gone untouched and produces the same 95 claimed hp and 89 lb-ft. of torque, the frame and associated pieces have been tweaked ever so slightly to accommodate the larger front wheel and anticipated load. As a result, there's a bit more trail than the 1400 Custom, the wheelbase is marginally longer, and the back portion of the frame is altered via gussets that add to the overall load-bearing capacity. Other bits, like new switchgear at the handlebar, add a little something to the overall look, though are easily confused with the switches found on Guzzi's new V9 models. That's not to take anything away from the MGX's fit and finish or the bike's long list of features, which includes everything from a three-level (plus off) traction control system to a 50 watt stereo with MP3 compatibility and smartphone input, and AM/FM radio. There's also electronic cruise control, three separate riding modes, and ABS, which works on a braking system that's now finished off with Brembo brake calipers front and rear—in red. Because color accents.
A closer look at the dash on Moto Guzzi's MGX21. Kevin Wing
All of those pieces, plus the new front fairing, conspire to bring the MGX's curb weight to a claimed 752 pounds, which is something like 10 pounds more than what the California 1400 Touring weighs and 51 pounds more than what the fairing-less 1400 Custom weighs. And while that's painful to write, I'll admit that the only time I really felt the MGX's heft was when picking the bike up off of its sidestand. In normal riding situations, the bike felt capable and light as a bike meant for navigating America's heartlands needs to be. I've ridden a fully dressed Moto Guzzi El Dorado before, as well as an Audace, and would argue that handling is somewhere in between those models; the MGX is not nearly as imbalanced as the El Dorado (which has different geometry) at parking lot speeds, but not quite as composed as the lighter-weight Audace when banked into a corner. Part of the reason for the improved feel in parking-lot-speed situations is owed to the new steering-stabilizer-like piece at the front of the bike, which isn't a steering stabilizer at all, but rather a patent-pending absorber that keeps the bars falling to one side or another in an abrupt manner as you begin to turn them. The resulting feeling takes time to get used to in tight u-turn situations, but I think some of my confidence when pushing the MGX around, compared to other bigger bikes, did indeed come from this stabilizer.
The third button down on this new switch cluster enables you to turn the bike on or off, and caused me a few headaches throughout the day, though I figure if the biggest concern you have with a bike is with the button that gets you riding, you're doing alright. Kevin Wing
The 21-inch front wheel takes a little more time to get used to and does cause a slightly different feeling at the entrance of the corner, but is ultimately pretty easy to forget about, and by lunch we were tipping the MGX into corners with absolute confidence. And as I've found with other Guzzi models, the chassis itself is a true gem, with good overall handling mannerisms through a corner and zero instability. On the MGX specifically, suspension is good, with enough plushness to keep you comfortable on a long ride, but enough firmness to keep the bike from moving around too much. And it all handles imperfections in the road better than any Harley bits I've yet tested. Power does not feel particularly overwhelming (probably because of the extra weight that that the engine is now attempting to push along), but the engine is tractable and fueling is exceptionally smooth. You can experiment with ride modes, but if you're anything like every other speed-loving motorcyclist, you'll probably want to just click over to the more powerful Veloce mode and leave it there. Fortunately, in any mode, there are plenty of character thanks to the pull of that transverse twin. The MGX's performance and overall comfort lends itself to longer days in the saddle, and I really do see you being able to rack up the miles in relative comfort. Sure, at 6-foot-3-inches, I thought the footrests could have been a bit lower for more legroom, but wind protection is decent and the seat is shaped in a way that doesn't have you wanting to crawl out of it every 100 miles or so. Just be careful how much you pack for your longer trips, as the MGX's bags are definitely more meant for style than storing, and can't fit much more than a change of clothes and maybe a jacket or two. I didn't actually put that to the test, mind you, but know that you'll need to have the misses pack light either way. Good luck with that.
I haven't heard a single person say a bad thing about the red accents on the MGX21, and won'e be the first; in my opinion, this is a really good looking motorcycle. Kevin Wing
Worth mentioning here is that Guzzi says the bags are held on by just a handful of bolts, and can be easily removed to give the MGX the same sleek look as the bag-less prototype that it had originally shown. It's in these small design elements, and things like the USB plug at the triple clamp, perfectly concealed by a inconspicuous door, that show Guzzi's attention to detail (though we do wish there was somewhere to store your phone when plugged in, and not just a mount that needed to be purchased as an accessory item. Unfortunately, it's also some of the little things that frustrated me most in my day with the MGX, like the button on the right side of the handlebar used for turning the bike on and off, which almost always took a couple of taps before it was in the position I actually wanted it in. The multi-directional toggle for operating the radio was often frustrating as well, and it's these little things where other manufacturers that have been integrating these types of technologies into their motorcycles for years seem to have an advantage. As for the stereo itself, it's loud enough to keep you entertained at around-town speeds, but not quite strong enough for you to enjoy your country music at 70 mph. Oh wait, I'm the only one riding a Guzzi MGX21 and listening to country. Right...
Ergonomics are good, though at 6-foot-3-inches, I did feel like the footrests could have been placed a little lower for more legroom. The trade-off is good ground clearance. Kevin Wing
All of this is to say that there are small areas for improvement, but not that Moto Guzzi has missed the mark. In fact, if my time on the MGX21 proved anything, it's that the Italian manufacturer did its homework when it sat down and designed this bagger. It looks great, handles well, and is an honest to God great option for people who want a bike in this category but also something that's a little different than what everyone else has (read: a Harley-Davidson). Guzzi says that they plan on reaching a new customer base with the bike, and I really think that with the final product being as good as it is, it will. For me personally, the Flying Fortress is everything I hoped and wanted the MGX21 prototype to be, and I'm just glad Moto Guzzi actually built it. Bradley's Gear Jacket: Oscar Charlie Leather Jacket by Alpinestars
Pants: Oscar Charlie Denim Pant by Alpinestars
Gloves: Oscar Rayburn Leather Glove by Alpinestars
Boots: Oscar Monty Boot by Alpinestars
Helmet: AGV AX-8 EVO NAKED
2017 Moto Guzzi MGX21 Kevin Wing
2017 Moto Guzzi MGX21 Kevin Wing
2017 Moto Guzzi MGX21 Kevin Wing
2017 Moto Guzzi MGX21 Kevin Wing
2017 Moto Guzzi MGX21 Kevin Wing
2017 Moto Guzzi MGX21 Kevin Wing
2017 Moto Guzzi MGX21 Kevin Wing
2017 Moto Guzzi MGX21 Kevin Wing
2017 Moto Guzzi MGX21 Kevin Wing
The Moto Guzzi MGX21 meets Sturgis in our first day on the bike. It's different than the rest, which is exactly what Guzzi wants it to be. Kevin Wing
The Utkal Express accident, that killed over 20 people and injured 97 others in Uttar Pradesh, is the latest in a series of train accidents in India.
At least six coaches of the Puri-Haridwar Utkal Express derailed near Muzaffarnagar in UP on Saturday evening.
According to railway ministry data, accessed from Rajya Sabha replies, and Railways' publications, there were over 450 railway accidents between 2013 and 2017. This has put the ministry under scrutiny.
As Suresh Prabhu's tenure as railway minister started under NDA government, death toll in train accidents rose to 292 in 2014-15 compared to 152 in 2013-14. Although numbers reduced substantially in the following year to 122 (2015-16), the latest data again shows the number of deaths soaring up to 238.
Among these 459 accidents over last four years, 255 were due to derailment of train coaches. In 2016-17 alone, 193 people died in 78 derailment accidents across India.
Last year's end was marked by one of the deadliest accidents in recent years when the Indore-Patna express train derailed near Pukhrayan area in Kanpur resulting in the death of about 150 people. Various causes, including overcrowding and fracture in the railway line, were cited as reasons behind the fatal accident.
BSP chief Mayawati had then taken a jibe at the government by saying that the accident could have been avoided if money spent on bullet train projects was put in the development of railway tracks.
The beginning of 2017 was marred by yet another fatal accident, this time in Andhra Pradesh, as the Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Hirakhand Express got derailed, killing around 40 people and injuring over 100.
Then in March, as many as 52 passengers were injured in Uttar Pradesh where eight bogies of Jabalpur-Nizamuddin Mahakaushal Express derailed.
The maintenance situation of Indian Railways (IR) seems grim. A white paper published by the railway ministry in February 2015 stated:
“IR's network has 1,14,907 km of total track length. Of this, 4,500 km of track should be renewed annually. However, due to financial constraints, the progress in track renewals is constantly coming down over the last six years. As on 01.07.2014, 5,300 km track length is due for renewal. The target for the current year is only 2,100 km. Arrears of track renewal are accumulating which will result in disproportionately high maintenance effort.”
In a written reply to a Rajya Sabha question (dated Aug 11, 2017), the Minister of State for railways, Rajen Gohain, stated that 20 train accidents have taken place at unmanned level crossings, in 2016-17, wherein 40 persons have lost their lives.
March 16 saw one such accident, which killed four women including the mother of a newborn child when a train rammed into an ambulance at an unmanned level crossing in Karnataka.
Last year, the Economic Times reported that Indian Railways has a shortage of over 2 lakh employees, of which more than half the vacancies are in the safety category.
Earlier today, I ran the news about a 100th Anniversary Fantastic Four Special written by James Stokoe. That it seems is just the tip of the iceberg. There is this Amazon listing for a start.
Now, I still don't know what this is to be an 100th anniversary of. But in July, and no doubt to be announced at C2E2, we will have:
A Guardians Of The Galaxy 100th Anniversary Special by Andy Lanning and Gustavo Duarte.
A Spider-Man 100th Anniversary Special by Sean Ryan and In-Hyuk Lee.
An X-Men 100th Anniversary Special by Jen Van and In-Hyuk Lee.
An Avengers 100th Anniversary Special by James Stokoe.
And as we mentioned before, a Fantastic Four 100th Anniversary Special by James Stokoe and Joanna Estep.
Expect to discover more at C2E2. As, hopefully, so will I. Watching it on Twitter.
Lets have another James Stokoe while we're at it.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Flame retardants are found in a variety of household products despite evidence they put people's health at risk. A Tribune investigation looks at how industry has used deceptive tactics to convince the public they're needed.
Flame retardants are found in a variety of household products despite evidence they put people's health at risk. A Tribune investigation looks at how industry has used deceptive tactics to convince the public they're needed.
Hamza Owega, Alex Schula and Moritz Kranz of Mühlner Motorsport took the victory in the Cayman GT4 Trophy by Manthey-Racing at the third round of the VLN endurance championship season. After their successful result at the opening round and a second position in the last race, this marks already the third top three result of the current season for the driver trio.
In the still cool temperatures of the morning, the Belgian team already demonstrated in the timed practice that a brilliant performance was to be expected from them. With a lap time of 8:47,659 minutes, the Mühlner team with start number 979 marked for the first time in the season a time below the 8:48 threshold and could moreover enjoy the additional point for the pole position. With a gap of only 0.8 seconds behind, the winners of VLN race 2, Moritz Gusenbauer and Daniel Bohr (no. 960, Teichmann Racing) were however at eye level.
A thrilling battle between the two favourite teams then began right after the start to the four hour race and over almost the complete race duration, they were shown on the timing monitors with a distance of only a few seconds. The Teichmann crew was in the race lead from lap nine but an accident 30 minutes before the race finish spoiled all their hopes for a second race victory in the season. So Owega/ Schula/ Kranz (#979) were finally able to secure their unchallenged victory after 25 laps.
The podium was completed by the team of start number 941 ”Max“/”Jens“ (GetSpeed Performance) in second place and number 966 Marc Keilwerth/ Marcos Adolfo Vazquez/ Timo Mölig (Mathol Racing) into third position. The fastest lap times of both teams remained below the nine-minute mark but they could not prevent that the additional point for the fastest race lap went to the winning team. The winning car, number 979, won this point with a lap time of 8:52.946 minutes.
Due to their victory, Owega, Schula and Kranz extended their lead in the drivers' classification but there are still six races to come. The next round of the Cayman GT4 Trophy by Manthey-Racing will take place at the 48th Adenauer ADAC Rundstrecken-Trophy on 8th of July 2017.
Bernhard Mühlner (Mühlner Motorsport Team Principle): ”That was not an easy race today, but with the pole position, the fastest race lap and the victory, our result is of course perfect. Moritz Kranz had a bit of traffic in his fastest qualification lap, otherwise he would have been able to achieve a time of 8:44 minutes.”
To mark Canada 150, Globe Style's Clearly Canadian series explores iconic examples of domestic design. A twist of fate, Nathalie Atkinson discovers, means the mystery artist behind the graphic design on cans of Quebec maple syrup is the original Anonymous
The Federation of Quebec Maple Syrup Producers (FPAQ) was formed in 1966. It regulates the industry, enforces quality compliance and standards for the province's 7,300 bulk producers (that's 43 million taps) and maintains the Global Strategic Maple Syrup Reserve. A 2016 Vanity Fair article about the reserve argued FPAQ is more powerful than OPEC – and the author was only half-joking. The Federation sets quotas that control supply and in turn stabilize pricing (infamously enough that a syrup reserve heist became the plot point of an episode of Elementary that aired in January). The charming maple syrup can isn't just a sacred cow, it's a cash cow. Quebec maple syrup accounts for more than 72 per cent of the world's production.
Maple sap is boiled to 66 degrees Brix to become syrup, then sterilized and packaged at 85 C. It's a bit like putting up jam. Hermetically sealed metal cans protect the flavour and hygiene, and give syrup a significantly longer shelf life.
Story continues below advertisement
According to FPAQ spokesperson Caroline Cyr, the design of the iconic can dates back to 1951 when canning maple syrup was a relatively new method. In an effort to promote it to farmers, Quebec's Ministry of Agriculture held a province-wide call for packaging designs. This winning entry went into production and has been lithographed on thousands of cans ever since, but the winner's information was lost. The identity of the artist (and his or her medium) will be a mystery for the ages – like trying to ascertain who gets the credit/blame for inventing poutine. Each manufacturer of maple syrup equipment has its own artwork designs, and this one is managed by canning supplier Dominion & Grimm.
The use of the ridged can is synonymous with how Quebec producers prefer to store their liquid gold. (New England favours tin flasks, whereas Ontario prefers glass bottles or plastic jugs.) The Federation recently surveyed its members about packaging and 70 per cent opted to keep the can.
The familiar red, white and sky blue graphic hits a few grace notes. Although most production is now streamlined with state-of-the-art tubing systems, it's emblematic of nostalgic "le temps des sucres." In the foreground of a Quebec sugarbush winter scene, a farmer of indeterminate gender in barn jacket and cap collects sap by hand from a pail. Behind sits a red-roofed cabane à sucre and a traditional horse-drawn sleigh. A red label placed at a jaunty angle uses a homey cursive script to proclaim the contents, and the design incorporates a blank spot where producers can affix their label. It predates a similarly world-famous wintry pastoral motif – Johnson Brothers "The Friendly Village" tableware – by two years.
Once the syrup is consumed, the can can enjoy a trendy after-life repurposed as a vessel for poured candles or as an evocative pencil holder. The Drake General Store in Toronto uses the design on decorative Canadiana cushions and, for the past several years, well-known Montreal street artist WIA (a.k.a. Whatisadam) has interpreted it in a Pop Art vein as his "Maple Sizzurp" riff on silkscreen prints, socks and stained glass.
Advertising
Children who eat high-calorie, low-nutrition food and avoid eating healthy are at risk of having poor heart health, a new study has suggested.
Seven key health factors and behaviour are used to determine whether a child's cardiovascular health is ideal – not using tobacco products, maintaining a healthy body weight, getting at least 60 minutes per day of moderate to vigorous physical activity, eating a healthy diet as well as having healthy cholesterol, blood pressure and blood glucose levels.
“Engaging in these ideal health behaviours early in life can have a tremendous benefit on maintaining ideal health throughout the lifespan,” said Julia Steinberger, Researcher at the University of Minnesota in the study published in the American Heart Association's journal Circulation.
In the study about 91 per cent children scored poorly on diet measures and found that children aged between 2 to 19 years old get the bulk of their daily calories from simple carbohydrates such as sugary desserts and beverages.
Similarly, the level of physical activity was not enough to protect their hearts and the effects of poor diet and physical inactivity affected body weight and the percentage of obesity was also high. Surprisingly, among these older children, the rate of cigarette smoking was high.
However, the healthiest metric for children was blood pressure, with nearly all children in the ideal group. Most children also had ideal measurements for total blood cholesterol and blood sugar levels.
Advertising
“Proactive strategies for promoting good heart health should begin at birth, yet most children do not meet the definition of ideal childhood heart health. Instead of taking a wait-and-see approach by treating disease later in adulthood, we should help children maintain the standards of ideal cardiovascular health that most children are born with,” added Steinberger.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A roadside bomb killed three U.S. soldiers in Iraq on Saturday, pushing the U.S. death toll closer to the 4,000 mark at the start of the sixth year of the war for U.S. troops.
U.S. soldiers stand near the Swords of Qadisiyah monument in Baghdad March 13, 2008. REUTERS/Ceerwan Aziz
The deaths, which brought the number of U.S. soldiers killed since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 to 3,996, came three days after President George W. Bush said the United States was on track to victory in Iraq.
In an upbeat speech marking the fifth anniversary of the war, Bush acknowledged the “high cost in lives and treasure” but said a U.S. troop build-up in Iraq had reduced violence there and opened the door to a strategic victory in the war on terror.
The war is a major issue in the presidential campaign, with Democratic presidential candidates Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton calling for an early troop withdrawal timetable.
Presumptive Republican nominee John McCain wants to keep troops in Iraq until it is more stable.
The U.S. military said the three soldiers were killed when a roadside bomb blew up near their vehicle northwest of Baghdad. Two Iraqi civilians also died in the attack. It gave no further details about where the incident occurred.
Roadside bombs are the biggest killers of soldiers in Iraq.
On Friday, a U.S. soldier died from wounds sustained from “indirect fire”, a term commonly used by the military to refer to a mortar or rocket attack, south of Baghdad.
Six members of a U.S.-backed neighborhood patrol group were killed early on Saturday in a U.S. helicopter strike on their checkpoint in Salahuddin province, police and a local tribal leader said.
The U.S. military said it had conducted a helicopter attack in the province, but denied it had attacked a checkpoint. It said the strike killed six men suspected of placing roadside bombs. Investigations were under way, the military said.
SUNNI PATROL TENSIONS
The U.S. military has credited the formation of what it calls Concerned Local Citizen groups (CLCs), also known as Awakening Councils, for playing a crucial role in a 60 percent drop in violence across Iraq since last June.
The mostly Sunni Arab neighborhood patrols have some 90,000 men in western Anbar and provinces north and south of Baghdad. The U.S. military pays them $300 a month to patrol their neighborhoods and man checkpoints.
Tribal leader Abu Faruq said Saturday's air strike took place on a CLC checkpoint near the town of Ishaqi, 100 km (60 miles) north of Baghdad.
“They knew all this area under is my control, and all the men were in uniform and were not firing their weapons, so why did this happen? If Awakening checkpoints are hit this way, it is a disaster,” he said.
The incident is the latest in a string of disputes between the CLCs and the U.S. military. In November, U.S. warplanes attacked a CLC checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing 25 men.
In February, CLCs in Jurf al-Sukr, south of Baghdad, said U.S. forces killed three of their number, and in the same month, neighborhood patrols in Diyala province, north of Baghdad, temporarily stopped working to demand more pay and the removal of a local police chief.
The southern Baghdad districts of Shurta and Hay al-Amil and the southern city of Kut were reported to be quiet on Saturday after Mehdi Army fighters loyal to Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr clashed with Iraqi and U.S. forces a day earlier.
Related Coverage FACTBOX: Security developments in Iraq
Sadr imposed a unilateral ceasefire on his unruly militia last August and extended it last month, a move U.S. commanders say has helped to reduce violence in Iraq.
But the gunbattles in Baghdad and Kut have raised fears that it may be unravelling at a time when the U.S. military is in the process of withdrawing 20,000 troops.
Mehdi Army fighters have complained that the truce ties their hands and opens them to attack by rival Shi'ite factions and U.S. forces. U.S. commanders say they only target Mehdi Army units that have ignored Sadr's ceasefire order.
Correction: This story has been updated to reflect the exact nature of the (statutory) rape charge.
BOSTON — A 19-year-old Massachusetts woman is suing the state for requiring her to attend family court with the man who raped and impregnated her.
In court filings, the victim, whom WBUR is not naming, says she and her mother repeatedly told state officials that they "wanted no contact with [Jamie] Melendez for any purpose and that they did not want the child born of the crime to have a relationship with Melendez."
Melendez pleaded guilty in September 2011 to a statutory rape charge and was sentenced to 16 years probation, including regular visits to family court.
Wendy Murphy represents the plaintiff, who was raped while home alone at the age of 14. She says the situation violates the rights of her client. "A convicted rapist is getting not only control over his victim for the next 16 years," she said, "but control that is court-ordered." That's because the plaintiff could lose custody of the child if she were to miss a court date.
In June 2102, Melendez was ordered to pay $110 per week in child support, which he hadn't paid before. After that ruling, he told a family court judge that if he were required to pay child support, he wanted visitation rights. The suit states, "He recently offered to withdraw this demand in exchange for not being obligated to pay any child support."
Murphy says her client doesn't want to be "anywhere near this guy, much less in a courtroom, litigating questions about her personal life or her child's personal life."
The victim is asking the state to end the conditions of Melendez's probation that allow him rights related to the upbringing of the now-4-year-old child, and those that require the plaintiff to interact with him.
State prosecutors declined comment.
Thirty-one states allow rapists custody and visitation rights.
By Rose Grayston / @rosegrayston
Ever since Council Tax emerged from the ashes of the Conservatives' failed Poll Tax, commentators have promoted alternatives ranging from a local version of Income Tax to Land Value Tax (LVT) and the Mansion Tax in its various forms.
The case for reform is compelling and urgent. It is not only that Council Tax is ludicrously outdated, with property bands based on property values from a quarter of a century ago. There is also the issue of the inequalities which were built into the system introduced by John Major's Government in 1993. Council Tax is set at a higher proportion of property values for low-value properties than for high-value properties, so that the poorest pay four times more of their income than the richest. In addition, Council Tax is capped, with no more paid on a property worth £10 million than on one worth £1 million.
The result is a system of taxation which is regressive across the whole of the income distribution. Poorer families are effectively subsidising the public services of wealthier households, at a time when they can least afford to do so.
The old Council Tax benefit system went some way towards controlling the impact of this regressive design. Since its replacement with a less generous local system in 2014/15, Council Tax arrears have increased by 23%, and Council Tax debt has become the biggest problem on the Citizens Advice Bureau's caseload. Councils are left chasing tax receipts from households which cannot pay them, while low-paid workers in our communities struggle to manage mounting debts. The status quo is working for almost no one, and is condemned by the Institute for Fiscal Studies and the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy alongside groups which might be considered more “usual suspects”, like the anti-poverty charity Joseph Rowntree Foundation.
Labour's 2015 Manifesto pledge to introduce a Mansion Tax on 100,000 to 150,000 of the highest-value properties addressed the issue of disproportionately low Council Tax at the top whilst leaving the regressive system of Council Tax as a whole untouched. In a situation where middle-income households are losing out as well as the poorest, a recent survey in Scotland found support for wholesale reform from two thirds of respondents. A future Labour Government needs to take on the challenge of fundamental and radical reform of this rightly loathed tax.
But this project is dogged by fears that reform will amount to little more than an exercise in moving many households up a Council Tax band, as happened when Wales revaluated in 2005. Labour must be bold in setting out a progressive, fair vision for the future of local taxation. We must be attentive to the toxic history of such reform, and realistic about the time needed to implement the change we want to see.
We have an opportunity to rebuild trust through revenue-neutral reform, funded through a levy on foreign property investors in London. The current system is so dated and unfair that without raising a single extra pound, a Labour government could bring down costs for 63% of households while raising bills for just 25%, reducing the average bill by £279 a year.
Even a complete revenue neutral reorganisation of location tax could create a fairer system, put more money in the pockets that need it most, and assist the stabilisation of the economy by reducing house price volatility. Like the Poll Tax before it, Council Tax must perish. Where successive Governments have shied away from action, the Labour Party should take on Britain's most regressive taxes; for the many, not the few.
If you liked this post, why not join us? www.openlabour.org/sign-up
Vancouver's mayor fired back today after his city was labelled as “boring” by The Economist magaine.
Not just any kind of boring. The mind-numbing kind.
“It's true that Vancouver lacks the stressful vibe of cities where guns, muggers and freeways threaten one's daily existence,” Mayor Gregor Robertson told me in a statement.
“But we compensate for our lack of garbage and smog with deep culture, breathtaking nature and intense recreation.”
The mayor was responding to the magazine's “Gulliver” business travel feature, written by correspondents, and its description of Vancouver, Vienna and Geneva as dull.
It was actually something of an endearing rant on adventure and romance lost, about how “nicer places” become “less interesting.”
The writer found this on a trip to New York, which is no longer the adventure-filled metropolis it was two decades ago because the streets now “feel safe” and the subway is functional.
It's now “pleasant,” which may be progress but a tad disappointing to a tourist “raised on the romance” of the Big Apple.
“But, here's the thing: Where is the fun in nice,” the writer asks.
Actually, his or her bottom line is that he or she wouldn't prefer the 1980s iterations of New York and London, but rather the “idea” of them, complete with dirt and danger.
Nonetheless, their 2015 versions still aren't as dull as Geneva or Vancouver.
The writer does give a nod to its “livability” reports, guides for companies with expatriate employees.
“The trouble was, measuring things such as crime levels, transport efficiency and housing stock, meant that the most anodyne cities inevitably rose to the top,” the Economist says.
“Vienna, Vancouver and Geneva always seemed to do well. Pleasant cities, yes, but mind-numbingly boring. What right-minded person would rank Vienna a better city than Rio, or Vancouver preferable to Paris?”
(For the record, I love Vancouver and think it's exciting.)
"Adventure is in our DNA" Gregor Robertson
Here's the rest of Mr. Robertson's response:
“We are the world's third most culturally-diverse city with the food, arts and festivals to show for it. We are 2 million entrepreneurial souls surrounded by ocean beaches, towering forests, and mountain wilderness.
“We didn't destroy our nature – we have a thousand acre ancient forest in our downtown, right next to the largest working port on the west coast of North America.
“Despite being a very safe city, there's plenty of grit here and we don't hide our vulnerabilities. Some of our poorest and wealthiest neighbourhoods are side by side, but we grapple with our urban challenges head on and take care of each other.
“Adventure is in our DNA. People come here from all over the world because we crave and create a spirited life. But Vancouver is not for those who seek a rush from violent crime or need their culture spoon-fed.”
Who could ask for more in a mayor, by the way?
His website describes Vancouver's Mr. Robertson as a soccer and hockey fan. Okay, the Canucks are boring but where else could you find a mayor who “can occasionally be seen around town playing his tuba or drums?”
And speaking of mayors, Toronto didn't use to be boring.
The Broncos are exploring the possibility of trading Pro Bowl wide receiver Brandon Lloyd as Tuesday's NFL deadline approaches, The Denver Post reported Thursday.
The newspaper, citing three league sources, said three or four teams are believed to be interested in Lloyd and that the Broncos are seeking a third- to fifth-round draft pick in return in talks. The Carolina Panthers and Tennessee Titans reportedly are among the interested teams.
Panthers GM Marty Hurney refuted the report that his team has any interest in Lloyd, telling the Charlotte Observer on Friday that "We've had no trade discussions with any team about any players."
Several factors have prompted the trade possibility, according to the sources, but chief among them is that Lloyd will be a free agent after the season and he and the Broncos aren't believed to be close to a deal.
The Broncos also will regain wide receivers Demaryius Thomas and Eddie Royal from injury after this week's bye. In addition, Denver is expected to become more of a ball-control, run-oriented offense with Tim Tebow replacing Kyle Orton at quarterback.
Lloyd, 30, is being paid $1.395 million this season, a bargain for a receiver who led the league last season with 1,448 yards. He had 77 catches and scored 11 touchdowns.
Lloyd has 19 catches for 283 yards and no touchdowns this season.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An MP's father 'died in his arms' after being sent home from a busy A&E department - 'because there were not enough beds'.
Toby Perkins, the Labour representative for Chesterfield, claims his dad went to Coventry and Warwickshire Hospital suffering from “extreme pain” - and showing classic signs of an aneurysm.
But despite having previously suffered from a near fatal aneurysm in the past, he was packed off in a cab home.
The Coventry Telegraph reports he was one of several sick patients sent home prematurely that day because doctors didn't have enough resources to cope.
The hospital admits Mr Perkins' father should not have been sent home without a scan.
Speaking about his father's ordeal during a Commons debate on the NHS, Mr Perkins said: “Last year on Friday, July 15 my father died of an aneurysm.
“Four days earlier he had been sent home from the A&E department at Coventry and Warwickshire Hospital with what a vascular surgeon described at my father's inquest as classical aneurysm symptoms.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“With a history of vascular problems and a previous near-fatal aneurysm, he presented at the hospital's A&E department suffering extreme pain in his right groin radiating to side and back.
“He was described as being confused and uncommunicative.
“And yet, after five hours in A&E, he was sent home in a taxi. Four days later he died in my arms.”
While mistakes were made in his father's care, Mr Perkins said the failings were due to the strain NHS casualty departments up and down the country are under.
Recounting the registrar's response to questioning at his father's inquest, Mr Perkins said: “He said how it was non-stop on that Friday afternoon, particularly busy.
“From one case to another he was constantly having to decide, as he did most days, which sick patient, all of whom needed to be in a hospital bed, to send home this time.
“He said there simply aren't enough beds for those who need to be in them, so every day we have to make these choices.”
Quoting from the registrar, he went on: “I probably sent home five people that day who should have been in a hospital bed, but those are the choices we are left with when there simply aren't enough.
“He asked if my father minded going home and when he didn't object he stuck him in a cab.
“These pressures and these life and death decisions are not unique to that registrar, or to that hospital.”
The Coventry Telegraph reports that England's NHS spending lags behind Germany and France's, and patients are not getting the care their European neighbours do, he said.
Mr Perkins said: “I'm ashamed to say that I'm grateful my father had his first life-threatening aneurysm on holiday in Germany.
“The quality of the emergency care he received in Munich saved his life and gave us, his family, three more years with him. I regret last year the same could not be said of our NHS.”
The NHS and social care is in the midst of a crisis that leaves the elderly and disabled isolated and struggling to cope - and “means people being sent home from A&E to die”, Mr Perkins said.
“We must do better.”
A University Hospital Coventry spokesman said: “We would like to apologise to Mr Perkins and his family for the distress caused on the death of his father.
"Although the inquest found his father died of natural causes, we are clear that he should not have been discharged without a scan and we have changed our practice so that where there is a suspected aneurysm, as there was with his father, a scan will be done to rule it out in the first instance.
"We have also increased training for the surgical teams who see patients in the emergency department.
"While we acknowledge this is too late for his father we hope it provides some comfort to Mr Perkins and his family.”
The global provider of money transfer services, SWIFT, has warned that a second case of a targeted malware attack, similar to February's $81 million breach at the Bangladesh central bank, has affected at least one other financial institution.
Without naming the new targets, the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) said that intruders managed to bypass risk controls potentially exposing the system to the possibility of illegal money transfers.
Read more
The “attackers clearly exhibit a deep and sophisticated knowledge of specific operational controls within the targeted banks – knowledge that may have been gained from malicious insiders or cyberattacks, or a combination of both,” the statement reads according to Financial Times.
While warning that the incident is part of a “wider and highly adaptive campaign targeting banks”, the Belgian company said that the “security and integrity of our messaging services are not in question as a result of the incidents.” Furthermore, the payment provider urged its clients to “urgently review controls in their payments environments, to all their messaging, payments and e-banking channels.”
SWIFT's messaging services are used by about 11,000 financial institutions across more than 200 countries. The network processed 25.6 billion financial transfers in 2014.
In February's heist, attackers attempted to transfer nearly $1 billion out of Bangladesh Bank's account at the US Federal Reserve in New York but ultimately were able to move $81 million. It is believed that the attackers obtained valid computer credentials for operators to authorize, create and approve SWIFT messages, and then submitted fraudulent messages by impersonating those people.
On Thursday chief executive Gottfried Leibbrandt made it clear that the SWIFT payment network had not been hacked during February's theft, after BAE researchers said in April that they had detected malware cybercriminals had used to manipulate SWIFT software.
“At the end of the day we weren't breached, it was from our perspective a customer fraud,” Leibbrandt said. “I don't think it was the first, I don't think it will be the last.”
Earlier this month, SWIFT made clear to institutions that use their services that they were responsible for securing their own computers used to send messages over its network. In late April, SWIFT released a security update for the software that 11,000 financial institutions have been using to access its network, and has told customers the update should be installed by May 12.
There are plenty of Netflix users who don't care about the content descriptions, because they're preoccupied with literally anything else going on in our pre-apocalyptic world. But you would be surprised how many people have forceful opinions about those summaries, good and bad, at least according to Twitter. A typically positive experience comes from There are plenty of Netflix users who don't care about the content descriptions, because they're preoccupied with literally anything else going on in our pre-apocalyptic world. But you would be surprised how many people have forceful opinions about those summaries, good and bad, at least according to Twitter. A typically positive experience comes from @IndiaAlmighty (“The people who write the synopses for Netflix are so concise. I love it.”) and @heydom (“Sometimes, reading through @netflix movie synopses is better than watching Netflix.”). On the other side of the fence, we have people like @quackattack259 : “Whoever writes the synopses for Netflix needs firing. I'm sick of googling things for a proper one before I watch shit.”
Netflix synopses can be concise, sassy, opaque, or on-the-nose. They reveal something about the movie, of course, but also the person who wrote them. The one for 2014's Frank (“In a band led by a papier-mâché head, a so-called outcast better bring it. Let's have a toast to the weirdos.”) and 1989's Heathers (“Vicious words, deadly pranks, and pretty little suicide notes. Welcome to the most popular clique in school.”) are written with a smirk. The ones for 2015's Bad Asses on the Bayou (“You almost feel sorry for the hoods who kidnap a bride before her wedding when you realize who's hunting them down.”) and 1984's He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (“Five magic words turn a beefcake into a barbarian. The world's yours when you have a battle cat and a broadsword.”) are completely indiscernible for viewers unfamiliar with those film and TV franchises.
i love the netflix single-sentence synopses. Whose job is that? Can I have it? i love the netflix single-sentence synopses. Whose job is that? Can I have it? pic.twitter.com/LjNYEI2LFu August 18, 2016
Advertisement Macallan Rare Cask
Ninety percent of Ninety percent of @Netflix descriptions are structured like this, with a long descrpitive first sentence, followed by a short, theoretically pithy one. It's annoying! November 18, 2017
Netflix descriptions aren't all so conversational or tongue-in-cheek. The inconsistency of style, even among content from the same creators, also made me curious. For example, the hover description for PBS's NOVA: Deadliest Tornadoes is intriguing: “They ravage towns and ruin lives. It's up to scientists to learn why… and where they'll strike next.” Personally, I would have ended with an ellipsis too to maximize the suspense. You can never have too many ellipses… Either way, that description is still miles ahead of the snoozer attached to PBS's NOVA: Why Sharks Attack : “Shark experts analyze the changing behavior patterns behind rising shark attacks and increasing numbers of predators in waters frequented by humans.” Good luck getting me to click on that.
Meanwhile, some of Netflix's descriptions have been straight-up wrong. “Hey @netflix, this description is wrong. Older Ted is telling the story in 2030, not 2029,” wrote one user about an episode of How I Met Your Mother . “@netflix this description for Keeping Up Appearances is wrong. It's Elizabeth's brother Emmet, not her boyfriend,” Meanwhile, some of Netflix's descriptions have been straight-up wrong. “Hey @netflix, this description is wrong. Older Ted is telling the story in 2030, not 2029,” wrote one user about an episode ofHow I Met Your Mother. “@netflix this description for Keeping Up Appearances is wrong. It's Elizabeth's brother Emmet, not her boyfriend,” wrote another
I had to learn more, so I emailed a representative from the company to see how these synopses come to life. Was there a training course that taught prospective summarizers how to write succinct sentences? Just who was tasked with watching that Rob Schneider movie? In a major blow to my curiosity (and pride), the rep replied that they would be passing on speaking to me for an article. I wrote back asking if there were any details they could share, and was again rebuffed: “I don't have anything to share, but thanks for checking.” First of all, you're welcome! And second of all, what? Why, I wondered, wouldn't Netflix want to let me in on the wondrous mystery of their movie synopses?
I had many questions, especially considering how Netflix's descriptions have changed over time. The synopses that came on the labeled DVD sleeves in the early 2000s were often more detailed than the ones on the streaming site today, including information about who starred in the film or if it was by a notable director nestled into a description of the plot. But in the decade that has passed since Netflix first introduced their online option, streaming has changed not only the way we watch and access films, but the way we choose them as well.
In 1998, at the height of my VHS consumption, a flashy cover was the deciding factor between renting First Kid starring Sinbad, Jingle All the Way starring Sinbad, and Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco starring Sinbad. According to Netflixed: The Epic Battle for America's Eyeballs by Gina Keating, it was around this time that movie studios denied the company, then in its infancy, permission to use box art and descriptions in their enterprise, even after they made a deal to partner with movie website AllMovie.com. “The Netflix team decided to scan in photos and titles from the boxes anyway and wait for the cease-and-desist letters,” Keating writes. But today, as I browse through an array of streaming services, each with their own futuristic quilt of thumbnails, it's the Sinbad movie with the snappiest, least-boring description that's most likely to get my attention. (Alas, none of the mentioned Sinbad films are currently available on Netflix.)
It was up to me to get the answers on my own. I began with a three-month-old Synopsis Manager job listing on the jobs listing site Indeed, according to which some portion of the descriptions are generated by a team headed by a manager based at the company's Los Gatos, California headquarters and made up of writers and editors who work remotely. Apparently, the all-important style guide is ever-evolving and considering one of the job qualifications is “Experience with A/B testing,” it's possible the company uses A/B testing to figure out which descriptions catch our eyes most.
Netflix descriptions have changed from the good old days of getting a DVD in the mail. BlueMint / Wikimedia Commons
I then contacted Keating, who responded that she doesn't know how Netflix generates their movie descriptions now. “They have used contractors to write movie descriptions and closed captioning in the past, but I don't know if they still do it,” she said. Keating had no explanation for why Netflix would be secretive about the way they generate their synopses now.
I got in touch with one of those former contractors: Ealasaid Haas, a movie reviewer and technical writer who wrote synopses for the company in 2004 and 2005. Haas confirmed my suspicions of how the system at least used to work. Haas worked the job remotely, hired on at a time when she says the service was adding a large selection of Bollywood movies. “Basically, I would get a spreadsheet with a list of the movies and then a little bit about the movie so I could make sure I got the right version of the film. I would then Google around, figure out what the movies were about, and I would write that like one-paragraph synopsis that goes on the outside of the Netflix sleeves,” Haas told The Outline . She also said that she didn't work from a style guide (something that, judging from the recent job listing, has likely changed) but was given guidelines about general details to include, such as if the film had won a major award or featured a well-known actor.
From Haas's description, the job sounded pretty straightforward. Why, I wondered during our conversation, would they want to hide that? Then Haas dropped a bomb: “As I'm sure you have noticed those don't always actually match the content of the film very well which is because they did not pay us well enough for us to actually watch the movies,” Haas said. “So we would write the synopsis based on what we found online. That could be kind of challenging.” Bingo, I thought. That's what Netflix doesn't want us to know. No, not the possibility that they pay their writers poorly, but the possibility that SYNOPSES WRITERS DO NOT WATCH THE FILMS These synopses are based off other synopses, a feedback loop that would've given Baudrillard fits.
“Think about it,” Haas said. “The sheer number of synopses that they needed done, if they paid even just minimum wage, two hours of minimum wage plus an extra 20 minutes for writing the summary is going to add up really fast when they're bringing in thousands of movies at a time into their collection.”
To be fair, Haas did work as a synopsis writer over a decade ago. The writers may very well get the chance to watch the movies they summarize. Then again, maybe they don't. I took this revelation back to Netflix, who was suddenly very willing to share more details about their synopses writers:
“All Netflix synopsis writers are full-time, experienced, professional writers hailing from digital and print journalism, film scholarship and creative writing backgrounds. Many have 10 or 20+ years of experience and this also includes bilingual staff who bring regional content expertise. Their key objectives are to create 100% accurate synopses and provide the most trustworthy entertainment experience possible to help give viewers important contextual information about a title.”
The rep went on to explain that the folks who write synopses for licensed content don't have to watch the movies they write about. There's so much information freely available online that it's not worth the investment to have synopses writers watch everything. But when it comes to Netflix Originals, the company claims their writers do watch those programs in their entirety “making sure they have all of the information necessary for accuracy and capturing the right tone for the synopsis.” Synopses are also fact-checked, though as some Twitter screenshots show, not everything gets caught.
this description for Keeping Up Appearances is wrong. It's Elizabeth's brother Emmet, not her boyfriend @netflix this description for Keeping Up Appearances is wrong. It's Elizabeth's brother Emmet, not her boyfriend pic.twitter.com/hhwzw5COy8 September 14, 2016
When I asked about their style guide, the company responded that they follow AP style “with some Netflix-specific tweaks” No word on how sassy or not they decide to make their descriptions — though to be fair, by this point the biggest mysteries had been solved.
In all honesty, the truth isn't that exciting. But the question still remains, why was Netflix so secretive about this in the first place? Why did it take my pestering Haas and Keating with questions before the company finally revealed that their synopsis writers are 9 to 5 hacks like the rest of us? Such is the mysteriousness of the PR world. Everything's a secret until, by necessity, it's not.
The news that Netflix synopsis writers don't watch everything they write about could potentially shake the streaming world to its core, but it's a risk I'm willing to take. Until I learn more, keep this question in mind as you settle down to watch your favorite program: Did the person who helped me consider this film get to have the pleasure of doing what I'm about to?
The answer just might be: Not on Netflix's time, buddy.
There are many horror storries of wasted time and money, hard to find bugs and “but it works on my machine”-type situations that could have been avoided if the programmers simply stopped asking the server for its “local time”.
A local time setting might have made sense back when a server was the size of room and was not connected to the internet. Today… not so much.
A neat thing about the Internet is that you can run web apps on servers all around the globe. You can cheaply buy a virtual server located in for instance Germany or England and they will generally work the same. Developers might write a webapp and deploy it to either of those virtual servers and the software would work the same way. The server never sees daylight from inside the data center and does not care what timezone it is in. It does not really matter.
Problems can arise though, if a server has its timezone set to something other than UTC and the software running on it asks for “local time”. Daylight Saving Time (DST) causes skipped and repeated hours. So a scheduled task might be started twice or not at all if the software refers to “local server time”.
Going to work at midnight to shut down the software and servers
There are people that every autumn are called in for special “going off of DST duty”, where they shut down software and servers in order to avoid problems during the change from DST to standard time. While they normally would go home in the evening and sleep at night, on this date they will be awake during the early morning. They shut down certain pieces of software that are relied on by businesses and governments.
Because they are afraid that Bad Things will happen when the hour between 2:00 and 3:00 repeats itself. If a job is set to start every day at 2:30 it will likely be triggered to be started twice in one hour. So they safely shut down the software beforehand and shut down the servers, wait at least an hour before they can start the servers up again.
This is not a made up story. I know of a big company that does this, and I doubt it is the only one.
I commend the system administrators for doing this in order to avoid problems. But it did not have to be like that if the software was made to be resistant to these kinds of problems.
A local time zone makes sense on a personal computer
My laptop has its timezone set to whereever I happen to be. This makes sense because then it can show me what the time is in my local timezone. And other times such as when a file was created are also shown in that timezone.
On a server though, things are different. The users of the system are not necessarily in the same timezone as the server. And why would they care about the timezone where the server is as long as latency is good enough? It does not make much sense to set a “local” timezone for the server.
The local time setting is a mutable global variable
A local time setting is a global variable that can change. In general global variables are bad. So by default you want to avoid them unless there is a really, really good reason for them.
What to do instead
Whenever you write software and ask the server what time it is right now, do not ask a server for its “local time”. Instead ask for the time in UTC.
If you write software that is not run on servers exclusively controlled by you, somebody can change the local time setting to something other than UTC. But even if you only run the software on your own server and have the good policy of setting their timezone to UTC, why not just have your software ask for UTC in the first place instead of relying on the local time setting?
Getting the time right now for another timezone
If you want to know the time right now for another timezone, you can get the time right now from the server in UTC. Then convert it to another timezone. Calendar, the Elixir datetime library I designed, has a function that does this for you. For instance to get the time right now in Copenhagen you can call Calendar.DateTime.now!("Europe/Copenhagen") . Behind the scenes it gets the time right now in UTC and then shifts it to the Copenhagen timezone. The important thing is that we do not rely on the local time setting of the server. Instead the code gets the timezone identifier from somewhere - it could be the webbrowser of a user or a database or a config file.
There is an important difference between asking for a default unspecified local time based on a global variable and instead providing an identifier for a specific timezone in order to get the time right now for that timezone.
When dealing with the daily lives of most people, the time in their various timezones are important. But for internal operations on a server, that are not directly related to those timezones, it makes more sense to use UTC. For instance timestamps of files or timestamps of when a database record was created.
Defaults stacked against programmers
Unfortunately “local time” is sometimes the default in standard libraries. This is the case with Erlang's file:read_file_info that provides information about when a file was last changed. But by default it returns the time in local time. So if you want to compare and see how long it has been since the last file change, you have to get the local time of the server. But the calculation will be wrong when affected by DST.
From the file module part of the Erlang manual:
The time type returned in atime, mtime and ctime is dependent on the time type set in Opts :: {time, Type}. Type local will return local time, universal will return universal time and posix will return seconds since or before unix time epoch which is 1970-01-01 00:00 UTC. Default is {time, local}."
For this Erlang example you have to pass an extra argument in order to get the timestamps as UTC. Hopefully in the future library designers will choose UTC to be the default for these kinds of things. But for now instead of: file:read_file_info('example.txt') you have to use file:read_file_info('example.txt', [{time, universal}]) Then you have a UTC timestamp that you can compare with the time right now in UTC: calendar:universal_time() instead of calendar:local_time() .
It is worth it
I encourage developers to avoid asking the server for its “local time” even if it takes passing an extra argument in some places. This practice is not a panacea for all time related problems, but it can eliminate some very nasty bugs. And its widespread use would mean fewer sysadmins would need to be awake to shut down servers before DST events.
The hope for Martian life took another blow today. As Ian Sample at The Guardian reports, a new study suggests that in the presence of ultraviolet light, perchlorates, a class of chemical compounds widespread on Mars' surface, turn deadly for bacteria.
The presence of perchlorates isn't new. Viking 1 and 2 spacecraft detected perchlorates when they landed on the Martian surface in 1976, Jeffrey Kluger reports for Time. Since then, other spacecraft have confirmed the presence of the compounds. The 2009 Phoenix lander found that perchlorates make up between 0.4 and 0.6 percent of the soil sample it collected.
While perchlorates, which are composed of chlorine and oxygen, are toxic to humans, microbes typically love the stuff. And researchers have been optimistic that their presence could support bacterial life on Mars. As Kluger reports, some bacteria on Earth use naturally occurring perchlorate as an energy source. The compound also lowers the melting point of water, which could improve the chance of liquid water existing on the Red Planet.
But the latest study, published in the journal Scientific Reports, suggests that in the presence of ultraviolet light perchlorate is not so microbe-friendly. Mars has a thin atmosphere, which often leaves its surface bathed in UV rays. And when heated, chlorine-based molecules like perchlorates cause heavy damage to living cells, reports Sarah Fecht at Popular Science.
Researchers at the University of Edinburgh wanted to see just how much damage those perchlorates would cause to any Martian bacteria. So they exposed test tubes of a common bacterium, Bacillus subtilis, to conditions similar to ones they might encounter on Mars. They started with low temperatures and low oxygen in the presence of perchlorate. Bacteria under these conditions survived for up to an hour, Fecht reports. But when the researchers added UV light to the mix, the test tube was completely sterilized within 30 seconds. The researcher also found that two other common Martian soil components, iron oxide and hydrogen peroxide, reacted with irradiated perchlorate to make the soil hostile to bacteria.
“We knew before that any life would have an incredibly hard time to survive on the surface, and this study experimentally confirms that,” Dirk Schulze-Makuch, an astrobiologist at Washington State University not involved in the study, tells Fecht.
That doesn't completely rule out the possibility that bacteria may exist on Mars. “I can't speak for life in the past,” co-author Jennifer Wadsworth tells Sample. “As far as present life, it doesn't rule it out but probably means we should look for life underground where it's shielded from the harsh radiation environment on the surface.” As Sample reports, the ExoMars rover, scheduled to launch in 2020, will test this idea, digging about 12 feet into the Martian soil to look for bacteria.
There still remains some hope for surface microbes. As Kluger reports, the researchers found that the colder temperatures offer some small protection for the bacteria. And the average temperature on Mars is -67 Fahrenheit. Also, the concentrations of perchlorate are not uniform, meaning there may be some pockets where life could exist.
It's also possible that hypothetical Martian bacteria could be much tougher than the common Bacillus subtilis. On Earth, researchers have found all types of extremophile organisms with the ability to survive under intense heat and pressure, in the presence of acid, without water and even inside rocks. “Life can survive very extreme environments,” Wadsworth tells Fecth. “The bacterial model we tested wasn't an extremophile so it's not out of the question that hardier life forms would find a way to survive.”
Conjoined twins Allison and Amelia Tucker are being surgically separated at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. NBC10's Dawn Timmeney spoke to the family. (Published Wednesday, Nov. 7, 2012)
The Tuckers Twins spent their first night apart Wednesday after the previously conjoined twins were successfully separated by surgeons at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
The 8-month-old twins from New York were joined at the lower chest and abdomen.
Allison and Amelia Tucker of Adams, N.Y., shared their chest wall, diaphragm, pericardium and liver. It took a team of 40 physicians, nurses and medical staff about seven hours to perform the separation and by 3:40 p.m. the Tucker girls were separated.
“Like all separations of conjoined twins, this was a very complex surgery, but it went very well and as expected,” said lead surgeon Dr. Holly Hedrick. “Allison and Amelia are currently recovering in the Newborn/Infant Intensive Care Unit (N/IICU) and will be monitored closely by CHOP's expert clinical teams for the duration of their recovery.
“We expect that, with this complex surgery behind them, Allison and Amelia will receive the care, therapy and support to allow them to live full, healthy and independent lives,” said Hedrick.
Officials said the surgery was the 21st separation of conjoined twins performed at CHOP.
Conjoined twins occur once in every 50,000 to 60,000 births, and most are stillborn. About three-quarters of such twins are female and are joined at least partially in the chest, sharing organs. Chances of successful surgery and survival are greater if the twins have separate sets of organs, the hospital said.
A year ago, conjoined 20-month-old twins from the Dominican Republic were separated at a Virginia hospital. Maria and Teresa Tapia were attached at the lower chest, and surgical teams successfully divided their liver, pancreas and other shared organ systems and reconstructed their abdominal walls.
A few days before that, 2-year-old twin sisters Angelica and Angelina Sabuco from San Jose, Calif., who were joined at the chest and abdomen, were separated in procedures performed at a California hospital.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 10 Philadelphia
Changing the rules should be possible if there is wide consensus, but
nobody should feel forced to change their code against their will.
* Governance: being able to push for a controversial change to the system
sets an incredibly dangerous precedent about who is in charge of the
system's rules.
I can promise you that I will say anything in mail to this list if someone
points a gun at me
Hi Pieter,I believe Gavin plans to write a blog post about the hard fork process, butI'd like to debate this with you now, if only to give him material to workwith :)Your points look to me like the hard/soft fork debate in different clothes.For example, we all agree that the rules of Bitcoin *can* be changed, andhave been before (e.g. P2SH), with software upgrades.When such a fork happens, any user who does not upgrade their node isn'tfully verifying the block chain anymore. Their software might *think* itis, but it's running NOPs that don't mean NOP to other nodes. So there is adivergence in the consensus, it's merely been done in such a way that thenode won't stop and print "hard fork detected" to the logs. It'll happilyaccept a block that violates the new rules, then wait to be corrected byminers.So with any fork, hard or soft, there is risk to those who don't upgrade.They may accept a block, or even two blocks, that they believe are validaccording to their old rule set, but which other miners would reject. Theeffect on double spending is much the same.Now let's talk philosophy.* Philosophy: Bitcoin is not a democracy.This appears to be a key point of dispute. Bitcoin is a democracy, thoughthe analogy is not perfect. You can certainly believe whatever you likeabout the true state of the ledger, but rubber hits the road the moment yougo and trade with other people.If 90% of the people you trade with believe a coin exists, and you don't,you're gonna discover you keep getting paid with that coin and itsdescendents. You may hate it, you may feel your rights are being violated,you may refuse to trade with those people but it will keep happening.Money is about trade, and trade inherently involves the decisions of otherpeople. No man is an island.With Bitcoin we have a great way to quickly find out what other peoplebelieve about the ledger. If the vast majority of people are on ledger Aand you're on ledger B, then you've got a strong incentive to come intoline with the majority in order to keep trading.Nobody, not even after a hard fork, is *forced* to change their codeagainst their will. It may be something that *other people require* as partof trading with them though. Whether one considers this "forced" or not Iguess can be argued either way. Are you "forced" to buy oranges from thesingle orange seller in town if the other goes bankrupt, or could you justavoid oranges? Where does economic freedom begin and end?I think it's surely the opposite - *not* being able to push forcontroversial changes sets an incredibly dangerous precedent. Namely,whoever gets to decide that a change is controversial gets to veto anythingthey like!Indeed, me too! But it's worse than that: what if someone sockpuppets adiscussion to make it look like a change does or does not have consensus?One reason I keep banging on about *process* and how Wladimir needs to beThe Decider is that the current attempt at "process" is so vague, not onlyis it unexplainable, but it's wide open to manipulation.Good thing we have a way to resolve this problem: the block chain. Now itdoesn't matter if someone points a gun at you or me. We can object towhatever we like and that wouldn't bring Bitcoin to a halt, thus removingthe incentive to try and pressure individuals.But if we don't have that ability to vote through choice of software andrulesets, then us poor developers really are in charge and that's not aplace any of us should want to go. There must be a mechanism for people todisagree with the consensus, even in major, controversial ways, and thatmechanism must have real force to it.
After releasing a debut album of noisy pop that was perfectly formed and felt like the work of a band already at the summit of their career, it seemed like the only place Alvvays could have gone was down. Maybe sideways, at the very best. Instead, after taking their time both writing and recording the follow-up, they made a giant leap forward instead. Antisocialites has all the sticky hooks of the debut, all the boisterous noise, and the open-hearted honesty, too. What the band adds this time is confidence and skill, gained from the reception their debut got and also all the time they spent playing bigger and bigger shows. The sound of the album is bigger and the arrangements fuller and more spacious, giving the instruments room to breathe. It's a bit of a change, but it works in their favor, especially since Molly Rankin's vocals are a little more to the front of the mix and she sounds strong and fully in command of her voice, while retaining all the vulnerability she displayed before. The album is heavy with break-up songs and she captures the varying moods of a break-up with surgical precision. The pain seeps out of songs like "In Undertow" and "Not My Baby" like a fresh wound, while resigned anger flows through "Your Type" and a little bit of hope creeps into "Forget About Life." The songs too, aim for and hit their targets dead on, whether its melancholy nostalgia on the lovely new wave ballad "Dreams Tonite," the zippy dance-rock floor filler "Hey," or the bouncing pop-punker "Lollipop (Ode to Jim)." The instantly catchy "Plimsoll Punks" is the equal, hook-wise, of "Archie, Marry Me," and there's not a weak link anywhere. The production (courtesy of John Congleton) is layered and clean, with reverb and noise used as a spice instead of a main course. Unlike the first album, where things tended to blend together into a whirring blur of noise, things are both more restrained and more exciting here. It's down to dynamics and arrangements, both of which they pay close attention to at all times. The guitars aren't just a Wall of Sound, there are great riffs, lines, and sounds that pop in and out of the mix. The backing vocal harmonies are more a part of the sound this time too, and Kerri MacLellan's keyboards are even audible sometimes. Thanks to the care and feeding the band put into their sound, Antisocialites manages the rare feat of a band topping their brilliant debut with a sophomore effort that's even more brilliant. Alvvays make it looks easy, and by the time the album is done spinning, it's hard not to start thinking about how great their next record could be.
WASHINGTON -- Five years after a worker was killed in a crush of shoppers on Black Friday, Walmart still hasn't paid the $7,000 it was fined for allegedly failing to protect employees on the biggest shopping day of the year.
Sitting on appeal with a review commission, the case of Jdimytai Damour's death highlights how corporations can choose to fend off modest penalties over workplace dangers for years on end, according to occupational health experts.
For a company with sales of $466 billion last fiscal year, the $7,000 fine from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration represents little more than a single store's rounding error. Walmart would have vastly outspent that sum simply in legal fees devoted to fighting the penalty. But the world's largest retailer is less concerned with the monetary fine than with the broader implications of the case. A negative ruling could compel Walmart and other retail companies like it to take additional safety precautions for workers or face new liabilities.
"It's not about the penalty," said Celeste Monforton, a former OSHA analyst who's now a lecturer at George Washington University. "It's this interest in seeing how far Walmart can push back against the decision."
Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove said the company has made a lot of changes since 2008. "Since that time, we've developed comprehensive plans in stores around the country, and we've worked with nationally recognized crowd management experts to do it," Hargrove said. That includes planning carefully for how customers enter and exit stores, Hargrove said, as well as guaranteeing customers certain products to minimize the frenzy.
Damour died after customers streamed into the Valley Stream, N.Y., Walmart on Nov. 28, 2008. The 34-year-old was trying to hold back a crowd before sunrise on Black Friday when the store's glass doors gave way and he was overrun. Damour had recently been hired through a temp agency and only had spent about a week on the job when he was asphyxiated, his lawyer later said.
OSHA, the branch of the Labor Department responsible for enforcing workplace safety, investigated Damour's death and cited Walmart for failing to adequately control the crowds. An agency official called the events "unusual" but "not ... unforeseen," given the history of shopper hysteria surrounding Black Friday at Walmart and other big-box retailers. OSHA said Walmart failed to properly train its workers in how to handle a crowd of 2,000 that had formed for its own much-hyped shopping "blitz."
Legal filings in the case paint a scene of mayhem. The crowd outside became "unruly" at 3 a.m. and continued to grow for two more hours. Right around the 5 a.m. opening time, the door came off its hinges and the crowd poured in. Walmart employees climbed atop vending machines to escape the crush. (For a full narrative of the incident, read John Seabrook's 2011 New Yorker feature on the behavior of crowds.)
There was a single security guard at the door at the time, according to case files.
"Employees attempted to surround the fallen employee and protect him from the incoming crowd of customers," one filing reads, laying out Walmart's version of events. "[S]ome customers turned back into the vestibule and vandalized the store's security devices, causing them to become unbolted from the floors. Other customers hoarded televisions and attempted to resell them on the sales floor."
HuffPost readers: Will you be working on Thanksgiving this year? Tell us about it.
There's no specific OSHA rule that says you have to protect employees from throngs of bargain hunters. But under what's known as the "general duty" clause, OSHA can argue that a company reasonably could have been expected to take certain precautions for the health and safety of its workers in specific situations. OSHA was essentially saying that Walmart should have known such a death could happen on Black Friday.
A meager sum when measured against a man's life, $7,000 is the maximum fine that OSHA can levy under current law for what's deemed a "serious" safety violation. The fines are much higher for "willful" failures, but such violations are very difficult for the agency to prove, especially when squaring off with high-priced lawyers hired by the alleged offenders. Walmart's litigation in the Damour case has been handled in part by the elite Gibson Dunn & Crutcher, the same firm that's representing Chevron in its Ecuador battles.
Walmart appealed the OSHA fine, arguing that the dangers of their Black Friday crowds couldn't have been predicted. OSHA officials later told The New York Times that the agency had devoted 4,700 hours of legal work to litigating the $7,000 penalty. An administrative law judge eventually upheld the fine, ruling that the Black Friday crowds should have been a recognized hazard for the retailer. (Seabrook, over at the New Yorker, called this ruling a victory for the often-vilified crowd, since it made Walmart culpable in the death.)
But Walmart hadn't exhausted its legal options. In 2011, the company appealed the fine to the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, an agency wholly independent from OSHA that can choose to consider appeals. The case remains there to this day. Until a penalty is affirmed, a company doesn't have to pay the fine or technically even fix the problem.
"It can take 10 years," said Randy Rabinowitz, a lawyer, work safety expert and former counsel on the Senate's labor committee. "The average length it takes to complete a case is obscenely long. And the longer [Walmart] appeals this case, the longer they get a pass."
Melik Ahmir-abdul, a spokesman for the review commission chair, said the commission is sometimes hobbled by the Senate not confirming nominees; for several months this year, the body lacked a quorum and couldn't decide cases. Ahmir-abdul said the Walmart case isn't on this year's remaining docket, meaning the earliest it could be decided is 2014.
If the fine is upheld, Walmart would essentially be deemed negligent in Damour's death, as far as OSHA is concerned. That could pressure the company -- and other retailers, in theory -- to invest in greater safeguards against shopping crowds in order to shield itself from liability in similar cases, meaning more staff, more planning and perhaps even more infrastructure. In other words, if it's ultimately deemed that Walmart should have foreseen Damour's death in 2008, then it will be much easier for the government to say Walmart should have foreseen another tragedy like it.
In 2009, as part of a deal to avoid criminal charges, Walmart launched a new crowd control plan for its stores and also created a compensation fund for victims of the 2008 crush. Since then, workers have received additional training in how to handle the mass of shoppers, as many testified during hearings on the OSHA fine.
For roughly two decades, the most efficient silicon solar cells in the world used a structure invented in Australia at the University of New South Wales. This week, in a packed conference room at the IEEE Photovoltaic Specialists Conference in Denver, Panasonic gave details for the first time about a new structure that allows silicon solar cells to surpass that efficiency, setting a new world record and possibly pointing the way to cheaper solar power that can compete widely with fossil fuels.
The result reflects a new surge forward for silicon solar cells, the type that account for almost all solar cells on the market. “Amazingly, the 20-year-old efficiency record was eclipsed at this conference by three companies, Panasonic, Sharp, and SunPower,” says Richard Swanson, cofounder and former president of SunPower (see “Three Questions with a Solar Pioneer”).
The new design combines elements of two of the most efficient types of solar cells available commercially: those produced by the solar company SunPower and an earlier design by Panasonic. SunPower's cells are highly efficient in part because they do away with the front contacts that block some of the incoming sunlight. Both positive and negative contacts are on the back.
In the new design, Panasonic used a similar approach to get rid of the front contacts and eliminate that shading. The main difference is that Panasonic applies this design to its own high-efficiency cell structure, which addresses another major problem with conventional silicon solar cells. Imperfections at or near the surface of the crystalline silicon wafers used in the cells can trap electrons, decreasing current and voltage. Panasonic prevents this by applying thin films of silicon to the front and back of the silicon wafer.
The new cell converts 25.6 percent of the energy in sunlight into electricity, edging past the long-standing record of 25 percent. Such small improvements in efficiency can have a big impact on total power output from a solar cell, but the main reason the advance is important is that it shows the potential of a new way to design solar cells, which could lead to larger improvements in the future.
Although both aspects of the new design are used in commercial solar cells, it's not clear yet that the structure that combines them can be manufactured at competitive prices. Martin Green, the professor at the University of New South Wales whose cells had held the previous record, says one drawback of all the record-setting designs is their use of high-quality silicon crystal, which is expensive. His record designs have been adapted to cheaper forms of silicon and are being adopted by several solar cell companies (see “Advanced Solar Technology”).
December 12, 2005
HEY AUCTION WINNERS!!!
Just a note - if you ordered original art, please check your ebay feedback - if I've left you feedback, your order was shipped today. If I have NOT left you feedback, then I have not received payment from you yet, and your item will ship as soon as that occurs - thanks! I was reassured by the post office that all internation artwork should reach its destination before Christmas, for any international buyers that were concerned.
If you have made a paypal payment for artwork, and I have not left feedback for you, please contact me via Ebay - if you've mailed in a payment and you haven't been left feedback, I probably just haven't gotten it in the mail yet, and your artwork will ship as soon as I get it. Thanks guys!
Comic updates are on hold for the moment as I am currently in the process of relocating - I'm hoping to have everything moved over by this weekend. Thanks for your patience with the delays!
READ POSTER NOW AVAILABLE FOR SALE!
Warehouse 23 is now doing poster printing, and as a result they are now offering the 'Read' design in a gorgeous, full-color 11x17 poster on heavyweight paper. I just received my comps today and I couldn't be happier with them. You can access the Warehouse 23 store by clicking on the 'store' button, or by clicking on this link - go give it a look!
Old News:
That's all, folks. Thank you for reading!
If you're despondent over the lack of QoW, this news may cheer you - due to an overwhelmingly positive reader response, QoW will start again next Monday and re-run all the original strips, seven days a week, with commentary. That's right, if you so choose you'll get to read my babblings about what exactly went on with the strips, stuff that wasn't supposed to happen, ideas that were ditched, ideas that were never explored, the works. I realize it's not NEW strips, but I thought it would be fun to do while I work on putting out my next project. Speaking of the next project - I will be announcing it as soon as it's ready to go. Keep an eye on the website, or the LJ community, or the forum, as I'll be posting it all over the place once it's live.
For those looking for other strips to read, check out my links section, and also the Keenspot dropdown up in the corner has a ton of good reads on it as well.
WASHINGTON ― Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday disputed the sworn testimony of former FBI Director James Comey, who said last week that Sessions “did not reply” when Comey raised concerns that President Donald Trump was violating rules limiting contacts between the Justice Department and the White House.
Sessions, testifying before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, also said that direct discussions between Comey and Trump would only be problematic if they had talked about ongoing investigations.
“There's nothing wrong with the president having a communication with the FBI director,” Sessions said.
Comey, in his testimony before the same panel last week, said he spoke with Sessions about Trump's conduct when the president spoke with him alone in the Oval Office after asking Sessions to leave.
“I told the AG that what had just happened ― him being asked to leave while the FBI director, who reports to the AG, remained behind ― was inappropriate and should never happen,” Comey said.
Sessions, Comey claimed, “did not reply.”
But Sessions said Tuesday that he agreed that “the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow department policies regarding appropriate contacts with the White House.”
Sessions recalled leaving Comey and Trump alone in the Oval Office. But he said the fact that Comey and Trump were alone was “not problematic,” by itself, Sessions said.
Sessions' testimony suggested that it would be on Comey to shut down inappropriate discussions with Trump. Sessions did not say he committed to raising the issue with Trump or making sure the president was aware of the rules around communications between Trump and DOJ.
Jonathan Ernst / Reuters Attorney General Jeff Sessions takes a sip of water as he prepares to testify to a Senate committee Tuesday.
Sessions said he “encouraged” Comey to follow the “well-established rules governing any communications with the White House about ongoing investigations.”
“The rules apply to the Department of Justice, so it's the duty of the FBI agent to say, ‘Mr. President, I can't talk about that.' That's the way that should work,” Sessions said.
A Justice Department spokesman confirmed to HuffPost this week that former Attorney General Eric Holder's 2009 memo on contacts between the White House and the Justice Department is still in effect. The memo says such conversations about pending criminal investigations should involve only the attorney general or deputy attorney general or their designated subordinates.
Sessions went on the offensive in his testimony, saying he would not be intimidated by the “false attacks,” innuendo and leaks about the Russia investigation that he implied were part of an effort to derail the Trump administration agenda.
Sessions recused himself from the probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election and questions of collusion between Russian officials and the Trump campaign.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel on Russia issues last month. Amid reports that Trump had considered getting rid Mueller, Rosenstein testified earlier on Tuesday that he would not obey an order unless he determined it was lawful and appropriate.
Sessions, a longtime senator from Alabama before becoming part of Trump's cabinet this year, was clearly irritated by suggestions that he was in any way involved in a Russian effort to interfere with the 2016 election.
“I was your colleague in this body for 20 years, and the suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country, which I have served with honor for over 35 years, or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process, is an appalling and detestable lie,” he said.
Sessions defended his role in Trump's decision to fire Comey firing in early May. He said it was “absurd” to suggest that his recusal from the Russia probe would render him “unable to manage the leadership of the various Department of Justice law enforcement components that conduct thousands of investigations.”
What the HELL is this crap? Are you serious? A poll asking South Carolina voters which presidential candidate is the SEXIEST. Really?
I'm just curious what is accomplished by a poll like this, why any polling company would ask this question, and why the hell they think I care.
The President of Public Policy Polling, Dean Debnam, agrees this is silly, "Politics doesn't always have to be completely serious," he says in the press release. "We did this survey to remind folks to keep their senses of humor during this intense election season."
Yeah, I'm not laughing.
If you want me to keep my sense of humor, how about asking me which candidate tells the best joke. Or which candidate is mostly likely to have a beer at the local pub. Draw me a funny political cartoon. Let me just state I'm stretching with those examples, because I really am not sure this election needs to have a sense of humor. Some "light" moments-I'll give ya' that...but my sense of humor just doesn't come into play with dead soldiers and Iraqis, families struggling to pay their mortgage, lives-hanging-in-the-balance, fate-of-our-country politics.
But let's tackle the bigger issue here and why this poll makes me roll my eyes and want to move to Canada-ENOUGH with the sexy crap. Obama girl, Hillary boy, Edward's hair, Clinton's cleavage-ENOUGH already.
What does even discussing which candidate is SEXY accomplish in the bigger picture aside from the few chuckles the polling folks were hoping for?
It reinforces that "sexy" matters.
It reinforces the idea that Americans care more about Oprah than Obama.
It reinforces to my daughter she needs to be thin, beautiful, and slutty.
It reinforces to my son SEXY counts when trying to win over the world.
It reinforces to ME some voters care more about American Idol and Britney's custody case and will actually cast their ballot for the candidate who has the best stylist.
It reinforces to the cadidates the false notion 8.3 million readers of BlogHer.com care more about fluff than the issues.
Maybe I have no sense of humor this morning. Maybe I woke up to find this poll and am I overreacting. I'll admit I'm feeling rather cynical this weekend.
Or maybe I'm tired of some woman shaking her ass all over national tv for Obama and the media discussing necklines and skin.
We have quips about looking "too" feminine or "mannish"-leading to snark about tears in New Hampshire. We have polls measuring the next leader of the free world's SEXY.
Enough. Please. Enough
For the thousands of Russians gathered near Red Square yesterday, Maidan - the square in Kiev synonymous with pro-European protests last year - is nothing to celebrate.
For the thousands of Russians gathered near Red Square yesterday, Maidan - the square in Kiev synonymous with pro-European protests last year - is nothing to celebrate.
"Maidan is a festival of death ... Maidan is the smile of the American ambassador who, sitting in his penthouse, is happy to see how brother is killing brother ... Maidan is the concentration of everything anti-Russian ... Maidan is the embryo of Goebbels," the organisers of Russia's new Anti-Maidan movement shouted from the stage.
Demonstrators vowed that last year's protests in Kiev - centered in the Maidan square which ultimately forced Ukaine's pro-Russian president to flee on February 21 - would never be repeated in Russia.
"Maidan" is the Ukrainian word for "square" and in common usage refers to Maidan Nezalezhnosti [Independence Square].
The protesters in Moscow were an assortment of ultranationalist bikers, pensioners, war veterans, members of student organisations and activists from other pro- Kremlin groups. Many of them waved Russian flags, others bore banners that said "Die, America!" or "U$A, Stop the War!"
Police said that 35,000 people attended, though those numbers were impossible to verify independently.
In the year since Ukraine's transformation, anti-Western sentiment in Russia has spiked, largely over what many perceive as the West's hand in fomenting the protests in Kiev in order to gain a foothold of control near Russia.
"The United States is the world's biggest terrorist. ... We believe we can rise up again if they leave us alone, but they are always trying to teach us how to live," said 65-year-old Nina Kishkova, a retired teacher who was at the protest with her friend. Another Maidan "will never win in Russia. I will bring the ammunition myself."
According to a poll conducted this month by the independent Levada Center, 81pc of Russians feel negatively about the United States - the highest figure since the early 1990s - and 71pc feel negatively about the European Union.
The number of Russians who dubbed relations between Russia and the US as that of "enemies" leapt from 4pc in January 2014 to 42pc.
The poll has a margin of error of about 3 percentage points.
"There has been no empire in history that did the kind of things to its colonies that America does to the world today," said Alexander Zaldostanov, the leader of the pro-Kremlin Night Wolves biker gang widely known by his nickname, the Surgeon.
The anti-Western sentiment, sparked by the West's wholehearted backing of the protests in Kiev, has only deepened as the US and the European Union have imposed sanctions on Russia for annexing the Ukrainian region of Crimea and for supporting the separatists fighting in east Ukraine.
"There's nothing new about anti-Western sentiments in Russian society, the thing was to bring them to the fore," said Maria Lipman, an independent analyst.
"People have said for a long time that the West is there to do harm to Russia. ... Now this sounds like a self-fulfilling prophecy because now the West is always discussing how to punish Russia so that it will hurt more."
Sunday Independent
Mon Dec 14, 2015 4:02 pm
How can you guarantee no scam? Scammers are pretty creative, what are you doing to protect against them?
Jad,
I am a seller on your site. Your site is better than others I have tried. Keep it up.
1. What percentage of your buyers use the quick buy button vs individual selecting each sell order?
2. Are you going to put a warning to the buyer to not try to do a online transfer?! This is really annoying because how does the seller suppose to know the buyer is not a scammer who will just call the bank to reverse the transfer?
3. Have you seen any occasions where the buyer tries to go back to the branch and tell the teller that he made a mistake and he wants his cash back??? I have read that some stories online that some tellers actually give them their cash back (which makes absolutely no sense to me) maybe it was just stupid tellers?
4. Any tips on how to really sell bitcoin consistently with bofa without dropping the buy limit or margin percentage? Sometimes my bitcoin just sits their for half a week it sucks to make a measly 1-2% margin on the sales.
5. Is there any way you can reduce the time allowed to make the deposit and upload the receipt from 3hrs to maybe 1.5 or 2 hours? 3hrs seems way to long and that causes sellers to lose potential other sales.
thanks
following up on btcchamp's post and cross post from the reddit thread:
i always recommend you alongside libertyx.com, localbitcoins.com - how do you view your platform as differentiated from them? it seems like the consumer price for you is somewhere in the middle of the bunch.
and adding one more Q - how large do you think you can get in a year? how many backpages are out there? craigslist? angie's list?
thanks!
Is it possible to exchange Bitcoins in Iran?
Taken from a very similar question on Reddit We've received a few emails regarding this, some sellers asking how we protect against MITM attacks like the one described. BitQuick.co is a platform that allows people to buy bitcoin with cash instantly from listed sellers in escrow.The matter of the fact is that we take on the responsibility of weeding out MITM attacks, and cover our sellers with our seller's guarantee Weeding out fraudsters involves various data analysis, and we can't reveal all of our tactics for obvious reasons. We've been fully aware of these scams even before we launched in August, 2013.But that is the key difference of our platform. We have the ability to collect enough information to weed out scammers, and protect sellers. Other marketplaces put that responsibility on the seller. We allow Bitcoin sellers to focus on profits and providing liquidity instead of weeding out fraudsters.For compliant sellers, we even have an API that streamlines everything for you. Contact us if you're interested!1. Nearly 3/4 of users utilize our quick buy feature. It really helps replicate that classic BitInstant experience.2. We already have warnings before the order is placed, and in the confirmation email for buyers. Unfortunately it seems some people do not like to read the terms. In any case, you don't need to worry about a scam. BitQuick still protects you with the seller's guarantee. As long as you inform us via dispute that the transaction was a transfer, there's nothing to worry about.3. I've seen it happen on other platforms before, but the matter of the fact is scammers are relatively simple to catch with proper data analytics. The scam you mentioned is particularly risky as well because the questioned individual has to put their identity out in the open by visiting the bank. The risks of committing a felony outweigh the benefit of a small monetary scam.4. We recommend sellers advertise their sell order link to get additional exposure, but past that the only factors that affect liquidity are the limits and margin.5. We believe that 3 hours is a fair compromise, as we already have several buyers also requesting the time be extended. Users are banned after 3 unpaid holds in any case.From Reddit:Us and Libertyx feel very similar to the user, but function very differently of course. Libertyx directly sells Bitcoins to users leveraging their network of convenience stores. BitQuick connects buyers and sellers, and has buyers pay at a local bank branch.In either case, you are going to a physical location, and depositing cash.LocalBitcoins on the other hand is like the wild west. Browse through 100's of payment methods, and different offers, make sure the seller has a positive reputation, and then keep your fingers crossed you haven't stumbled upon a hacked LBC seller account.Long story short, there is too much risk associated with LBC. There is no risk whatsoever with BitQuick.How large can we get in a year? Well, our volume increased 14x this year to date. We're roughly 1/10 the current size of LBC right now, so even if the Bitcoin market doesn't increase by much, there is plenty of room for us to grow in the current ecosystem. As for Craigslist, Angie's list, etc., I'm not sure they will do much for Bitcoin's growth. Backpage had a particularly unique situation that forced them to use Bitcoin.Not with BitQuick at least.
March 30, 2017
On March 13, representatives of the Seattle Education Association (SEA) voted overwhelmingly to hold a vote on a one-day strike on May Day. Members began the week of voting on March 22--ballots for the 5,000-member local will be counted on April 1. Here, SEA member Dan Trocolli makes the case for other unions to make plans to strike on May Day in support of immigrant and union rights.
WE ARE living in strange times: On the one hand, a silver-spoon-fed billionaire and racist, xenophobic, misogynistic, reality TV boss maneuvered his way into the presidency of the United States. On the other, we witnessed the largest day of protest in U.S. history when millions of people rose up to demonstrate against him a mere one day after he was coronated.
The Womxn's March on Seattle shattered my expectations, with nearly 200,000 people protesting. It showed me that we are entering a new period--where more and more people want to fight back. All across the U.S., the day revealed mass anger and opposition to Trump's hate-filled agenda, a sentiment that has been building as workers have seen their standard of living eroded in this country for a long time now.
In their blitzkrieg of policy proposals, the emboldened right wing announced a bill to bring a right-to-work (for less!) law to the entire nation. The effect of this would cut union finances severely. In addition to that, another case like the Friedrichs case, which came before the Supreme Court last year, is on its way to the Supreme Court. It would also eliminate agency fees for public-sector unions.
Other bills and cases dreamt up by the likes of the American Legislative Exchange Council and the right-wing, billionaire Koch brothers wait in the wings. These attacks are part of a decades-long effort to destroy organized labor and drive down the standard of living for U.S. workers.
Historically, unions have been one of the main vehicles for ordinary people to make change, albeit inconsistently for certain groups of people, particularly women, people of color and immigrants. Indeed, right-to-work laws have racist roots in the Jim Crow South.
Unions have been in decline for decades now and are at historically low membership levels. The wealthy right wing has argued, among other things, that unions are unnecessary and irrelevant. So I pose this question to the labor movement: Are we?
What will it take to win millions of people to the idea that unions are still very much needed? How can we oppose people with untold wealth that are gunning for both unionized and non-union workers alike?
I would propose that the solution is not retreat, but bold action.
Readers' Views SocialistWorker.org welcomes our readers' contributions to discussion and debate about articles we've published and questions facing the left. Opinions expressed in these contributions don't necessarily reflect those of SW.
IN SEATTLE, it wasn't easy, and it took time. Myself and other social justice educators have been building the Social Equality Educators (SEE) reform caucus in the SEA for eight years now. We've argued inside the union for more direct actions and militancy against the attacks on public education and our union from the corporate education reformers.
It wasn't easy and it took time. Sometimes we lost the vote and had to go back to the drawing board, but the process of continually raising the question of what more can we do to fight back planted the idea in members' and the community's minds, and it started to grow.
The SEA went on strike for the first time in 30 years a little over a year ago, and in so doing transformed not only ourselves and our students, but the city as well.
Over the years, we heard many arguments against striking--"It's divisive!" "It'll anger the parents and the community!"--but the strike had the opposite effect. The reason it had such an impact is that thousands of people saw that we were passionate and willing to take a stand for what we needed and believed in.
I feel that we are in a unique historical moment where the anger at neoliberalism and Trump, the hope and confidence raised by the Women's marches, and the overreach of Trump and the right wing has led to a massive expression, most notable in the women's marches after the inauguration. I think there could easily be a nationwide strike if only the union leadership had the guts to call one--but they will not.
We rank-and-filers have to start raising the question. It may not happen today, but if we don't raise it now, we won't be ready to do so when larger threats against unions come to pass.
Given all this, in February, I proposed, and the SEA representative assembly unanimously adopted, a motion asking the National Education Association, our parent union, to call for a one-day strike on May Day. Then, this month we passed a motion overwhelmingly to put a strike vote to the general membership.
All the February motion called for was a letter asking the national union to consider it, but it raised the question. The next month we were debating about striking.
The language for the SEA motion is below. Take it, emulate it or adapt it to what you think you can raise in your union. A member of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers in Seattle passed a motion calling for the union to mobilize its members for the May Day march and events in general--not for a strike, but it marked a step forward for his union.
If you cannot pass or even introduce a motion, circulate a letter to the same effect around your union or workplace and gather signatures to be sent to your local and/or national union. Every small step we take now helps build to something bigger in the future.
We face emboldened enemies and our response must be equally bold. The time to fight back is now. Hesitancy will only further embolden our opponents and weaken our ability to fight. We need to make it known to our union leadership and to our enemies that we're ready to fight. You might be surprised by the response. I think, given the national mood, you'll get there way faster than we did here.
Whereas, national right to work legislation has been proposed in the U.S. Congress, threatening our union's very existence, and
Whereas, the Washington Senate proposed an education budget that trades our union rights for a sub-par increase in funding, not nearly meeting the demands set forth by the McCleary decision, and
Whereas, unions have been at the forefront of defending workers against corporate erosion of wages and benefits, and a weakening of labor's ability to stand up for workers' rights comes with a concomitant loss of the community's rights as well,
Therefore, be it resolved that the SEA will propose in writing to the Washington Education Association (WEA) and the National Education Association (NEA) that they call upon their affiliates to go on a one-day strike in order to strengthen our ability to take a stand for both workers' rights and the paramount needs of our students on May Day, May 1, 2017, should other AFL-CIO labor unions put out a call for a strike that day or another deemed more appropriate by the labor movement,
Be it further resolved that the SEA ask the WEA and NEA to notify all their affiliates in writing of this conditional call and, when the time comes, prominently display the call on its websites.
There are swimming pools on top of these high-rises. The development has saunas, schools, and a shopping mall too.
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
If you're a North American used to the stereotype of drab public housing projects, you might be surprised to learn Vienna's Alt-Erlaa isn't a sleek, master-planned condo development. Alt-Erlaa is social housing.
Alt-Erlaa was intended to provide luxury for all. The 1970s project is home to 7,000 residents who live in 3,200 high-rise apartment units — and most of them are family friendly, with three or more bedrooms. It sits on a 59-acre piece of land, less than twice the size of Granville Island.
Vienna is filled with innovative projects like this. Sixty per cent of the city's population lives in city built, owned, or managed housing.
Cities wrestling with housing affordability can learn from each other, which is why the Museum of Vancouver is exploring Vienna's approach to housing in its Vienna Model exhibit, which opens today.
William Menking, founder and editor-in-chief of the Architect's Newspaper in New York, is the exhibit's co-curator. He said Vienna's attitudes toward housing are “totally different” from North America.
“Homeownership? That's the American dream,” Menking told The Tyee. “That does not exist in Vienna.
“The idea of homeownership is not as engrained because there's a stronger social safety net, from pensions to health care. So, people don't worry about not having enough money at the end of their lives.”
The Austrian federal government offers 450 million euros a year — about $680 million Canadian — to subsidize housing in Vienna, with a population of about 2.6 million. The city government contributes as well, bringing Vienna's total housing spending up to 600 million euros a year.
Having committed funding does help cities with housing. But Menking says Vienna's attitudes toward housing as a public responsibility are what set it apart from cities struggling to rein in housing costs.
The Tyee interviewed Gabu Heindl about this. She's an architect, planner and theorist, as well as the chairwoman of Österreichische Gesellschaft für Architektur (Austrian Society for Architecture). The interview has been edited and condensed for brevity.
Heindl will be speaking at two events in Vancouver about her home city (more details at the bottom of this story) in conjunction with the Vienna Model exhibit.
The Tyee: It seems that in Vienna there is a public as well as a political consensus that the government should have a large role in providing housing for its citizens.
Gabu Heindl: Yes, Vienna has had a social democratic government for a long time, and there's a big tradition based on the time of Red Vienna, which was between the two world wars when Vienna had a socialist government. Vienna has been famous for municipal housing that was built then and after 1945 in quite extensive numbers. So, when it comes to Vienna, which is a big city relative to Austria itself, there's absolutely an understanding that it's a municipal task to provide affordable housing and to subsidize housing.
Is there also consensus around the idea of housing as a human right?
That is really a political issue. When it comes to more leftist politicians and parties, yes. When it comes to market, free-market neoliberal parties and politicians, of course they would argue there's a right to make money with housing development. Right now, our city government is a coalition of the Social Democrats and the Green Party.
Social mixing policies (having individuals of different economic backgrounds in a neighbourhood, sometimes even in the same building) have gained momentum recently, but this is something that Vienna has been doing for a very long time. Can you talk a bit about that?
There's the large-scale Red Vienna housing complexes that were built in the '20s and '30s which have been spread throughout the city. There's the very famous Karl Marx Hof, which is a very big compound that sits right in a bourgeois district.
All around Vienna, you have a mixing of different typologies of housing and different populations. So, you have bourgeois mixed with workers, and that of course, continues today.
Vienna set up the Bauträgerwettbewerb “developer competitions” for public housing in 1995. What's the rationale behind having developers compete?
The question is if you have anybody developing housing, how can the public demand quality? So how can the public demand more than the minimum?
Basically, the moment public subsidies are involved — be it land, building costs, cheaper loans — the public has a right to demand quality and actually work on quality control. That works statutorily in Vienna for all public housing projects that there have to be competitions if projects are of a certain size.
Developers become very inventive in order to compete with others.
Some governments struggling to encourage the construction of affordable housing rely on public-private partnerships. Is Vienna dealing with this?
We are currently faced with a situation where we are supposed to get used to public-private partnerships in terms of the private entering the public sphere. Until now, it was very logical for us that the public would itself, and only itself, take care of streets, schools, parks, and housing.
But under current austerity politics in the European community and the general trend worldwide of city governments suffering from lack of money due to neoliberal taxing systems, there is an increase in Vienna of looking to private developers for help. It's something that planners, including myself who believe that public goods should be dealt with and provided by the public, are not happy with.
In Vancouver this week, you will be speaking about equality and equity in city building. Why is there a need for these elements in your field?
I believe that equality and equity must be parameters for urban planning, especially since architecture and urban planning can participate in fostering inequality, which I'm sure can be seen in Vancouver, other cities, and, of course, Vienna.
How can design provide for spaces of equal possibilities and accessibilities for people? That task is more important for public planning than supporting a private client, but if it comes to proactive public urban planning, then equity, housing affordability, and justice have to be planning parameters just as much as technical ones.
While there is so much to admire about housing in Vienna, where is the city struggling?
Because Vienna is growing so fast, it cannot keep up with the speed at which the need for apartments increases. There are many more people that need housing than is available, so that puts pressure on price in the private market. I wouldn't say prices have skyrocketed, but they have increased a lot.
As for municipal housing, politicians have reacted to the pressure by ranking Viennese, who have lived here for at least five years, at the top of the waiting list. So, there's a ‘Viennese first' mentality, which I and many of my colleagues don't believe is very useful because affordable housing shouldn't be determined by nationality but by need.
Any advice for cities like Vancouver struggling with affordability?
The most important piece of advice today is to not sell any public land. Do not do that. Land has been and is the most precious thing and it will be so much more precious in the future. Land ownership dictates who have access to what areas and how the city should grow. It's something that I believe Vienna is being as careful with as it can.
But if land is to be sold, it should be sold to collective structures so that it doesn't go into the private, capital market. Please do write that in really big letters!
There will be a serious fight for the access to urbanity in the future. If we know that cities are the places where people have access to possibilities, to mobility, to culture, to jobs, to shops, governments should not hand out big portions of the city to private owners.
Gabu Heindl will be speaking at two events while in Vancouver. She'll be participating in the Urbanarium debate on why we should subsidize more housing tonight at the Museum of Vancouver (1100 Chestnut St.).
And on Friday evening, Heindl will be speaking on Vienna as an affordable housing case study at SFU's Djavad Mowafaghian World Art Centre (149 West Hastings).
The Museum of Vancouver's Vienna Model exhibit runs until July 16.
Candidate urges conscription for bullies
Posted
An independent candidate in the Victorian election wants convicted bullies to be conscripted to the armed forces.
Warrnambool police are investigating a serious assault at Brauer College 10 days ago that left a 15-year-old boy in intensive care.
His family has told the media that he had been bullied since starting at the school earlier this year.
James Purcell is running for the seat of South West Coast and says teenagers are not being disciplined properly.
"We, I believe, have let down the next generation of citizens in this region by not disciplining them well enough and I think that's true for parents and I think that the restrictions that the teachers have in schools have meant that they have got away with too much through their lives and therefore I've proposed that we should look at some form of conscription," he said.
Topics: bullying, elections, states-and-territories, warrnambool-3280, ballarat-3350
In Claus Petersen's world, airplanes spray a deadly chemical over Germany, which is a tributary vassal country of the USA; its constitution drawn up in the villa of the Rothschilds, and the number of victims in the Holocaust, says Mr. Petersen, is significantly less than is generally assumed. For technical reasons.
Mr. Petersen, almost 70 years old, with an accent from the north, has become involved with a group called the "Reich citizens" who dispute the legal existence of the Federal Republic of Germany.
He doesn't seem to have a problem with anti-Semitic theses.
But above all, he is a stubborn activist in Germany's chemtrail scene. He co-founded the group "Blue Sky Berlin," and once a month in a pizzeria, he reserves a table for all those who are convinced that humanity will be poisoned by barium salts, strontium and aluminum. Chemtrailers believe that that ever since the late 1990s, airplanes have been discharging a poisonous condensation that is slowing down climate change and allows the American intelligence services, by sprinkling minuscule aluminum particles, monitor even hidden parts of the world.
Mr. Petersen comes to a first meeting in front of a Berlin snack bar with a folder crammed with his research: dozens of photos of the sky above Berlin, pictures showing Chancellor Angela Merkel alongside gas containers as high as her hip, a text by a woman who, under the name "Barbie Sioux Cherokee Sparrow Hawk," posts esoteric bits of wisdom on the Internet. These are Mr. Petersen's pieces of evidence.
What is interesting is that Mr. Peterson receives much confirmation for his view of the world. The chemtrail movement long ago became a global network with its own forums, channels and experts. Basically it is a sect, only that there is no central organization which controls it and whose contradictions could be exposed. Persons like Mr. Petersen contribute actively to this conspiracy narrative; they write commentaries and articles, share videos, organize meetings and initiate petitions to the German legislature.
Never before has so much information been available, and never before could so many people state freely what they believe to be true. Everyone can construct their own reality that can shake up the power structure. This is actually good news, because it is dangerous for dictators and despots. But on the other hand, never before has it been so difficult to attain a clear picture out of the flood of contradictory information. Anyone can find confirmation for their own truth and perspective. Rumors and conspiracy theories spread rampantly. We are experiencing an unleashing of thought fueled by conviction, a new kind of culture war.
In 1632, Galileo Galilei published a dialogue in which he asserted the thesis that, in contradiction of the dominant dogma of the church, the earth revolves around the sun. Because that didn't fit into the orthodox world view, Galileo had to renounce his thesis in front of the Inquisition. Today, in an open, pluralistic society, the "system" doesn't stage Inquisitions anymore; instead it is attacked with the methods of the Inquisition. Everything can be true, but so can its opposite.
Is this a counter-Enlightenment, is the entire notion of education being swept away by enthusiasts, sectarians and dissidents? Is distrust of the state coming to the fore in this culture war and fueling such angry movements as the far-rightist Pegida party in Germany? Or is this pure Enlightenment where church, state, parties, media and traditional authorities can no longer crack down on dissent, where everything is subject to doubt and no one is right simply by virtue of the office he holds?
Thomas Weimer works in the Bundestag, Germany's lower legislative chamber, at the press office of one of the political parties. His real name and his party are irrelevant here, because what he perceives is experienced by colleagues in the press offices of all the parties. One of Thomas Weimer's tasks is to prepare the so-called morning situation: every day, he gathers the most important headlines and commentaries for discussion by the heads of the party. Mr. Weimer reads the major daily newspapers, clicks through news pages on the Internet, and takes a look at blogs. Sometimes he turns on the television too.
Mr. Weimer says that thanks to his work he has a pretty good view of traditional media. What he often sees is uniformity instead of plurality, simplicity instead of diversity. Thomas Weimer is not a conspiracy theorist; he doesn't believe that "the media" are all controlled by the CIA or the German chancellery. But he observes something that conspiracy theorists also criticize in the media: the fact that many journalists are often convinced of their opinion even if the facts are uncertain. That opinions against the mainstream seldom if ever appear. And that many editorial staffs find it extremely difficult to acknowledge to themselves — and to their readers — when they have made a mistake.
Earlier on, people in Germany mistrusted one particular medium, namely the sensationalist "Bild" tabloid. Nowadays though, that mistrust has spread across the entire media landscape.
Scarcely any other publisher in Germany has profited more from this mistrust than the tiny Kopp Verlag in Rottenburg am Neckar in Swabia. Founded in 1993 by Jochen Kopp, a former policeman, the publishing enterprise says that it now has 60 employees. It sells its works primarily through its own mail-order business.
Dublin Sinn Féin MEP Lynn Boylan says legal advice she has has received confirms Irish Water charges can be scrapped.
This claim contradicts the view of the European Commission, which states that the charges cannot be removed.
Speaking from Leinster House, Ms Boylan said: "The legal opinion that I have received has confirmed what we have been saying all along, that the abolition of water charges would not contravene the water framework directive providing that Ireland can meet the objectives of the directive which is about the conservation and protection water.
"I welcome Fianna Fáil's new found commitment to scrap water charges. Coming from the architects of water charges this is a major and welcome departure from Fianna Fáil.
"The majority of TDs elected to the Dáil in February were elected on anti-water charges mandates. Now that Fianna Fáil have accepted this there is a clear majority in favour of scrapping water charges.
"The expert commission is now redundant. It should be scrapped and the issue should be dealt with by the Dáil."
The legal advice, from Matthias Kelly QC and published by Ms Boylan, is summarised as saying: "Member States were free to determine, on the basis of an economic analysis, the measures to be adopted for the purposes of the application of the principle of recovery of costs.
"How the Directive was to be implemented was left to the Member State, so long as the steps taken did not impede or compromise the objectives of the Directive.
"There is a wide margin of appreciation. The Directive explicitly states that a Member State may have regard to its own economic and social considerations in deciding upon costs recovery."
"Shamelessly backtracking"
Fianna Fáil has reportedly proposed that the water system be paid for through general taxation and that the principle of charging for usage should be permanently abolished.
The Irish Times say the party made the proposals in a statement to the Expert Commission on Domestic Public Water Services on how water services should be funded.
Its submission says the entire system should be funded through general taxation by way of direct subvention from the exchequer.
This marks a move away from its previous position, that charges should only be suspended for nine months.
While Green Party leader Eamon Ryan said: "Fianna Fáil's u-turn on the issue of water charges is a return to populist economics, which will cost us all dearly in the end.
“In 2009 the Green Party and Fianna Fáil agreed to implement the recommendation of the Commission on Taxation to introduce a charge which would promote conservation of scarce water supplies.
"That commitment was written into our revised Programme for Government, without any objection from any of the Fianna Fáil negotiators. There was common agreement on the need to take investment in environmental infrastructure seriously, while protecting those on low incomes.
"Now Fianna Fáil are shamelessly backtracking in an attempt to win back electoral support from Sinn Féin and the AAA/PBP.
"Michael Martin has presented no economic, social or environmental argument for the u-turn they have made."
Brendan Sinclair North American Editor Thursday 10th October 2013 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Microsoft
There is no shortage of opinions on whether the PlayStation 4 or Xbox One will sell better at launch, but some people's opinions could have more impact on the actual outcome than others. One such person would be Jonathan Marsh, the head technology buyer for the UK's John Lewis chain of department stores. Speaking to Trusted Reviews recently, Marsh gave the edge to Microsoft's latest.
"We are expecting more interest in the Xbox One," Marsh said. "We are stocking both the PS4 and the Xbox One but if we were to back one, we are thinking that Xbox One will appeal a bit more to our customers in terms of the experience it creates."
Marsh also cited the Xbox Live service and the Xbox One's lineup of launch software as factors working in Microsoft's favor, saying the games should hold considerable appeal to the store's customer base "based on what we've experienced in the past."
Marsh isn't the only one high on Microsoft's system. In July, analyst Colin Sebastian said that while he expects both systems to be supply constrained, the Xbox One could wind up ahead by virtue of outshipping the PS4 by a 3:1 ratio this year. However, not every indicator is tilting Microsoft's way. A consumer poll in the US last month found 26 percent of those surveyed were likely to purchase a PS4 this year , compared to just 15 percent for Xbox One.
Diagram of ship hull (1) Sagging and (2) Hogging under loads. Bending is exaggerated for demonstration purposes.
Hogging and sagging describe the shape of a beam or similar long object when loading is applied. Hogging describes a beam which curves upwards in the middle, and sagging describes a beam which curves downwards.
Ships [ edit ]
Hogging is the stress a ship's hull or keel experiences that causes the center or the keel to bend upward. Sagging is the stress a ship's hull or keel is placed under when a wave is the same length as the ship and the ship are in the trough of two waves. This causes the middle of the ship to bend down slightly, and depending on the level of bend, may cause the hull to snap or crack.
Sagging or dynamic hogging may have been what sank the Prestige off Spain on 19 November 2002.
The 2013 loss of container ship MOL Comfort off the coast of Yemen was attributed to hogging. Subsequent lawsuits blamed the shipbuilder for design flaws.
Hogging, or "hog", also refers to the semi-permanent bend in the keel, especially in wooden-hulled ships, caused over time by the ship's center's being more buoyant than the bow or stern. At the beginning of her 1992 refit, USS Constitution had over 13 inches (33 cm) of hog.[1] The keel blocks in the drydock were set up especially to support this curve. During her three years in drydock, the center keel blocks were gradually shortened, allowing the hog to settle out. Additionally, the diagonal riders specified in her original design to resist hogging, which had been removed in an earlier refit, were restored. The similar-sized USS Constellation had 36 inches (91 cm) of hog before refitting, when she was condemned as unsafe in 1994.[2]
During loading and discharging cargo, ships bend (hog or sag) due to the distribution of the weights in the various holds and tanks on board.
Effects on cargo loading [ edit ]
Since the maximum amount of cargo that a vessel can load often depends on whether her Plimsoll mark is submerged or not, sagging can reduce her effective cargo capacity—especially if her loadline has already been reached prematurely due to the sag.[3]
This is taken into account when calculating cargo, by applying what is called a "3/4 mean draft". This is also called the "two-thirds mean correction", directly derived from Simpson's first rule.
See also [ edit ]
Introduction to npm
by Toby Ho on 3/18/2014
This time on small.js: npm - the granddaddy of JavaScript package managers. npm is the beloved package manager for Node. It hosts over 64 thousand modules and counting. Based on data at modulecounts.com - npm is by far the fastest growing package manager, that's is compared to Ruby Gems, CPAN, PyPI, Maven plus a few others. I believe this tremendous rate of growth has everything to do with the ease with which you can write and publish an npm module - we will get to that.
npm isn't limited only to Node modules, however. Client-side JavaScript modules have also found a home on npm. In an upcoming article I will cover how to use client-side modules on npm with Browserify, but I am getting ahead of myself. First, let's start from the beginning.
Getting npm
npm comes preinstalled with Node. If you have node, you already have npm! If not, install Node - it's as easy as downloading and then running an installer.
Installing Modules
npm wants to keep dependencies of different projects separate and isolated - this is a good thing. So first, make a project:
mkdir npm_hello cd npm_hello
Now you are ready to install modules! Try this
npm install cheerio
That installs cheerio. Cheerio is a fun module - it gives you a jQuery API for parsing and manipulating a HTML document in Node - without a real browser. For example, the following script (save it as run.js ) extracts the text within each <li> in a HTML snippet:
var cheerio = require ( 'cheerio' ); var $ = cheerio . load ( '<ul>\ <li>Bob</li>\ <li>Benny</li>\ </ul>' ); $ ( 'li' ). each ( function (){ console . log ( $ ( this ). text ()); });
If you run it, you should get this result:
$ node run . js Bob Benny
Note the thing that you require - the string "cheerio" - is the same as the thing you install on the command line. This is always the case with npm, and it is nice because it removes ambiguity - it's one less thing you have to think about. It also means that if you are reading someone else's script and see require('abc') , they almost certainly got it from npm install abc .
We are off to a great start. Why not install another one? Let's install superagent - which I covered previously.
npm install superagent
This following script fetchs and prints the titles of the latest posts on Hackernews:
var cheerio = require ( 'cheerio' ); var request = require ( 'superagent' ); request . get ( 'https://news.ycombinator.com/' ) . end ( function ( reply ){ var $ = cheerio . load ( reply . text ); $ ( 'td.title a' ). each ( function (){ console . log ( $ ( this ). text ()); }); });
Run that and I got (actual result may vary)
[ Full - disclosure ] Administrivia : The End Tired of doing coding interviews on Skype ? We ' ve built this The sierpinski triangle page to end most sierpinski triangle pages Nodemailer : Easy as cake e - mail sending from your Node . js applications What Happens to Older Developers ? Needy robotic toaster sells itself if neglected Cleaning up from an IMAP server failure ... goes on for about 30 more lines ...
Look, you just made a web scrapper! Easy right? Such is the power of modules - you can connect them together like legos to make something new and brilliant!
A Closer Look: Nested Dependencies
If you've been following along, you probably noticed that npm has created a node_modules directory inside the project directory. This is where the installed modules reside. A look inside the directory shouldn't surprise you:
$ ls node_modules cheerio superagent
But, you might be wondering, do these modules have any dependencies? If so, where are they? You may remember from the first Component tutorial that Component installs the dependencies of the requested module in the same directory as the requested module. npm does things differently - it installs the dependencies in yet another node_modules directory within that module's subdirectory, and this "module nesting" can keep going indefinitely. In our scenario, we have this directory structure:
npm_hello ├ run . js └ node_modules ├ cheerio │ └ node_modules │ ├ CSSselect │ │ └ node_modules │ │ ├ CSSwhat │ │ └ domutils │ │ └ node_modules │ │ └ domelementtype │ ├ entities │ ├ htmlparser2 │ │ └ node_modules │ │ ├ domelementtype │ │ ├ domhandler │ │ ├ domutils │ │ └ readable - stream │ │ └ node_modules │ │ ├ core - util - is │ │ ├ debuglog │ │ └ string_decoder │ └ underscore └ superagent └ node_modules ├ cookiejar ├ debug ├ emitter - component ├ extend ├ formidable ├ methods ├ mime ├ qs └ reduce - component
That's a lot of modules! You can also visualize the module dependency hierarchy using npm list :
$ npm list ... / npm_hello ├─┬ cheerio @ 0.13 . 1 │ ├─┬ CSSselect @ 0.4 . 1 │ │ ├── CSSwhat @ 0.4 . 5 │ │ └─┬ domutils @ 1.4 . 0 │ │ └── domelementtype @ 1.1 . 1 │ ├── entities @ 0.5 . 0 │ ├─┬ htmlparser2 @ 3.4 . 0 │ │ ├── domelementtype @ 1.1 . 1 │ │ ├── domhandler @ 2.2 . 0 │ │ ├── domutils @ 1.3 . 0 │ │ └─┬ readable - stream @ 1.1 . 11 │ │ ├── core - util - is @ 1.0 . 1 │ │ ├── debuglog @ 0.0 . 2 │ │ └── string_decoder @ 0.10 . 25 - 1 │ └── underscore @ 1.5 . 2 └─┬ superagent @ 0.17 . 0 ├── cookiejar @ 1.3 . 0 ├── debug @ 0.7 . 4 ├── emitter - component @ 1.0 . 0 ├── extend @ 1.2 . 1 ├── formidable @ 1.0 . 14 ├── methods @ 0.0 . 1 ├── mime @ 1.2 . 5 ├── qs @ 0.6 . 5 └── reduce - component @ 1.0 . 1
Note that we can see the version number of each module too. One thing that's interesting to note is that two of the modules installed - domutils and domelementtype - are duplicates: there are two copies of each of them. That seems redundant and inefficient. Why does npm do that? There's actually a good reason - this makes it possible for two or more parent modules to depend on different versions of the same child module. In our scenario, both cheerio and htmlparser2 depend on domutils , but cheerio uses version 1.4.0 while htmlparser2 uses version 1.3.0. In general, this ability to load different versions of the same module in different contexts but still within the same app avoids a whole class of problems that have to do with version conflicts - sometimes referred to as DLL Hell. In the land of Node, there is no DLL Hell, and we all all happier for it. Is it a little less efficient in terms of disk usage? Yes, but disk is cheap, frustration is more expensive - I think this is a worthwhile tradeoff.
Making It Your Own
Now that you've gotten your feet wet, the next step is to write and publish your own module.
Setting Up A Module
The one file every module needs is package.json . Typing this file out by hand is a little tedious. Fortunately, npm init semi-automates this by asking you a series of questions on the prompt. If you are following along, use <your internet handle>-scrape as the module name. All fields except for name are optional, and you can just hit ENTER to skip them. This is how I answered the prompts
name : ( npm_hello ) airportyh - scrape version : ( 0.0 . 0 ) description : A simple web scraper . entry point : ( index . js ) test command : git repository : keywords : webscrapping author : Toby Ho license : ( ISC ) MIT
At the end it displays the resulting package.json , and you can go ahead with creating the file or abort. My file looked like this
{ "name" : "airportyh-scrape" , "version" : "0.0.0" , "description" : "A simple webscrapper." , "main" : "index.js" , "dependencies" : { "superagent" : "~0.17.0" , "cheerio" : "~0.13.1" }, "devDependencies" : {}, "scripts" : { "test" : "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1" }, "keywords" : [ "webscrapping" ], "author" : "Toby Ho" , "license" : "MIT" }
Note that npm automatically added superagent and cheerio as my module's dependencies because it found them in node_modules . Gee, that's swell, thanks npm! If you install a module after this point, and would like to add it as a dependency, simply use the --save option, as in npm install <a module> --save . If you deleted your node_modules directory for some reason, you can get all your dependencies back with the command npm install .
Writing The Module
npm also defined main - the entry point of the module - to be index.js . This is the file Node runs when someone requires the module. Using index.js to mean "top-level entry point" is a common convention, but you can use a different name if you wish. Before creating this file, consider what the API of the module would look like:
var scrape = require ( 'airportyh-scrape' ); var url = 'https://news.ycombinator.com/' ; scrape ( url , 'td.title a' , function ( err , data ){ // check for err and/or deal with data });
The API should take 3 parameters:
url - the web URL to scrape
- the web URL to scrape selector - the CSS selector to use to find elements of interest on the page
- the CSS selector to use to find elements of interest on the page callback(err, data) - a function to be called when the results are ready. It should adhere to Node's callback convention of using the first parameter for errors. The second parameter in the callback is data found and should be an array of strings.
So, here's the index.js that implements this:
var cheerio = require ( 'cheerio' ); var request = require ( 'superagent' ); module . exports = function ( url , selector , callback ){ request ( url ) . end ( function ( err , reply ){ // Node-style error handling and forwarding if ( err ) return callback ( err ); // Also handle/forward error if server returns error if ( reply . error ) return callback ( new Error ( reply . text )); // Everything okay, load the HTML var $ = cheerio . load ( reply . text ); // Find interesting bits via selector and convert to array var data = $ ( selector ). map ( function (){ return $ ( this ). text (); }). toArray (); // Pass data back to the callback in second argument callback ( null , data ); }); }
To test that this worked, modify run.js to use it:
var scrape = require ( './index' ); var url = 'https://news.ycombinator.com/' ; var selector = 'td.title a' ; scrape ( url , selector , function ( err , data ){ if ( err ) console . error ( err . message ); return } console . log ( data . join ( '
' )); });
Run to verify. Note that this time require is given a relative path: ./index - with Node/npm, this is how you require intra-project modules.
Go Forth And Publish!
Now you are ready to publish the module! If you've never published a Node module before, you'll need to register for an account on the npm registry, but that's easy:
npm adduser
This command will ask you for a username, password and your email address. You'd also use this command to log in to your existing account in the case that you are on a machine that does not have your npm user information yet.
Next,
npm publish
Wait... Congratulations! You published your first npm module! If you check the npm website, you should see yours at or near the top of the "recently updated" list of modules. How does that feel?
Now, as an exercise for the reader: make a new test project; install your newly published module from npm, and then write or modify the existing run.js to test it.
Homework
What's that look? You knew you had homework, right? Your assignment is to add a command line utility as part of the module. If a user installs your module globally
npm install < your module > - g
They should be able to run this command from the shell
scrape https : //news.ycombinator.com/ "td.title a"
and see the results. You'll need to create a cli.js in the module, and tell package.json about it via the bin property. For more information run npm help json and look for the "bin" section. You'll also need to inspect the process.argv array to get the command line arguments.
More Info
There's actually a lot more to npm that I haven't covered. Here are some good resources on npm:
* Merkel rules out Greek haircut, leaves open aid option
* Potent issue for chancellor in Sept. 22 election
* Her centre-right coalition loses slender in the latest poll
By Madeline Chambers
BERLIN, Aug 25 (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel sought to reassure voters on Sunday that Greece would not need a debt writedown but left open the option of more aid for Athens as she struggled to contain a dispute which could hurt her in next month's election.
Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble provoked a storm last week when he told a campaign rally that a new rescue for Greece was inevitable in comments that contradicted Merkel, who has said it is too early to discuss additional aid. The subject has dominated the election campaign ever since.
Merkel has tried to keep Greece out of her campaign to avoid angering Germans who fear they will foot the bill for more bailouts. She is tipped to win a third term in the Sept. 22 poll partly because voters approve of her management of the euro zone crisis and her tough line with struggling states.
The chancellor on Sunday did not rule out a further Greek bailout, saying the euro zone would look again at the situation in the country in 2014, but she told Focus magazine that she did not see a debt haircut for Greece.
Asked if she would see things more clearly after the election, she said: “The election has nothing to do with it. I am expressly warning against a haircut. It could create a domino effect of uncertainty ... in the euro zone.”
Many Germans are even more concerned about the direct hit they would take from a debt writedown than a third Greek bailout which would probably be far smaller than the previous rescues, though both are unpopular options.
As Europe's largest economy, Germany has the most exposure to Greece. Merkel could lose out if voters think she is being less than honest about Greek risks.
Private owners of Greek debt were forced to swallow significant losses on their holdings last year, but European governments and the European Central Bank have refused to take a hit so far. Germany has argued a writedown of Greek debt held by euro zone governments would be illegal.
A poll on Sunday showed that Merkel's centre-right coalition had lost its slender lead over parties on the left. If she is unable to continue her alliance with the Free Democrats (FDP), she may seek a “grand coalition” with the Social Democrats (SPD).
“SLEEPING TABLETS”
Opposition parties, who have long accused Merkel of hiding from German voters the truth that they will at some point have to pump more money into the euro zone, have seized on the issue.
Merkel's SPD rival Peer Steinbrueck said he would press her on the issue in coming weeks, including in a television debate in a week's time.
“(The government) has handed out sleeping tablets and tried to hush up the fact that the stabilisation of the euro zone will have a cost,” Steinbrueck told the Suedwest Presse newspaper.
Pollsters, however, say while the issue of Greece is dangerous for Merkel, opposition parties may not benefit as they have backed the bailouts in parliament.
On Sunday, Greek Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras said his country may need a further 10 billion euros in extra support from its euro zone partners but would not expect any loan to come with conditions attached.
Analysts have long predicted Greece will need more aid, albeit on a smaller scale than previous bailouts totalling about 240 billion euros. The IMF estimated last month Greece would face a funding gap of nearly 11 billion euros for 2014-2015.
Stournaras also ruled out another haircut, the most toxic question for German voters.
Schaeuble was bombarded by questions on the issue on Sunday at a news conference with ordinary citizens, as part of a government “open day”.
He once again ruled out a debt writedown but reiterated the government's stance that Greece's partners would “decide on further measures” in 2014 if they were needed. “The truth is that it is highly probably that it will come to that,” he said.
ECB Executive Board member Joerg Asmussen, a German, also warned that a debate about a second debt writedown was damaging.
“The repeated discussion distracts from what must be done for budget consolidation and more growth under the current programme,” Asmussen told Die Welt am Sonntag weekly.
Some economists, however, think a haircut may be unavoidable eventually. Germany's commissioner to the European Commission, Guenther Oettinger, said on Saturday he would not rule it out in the long run.
A panel of lawmakers Tuesday approved a proposal to designate several Texas “hashtags,” an effort to expand the state's use of social media.
The House Culture, Recreation and Tourism Committee voted unanimously to pass a measure by state Rep. Kenneth Sheets, R-Dallas, that would designate #txlege as the official hashtag — a label used to categorize social media posts — of the Texas Legislature. The label is already widely used on Twitter by state lawmakers, reporters and citizens watching proceedings in the Capitol.
Sheets used “Twitter language” to describe his measure, House Continuing Resolution 104, to the committee, referring to the bill as #HCR104 and addressing members by their Twitter account names.
"Hashtag thank you, Chairman 'at' Ryan Guillen," he told committee Chairman Ryan Guillen, D-Rio Grande City, as he took the podium. That translates on Twitter to "#thankyou, Chairman @RyanGuillen.”
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
In the last 24 hours, the hashtag #txlege had been used in 93 tweets per hour, reaching an audience of 2.9 million people on Twitter, Sheets said. He said social media was an important way for lawmakers to communicate with their constituents, "especially younger generations."
State Rep. John Frullo, R-Lubbock, voted “hashtag yes” on the measure. State Rep. Andrew Murr, R-Junction, one of a small number of state lawmakers who don't use Twitter, voted “pound sign yes.”
Last week, the same committee voted to name Hico the Steak Capital of Texas and the western honeybee the official State Pollinator.
Sheets also proposed resolutions to make #Texas the state hashtag and #TexasToDo the official label for Texas tourism. He said several tourism websites in the state already use the #TexasToDo label, and added that Texas would be the first state with an official hashtag. The committee passed both measures, which, along with the #txlege proposal, will be sent to the House for consideration.
No members of the public showed up to comment on Sheets' proposals, but he said there were probably lots of people testifying on Twitter.
A FAMILY has been left terrorised after their address was posted on a land league Facebook page which wrongly claimed a receiver the group has an issue with lives there.
A FAMILY has been left terrorised after their address was posted on a land league Facebook page which wrongly claimed a receiver the group has an issue with lives there.
Family has car smeared in dog excrement after land group posts their address on Facebook
The group alleges he is responsible for evicting families from their homes - a claim the receiver denies.
However the receiver does not live at the property posted on Facebook – leaving the home's current residents facing a campaign of intimidation by activists.
Nicole, who has two young children aged five and seven, told Independent.ie about how the family have felt intimidated since their address was posted.
“We were wondering why we were getting all this attention at our house," she said.
“There were a lot of people walking by, and posting Christmas cards with threatening messages on them through the letter box.
“I did a Google search of my own address to see what popped up, and found that it had been posted on this Facebook page saying that the receiver lives here.”
She told Independent.ie that as well as the threatening messages written on Christmas cards, she has also had dog excrement smeared on her car and abuse shouted at her.
She also discovered that the group are now planning a protest outside her house on Christmas day.
“They're talking about organising a protest outside on Christmas. We tried to contact these people to tell them he doesn't live here but to no avail. We're not hiding him under the kitchen table," she continued.
“There's no number or address on the page for me to get in touch with them. I've tried friending them as well.”
The family have only lived in the property since the Summer.
The Land League said it has removed the offending post.
"We are aware that a post by a third party was shared on the Land League Facebook and other Facebook pages," it said.
"The Land League did not post this.
"We immediately removed the post when drawn to or attention.
"We have been in contact with the homeowners this morning to clarify that we had no involvement with this post or the actions of others."
Online Editors
Paper parasols are an excellent surface for decoupage projects, so when I spotted a very torn paper parasol for $3 at a craft store, I knew I had to snatch it up and Mod Podge it back into shape. As you might have noticed in pictures of me, I'm one of the palest humans on earth. For me, parasols are also a great beach party companion when I need more than several applications of SPF 50 a day to keep safe from sunburn.
Supplies
tissue paper
differently sized circular objects
scissors
pencil
Outdoor Mod Podge
sponge brush
parasol
Directions
Here's the sorry state my blue parasol was in at the time I bought it:
Since that one tear is so massive, I needed to find a circle-shaped object slightly larger than the tear to trace onto tissue paper. My kitchen plates and a drinking glass worked perfectly. If your parasol isn't torn, you can get creative and use object of any size to stencil your circles onto some tissue paper.
Next, cut out all of your circles and sort them into piles by size.
It's easy in this next step to make the tear larger in your parasol since the moisture of the ‘Podge can weaken the structure of the paper parasol, so be careful. If your parasol is damaged, carefully apply a layer of Outdoor Mod Podge around the largest tear to start. Apply the ‘Podge to an area about the same size as the circle you'll be decoupaging onto the parasol. Pat a large paper circle onto the Mod Podge.
Covering a tear? Also apply a layer of Mod Podge onto the inside of the parasol to seal the back of the tear.
Back on the outside of the parasol, paint a final layer of Mod Podge over the dry side of the circle. Keep applying circles to your parasol in any pattern you like: evenly spaced polka dots, overlapping dots, you name it. If they are covering a tear, follow the steps outlined above. Otherwise, simply apply Mod Podge, smooth on a paper circle, and paint over the outside with Mod Podge. No need to paint the backside if the circle isn't covering a tear.
When all of the Mod Podge dries, paint a last layer of Outdoor Mod Podge over the entire parasol and let dry for a couple days. Not only does the Outdoor Mod Podge seal the parasol, but it makes it better for outdoor use than in its original, plain paper form.
I first posted this project at Mod Podge Rocks. I write a monthly tutorial for Mod Podge Rocks, which you should check out on Facebook, Pinterest & Twitter for tons of decoupage craft project instructions.
Fifth Third Bancorp will pay more than 13,500 employees a bonus and raise the minimum wage of its workforce to $15 an hour after the passage of the Republican tax plan that will cut the bank's corporate tax rate.
Fifth Third is yet another company to announce a bonus for employees because of the tax plan. AT&T said earlier Wednesday that it would pay more than 200,000 U.S. employees $1,000 each and increase its capital spending budget by $1 billion.
Wells Fargo, meanwhile, also said it would be boosting its minimum wage for employees to $15 an hour, which was prompted by the tax plan. The San Francisco-based bank also said it would target $400 million in donations to community and nonprofit organizations next year.
Cincinnati-based Fifth Third, the fifteenth largest U.S. bank by asset size, said the tax cut allowed it to re-evaluate its employee pay and pass along some of the windfall. Nearly 3,000 workers will see hourly wages rise to $15. The $1,000 one-time bonus is expected to be paid by the end of this year, the bank said, assuming President Donald Trump signs the bill into law by Christmas.
Senior managers and top executives are excluded from the special payments. "It is good for our communities, employees and Fifth Third Bank," said CEO Greg Carmichael in a statement.
Haiti's supreme voodoo leader has vowed to wage "war" after Evangelicals attacked a ceremony organised by his religion honouring those killed in last month's massive earthquake.
The attack on Tuesday in the capital's sprawling Cite Soleil slum came amid rising religious tensions, as Protestant Evangelicals and other denominations recruit followers in the wake of the earthquake that killed more than 200,000.
Some of the fresh converts have said they did so because they believed God caused the earthquake.
"It will be war - open war," Max Beauvoir, supreme head of Haitian voodoo, said in an interview at his home and temple outside the capital.
"It's unfortunate that at this moment where everybody's suffering, that they have to go into war. But if that is what they need, I think that is what they'll get."
The pain for Sony continues. Today the company finally managed to get the PlayStation Store back online fully and new content uploaded, but that won't be the biggest Sony headline of the day.
Hacker group LulzSec is claiming to have successfully hacked SonyPictures.com. Once access had been gained they managed to compromise the details of 1 million user accounts including passwords, e-mail addresses, full home addresses, and date of birth.
On top of that, Sony Pictures accounts also have a number of opt-in features that contain further information about each user depending on what each signs up for. LulzSec state all of that detail was available to them. They also managed to get the details of all admin accounts for the website.
The pain for Sony doesn't stop there, though. 75,000 music codes and 3.5 million music coupons are thought to have been taken. We believe these are codes that allow you to purchase Sony music tracks at a discounted price, or in some cases even for free.
LulzSec have released a sample zip file containing just a small number of records and details they manage to gain access to. We can confirm it does indeed include detailed information on users as well as the coupons and codes.
The most damning thing revealed by this hack is the fact that Sony stored all the Sony Pictures account passwords in plain text. No encryption means no work for the hackers, beyond gaining access to the server.
This is sure to cause yet more upset for Sony in the press and with users. It also means they have millions of codes to mark as unusable on their system asap.
Read more at Pastebin
ALAMO (CBS SF) – The idea of using drone technology to showcase high-end real estate is taking off with some Bay Area realtors.
On Monday, a house in the East Bay town of Alamo was being prepped to go on the market for nearly $1.5 million. To really showcase the home and its view of Mt Diablo, the realtors brought in a drone.
“You get the scale, you get the feeling of the actual home. You can see, ‘hey, this thing's on an acre. This is what it looks like,'” said Randy Churchill of Dudum Real Estate.
Churchill hired a company to produce aerial video of the house using a small commercial drone. He plans to post the footage online as a way of marketing directly to potential buyers.
“Between social media, Twitter, you name it…they will see the video before they even contact their own realtor,” said Churchill.
The man operating the drone didn't want to be captured by KPIX 5 cameras because he knows the FAA has prohibited the commercial use of drones. Eventually they'll be regulated, but no one seems to be waiting.
“It's something that's going to continue to grow,” said the unidentified operator. “There's more and more companies that are using it…it's limitless because it really bridges the gap between something on the ground and a full-size helicopter.”
Churchill says for the $500 he'll spend on the drone video he may get 10,000 hits online, making it very cost-effective relative to hiring a private helicopter.
“This will be something that we do now on every home that we're marketing in this price-point,” said Churchill.
Corrupt motive is in the eye of the beholder, and the beholder's eyes are often more open to charges of corrupt motives on the part of their political enemies than their political allies.
In political cases – especially those not involving money – the act itself is constitutionally protected, and the motive, which is often mixed, is placed on trial. It becomes the sole criteria for turning a constitutionally authorized political act into a felony.
"Corrupt motive" is an extraordinarily vague and open-ended term that can be expanded or contracted at the whim of zealous or politically motivated prosecutors. It is bad enough when this accordion-like term is used in the context of economic corruption, but it is far worse – and more dangerous to liberty – when used in the context of political disagreements.
My academic and political colleagues who insist that President Trump has obstructed justice point to his allegedly "corrupt motive" in firing former FBI Director James Comey after telling him that he "hoped" he would end his investigation of General Michael Flynn. They concede – as Comey himself did – that the President has the constitutional authority to fire the director and to order him to end (or start) any investigation, just as he has the authority to pardon anyone being investigated. But they argue that these constitutionally authorized innocent acts become criminal if the President was "corruptly motivated."
This is a dangerous argument that no civil libertarian should be pressing. Nor would they be pressing it if the shoe were on the other foot. If Hillary Clinton had been elected and Republicans were investigating her for asking the Attorney General to describe the investigation of her as a "matter" rather than a "case," my colleagues would be arguing against an expansive view of existing criminal statutes, as they did when Republicans were demanding that she be locked up for espionage. The same would be true if Bill Clinton or former Attorney General Loretta Lynch were being investigated for his visit to her when she was investigating his wife's misuse of email servers.
"Corrupt motive" is an extraordinarily vague and open-ended term that can be expanded or contracted at the whim of zealous or politically motivated prosecutors. It is bad enough when this accordion-like term is used in the context of economic corruption, but it is far worse – and more dangerous to liberty – when used in the context of political disagreements. In commercial cases where corrupt intent may be an element, the act itself is generally not constitutionally protected. It often involves a grey area financial transaction. But in political cases – especially those not involving money – the act itself is constitutionally protected, and the motive, which is often mixed, is placed on trial. It becomes the sole criterion for turning a constitutionally authorized political act into a felony.
What constitutes a corrupt motive will often depend on the political bias of the accuser. For some Democrats, the motives of all Republicans are suspect. The same is true for some Republicans. Corrupt motive is in the eye of the beholder, and the beholder's eyes are often more open to charges of corrupt motives on the part of their political enemies than their political allies.
President Donald Trump (Image source: Michael Vadon/Wikimedia Commons)
I know because I am currently being accused of being corruptly motivated in making my argument against charging President Trump with obstruction of justice. My emails are filled with such charges. The following email is typical:
"I want to know how much the Trump administration is funnelling to you under the table, of course, to keep your support of him off the record? And if it's not money, what sort pay off is it? Favors, promises, bribes...what?? Why all the secrecy when indirectly advising his legal team via cable networks' panel discussions? I think your games, shenanigans and defense of this very disturbing man give the legal profession a black eye. Shame on you! Why not come out and openly defend Trump which you are obviously doing through innuendo?"
Other emails I have received include the following: "PLEASE BE TRUTHFUL. YOU ARE NOT A LIBERAL BUT RATHER A ZIONIST REPUBLICAN AUTHORITARIAN BIGOT" as well as "SELLING YOUR OPINION/SERVICES TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER!"
My motives have also been questioned by some of my academic and political colleagues. Am I being paid? Am I auditioning to be Trump's lawyer? Do I want to be appointed to a judgeship? Am I really a secret Republican? Did I really vote for Clinton? Do I expect favors in return for my arguments?
The point is that many of those who disagree with my arguments refuse to believe that I am making them out of principle. They assume a corrupt motive.
The same is true in the larger political context. Each side believes the other is corrupt to the core. They question each other's motives. That is why using the concept of "corrupt motive" to criminalize constitutionally authorized political actions is a dangerous double-edged sword that can be used against both Democrats and Republicans by politically motivated prosecutors.
Before the recent efforts to expand the obstruction statute to cover President Trump, many civil libertarians, political liberals, defense attorneys and even judges were rightly critical of the expansive use of "corrupt motive" both in the context of commercial and political cases. But now that they see an opportunity to use this overbroad concept to "get" President Trump, many of these same people have become enthusiastic supporters of expanding the open-ended law even further in a short-sighted effort to criminalize the constitutionally protected actions of a president they dislike.
Anglo-American law is based on precedent. What happens today can be used tomorrow. So beware of creating precedents that lie around like loaded weapons in the hands of over-zealous or politically motivated prosecutors.
Alan M. Dershowitz is the Felix Frankfurter Professor of Law, Emeritus, at Harvard Law School and author of "Taking the Stand: My Life in the Law" and "Electile Dysfunction: A Guide for the Unaroused Voter."
It has become a tradition for opponents to applaud the new champions on to the pitch once the league title is secure and it is something that United have done for other clubs, including Arsenal, under Sir Alex Ferguson.
Arsenal and their manager, Arsène Wenger, have not yet formally confirmed that there will be a guard of honour but it is understood that there is an acceptance within the club that the protocol should be followed.
The sight of Van Persie being personally acclaimed will be a difficult moment for many at the Emirates Stadium. He spent eight years at Arsenal but was sold for £24 mil­lion after refusing to decide on a new contract last summer. The club believe they had no choice as he would have left on a free transfer this summer.
Arsenal's hopes of qualifying for the Champions League were dealt a blow yesterday when Olivier Giroud was banned for three of their remaining four Premier League matches.
Arsenal had lodged an appeal with the Football Association over Giroud's red card against Fulham on Saturday, arguing that their striker slipped as he challenged Stanislav Manolev.
Media playback is not supported on this device Watch highlights as Konta's run ends in semi-finals against Kerber
Australian Open Venue: Melbourne Park Dates: 18-31 January Coverage: Live radio and text commentary on all Andy Murray matches, plus highlights on BBC TV and BBC Sport website.
Johanna Konta's superb Australian Open run came to an end with defeat by German seventh seed Angelique Kerber in the semi-finals.
Konta, the first British woman for 33 years to play in a Grand Slam semi-final, went down 7-5 6-2 in Melbourne.
"I played against a better player today who earned her right to a Grand Slam final," said the British number one.
Media playback is not supported on this device Konta happy with display despite defeat
The 24-year-old collects £370,000 in prize money, while her ranking is set to jump from 47 to inside the top 30.
Kerber, 28, goes on to face world number one Serena Williams, who took just 64 minutes to thrash Polish fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska 6-0 6-4.
The American, 34, is the defending champion and is chasing a seventh Australian Open and 22nd Grand Slam title.
Konta errors count her out
The Briton made a nervous start and could not stem a flow of errors that kept the pressure off Kerber.
Konta ended the match with 36 unforced errors to the German's 11, having dropped serve five times over an hour and 22 minutes.
She looked every bit the debutante at this level as she slipped 3-0 down, with Kerber - twice a Grand Slam semi-finalist - hardly required to do anything but keep the ball in play in the early stages.
There was real hope for Konta when she found some rhythm and clawed her way back to lead 5-4 in the first set, but Kerber broke again at 5-5 and would lose just two more games.
'I'm really hungry to keep improving'
Konta will move up to 28 in the world rankings
Konta was upbeat after her loss, insisting: "I don't think I missed an opportunity."
She felt Kerber simply played better, adding there were a lot of positives to take from her straight-set defeat.
"I'm really hungry to keep improving and keep enjoying what I'm doing," she said. "So that's where I'm at.
"I just will go back, keep working hard, keep improving the things that I want to improve and keep enjoying what I'm doing."
'She will only get better'
Konta's progress over the past 12 months has been described as "phenomenal" by GB Davis Cup captain Leon Smith.
"Jo should be so proud of herself, the way she's played and handled herself," he told BBC Radio 5 Live. "Yes, she'll be disappointed today, but she probably can't wait to get going again."
Jo Durie, Britain's last female Grand Slam semi-finalist, and former British number one Greg Rusedski both tweeted praise for Konta.
Rusedski, who reached the US Open final in 1997, wrote: "Great run for @JoKonta91 getting to the semifinals of a GS for the first time. Now into the top 30 in the world. She will only get better."
Analysis
BBC tennis correspondent Russell Fuller:
Johanna Konta says she has learnt to 'feel comfortable being uncomfortable' during her run to the semi-final.
The experience of winning five Grand Slam matches in a row and working through some stressful periods will stand her in great stead.
She will be 28 in the world when the rankings are updated on Monday and has very few points to defend until the grass-court season begins in June, so she has an excellent chance of being seeded for both the French Open and Wimbledon.
She has also earned the right to play in any tournament she chooses to, anywhere in the world.
It has been a phenomenal performance by a player, who before her run to the fourth round of the US Open last September, had only ever won one match in a Grand Slam main draw.
Williams crushes Radwanska
Radwanska was on a 13-match winning run, but she had lost all eight previous meetings with Williams and was again overwhelmed.
Williams is through to her 26th Grand Slam final
Williams was utterly dominant in the first set, her power advantage most obvious as she demolished the 5ft 8in Pole's serve, winning 12 of 16 return points as she took it in 20 minutes.
The American's form fell away in the second set, allowing Radwanska to recover from 3-1 down with four straight games that roused a crowd sympathetic to the Pole's plight.
But Radwanska missed a forehand to drop serve at 4-4 and Williams, despite racking up 13 errors to four in the first set, found three aces in a row on her way to serving out the match.
"I'm really excited to be in another final, it kind of blows my mind right now," said Williams.
Radwanska said it would be difficult for anyone to stop Williams.
"If she's playing her best tennis, it's a big difference," she said. "I don't think anyone can really play on that level."
But Kerber responded: "I'm really looking forward to playing Serena in the final. I have nothing to lose and will give it everything."
Minnesota Democratic Sen. Al Franken resigned from Congress two weeks ago amid continuing sexual-misconduct allegations. However, he's yet to say when he'll empty his Capitol Hill office, even after his replacement was appointed earlier this week.
“Tina Smith will make an excellent United States senator. … I look forward to working with her on ensuring a speedy and seamless transition,” Franken said after the state lieutenant governor was appointed, without mentioning when he'll leave.
In his Dec. 7 resignation speech, Franken said only that he'll be leaving in the “coming weeks.”
Multiple people on Capitol Hill, including those in Senate leadership, told Fox News that they don't know when Franken will leave.
“I'll be coming home,” was Franken's only response to a question after future plans, after his Senate floor resignation speech.
Franken was back at work this week, casting votes in the Senate, participating in a committee hearing, attending a senators-only luncheon with Democrats and even posing for a picture with a group of high school students.
The two-term senator, first elected in 2008, had initially intended to let a Senate ethics committee investigate the allegations against him.
However, a seventh claim on Dec. 6., by a woman claiming Franken tried to forcibly kiss her in 2006, resulted in a chorus of female Democratic senators -- including New York's Kirsten Gillibrand and California's Kamala Harris -- calling for his resignation, effectively forcing his departure.
Franken, in his speech, noted his original plan regarding an ethics investigation, which he thought would help. And he argued that “some of the allegations against me are simply not true. Others, I remember very differently.”
Franken also suggested that him leaving elected office while President Trump remains in the Oval Office after bragged on tape about his history of sexual misconduct is "ironic."
Such statements have led to speculation that Franken, a former comedian, is having second thoughts about his next steps, or that he's at least in no hurry to be run out of Washington, especially after members of both political parties have raised similar arguments.
Zephyr Teachout, a Democrat who ran for governor of New York, said in an op-ed in the New York Times that she was left with a sense of "something went wrong" when Franken announced he was stepping down.
"Zero tolerance (of sexual misconduct) should go hand in hand with two other things: due process and proportionality," Teachout wrote. "Both were missing in the hasty call for Senator Franken's resignation."
She also said due process "means a fair, full investigation, with a chance for the accused to respond."
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, R-Ga., said the forced resignation "was a lynch mob.”
“Let's not have due process,” he said. “Let's not ask anybody any questions, let's not have any chance to have a hearing, let's just lynch him."
Two other members of Congress have recently resigned, then left office after allegations of sexual misconduct.
Michigan Rep. John Conyers, 88, resigned roughly 15 days after such allegations surfaced.
And Arizona GOP Rep. Trent Franks resigned and left office about a day after being informed about a House ethics investigation on him regarding alleged sexual harassment.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The Nebraska Public Service Commission approved the Keystone XL pipeline, removing the last regulatory hurdle for the oil project after years of former President Barack Obama's blocking the pipeline's approval.
The Nebraska Public Service Commission approved the pipeline, 3-2, for it to run through the state. The Keystone XL pipeline will move 830,000 barrels per day of crude oil from Canada and North Dakota to oil refineries in the Gulf Coast. Obama blocked permits for the pipeline in 2015, claiming it would “undercut” American climate leadership.
Obama argued in 2015:
Frankly, approving this project would have undercut that global leadership, and that's the biggest risk we face; not acting. Because if ultimately if we're going to prevent large parts of this Earth from becoming not only inhospitable but uninhabitable in our lifetimes, we're going to have to keep some of our fossil fuels in the ground rather than burn them.
President Donald Trump quickly reversed Obama's decision after taking office. Trump has pursued an energy policy of “energy dominance,” which sought to undo burdensome energy regulations and open up America's energy resources.
For a while it seemed like every crime movie, whether a drama, comedy, or something awkwardly in-between, would feature a scene in which a team of over-worked cops would cram into the back of an unmarked surveillance van, packed with cameras, microphones, and someone telling everyone else to shush while holding a big pair of headphones up to one ear. It's a cliché in a post-Edward Snowden world, an outdated one as well, but it's an image which has nonetheless left a lasting impression on what people think of when they think of law enforcement surveillance. Admit it, you've probably walked past a nondescript van parked outside an equally nondescript storefront, and wondered–if only for a split second–whether you'd stumbled across a top-secret stakeout.
For residents of Oakland, California, though, that nondescript van might be something very different.
There, a 1963 Ford Falcon has been transformed into an interactive, and very public, exploration of surveillance: its methods, consequences, and impact on the community being observed. It's all part of “Eye On Oakland,” a multi-venue exhibit created by The Center For Investigative Reporting, and Oakland's Mobile Arts Platform which, for the coming months, will be cruising that city's streets and speaking with local residents about their feelings toward living under law enforcement observation. The repurposed van will reportedly contain monitors featuring CCTV footage, social media feeds, audio, and interviews from previous installation visitors.
Beyond simply speaking to, and hearing from, local Oaklanders, the conversations happening in and around “Eyes on Oakland” will then be used as part of “an interactive, community-powered installation” at the Oakland Museum's “Who Is Oakland?” exhibit, which opens April 11.
Per its website “Who Is Oakland?” describes itself as:
Addressing a range of topics including the city's natural beauty, food culture, gentrification, and the history of activism and social justice movements, the exhibition includes video works that reveal the changing face of the city, including Oakland citizens speaking about what it means to be from Oakland. Presented as a dynamic and participatory experience, visitors are invited to add their own stories to the artists' installations and online throughout the run of the exhibition.
The project is in part a response to Oakland's “Domain Awareness Center,” a high-tech, and highly controversial surveillance project which began in 2009 as a method to observe and police that city's docks, grew into a city-wide data collection and processing initiative, and was ultimately rolled back into something closer to its initial profile.
Explains The Center For Investigative Reporting:
We want “Eyes on Oakland” to be an opportunity to discuss the types of data that police collect, why they're collected, how they're used and stored, and who has access. And we want to take the information beyond the walls of City Hall and directly into Oakland's neighborhoods, putting information into residents' hands and hearing what they have to say.
Given Edward Snowden's recent revelations to Last Week Tonight host John Oliver regarding the government's ability to, among other things, look at our dick pics, engaging exhibits such this become all the more important, giving communities the means to both learn about, and demand accountability from, those charged with protecting them.
To learn more about “Eye On Oakland” you can track the van on Twitter (try doing that with a real police surveillance vehicle) and catch highlights on the project's tumblr page.
Minneapolis School Board Member Mohamud Noor and longtime incumbent DFL Rep. Phyllis Kahn must now campaign toward August.
Noor, a Somali activist, blocked an endorsement at the DFL Senate District 60 convention on Saturday in a competitive state House race that's pitted the growing political power of Minneapolis' East African community against Kahn's more than 40 years of experience winning her way back to the Legislature. The two candidates must now campaign to an August primary in order to settle the party's nomination for the November general elections.
What first looked like an impending win for Kahn – who was just six votes from securing the DFL endorsement for House District 60B on the first ballot of the convention – ground out into five ballots of almost no vote movement between the opposing camps, though Kahn's support slowly diminished slightly. Either candidate would have had to reach a 60 percent threshold to secure the nod.
A jubilant Noor, who was lifted into the air by his supporters, took a run around DeLaSalle High School on Nicollet Island hugging activists and delegates who helped him stymie the endorsement, which he had pledged to abide by earlier in the day. He took the deadlock as a success.
“We have the students ready to support me, we have the immigrants ready to support me, we have the progressives in this district ready to support me, so this was a big win for all of them,” Noor told reporters after the convention ended Saturday evening. “This is what we're looking for, to unite the voices of the district.”
Kahn, who has served in the Legislature since 1972, said she'd obviously hoped to secure the endorsement, but appeared confident. Roughly 300 DFL activists from the district, which includes the University of Minnesota, Cedar Riverside and Prospect Park, showed up on Saturday to back their candidates. That process will now be opened up to a much larger swath of voters across the district.
“I'm going to win it,” Kahn said, referring to the primary. “I don't want to say easily — it's going to take a lot of work.”
Noor said that nobody could know what was going to happen for sure going into the convention. Shortly before the first ballot, Noor supporters in bright blue shirts crowded into a second-floor room in the high school eating lunch and talking. With almost no room to move, the delegates and campaign activists were energized. With just minutes to spare before the floor was frozen and delegates would be barred from re-entering, Hashim Yonis, a Noor ally, burst into the room shouting “Three minutes!” The repurposed classroom quickly emptied.
But the first ballot's results weren't good news for Noor. Kahn received 58.1 percent of the vote, while Noor trailed at 41.5 percent. Roughly four hours and five ballots later, Kahn had been reduced to 56.3 percent while Noor had jumped up to 43.3 percent. After the five ballots, more than half the attendees voted to adjourn the meeting, thus ensuring a primary election.
Observers commented that they were surprised that Noor was able to hold out over five ballots with such a small margin of votes necessary to knock him out of the race.
“That to me was the shock of the night, because everybody was thinking that at the second ballot he would need to make a concession speech,” Ilhan Omar, vice chairwoman of the Senate District 60 DFL, said in an interview after the convention.
The contest between Noor and Kahn has been contentious – and marred by violence. During the Feb. 4 precinct caucuses in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood, Omar, a Minneapolis City Council aide, was attacked and later treated for a concussion.
The state DFL and St. Paul Police – Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges outsourced the investigation to ensure it was impartial – are still investigating the matter. Omar was at Saturday's convention performing her final duties as outgoing vice chairwoman of the Senate District party.
The race appeared competitive going into the convention.
Noor secured the endorsements of former Minneapolis Mayor RT Rybak, former House Minority Leader Matt Entenza, the DFL Feminist Caucus, Stonewall DFL and Minnesota Young DFL. Kahn enjoys the backing of Gov. Mark Dayton, U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison, former City Councilwoman Diane Hofstede and a number of labor unions.
The candidates must now pivot into a more formal campaign — and separate themselves both through organizing and on issues. During a candidate question and answer session, Kahn said the first bill she would put in next session would be aimed at aggressively addressing climate change. Noor said he would try to implement universal pre-kindergarten education in the state.
Kahn faced a primary challenge in 2000 from Brian Biele, with a turnout of 3,425 voters. She got 68 percent of the vote to Biele's 32 percent.
“Now we're moving to give each and every voter an opportunity to decide who's going to be their next legislator,” Noor said. “They're getting an opportunity to decide for themselves.”
Liverpool FC, one of the most famous soccer clubs in the world, announced today that it has appointed Peter Moore as its new Chief Executive Officer. And yes, it's that Peter Moore, formerly of Sega, Microsoft, and nearly a decade at Electronic Arts, most recently as the chief competition officer of its competitive gaming division.
Peter Moore appointed as #LFC's chief executive officer. Full statement: https://t.co/cXj29GwRS4 pic.twitter.com/pKgiULrgGBFebruary 27, 2017
In a message of congratulations, EA CEO Andrew Wilson said Moore will "leave an incredible legacy" at the company. "Peter led our sports business to some of its biggest moments as President of EA Sports. As our Chief Operating Officer, he helped us navigate the transformation of our company and the evolution of our business in a digital world. In the past year as Chief Competition Officer, he has driven EA's rapid expansion in competitive gaming. Above all, through his time at EA, Microsoft and Sega, Peter has been a statesman and advocate for our industry," Wilson wrote.
"I believe deeply in following our passions and dreams in life. Spend every moment doing something that you love. We've been fortunate to have Peter doing that with us here for almost a decade. We could not be happier to see him take the helm at Liverpool, and I personally could not be more honored to call Peter a dear friend for life."
In its somewhat less verbose announcement of the move, Liverpool FC said Moore will assume the role in June, and report directly to the team's owner, Fenway Sports Group.
Moore, who was actually born in Liverpool and is known for his long-standing support of the club, takes over from Ian Ayre, who is departing at the end of this month to assume the managing director role at German club 1860 Munich. Moore will work alongside the still-newish manager Jurgen Klopp, who once likened his own preferred style of soccer to "heavy metal". Should be a fun gig.
Who's responsible for runaway inflation, uncontrolled gang violence and the highest rate of kidnapping for ransom in the world?
The lackeys of global capitalism at Kraft Heinz (KHC), of course. At least that's what Venezuela's socialist President Nicolas Maduro reckons. He's now threatening to jail the company's local managers for sabotaging the country's economy by creating what he says are artificial shortages.
Speaking on his weekly program on national TV Tuesday, Maduro said he's “had enough” of the “bourgeois parasites” at Heinz. He said state inspectors would descend on the company's local headquarters Wednesday and investigate denunciations against the company by its own workforce, the Telesur TV website said, citing news agency EFE.
Maduro said he'd received information from workers at the company saying it had deliberately let two and a half tons of wheat flour expire rather than convert it into food products. The company said at the time the flour went bad because it couldn't source the other raw materials needed to make the finished goods.
“I believe in the working class and I think that those workers are telling the truth,” Maduro said.
Venezuela has had no answer this year to the fallout from the collapse in oil prices, which account for over 95% of its exports. The International Monetary Fund expects inflation to reach nearly 160% (sic) this year, and gross domestic product to shrink by 10%. Although the country's currency is pegged officially at 6.35 bolivars to the dollar, on the street, a dollar will buy over 900 bolivars, according to the website Dolartoday. Shortages of basic goods, including beer and toilet paper, have become widespread.
Nor is there any relief on the horizon. Ministers from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries look as far as ever from agreeing output cuts to support oil prices when they meet in Vienna, Austria, on Friday. Crude oil futures have been stuck below $43 a barrel for the last two weeks, down some 60% from their levels in the middle of last year.
Against such a background, many suspect the President of seeking scapegoats among such foreign investors as are still present in the country.
For the third time, Jeremy Stephens will headline a UFC card – and he'll be looking for his first win in a UFC main event.
Stephens (26-14 MMA, 13-13 UFC) will take on Dooho Choi (14-2 MMA, 3-1 UFC) in the UFC Fight Night 124 headliner next month in St. Louis, which also will be the UFC's debut in that city. The fight was booked three weeks ago, but earlier this week the UFC confirmed it will head up the card.
UFC Fight Night 124 takes place Jan. 14 at Scottrade Center in St. Louis. The event airs on FS1 following prelims on UFC Fight Pass.
Stephens, who's been with the UFC for more than a decade, is consistently one of the organization's most exciting sluggers. But the 31-year-old Iowa native was stuck in a 2-5 skid, which included fights against some of the featherweight division's elite, before rebounding in September with a “Fight of the Night” bonus-winning victory over former Strikeforce champion Gilbert Melendez at UFC 215. The victory, which came via brutal leg kicks, netted him his seventh career UFC fight-night bonus.
Stephens first headlined a UFC shows against Joe Lauzon at UFC Fight Night 17 in 2009. He tapped to an armbar in the second round. In June 2014, he headlined UFC Fight Night 44 against Cub Swanson and dropped a unanimous decision – though he picked up a “Fight of the Night” bonus for his efforts.
Choi, better known as “The Korean Superboy,” is a 26-year-old Korean fighter who was riding high after winning his first three UFC fights – all via knockout. It pushed his overall winning streak to 12. But after a step up in competition, the knockout artist suffered a decision loss to Swanson at UFC 206, though he picked up a “Fight of the Night” bonus and earned “Fight of the Year” accolades. Choi hasn't fought in 2017 due to injuries.
The UFC Fight Night 124 lineup includes:
Jeremy Stephens vs. Dooho Choi
Vitor Belfort vs. Uriah Hall
Jessica-Rose Clark vs. Paige VanZant
Emil Meek vs. Kamaru Usman
Darren Elkins vs. Michael Johnson
James Krause vs. Alex White
Matt Frevola vs. Marco Polo Reyes
Thiago Alves vs. Zak Cummings
Jessica Eye vs. Kalindra Faria
J.J. Aldrich vs. Danielle Taylor
Irene Aldana vs. Talita Bernardo
Guido Cannetti vs. Kyung Ho Kang
Mads Burnell vs. Mike Santiago
For more on UFC Fight Night 124, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
Company confused the tornado-damaged home of a Texas woman with that of her neighbor's, which was scheduled for demolition: ‘They took everything'
A demolition crew tore down the wrong house in north Texas, leaving two families who had hoped to rebuild their tornado-damaged home with nothing but a slab foundation.
“It's like it happened again – like a tornado came through again,” said Lindsay Diaz, who owned one half of the two-family house on Calypso Drive in the city of Rowlett, about 25 miles northeast of Dallas.
We've already been through a lot with the tornado, and now this ... Those guys ruined my life Lindsay Diaz
The one story brick house had been severely damaged on 26 December, 2015, when violent tornados swept through north Texas, killing 13 people and causing about $50m in damage to private homes in Rowlett, according to the Dallas Morning News.
But Diaz and her neighbors, who own the other half of the two-family home, decided to repair the structure, rather than sell or totally rebuild.
“I was underinsured,” Diaz said. “I didn't have enough money to demolish and rebuild from the ground up. I had just enough to fix it.”
Lindsay Diaz's home, demolished by mistake. Photograph: Lindsay Diaz
Diaz's contractor was scheduled to submit a building permit to the city on 22 March, with the hope of completing the repairs by the end of the summer. But then she received a phone call from her neighbor while she was driving home from work at the Dallas Fort Worth airport.
“My neighbor called me. She was hysterical and crying. She said, ‘I hope you're sitting down. Someone demolished the house by mistake',” Diaz recalled. “I was so upset, and I was just hoping that it was a bad joke – that someone was messing with me. But I got there, and it was just a slab. They took everything.”
The mistake came about because the demolition crew - employed by Billy L Nabors Demolition, a 50-year-old business based in nearby Seagoville, Texas – went to the wrong address. They were supposed to demolish another tornado-damaged house one block away, on Cousteau Drive.
“The incident is under investigation,” said an employee of Billy L Nabors Demolition reached by phone. The employee declined to comment further, but according to local ABC affiliate WFAA, the company CEO George Gomez said that the mistake was “not a big deal.”
Perhaps not to him, but for Diaz, who has an eight-month-old child, the mixup is a huge blow. The crew threw away a water tank and water heater that she had hoped to salvage, as well as personal items – including her collection of antique Coca-Cola bottles – that she had been storing in the house. She expects that she'll now have to battle Nabors' insurance company, and start all over with her plans to rebuild.
“We've already been through a lot with the tornado, and now this,” she said. “Those guys ruined my life. They just demolished it.”
What did Marcus Aurelius mean when he said “Poverty is the mother of crime”? Surely he wasn't trying to justify crime? The vast majority of poor people keep on ‘the straight and narrow' without turning to crime?
No, he wasn't justifying crime; he was simply being realistic. When they see affluence all around them, some of the people who've been consigned to society's margins will consider they haven't much to lose by breaking the law – and they'd be dead right.
Thomas Piketty's Capital in the Twenty-First Century shows the rate of return to wealth has been increasing at a greater rate than economic growth [r > g], so there seems to be good reason for governments to reinforce their law enforcement if they're to address the projected increase in criminal activity?
But that would be to treat outcomes. Is there any way to address the cause?
Yes there is. There is unethical behaviour and white collar crime at the ‘top' end of the wealth spectrum which interferes with the poor and middle class receiving their fair share of the national product. “Interferes”? That seems to connote a particular mechanism? Yes, it's a very simple, but little understood, method of diverting the national wealth away from its producers to the drones or parasites who don't produce it.
We once recognised the surplus in the production process was the ‘economic rent' of our natural resources, and by taxing land values, we built railways, roads, dams and bridges from the uplift in value this capital expenditure provided to surrounding lands. This was called ‘land value capture' or ‘land value taxation', and our municipal rates were based upon the principle.
But we began to listen to those stooges who cried that “a man's home is his castle” and shouldn't be subject of significant taxation – and “what about the poor widow?” So, in deference to these emotive cries, we gradually reduced land-based revenues on publicly-created land values and increased taxes on wages and profits. But were the latter not earned incomes – the real ‘private property'?
Yes, we were sold a pup by the 0.1%. They'd convinced us to wind back revenues on society's surplus–some 30% of the economy–and leave it largely to them. The fact that up to 70% of post-WWII Australians had become landowners, made the 0.1%'s case all the easier and we fell for their ‘pea and thimble' trick. The uber-wealthy not only owned more real estate, but also the most valuable real estate. Nevertheless, we 99.9% were prepared to trade paying our share of a publicly-created value for taxes on our incomes and purchases. And we've come to consider this as ‘normal': the 0.1% has won!
The 0.1%, including the big banks, have become bludgers and parasites, living off the ill-gotten gains of privately financing the public economic rent. It is they who create the crime of poverty.
So, it seems quite incredible that Thomas Piketty could write a gargantuan book about capital in the 21st century without discovering the mechanism by which we've all been deceived and screwed. You, too, have become one of their suckers, Thomas!
Oh well, we should be able to see the likely outcomes if this scenario is to be allowed to continue: declining wages; increasing private debt; urban and environmental decay; further economic collapse; increasing poverty; greater crime.
I guess we get what a totally uneducated polity deserves?
Cell Standby Battery Drain:
Screen off=data/wifi off it no traffic (with Night Mode):
How does Tasker work? How can I optimize these profiles/tasks for my needs?
What are Profiles?
What are Tasks?
How do the profiles from this thread?
On my todolist:
You say..
Changelog v1.3:
Added Greenify's hibernate now to both screen off tasks
Changelog v1.2:
Added AutoSync (every 10 minutes if screen is off)
These profiles include the greenify hibernate action from its plugin. If you have troubles with it you have to remove and readd it (on both Screen off tasks) cz my plugin is german. (plugin → hibernate)
You need Secure Settings for tasker or it won't work!! I used Secure Settings because Secure Settings can off only the cell radio. Tasker supports it, too. But not for Jelly Bean and I'm using 4.2.2 :/
How to import *.prj.xml files:
Hey Guys!!Maybe some of you know it. The cell standby drains a lot of battery. I live in a mounterial arrea and it's really annoying. So I searched a bit on Google and build a small Tasker "Script" to reduce the draining. I'm using it now for 6 weeks and it's working good! It reduced my cell standby from 35% to 2%.So what's the magic?First tasker will turn Airplane Mode (only cell!) on if you don't have signal. Then it'll wait for 5 minutes and check it again. Yes this sounds really simple but it was hard to build it.I hope I can help you with sharing my experiences!Hey Guys, I have been looking for a solution for this problem for quite a while myself. Now I found a good solution to collect the current traffic on all interfaces. I will share a detailed explanation on how to set it up.First off, what will happen?If you want tasker to turn Wifi or Mobile Data off when you have the turn Screen off normally you have the problem that it will interrupt all downloads. This Profile will try to read the traffic. If the traffic is below 15 kb it will turn wifi or mobile data off. If not it'll wait until it is below 15kb. Later If you turn your screen on again tasker will activate mobile data and wifi. It'll wifi doesn't connect to a network (in the next 30 seconds) it will turn wifi off.First what does tasker do? This is for the people who don't understand tasker. Tasker has 4 tabs (Profiles, Tasks, Scenes and Vars) but I won't talk about Scenes cz I didn't use it yet. I also won't talk about Vars (variables) cz they are self explaining.Basically profiles contain conditions (for example if display on/off or wifi on/off) and run a task if the condition is true. Example: If display off turn wifi off.A task is something like a list of actions which the phone should do. (for example turn data on/off or run a specific app)The profile AutoSync (Screen off) runs every 10 minutes while the screen is off. It turns data/wifi on checks for new messages and turns it off. It has a variable called "%SLEEP". It will only run if "%SLEEP" doesn't match "1".The profiles Display (Data) and Display (Wifi) turns data/wifi on when the user turns the screen on. When the screen is off again it will check traffic for 30 seconds. If the traffic is below 15kb/s it will turn data/wifi off. If not it will wait 2 minutes and check the traffic again for 30 seconds until the traffic is below 15kb/s.The profile Night (week), Night (weekend) turn the phone into airplane mode and sets the variable "%SLEEP" to "1".The profile Wifi connected just changes the variable "%CONNECTION to "1" or removes the "1". This is needed for the Display (Wifi) profile.I'm using this profiles on my Samsung Galaxy Nexus and it works very well!!Feel free to ask me if you have problems! I'll try my best to help you.Unzip the *.prj.xml file in your Tasker/projects directory and then import it in Tasker by long-clicking the home icon or any of the other tabs. If you don't have the home tab, swipe down from the top in Tasker to show the tabs. (beginner mode must be disabled!)
The latest version of Twisted Insurrection (Version 0.40) is now available for download! Read the full article for information, download links and images!
Posted by Aro on Jul 22nd, 2015
Hello everyone, today we are pleased to announce that our latest version Twisted Insurrection 0.40 has been released and is now available for Public Download! To Install the new version, simply head over to the download section here on ModDB, download the file, extract the containing Twisted Insurrection folder anywhere on your computer and then run TI_Launcher.exe with Administrator privileges to set-up and play.
Alternatively, if you have Twisted Insurrection 0.39 installed, simply run, simply launch it and the client will prompt you about the new version being available, once it does, agree to download the file and let the client take care of everything for you, however it might be faster for you to download the full version manually depending on PPM's download speed.
Version 0.40 has been through a large number of changes since our last news post was put up showcasing the new changelog. For a complete list of changes, both minor and major, read the changelog here. Here is a breif summary of the new features that Version 0.40 brings to the table:
Improved Windows 8, 8.1 and 10 support and compatibility
Some large changes to the Twisted Insurrection Client
New client themes, bug fixes and many new options available
Re-compiled and lighter files for better optimization and performance
A new campaign mission and many fixes and updates to current missions
Lots of new maps added to the Multiplayer Map pool
Plenty of in-game bug fixes and balance changes
Lots of in-game graphical updates on terrain, props and some units
Removed lots of unused or broken code and fixed a common Internal Error
Lots of new additions to the Twisted Insurrection Soundtrack
Some new and improved unit voiceovers
New structures available in for Twisted Dawn
Changes made to all three AI types in Skirmish mode
Both optimised and added some new sound effects
Plenty of new animations and effects added and optimized some older ones
Many images and screenshots of Twisted Insurrection can be seen either on our image gallery over on our official website, alternatively there is also a large assortment of images uploaded here on our ModDB profile. Here are a small handful of screenshots from the latest version.
We hope you all enjoy the new verion as much as we've enjoyed working on it! Please note that this is not considered a final release, meaning that bugs and errors are a possibility. We are always looking for feedback and thoughts from the fans and the players so if you have any thoughts, ideas or want to report any errors you have come across, please feel free to share them with us! Thank you, and we really hope you enjoy the mod!
A wide-reaching investigation by military and civilian authorities has uncovered a criminal conspiracy within the Armed Forces to steal and sell nearly $2 million in guns and combat gear to gangs in the U.S. and foreign countries including China, military officials have confirmed.
The probe began more than a year and a half ago when agents with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service began to conduct undercover operations to disrupt and reduce the theft, transfer, sale and possession of stolen U.S. Government property. With the aid of Marine and Naval authorities, NCIS has recovered $1.8 million in stolen guns and combat gear to include assault rifles, night-vision goggles, flashlights and other items, military officials said.
Those involved are accused of stealing, over-ordering or otherwise obtaining equipment and selling guns locally and other gear over the Internet to people in foreign countries including China and Russia, officials said.
Those involved in the criminal enterprise did so for a multitude of reasons including but not exclusive to human greed and the ease by which the material could be pilfered, according to a government official familiar with the operation.
“We're talking about sophisticated, hi-tech flashlights that cost the government up to $800 per unit. The temptation and ease with which to steal and sell them, for some, is irresistible,” the official said.
The commanders from Camp Lejeune and II Marine Expeditionary Force have been working closely with NCIS during the investigation, said Nat Fahy, deputy director of public relations for Marine Corps Installations East.
With cooperation from Marine and Navy officials, NCIS has been able to conduct 66 investigations involving 47 active duty Marines and sailors to include enlisted and high-ranking officers and 21 civilians who are now in various stages of prosecution.
NCIS agents identified stolen property from the Army and Air Force which launched numerous investigations involving soldiers and airmen, military officials confirmed.
The ever-widening probe now includes the FBI; Homeland Security; the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; the Defense Logistics Agency; Defense Criminal Investigative Service, N.C. State Bureau of Investigations, and several local agencies including the Onslow County Sheriff's Office and the Jacksonville Police Department.
In email correspondence about the operation, a NCIS spokesman told The Daily News more information would be forthcoming. Agents were tying up loose ends in some of the cases before releasing details, said Ed Buice, public affairs officer for NCIS in Quantico, Va.
A handful of those arrested in the sweeping operation have already been court martialed.
A sergeant with Marine Corps Special Operations Command was found guilty of stealing and reselling military property, said MarSOC spokesman Maj. Jeff Landis.
Sgt. Daniel Adam Reich, a former member of 3rd Marine Special Operations Battalion, was convicted of four separate counts: Article 80 for attempt to sell military property of a value more than $500; Article 81 for participating in a conspiracy; Article 108 for selling military property of a value more than $500; and Article 134 for wrongfully receiving military property of a value more than $500.
Reich was sentenced to a dishonorable discharge, reduction in grade to private, forfeiture of all pay and allowances, a $2,500 fine and confinement for 40 months.
Reich's charges are indicative of those involved, officials confirmed.
Two married San Diego Police officers have pleaded guilty to all drug charges against them, including burglarizing homes while on duty and running a hydrocodone distribution network in the county.
Bryce Charpentier, 32, and Jennifer Charpentier, 41, admitted Wednesday to selling and furnishing a narcotic substance, possession of a firearm by an addict, conspiracy to commit a burglary and conspiracy to commit a crime: possession and sale of a controlled substance.
As a result, the two resigned from the SDPD, effective Wednesday.
"Both of these individuals will have to face the consequences of their actions, which have diminished the great work our officers do every day to serve our City," said SDPD Chief Shelley Zimmerman in a statement.
They are scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 30, and they each face up to seven years and eight months in prison.
In addition to pleading guilty, they have waived their 4th Amendment search and seizure rights, which means law enforcement can search them at any time.
The officers' change of plea comes two days after new charges were filed against the couple, accusing them of stealing prescription medication from their parent, burglarizing a home while on the clock as officers and leading a distribution chain.
Bryce, a six-year veteran of the SDPD, and Jennifer, an 18-year veteran, were arrested in June during a San Diego County Sheriff's Department narcotics investigation.
Suspected of being addicted to opiates, both officers were initially charged with selling and furnishing a controlled narcotic substance and possession of a firearm by an addict.
Search warrants say Jennifer got seven different drugs in 71 prescriptions from seven separate doctors and then traveled to 17 pharmacies to fill them. Bryce is accused of going as far as Oakhurst near Yosemite to fill 79 prescriptions from six different doctors.
Then this week, a new complaint shed more light on the accusations against them.
In it, investigators quote text conversations between the married couple that outline their search for drugs they refer to as “V.”
One alleged victim was Jennifer's mother. During her visit to their home, Bryce texted his wife he was coming back and pulling into the driveway. At that point, Jennifer texted she was taking her mother into the backyard, presumably to distract her while Bryce took prescription medication from her.
The final text from the conversation is from Bryce, telling Jennifer that he placed “V” for her in a candle, the complaint says.
Less than a month later, Bryce texted his wife that he got “a decent amount” during a visit to his mother-in-law's, according to investigators.
A separate incident described in the complaint involves a victim identified as “M.B.”
According to the complaint, M.B. locked himself in his own bedroom on Jessica's request, while Bryce and another officer came into his home to use the restroom. The given excuse was that the officer did not want M.B. to see him in his undercover clothes, the complaint says.
M.B. later found out that his legally prescribed medication was stolen.
The complaint says in January 2014, Bryce and Jennifer had offered to take over an existing hydrocodone distribution network in the county. They are accused of making deliveries while their child was with them.
According to prosecutors, the couple was found with a substantial amount of hydrocodone in their possession and was seen completing at least two transactions within a matter of hours.
Image copyright Avon and Somerset Police Image caption Kevin Crehan (left) and Mark Bennett were part of a group that targeted the mosque in January
Two men have been jailed and two women have been given suspended sentences after rashers of bacon were tied to door handles at a Bristol mosque.
During the incident on 17 January, the group shouted racial abuse at a member of the mosque and tied a St George's flag to the fence of the Jamia Mosque.
Kevin Crehan, 34, of Knowle, was jailed for 12 months and Mark Bennett, 48, of Patchway, for nine months.
Both had admitted religiously aggravated public order offences.
At the Bristol Crown Court hearing, 46-year-old Alison Bennett - the wife of Mark Bennett - was given a six-month sentence, suspended for two years, while Angelina Swales, 31, from Brislington, was handed a four-month sentence, suspended for two years.
'Worship without fear'
The two women also admitted religiously aggravated public order offences in relation to the targeting of the Totterdown mosque.
Image caption Police said they were heartened by the way the community responded to what happened at the Jamia Mosque
All four were given a restraining order preventing them from going within 100m of a mosque anywhere in England or Wales for the next 10 years.
Insp Nigel Colston of Avon and Somerset Police paid tribute to the way the community responded to what happened.
He said: "The way local people came together with overwhelming support for the mosque made me proud to be associated with Bristol.
"There can never be any excuse for hate crime in any shape or form and this criminality will not be tolerated.
"All of our communities have the right to live and worship peacefully without fear of being targeted for their race or religion."
Every year on this day I read Frederick Douglass' 1852 speech "What to the Slave Is the Fourth of July?" This apex of American words and letters is a demand for citizenship and freedom. It is also a searing indictment of a so-called democracy in which white-on-black chattel slavery was the rule of the land.
More than 150 years after it was first delivered, "What to the Slave Is the Fourth of July?" still resonates because the color line remains one of America's great contradictions and unresolved projects. In today's America, white supremacy is like a ghost or shade that still haunts our democracy: Its ominous shadow looms over voting, the policing of black and brown communities, disparities in wealth and income, the labor market, housing, education, the courts and a society where a person's skin color still impacts how they are marked as deserving full and equal dignity.
Advertisement:
Douglass begins by delivering an extended tribute to the courage and spirit of the American Revolution, one tinged at many moments with rueful irony. He compares America's Independence Day to the Jewish holiday of Passover, a parallel whose significance would have been lost on no one in the 1850s. He describes the birth of the American nation as a scene "simple, dignified and sublime." He observes, "I am not wanting in respect for the fathers of this republic," while adding that "the point from which I am compelled to view them is not, certainly, the most favorable." Then he shifts to his central theme.
What, to the American slave, is your 4th of July? I answer: a day that reveals to him, more than all other days in the year, the gross injustice and cruelty to which he is the constant victim. To him, your celebration is a sham; your boasted liberty, an unholy license; your national greatness, swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and heartless; your denunciations of tyrants, brass fronted impudence; your shouts of liberty and equality, hollow mockery; your prayers and hymns, your sermons and thanksgivings, with all your religious parade, and solemnity, are, to him, mere bombast, fraud, deception, impiety, and hypocrisy — a thin veil to cover up crimes which would disgrace a nation of savages. There is not a nation on the earth guilty of practices, more shocking and bloody, than are the people of these United States, at this very hour.
Then comes the gut-punch to the hypocritical character of America's supposed democracy.
Fellow-citizens! I will not enlarge further on your national inconsistencies. The existence of slavery in this country brands your republicanism as a sham, your humanity as a base pretence, and your Christianity as a lie.
For those of us who are the children of the Black Atlantic, Douglass' words are like a voice in our ears across time. His words inspire us; his words are also a caution and a warning.
Today is also the first Fourth of July under Donald Trump as president of the United States. He is a racial authoritarian and plutocrat who yearns to "Make America Great Again!" by waging a war on the civil rights of black and brown Americans, women, gays and lesbians, Hispanics and Latinos, Muslims and any other people who do not fit his far-right Herrenvolk nightmare. Trump is not the president of all Americans, but rather the leader of white conservatives and other backward-looking revanchists.
Douglass' "What to the Slave Is the Fourth of July?" resonates with peculiar strength in the age of Donald Trump.
Frederick Douglass was a black American born into the racial terrorism and tyranny of chattel slavery. He later self-manumitted, escaping to "freedom" in the North. Because of those experiences, Douglass intimately understood what it was like to be viewed as an internal enemy or as an alien other and pollutant within the country of your birth.
Advertisement:
To survive as a "nation within a nation," black Americans could not afford to be politically naive. By comparison, political naiveté is one of the great luxuries afforded by white privilege. This naiveté helps to explain why so many white Americans were totally unprepared and shocked by the election of Trump. Alas, entirely too many white people were in denial about the threat posed by this indigenous form of "soft fascism," meekly wondering whether it could really happen here. Black Americans (like First Nations people, Japanese-Americans and other people of color) always knew it could, because for centuries we have been victims of the country's anti-democratic impulses, laws and traditions.
For many white Americans, it must be an odd and frightening feeling to no longer have the comfort of assuming that the president and the punitive, punishing, and potentially cruel power he commands will not be directed against your community.
I wonder whether the election of Donald Trump, and the terror and fear he inspires in many people of all races and backgrounds, could force white Americans to seek out a reciprocal and equal alliance with black Americans and other people of color?
Maybe the white racism that propelled Trump to the White House can be abandoned in favor of fighting for a social safety net, a humane society and a true "We the People" democracy that protects all Americans equally.
Advertisement:
Likewise, the "white working class" about which we have heard far too much could perhaps have an epiphany, in which it realizes that ruling elites have for centuries turned lower-income whites against people of color with the goal of serving their own greed and narrow self-interest.
I am doubtful that such revelations will occur. The psychological and material wages of whiteness remain too great.
Nevertheless, I hold out hope that on this Independence Day above all others many white folks will read "What to the Slave Is the Fourth of July?" and experience a transformative awakening, where they decide to betray "whiteness" and ally with their fellow Americans of color to make possible a better country, and a better world. Such dreams and hopes are radical and resistant acts in a country where the color line still dominates and a would-be fascist dictator is our president. By themselves such actions do not defeat the powerful or remedy social injustices and political wrongs. But they can be a start.
On 11th April 1533 Henry VIII informed his Council that Anne was his rightful wife and Queen and that she should be accorded with royal honours.1
On the same day Thomas Cranmer, the newly consecrated Archbishop of Canterbury, wrote to the King “Beseeching the King very humbly to allow him to determine his great cause of matrimony, as belongs to the Archbishop's spiritual office, as much bruit exists among the common people on the subject”.2 The King replied the following day:
“Received on the 12th April his letters dated Lambeth, 11th April desiring leave to determine his great cause of matrimony. Cannot be displeased with Cranmer's zeal for justice and for the quieting of the kingdom ; and although Henry is his King, and recognises no superior on earth, yet as Cranmer is the principal minister “of our spiritual jurisdiction,” and is so in the fear of God, cannot refuse his request. Gives him licence accordingly by these letters under the sign manual, sealed with the King's seal.”3
This gave Cranmer the official permission he needed to open a special trial into the annulment proceedings, which he did at Dunstable Priory, Bedfordshire. On 23rd May 1533, the court declared Henry's marriage to Catherine “to be against the law of God” and dissolved it.4 Henry's marriage to Anne Boleyn was declared valid on 28th May 1533, just in time for Anne's coronation celebrations, which began the next day.
11th April 1533, the date when Anne Boleyn was officially recognised as Queen, is recorded in the amazing painting by Hans Holbein the Younger, The Ambassadors, which portrays two ambassadors: Jean de Dinteville, maître d'hôtel to Francis I of France, and George de Selve, Bishop of Lavaur. Those who have analysed the painting have found the date marked on the celestial globe, the quadrant and the cylinder sundial. You can read more about this painting in the following articles:
Notes and Sources
Ives, Eric (2004) The Life and Death of Anne Boleyn, p234 LP vi. 327 Ibid., 332 LP vi. 525, 529
Categories: Anne Queen Consort, Henry VIII, Marriage, Tudor Events
Following 16 months away from competitive golf, tournament host Tiger Woods is set to make his return at the 2016 Hero World Challenge Dec. 1-4 at Albany in The Bahamas.
“I am excited to make my return at the Hero World Challenge at Albany and play in this terrific tournament,” Woods said. “This is our 18th year, and every year we put together a top field that showcases the best golfers from the previous season. Albany is an outstanding setting.”
Bubba Watson makes his title defense in a field that includes 16 of the top 25 players in the Official World Golf Ranking, three major championship winners from 2016, the Rio Olympics' gold, silver and bronze medalists and 12 players who competed in last month's Ryder Cup.
The Hero World Challenge is a four-round, 72-hole stroke play event. with no cut, and with a $3.5 million purse, a $1 million winner's prize and Official World Golf Ranking points awarded.(No FedEx Cup points)
It will be held at the par-72, 7,302-yard Albany for the second consecutive year.
Live television coverage of the Hero World Challenge will be provided by Golf Channel during all four rounds and by NBC during the third and fourth rounds.
Tee times and pairings for Thursday's opening round of the Hero World Challenge.
THURSDAY
OFF TEE NO. 1 (Eastern time)
How To Make Someone Older In Photoshop – Young To Old Tutorial
Most people use Photoshop to make themselves look younger, healthier, and better looking; not many people are doing the opposite (unless of course, you are Photoshopping yourself into a Zombie!).
In this Photoshop training tutorial, I will show you how to do just that; how to make someone older in Photoshop.
With this aging Photoshop technique, you can make anyone seem decades older, and best of all, it is really easy to do!
The techniques I'm going to show you in this video are fun, and they deliver some incredibly realistic results!
All you will need is a picture of yourself (or any other person), and the reference images I have provided below.
If you have any comments or questions, leave them below, or you can send me a Tweet.
In This Young To Old Photoshop Tutorial You Will Learn How To:
00:43 – Use the quick selection tool to remove foreground from background.
01:19 – Use the “refine mask” panel to refine your mask.
07:50 – Use the patch tool to add wrinkles to your image.
12:43 – Use the liquify tool to make a face look older.
14:40 – Create “old looking” ears.
17:50 – Add “old” eyebrows to your image.
19:25 – Create a brush to paint facial hair.
24:49 – Add white hair to your image.
→ If you liked this video tutorial, subscribe to The Photoshop Training Channel's YouTube channel here
If you liked this article, then please subscribe to our YouTube Channel for more free Photoshop video tutorials. You can also find us on Facebook and Instagram.
Love is in the air this Valentine's Day not just for London's cyclists but for their bicycles too with will see 14 heart-shaped ‘Lovehoops' placed around the capital. An accompanying photo competition, meanwhile, will see someone ride away with a TokyoBike worth £490.
The cycle stands, painted an appropriately vivid shade of red, are the work of Hackney-based artist, Graham McLoughlin. He has teamed up with Cyclehoop and the British Heart Foundation for the initiative which not only celebrates cycling in the city, but also aims to raise awareness of the charity's work.
Each hoop has a sticker that reads “Share the love by making a donation to the British Heart Foundation — all you need to do is text ‘LNDN86 £5' to 70070.”
Cyclehoop founder Anthony Lau said: “We love designing funky street furniture and when Graham approached me asking if we could come up with a heart shaped Cyclehoop bike rack, I was more than happy to help.
“It seemed like a great creative opportunity to put a smile on someone's face, and promote the love of cycling whilst providing more secure bike parking in the city. All of this whilst supporting a charity we are passionate for!”
Painted in Kent and manufactured within an hour of London, McLaughlin has installed them at 14 locations in the city centre.
The project is accompanied by a competition with prizes including a brand new Cherry Red TokyoBike worth £490, CycleHoop Bikeshelves worth £80, luggage from Brooks and a Borough briefcase.
People can enter as many times as they like – simply take a picture of a Lovehoop, upload it to Instagram with the hashtag #HeartsOfLondon, and that's it.
The winning images will be chosen at the end of February and there is also a Bikeshelf up for grabs for the first person to locate and snap all 14 LoveHoops and share them on social media with the tags tag #HeartsOfLondon @cyclehoop.
First produced in 2006, the Cyclehoop turns street furniture such as lamp posts into secure cycle parking and so far has led to more than 6,000 spaces being created for London's cyclists to lock their bikes.
It's been almost nine months since we first reported on Windows Vista's inability to copy, delete and move files without stalling indefinitely, and yet the problem continues.
Screenshots relayed this week by two Reg readers say it better than we ever could. "48167 Days and 23 hours remaining," one of them reads. "36843 Days and 0 hours remaining," states the other. Both are Vista's best-faith guesses as to how long it will take to copy data from one location to another.
"I have been experiencing slow copying ever since I 'upgraded' to Vista earlier this year, particularly from USB keys & drives," writes Adrian Procter, the Reg reader who provides Screenshot 1 (right). When Procter tried to create a CD with just 168Mb of pictures, Vista told him it would take more than 131 years to complete the job.
So he canceled the job and used Nero 7. The task was completed successfully in a couple minutes. Both CDs came from the same package and he's never had an error writing to CDs or DVDs before. His laptop, by the way, has 1.25 GB of RAM, 15 GB of free hard disk space and runs on a Centrino Pentium M740.
Vista's Long Goodbye, as we've come to call this bug, is one of the more baffling things to come out of Redmond in recent memory. Copying files to a CD or across a network is not exactly one of the more exotic things a PC user can do, right? And yet, the problem continues. Even stranger, Microsoft has yet to acknowledge the problem, other than to issue this hotfix, which many users say does nothing to remedy the bug.
We kept our fingers crossed that the glitch would be straightened out with Service Pack 1, but even after the update is installed, many users are confounded to learn that the problem still persists.
Reg reader Tonya is among them.
"I have just installed the pre-release version of SP1 for Windows Vista after their website promised me in glowing terms that the file copying wait would be much reduced," she wrote. "Apparently not, as you can plainly see by the enclosed screenshot" (right).
To be fair, some participants on this monster, 478-post thread on Microsoft's TechNet site have reported success in eradicating the Vista malady. Some report SP1 does speed things up. Others have seen improvements after running through a series of steps that includes disabling Windows search service, tweaking Vista's user account control settings and setting network interface cards at half duplex or auto negotiate.
But even then, there's no guarantee the problem will be fixed. With Microsoft's buggy code and non-existent communication, we'll be sitting on the upgrade sidelines for the foreseeable future, thank you very much. ®
Mitochondria are fidgeters. That's what researchers discovered in a recent study. The organelles undergo waves in ATP production. Furthermore, the mitochondria, like synchronized dancers, work in a coordinated fashion.
A team at the National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research report in a paper just out in the journal Cell Reports that mitochondria in the salivary glands of live rats “undergo sustained and spontaneous metabolic oscillations under basal conditions,” says Roberto Weigert, who led the study. “Although we do not know why mitochondria adopt this oscillatory modality, we have speculated that this is the best way to rapidly respond to changes in energy demands.”
Weigert explains that the oscillations refer to periodic oscillations in ATP production. “When you image the mitochondria, it gives the impressions of a movement, but in reality they are physically steady,” he says.
The finding that mitochondria undergo oscillations in ATP production contradicts earlier reports that the phenomenon occurred only when cells in culture were stimulated. But Weigert and colleagues found that mitochondria in the acinar cells in the salivary tissues oscillate their energy output without any trigger for as long as tens of seconds to minutes. The oscillations were longer, faster and more frequent than observed previously in cell culture.
Furthermore, the investigators found that mitochondria synchronized their energy output throughout the entire tissue by relying on the activity of gap junctions. “It was a real surprise to observe large areas of the salivary tissue ‘oscillating' in a coordinated fashion,” says Weigert. “Our study underscores the role of the tissue environment in regulating and coordinating basic cellular processes in ways that are different from what is observed in reductionist model systems.”
To study mitochondria in tissues of live rodents, the investigators used a technique called subcellular intravital microscopy. The technique gave a readout of NADH, which is the substrate of complex I during oxidative phosphorylation in mitochondria, and TMRM, a cationic dye that shows the mitochondrial membrane potential.
Through other experiments, the investigators found that the metabolic oscillations were connected to the production of reactive oxygen species, which are a byproduct of ATP production in mitochondria. The observation hints that the oscillations reflect the energy status of the cells.
Weigert says the team now is “interested in characterizing the machinery initiating and regulating the oscillations in the salivary glands.” He adds they want to extend their studies to other organs in order to establish how widespread is the process and to find how the oscillations are altered during high-energy processes or pathological conditions, such as cancer or metabolic diseases.
One tea party leader says that Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-AZ) has herself to blame for getting shot in the head Saturday.
The Arizona congresswoman shouldn't have attended an event “in full view of the public” if she had security concerns, according to Tucson Tea Party co-founder Trent Humphries.
Giffords warned MSNBC's Chuck Todd last year that there would be “consequences” to violent rhetoric and imagery after Fox News' Sarah Palin released a graphic which placed crosshairs over the congresswoman's district.
“But the thing is that the way that [Palin] has it depicted has the crosshairs of a gunsight over our district,” Giffords said. “And when people do that, they've gotta realize there are consequences to that action.”
But Humphries thinks Giffords was just speaking out against Palin for political gain.
“It's political gamesmanship,” he told the Guardian. “The real case is that she [Giffords] had no security whatsoever at this event. So if she lived under a constant fear of being targeted, if she lived under this constant fear of this rhetoric and hatred that was seething, why would she attend an event in full view of the public with no security whatsoever?”
“For all the stuff they accuse [Palin] of, that gun poster has not done a tenth of the damage to the political discourse as what we're hearing right now.”
“There are people who are genuinely confused, scared, and I understand it. But there are also people who are deliberately manipulating this event and tragedy for political ends,” Humpries added.
And he may be right. Another tea party group in California has been using the tragedy to raise money.
In an e-mail to supporters this week, the Tea Party Express asked for donations.
“Instead of prayers for the victims and their families, the Left was consumed with using this massacre to score political points by blaming the tea party movement, Gov. Sarah Palin and now Rush Limbaugh,” the e-mail said.
“That's why we've asked you for your support. Let's show the Left that instead of us being silenced, that there awful attacks on us will only backfire and that the tea party movement will be stronger than ever!”
“Please, make a contribution online right now to the Tea Party Express,” the letter concluded.
This video is from The Guardian, uploaded to YouTube Jan. 11, 2010.
Ray Wilkins insists Chelsea will be wasting their money by splashing out £35million on Tiemoue Bakayoko.
The Premier League champions are understood to be closing in on the signing of the Monaco defensive midfielder.
But Wilkins reckons Antonio Conte should abandon a deal for the 22-year-old and instead put his faith in Nathaniel Chalobah [below].
Chalobah, who is the same age as Bakayoko, has impressed for England Under-21s at the European Championship finals this summer in a defensive midfield role, and Wilkins believes the homegrown star can be a key player for Chelsea if given a chance.
Speaking on the Alan Brazil Sports Breakfast, the former Blues star and assistant boss said: “I was really disappointed to read they are looking at Bakayoko from Monaco. He is 22 years of age, French and doesn't get near the national side, but it was quoted Chelsea might be paying £32million.
“Well, in Nathaniel they have got a footballer that can play exactly the same but just needs an opportunity to get in there and play.
“You have seen already in the two games he has played up to now [at the European Championship] he looks a class act in and amongst people of his own age. Playing with the top quality players that they have at Chelsea, he can only improve week to week.”
Ottawa's Bobby Ryan takes a tumble after scoring in overtime against the Bruins Saturday. It was only the second OT loss for the Bruins this season.
Even before the Bruins' three-game whimper against Carolina, Ottawa, and Toronto, players understood they were playing for the right to continue wearing Black and Gold.
Two shootout setbacks and an overtime loss later, job security is even more precarious.
“Absolutely. Absolutely,” general manager Peter Chiarelli said Monday when asked if his players should be feeling uncomfortable in the dressing room.
Advertisement
Chiarelli is not satisfied. A 5-2 win over Detroit Dec. 29 in which his team played with pace, purpose, and desperation provided Chiarelli with some evidence that traction was coming.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Nothing of the sort has taken place.
“There were times in the first period [against Carolina] where it was tough to take,” Chiarelli said of Sunday's 2-1 shootout loss. “We knew it was going to be tough. We're in a back-to-back situation. The other team isn't. We have to get through that period. I thought we should have had a better push. It impacts the rest of the game. We've seen a few those of periods in this three-game stretch. It's disappointing. We're still treading water, and that's not acceptable. That's the common denominator in those three games. You look at the Detroit game, you see energy and a consistent forecheck. That's what we have to get to.”
Chiarelli was patient when his team struggled to score earlier this year as the Bruins were bitten by the injury bug. He believed the team he had assembled to start the season would be good enough to contend, especially if he acquired help at right wing, which had an opening due to Jarome Iginla's defection to Colorado.
David Krejci is back. So is Zdeno Chara, although the captain has yet to find his rhythm. Adam McQuaid returned on Saturday. Rookie David Pastrnak, who led his Czech Republic team in scoring at the World Junior Championship, was recalled Monday.
Advertisement
The 18-year-old will travel to Pittsburgh, but it's unknown whether he'll play against the Penguins on Wednesday. He is likely to dress on Thursday against New Jersey.
A roster that's back in good health, however, might not be intact for long.
“It's never fun to be in this situation — to try and improve your roster when you're not in a real position of strength,” Chiarelli said. “There's not a lot of activity going around. But you try and peck away and try to improve your team. At the same time, you hope these guys can string a couple games together. We have to watch this closely.”
The Bruins look like they're several pieces away from a contending team. They require a goal-scoring presence up front. They need better play on the fourth line. Their defense is sluggish and methodical in moving the puck out of the defensive zone.
It is a series of related shortcomings. The result is a spitball offense, a nervous defense, and goaltending that needs to approach perfection to negate the team's mistakes.
Advertisement
“What I see now is a team that's quite tight,” Chiarelli said. “We're tight in our own end, then we become tight transporting the puck through the neutral zone. You see our forwards being too high. Then we don't get the puck and momentum going into the other zone, then we can't sustain the forecheck. It's a domino effect.”
The pieces could fall in the room as well. Chiarelli and his management team are exploring all options.
OT play is successful
At the end of regulation Sunday, the Bruins exhaled, knowing they had wrung out a point from a game in which they deserved none.
But they also regained their breath because they had reached overtime. It is a segment of the game — unlike others — in which the Bruins have played with offensive pace and confidence.
The Bruins have needed extra time in each of their last three games. They lost two in the shootout, including Sunday's game against Carolina. They dropped Saturday's game to Ottawa just 44 seconds into overtime when Bobby Ryan beat Tuukka Rask with a net-front goal.
But overtime remains a five-minute stretch in which the Bruins play like a contending team. They are 5-2 in overtime. They've landed 39 shots on goal, more than twice the number they've allowed (18). In comparison, the Bruins have recorded only seven more shots in regulation (1,165) than they've given up (1,158).
The Bruins own overtime. The question is, why can't they find that same swagger in the preceding 60 minutes?
Against Carolina Sunday, the Bruins put two pucks on Anton Khudobin in overtime. That matched their entire output in the third period. They managed only four shots in the first period.
“In overtime, in my mind, I'm playing to win,” said coach Claude Julien. “When I say I'm playing to win, I want to avoid shootouts. I think it's pretty obvious you want to avoid shootouts and do the best you can to win that hockey game.”
Part of the Bruins' overtime success is because of four-on-four play. Having two fewer skaters leads to greater space and more opportunities for scoring chances. The Bruins have scored five four-on-four goals this season, all in overtime.
Also, the Bruins are one of the few teams that usually rolls out three forwards and one defenseman. Most teams choose to play two forwards and two defensemen. Julien likes the formation for overtime. He's hesitant to use it in regulation.
“I think we've got confidence in overtime playing three and one,” Julien said. “Overall, I think we've lost two games since last season in that format. I think there is some confidence. It goes to show where we are with the rest of our game.”
During regulation, there are fewer opportunities for four-on-four play. Before overtime, Julien opts mostly for two forwards and two defensemen. Against San Jose on Dec. 4, the Bruins rolled out forwards Milan Lucic, Carl Soderberg, and Loui Eriksson with defenseman Dougie Hamilton. The Sharks scored 14 seconds into the shift.
“In a tie game or if you're in the lead, playing with one defenseman, there is a risk,” Julien said. “Is it worth taking that risk when you have lots of time left in the game? Those are decisions you make on how your team is playing, what the situation is, and everything else. It's certainly not something I haven't considered. But I'd have to gauge the situation before I do the same thing I do four-on-four in overtime.”
The Bruins aren't good in the shootout, where they've won twice and lost four times. They have a 21.7 percent shooting percentage, eighth-worst in the league. They're desperate not to reach the shootout, where luck, more than skill, decides the outcome.
So they play with desperation in overtime. They'd be in better shape if they showed some of that hunger in regulation.
“We should take that attitude and play that way in the 60 minutes,” Hamilton said. “Play to win instead of playing to see what happens. Maybe that will help us.”
Chara out of synch
It's been less than four weeks since Chara returned to the lineup after tearing the posterior cruciate ligament in his left knee. Twelve games in, Chara has yet to find his rhythm.
In overtime Saturday against Ottawa, Chara went down after throwing a hit on Erik Karlsson. He was slow to recover and was beaten by Ryan to the front of the net.
On Sunday, during a penalty kill, Chara made a questionable decision to steam up ice and throw a hit. It nearly allowed the Hurricanes to rush the other way.
“It's just taking a little longer,” Chara said after practice at Ristuccia Arena in Wilmington. “That's not an excuse. I just need to get my game back as quick as possible.”
Chara always needed lots of practice, training, and repetition to play his style. He relies on proper mechanics to get the components of his 6-foot-9-inch frame to operate in concert. Missing almost two months because of his injury hasn't helped.
“I still feel he's one of the best defenders in the league,” Julien said. “Yet he's coming off a major [injury]. You can't tell me he's 100 percent after being out for two months and having to make some adjustments with his equipment because of that injury. ‘'
“You're seeing some flaws. It's not his fault. It's not because he's not trying. Those are the challenges and realities we have to try and work through.”
Breather for Bergeron
Patrice Bergeron was given a maintenance day. Craig Cunningham replaced Bergeron between Brad Marchand and Seth Griffith. Reilly Smith remained alongside Lucic and Krejci . . . The Bruins are not sure when Simon Gagne will return to the team. Gagne last played Dec. 6 before taking a leave of absence because of the illness and then death of his father, Pierre.
Fluto Shinzawa can be reached at fshinzawa@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @GlobeFluto
The ADA thinks this is healthy, via Moderation Nation own too many other companies as it is), Big Food is pumping millions of dollars into scientists so they can obfuscate clear-cut research on obesity. The result is an industry that claims that the jury is still out on what exactly causes obesity, so in the meantime have another bag of Funyons. ABC reports the case of Dr. David Allison, a scientist who runs an obesity research center in Alabama and former president of the Obesity Society, who has taken $2.5 million in grants from the food industry, not including "consulting or speaking fees." Allison was one of the scientists who claimed that New York City's law mandating that the calorie count of foods be displayed would cause people to eat more (not true). "Big tobacco, big sugar," one researcher says, "identical in the way they treat scientists."
The researcher breaks down how the food industry plies doctors away from sound science, with "$5,000 to go speak to this meeting or that meeting. You get $2,000 to $5,000 a day. They'll fly you on business class tickets to exotic places. They'll take you to Paris or Rio." Allison later resigned from the Obesity Society, but a larger issue may be the amount of money given to groups by the industry to buy silence from groups that may otherwise oppose them. After receiving $5 million from PepsiCo, Save the Children dropped their long-held promotion of soda tax laws. The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia accepted $10 million from Coca-Cola, and even the ADA took money from the Hershey Foods Corporation, then published recipes on their website for "Fudgey Fruit Pizza." Hey, at least it has fruit!
An article in the New Yorker last month (subscription) details how PepsiCo's CEO Indra Nooyi is attempting to steer the second largest food-and-beverage company in the world towards producing more healthy snacks that also taste good, including "drinkable oats," gazpacho, and coconut water. However what makes the company the most money are it's "fun" products, like Lays potato chips and cold, cold Pepsi.
NEW DELHI — A few weeks ago I went to see a Hindi movie at my local cinema. It was an unremarkable potboiler, a story of thwarted lovers and triumphant love, punctuated with song-and-dance sequences, percussive fisticuffs and the rhythmic hips of a voluptuous heroine.
I struggled to stay in my seat as the plot wound its long way to a laborious resolution. Most reviews I've read gave the film, “Ek Paheli Leela,” zero to two stars out of five, and I can see why. But it has sparked all kinds of conversations, jokes and a small skirmish involving at least two prominent politicians on Twitter. That's because it stars Sunny Leone, a.k.a. Karenjit Kaur Vohra, the Indian heroine and reality-show personality who is also a star of American porn of some repute.
Ms. Leone topped Google India's list of most-searched personalities in 2014, outstripping, as it were, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the film star Salman Khan. It's safe to presume that this ranking was enhanced by searches for adult content. But Ms. Leone, who describes herself as a “tech nerd,” also seems well in control of her metadata and her meta-narrative. While in interviews with Indian journalists the porn star expresses the demure hope that audiences will come to forget “those two words” that define her past, she has also astutely managed her back-catalog as an adult-video actor-director, with a proprietary website and a film-production company partnered with the American porn powerhouse Vivid Entertainment.
My own Internet research led me to a video, in Hindi, of another Bollywood starlet, Rakhi Sawant, sniping that India was performing a “social service” by paying Ms. Leone to wear clothes. Maybe she's envious, because earlier this year even a culturally conservative Hindu friend of mine was insisting that her son's wedding ceremony would include a joint family re-enactment of the famously sexy Sunny Leone song-and-dance sequence “Baby Doll,” from the 2014 film “Ragini MMS 2” — in which the actress plays a porn star called Sunny Leone who gets her first role in a mainstream Hindi film. I've also seen “Baby Doll” performed with some gusto at the anniversary party of a feminist human-rights organization in New Delhi.
About
Throughout life, it has always been our dream to change the world. Steve Jobs once said "Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do." Mirro is the first product of its kind- a product that doesn't only define a category; but revolutionizes the way we view ourselves. Mirro is the world's first product that is literally a reflection of yourself.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
With Mirro, we believe the gap between man and technology has finally been bridged. The man is the technology. Mirro offers the simplest, most natural, and accessible way to control the world around you. Touch screens on reflective displays seemed unrealistic; causing the user's mirror to be covered in oils and smudges. Mirro uses voice recognition powerful enough to offer a continuously growing number of features.
Each day, in the rush to get prepared, you no longer have to struggle between holding your phone in one hand while scrambling to get all your materials together, brushing your teeth, putting on makeup, etc. You also no longer have to bring your phone in the shower to listen to music, or worry if you happened to forget to pickup items at the market. With Mirro, it is now easier than ever to get ready for the day, prepare for an event, or simply check vital information with a simple glance.
Red Oak (Left) Natural (Right)
Available in two elegant finishes, Mirro is handcrafted and assembled in the United States from quality materials. Meticulously designed, Mirro is constructed from polished acrylic and oak. Every sheet of polished acrylic is not only shatter, dust, and fingerprint resistant; but also lighter than glass, and evaluated to ensure premium quality.
Vanity: Vigo 32" Espresso Petite Single Bathroom Vanity
Mirro's user interface has been carefully designed to take advantage of every pixel, effectively displaying your daily information. This includes animated weather forecasts, day-to-day schedules, traffic updates, news headlines, alarm clocks, timers, to-do lists, reminders, maps, Philip's Hue controls, music and video playback, wakeup/sleep commands, shopping, and much more; all controlled by voice.
Mirro isn't just for people with smart homes or high-tech offices. Mirro works well anywhere with a WiFi internet connection. Mirro is the easiest way to add "smarts" to your existing home, without the wiring, installation, complexity and expense of many alternative smart home control systems. But if you already have a few smart devices, you can immediately expand upon Mirro's capabilities.
Mirro's companion app is phenomenal. Account preferences can be edited here allowing users to select their favorite items to be processed through Amazon, account configuration for music streaming, home automation devices, schedule additions/invites, and much more.
Note: Some Areas Of Image May Be Distorted Due To GIF Image Quality
Setting up your Mirro is easy and just takes a few minutes. Start by connecting Mirro to your Android or iOS device by scanning the QR Code displayed upon first boot in the Mirro companion app. Here, Mirro can be connected to your network and you can configure your Mirro account.
After Mirro is hung to a surface like a normal picture frame, (light enough to be done using 3M Command Hooks) define your unique product preferences, musical tastes, work route, etc. You've now created a powerful smart bedroom/office/wherever you decide to hang Mirro! The process is simple, and once it's done, you'll find yourself better prepared after every glance.
How Mirro Came To Be
Each day, in the rush to get prepared, I noticed I was holding my phone in one hand trying to view my schedule, weather, messages, and traffic updates, while brushing my teeth or scrambling to get all my materials together. I also found myself bringing my phone in the shower with me to listen to music, or constantly forgetting items at the market. Thats when I had the idea for Mirro. After filtering through numerous prototypes, we think we've finally cracked the code. The 14 x 24 inch polished acrylic mirror provides the perfect size ratio, while maintaining enough space for the user's reflection. Mirro is handcrafted and encased in a beautiful oak construction available in two elegant finishes. A reflective 1080p IPS panel allows users to get close to the mirror with little to no individual pixels in sight, and provides wide viewing angles. Our suppliers are lined up and our team is prepared. However, we need your help to make Mirro a reality. Mirro will change the way we interact with technology, and we can't wait to see how people interact with the most personal device ever made.
Famous YouTuber and well renowned tech reviewer John Rettinger agrees Mirro is a must-have!
Meet The Main Crew!
David Boschwitz
Head of Software Development
Steven Abramsky
Head of UI and Hardware Design
Software Developer
Noah Goedken
Software Developer
Timeline
CONCORD, N.C. — Danica Patrick believes her fans are still behind her despite a surprising loss in the fan vote to make the Sprint All-Star Race.
Josh Wise, who had the backing of Reddit.com Dogecoin community, won the Sprint Fan Vote to become the final qualifier into the all-star event Saturday night. The internet-based group waged an aggressive voting campaign.
MORE: Wise's path | Josh Wise's video
“It is what it is,” said Patrick, who won the fan vote last year. “That's what it is. It's outside sources that are in control. I know my fans voted a lot and I understand that I actually had more votes this year than I did last year by a fair amount.
“I don't doubt them at all. But it is what it is this time around.”
Patrick finished 10th overall Friday in the Sprint Showdown, where the top two finishers advanced to the all-star race. Clint Bowyer and AJ Allmendinger finishes 1-2 to earn spots in the all-star race. Wise finished 18th out of the 23 cars.
But Wise will get to race Saturday as the internet community that raised the $55,000 needed to sponsor him at Talladega also voted him into the all-star race.
"I am still trying to wrap my head around it," Wise said. "This is huge for me and our team. Really this started with a 16-year-old kid posting something on Reddit.com about some good runs that we had and for whatever reason this huge, awesome community got behind us."
Wise, who drives for Phil Parsons Racing and is 36th in the Cup standings for the underfunded organization, obviously was thankful for the support.
"This is kind of a big deal for our sport because it is a lot of young kids and people from around the world," Wise said. "I've had the chance to interact with a lot of them. There's a lot of people had never watched a NASCAR race who have now watched several."
As far as the potential for criticism that he gained votes by tech savvy youth who could sway the vote, Wise said he didn't care.
"People vote and the person with the most votes wins," Wise said. "It's however you play the game, I guess."
While Wise was not expect to advance by finishing in the top-two, Patrick was believed to have a chance. She restarted the final 20-lap segment in fifth but had only two fresh tires.
“Just wasn't good enough today,” said Patrick, who was coming off a career-best seventh-place finish at Kansas last week. “Too tight especially in that second run. Got track position on two tires but I don't know how many took four but it was just way too tight.”
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
[chill]uponlevels - you've got time feat. sky williams
Upload date:
February 2 2017
Uploaded by:
levels
Video description:
Hope you like ^^ Gonna be uploading lots of original music soon so be sure to stick around! I'll be uploading edm, dubstep, chilllout and lofi, trap, even rap collaborations! I'm experimenting a lot, and I hope you like what you find. Next up on the channel is probably either going to be my Tate Kobang - Oh My remix or the Dubstep Future Bass thing I made that featured Zoie Burgher that you can find a preview for on my channel. I made those a while ago, but the Zoie track never made it out as a full track before, the Sky track never got a video, and I remastered the Tate Kobang remix a whole lot since the last time I posted it anywhere so the version on here will be way better than anywhere else by far, at least for now. Twitter: http://twitter.com/uponlevels 2017 Compilation Mixtape coming soon lads ;) Ignore that stuff about a competition, I rendered the video a while ago... :D #music #remix #chill
Total views:
482
Six Gauteng municipalities, including Tshwane and Ekurhuleni, owe more than R2.3-million in unpaid e-toll bills, the Democratic Alliance said on Wednesday.
This was revealed in a written reply from Transport Minister Dipuo Peters in the National Assembly.
The document showed that Ekurhuleni metropolitan municipality owed the South African National Roads Agency (Sanral) about R1.8-million, DA MP Manny de Freitas said.
“It is pure hypocrisy that government calls on citizens and businesses to buy e-tags and pay e-tolls. The government is being blatantly unfair by expecting citizens to do something they aren't prepared to,” he said.
The City of Tshwane owed R351 644 and Emfuleni local municipality owed R127 685.
“Not only are some municipalities not paying their e-toll bills, but some have not even signed up for e-tags.”
The reply showed that none of Emfuleni's cars had been registered for e-tags.
Other municipalities owing Sanral were Sedibeng district municipality (R4 026), Lesedi local municipality (R111 294) and the Midvaal local municipality (R3 395).
In her response, Peters said Sanral was awaiting payment from the outstanding invoices, which may be in the process of being paid by the respective municipalities. – News24.com
Ploughshares Fund Chain Reaction 2017 with Headliner John Kerry
Former Secretary of State John Kerry will be the keynote speaker of Ploughshares Fund's annual gala, the global peace and security group announced today. The evening fundraiser, Chain Reaction 2017, will take place at arts nonprofit Fort Mason Center for Arts & Culture (FMCAC) on June 5.
In addition to Secretary Kerry, other speakers include Barbara Hall, the creator and producer of “Madam Secretary” a popular television series staring Téa Leoni who plays a principled, determined Secretary of State; Meredith Horowski, global campaign director for the anti-nuclear weapons advocacy group Global Zero; and Joe Cirincione, Ploughshares Fund President. The program will be followed by a hors d'oeuvres and cocktail reception.
For the past 35 years, Ploughshares Fund has worked to make the world safe from the dangers posed by nuclear weapons wherever they come from – whether North Korea, Iran, Washington, DC or elsewhere.
During his years in the US Senate and throughout his tenure as Secretary of State in the Obama administration, Kerry provided skillful leadership on matters of global security. As Secretary, Kerry's leading role in negotiating the Iran nuclear agreement and the Paris Climate Accord demonstrated his commitment to solving the two biggest threats to our planet today: nuclear weapons and climate change.
Both of these groundbreaking agreements are now at risk. Secretary Kerry will sit down with Ploughshares Fund President Joe Cirincione to discuss how we can save these landmark victories – and stop other nuclear threats – in the current political climate.
"We are deeply honored that John Kerry will join Ploughshares Fund to discuss our growing global security threats,” said Ploughshares Fund President Joe Cirincione. “As a Senator and as the Secretary of State, John Kerry, worked tirelessly and heroically to reduce nuclear dangers and reverse climate change. Without his leadership and negotiating stamina, we may never have secured the historic agreement with Iran that stopped a bomb and prevented a new Middle East war. We might not have the Paris Climate Accord that will slow the warming of the planet. Both ensure a much safer future, and both are now under grave threat. We must do everything we can to protect these great achievements.”
Tickets
Individual tickets for Chain Reaction start at $250. Sponsorships, some of which include access to the VIP reception, tickets and recognition are $2,500, $5,000, $10,000 and $20,000. Call Ploughshares Fund at (415) 668-2244 or visit http://www.ploughshares.org/chainreaction2017 for more information or to purchase tickets online.
Speaker Bios
John Kerry, Former Secretary of State (2013-2017)
A decorated combat veteran, activist, best-selling author, five-term United States Senator, John Forbes Kerry was sworn in as the 68th Secretary of State of the United States on February 1, 2013, becoming the first sitting Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman to serve as Secretary in over a century. Kerry drew from this experience to provide the State Department with global stewardship on issues ranging from nuclear nonproliferation to radical extremists, to humanitarian challenges and the rising threat of climate change. In 2013, Kerry became the first Secretary of State to meet with Iran's Foreign Minister since the Iranian revolution of 1979. This meeting was the highest-level U.S. diplomatic contact with Iran in more than six years, and a key moment on the journey towards the eventual signing of the landmark 2015 agreement to prevent Iran from attaining a nuclear weapon. Faced with the rising threat of global climate change, Kerry was also a key architect of the Paris Climate Accord, signing the historic agreement to reduce carbon emissions in 2016. Earlier this year, Secretary Kerry announced plans for a memoir, expected in 2018.
Barbara Hall, Creator/Producer, Madam Secretary
Barbara Hall is the Creator/Producer of acclaimed television series “Madam Secretary”. With “Madam Secretary”, Hall sought to create a series that exposes the challenges of dealing with urgent global threats, like Iran's nuclear program and loose nukes, while remaining nonpartisan and removed from today's hyper-partisan politics. Hall is a five-time Emmy-nominated writer and producer of other popular shows such as “Judging Amy”, “Joan of Arcadia”, "Moonlighting", "Northern Exposure" and "Chicago Hope." Hall is also a novelist with 11 published works and a variety of achievements that include a Golden Laurel from the Producers Guild of America, two Humanitas Awards, an NAACP Image Award, TV Critics Association Award and more.
Meredith Horowski, Global Campaign Director, Global Zero
Ploughshares Fund grantee, Global Zero, is building an international movement for the elimination of nuclear weapons, making a point to focus on young people. Horowski leads their public mobilization efforts and global field strategy, engaging activists and reigniting Global Zero's grassroots work on campuses across the country and around the world.
Joe Cirincione, President, Ploughshares Fund
Joe Cirincione is a highly regarded nuclear policy expert. Cirincione served on Secretary Kerry's International Security Advisory Board and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. He is the author of Nuclear Nightmares: Securing the World Before It Is Too Late, among other books, and frequent commentator in the media including The New York Times, The Washington Post, ABC News, CNN and MSNBC.
About Ploughshares Fund
Ploughshares Fund is a global peace and security foundation that believes everybody has the right to a safe and secure future. It is the nation's largest publicly-supported foundation dedicated exclusively to fighting the dangers posed by nuclear weapons. With offices in both Washington, DC and San Francisco – where it was founded in 1981 at the height of the Cold War – Ploughshares Fund invests in initiatives that strive to reduce nuclear weapons threats. They include efforts to reduce and ultimately eliminate the world's nuclear stockpiles, to stop the spread of nuclear weapons and to promote stability in regions of conflict where these weapons exist. The successful civil society campaign to support diplomatic efforts to stop Iran from building a nuclear bomb through peaceful means is one such initiative.
WHAT:
Ploughshares Fund Chain Reaction 2017
WHEN:
Monday, June 5, 2017
Program: 6:00pm
Reception: immediately following program
WHERE:
Program: Fort Mason Center for Arts & Culture (FMCAC), Cowell Theater
Reception: Fort Mason Center Gallery 308, Landmark Building A
2 Marina Blvd, San Francisco, CA 94123
venue can be reached via municipal transit lines (map)
WHO:
Special Guests:
Former Secretary of State John Kerry
Creator/Producer, “Madam Secretary” Barbara Hall
Global Zero Meredith Horowski
Ploughshares Fund President Joe Cirincione
TICKETS AND EVENT INFO:
Individual tickets start at $250
Sponsorships are $2,500, $5,000, $10,000 and $20,000
Call (415) 668-2244 or visit http://www.ploughshares.org/chainreaction2017 for more information or to purchase tickets online
Categories: Fundraising & Charity
5 Easy Ways to Grind Weed Without a Grinder
As far-fetched as this might seem, there might come a time that you may have to learn how to grind weed without a grinder.
Yes, the grinder does do an amazing job, but it might break one day, get lost, be stolen, and you might not have the cash to get a new grinder immediately.
Not to worry, there are some common items around the house you can use to easily chop your buds into nice pieces that will work just fine for now.
Let's get going, regardless the reason you are without your grinder, here are a few simple tips on how to grind weed without a grinder:
1. Coin & Medicine Bottle
Chances are pretty good you have a medicine bottle somewhere in the bathroom. Empty and clean the pill bottle, then fill with some bud and a clean coin. Close the bottle and start shaking vigorously. It might take a little while, but the buds will break up quite nicely when you are done. It will be a crazy grinder that will do its job.
2. Scissors & the Shot Glass
Again, going out on a limb here but there is a great chance a shot glass is somewhere in your home. Give it a good cleaning and grab a pair of small scissors. Place some of the buds in the shot glass and just start snipping away at those buds. This is a simple and effective way to grind the herb into smaller pieces.
3. Knife & Cutting Board
Take your stash into the kitchen and place it on a clean cutting board. Go through the utensils drawer and grab a sharp knife. Similar to the way that you would chop your vegetables for a salad, just keep chopping the buds until you have a nice blend. The key to getting the herb into small and equal pieces is to use a non-serrated kitchen knife for the chopping.
4. Coffee Grinder
If you have a fairly large amount of weed that you need to cut up, a coffee grinder will work just fine. If you leave the buds in the grinder too long, you may wind up with a powder-like consistency. Run for only a few seconds and then thoroughly clean out the grinder. The last thing you want is the next person to use the coffee grinder to drink spiked coffee.
5. Use Your Fingers
Long ago, not quite to the stone age, but back in the 60's and 70's, it was common to break up the buds only using your fingers. It might seem a little primitive today, but if you don't have anything available to use, it will do the job fine. Just mash and squeeze the buds between the fingers until it is ground enough to use your rolling papers.
These are simple yet effective ways to grind your buds without using a grinder. Each of these methods will get the job done until you get back your grinder or can buy one.
It is always a good idea to experiment with one of these methods now so that in the event you are without your grinder you can simply conduct business as usual without missing a beat.
How others do it:
Getting creative with the legos:
Photo from: Gleti / depositphotos.com.
Nearly 200 people have died in accidents related to the production, storage and transportation of chemicals in China this year, according to a report by Greenpeace released on Wednesday.
The report suggested that regulation of China's powerful chemical industry remained lax and inconsistent, a year after a deadly explosion in the port city of Tianjin prompted public outrage and calls for greater oversight.
“China's chemicals industry is the largest in the world, but it is appallingly underregulated,” Cheng Qian, a Greenpeace activist who studies toxic chemicals, said in the report. “The government must take urgent action.”
The investigation by Greenpeace, which relied on government statistics, found that chemical accidents occurred with alarming frequency in China. From January to August, there were 232 — an average of nearly one a day — killing 199 people and injuring 400 others, the report said. The group did not examine how those figures compared with those from previous years.
There are new signs of life for an office tower project first proposed nearly five years ago across the street from Waterfront Station in downtown Vancouver.
A rezoning application to build an office tower at 320 Granville Street, the southeast corner of Granville and Cordova streets where a rickety-looking Go Park parkade structure is located, was previously approved by Vancouver City Council in 2014. However, the 25-storey proposal by Vancouver Whitecaps co-owner Greg Kerfoot and local firm VIA Architecture failed to make the test beyond the Urban Design Panel.
More than a year after Kerfoot sold the parkade site and redevelopment project to Bosa Development Corporation, a new development application with a redesigned tower has been submitted to the City for approval. There are 30 storeys in this design, but the overall floor area of 376,000 square feet is roughly the same as the original proposal.
Designed by New York-based architectural firm Kohn Pedersen Fox, the modified proposal offers are more streamlined designed with “sculpted” flows and curvatures, contrasting sharply with VIA Architecture's original boxy and angled design.
Some retail space will be allocated on the ground and mezzanine levels while the top floor is designated as a “VIP Office” level. In comparison, an earlier design for the tower proposed a rooftop daycare.
Seven levels of underground parking with 288 spaces will be accessed from the back lane.
New design by Kohn Pedersen Fox:
Previous design by VIA Architecture:
The latest iteration of 320 Granville Street joins two other office tower projects on the same city block. A 25-storey office tower is slated for the northwest corner of West Hastings and Seymour Streets at 601 Hastings, and a rezoning application was recently submitted to construct a slim 28-storey office tower adjoined to the historic RBC Building at 625 West Hastings Street – immediately adjacent to the parkade.
Across the street, office towers are also envisioned for Sinclair Centre by the federal government and the ground-level parking lot east of Waterfront Station by commercial developer Cadillac Fairview, where a rejected ‘origami' design is set to be revised.
Altogether, these projects could add thousands of office jobs within footsteps from the transit services at Waterfront Station. The 320 Granville Street proposal will be reviewed by the Development Permit Board in early-April.
See also
One of the first things that C++ programmers learn about auto is that bare auto never deduces a reference. In the present post, I show you two examples when it seemingly does. The first one involves proxy objects. The second one concerns structured bindings from C++17.
Auto Type Deduction
Just to refresh your memory, when you use auto , the compiler determines the type that will replace the auto keyword by using the rules for template type deduction from a function call. Among other things, this basically means that when you write a bare auto , you get a copy:
int x = 0; auto y = x; y = 1; std::cout << x << ' ' << y << '
'; // 0 1
and when you write auto& , you get a reference:
int x = 0; auto& y = x; y = 1; std::cout << x << ' ' << y << '
'; // 1 1
Sounds simple. Right? Well, it kind of is, but also kind of not. There are situations when a bare auto seemingly deduces a reference.
First Example (Proxy Objects)
Consider the following piece of code:
std::vector<int> v{0, 0, 0}; auto x = v[1]; x = 1; std::cout << v[0] << ' ' << v[1] << ' ' << v[2] << '
';
We create a vector of int s holding three zeros, assign the second element into a new variable x , change x , and then print the contents of the vector. Since we have used a bare auto , the type of x will be int , so we get a copy. Therefore, the code prints 0 0 0 , as you would expect. Easy peasy.
Pop quiz: If we switch the type from int to bool , what does the following code print?
std::vector<bool> v{0, 0, 0}; auto x = v[1]; x = 1; std::cout << v[0] << ' ' << v[1] << ' ' << v[2] << '
';
Surprisingly, it prints 0 1 0 . The reason is that a vector of bools is special. It is a partial specialization of std::vector<T, Allocator> that should be space-efficient. Instead of storing each bool in a single byte, it might coalesce the elements such that each element occupies a single bit. However, since C++ does not allow taking the address of a bit within a byte, methods such as operator[] cannot return bool& . Instead, they return a so-called proxy object that allows to manipulate the particular bit. Internally, a proxy object can contain a pointer to the vector and the number of the bit (e.g. the second bit in case of v[1] ). Therefore, in our code above, v[1] returns a proxy object, which, although copied into x , contains a pointer to the vector. So, any operation with the proxy object operates with the vector.
In general, proxy objects are useful in a variety of situations, and classes that you use may employ them under the covers. Thus, keep in mind that when you see a bare auto , do not blindly assume that you can do whatever you want with the copy without changing something.
Alright, let's move to the second example.
Second Example (Structured Bindings)
In what follows, I assume that you are familiar with structured bindings from C++17. If you are not, I encourage you to read about them. They are useful.
Consider the following piece of code:
std::pair p{0, 0}; auto [x, y] = p; y = 1; std::cout << p.first << ' ' << p.second << '
';
First, we create a pair of two integers. Note that since C++17, there is no need to specify the template types or use std::make_pair() , which is nice. Anyway, we then de-structure the pair into two variables x and y , change y , and print the elements in the original pair. As you might have expected, since we used auto and not auto& , it prints 0 0 , i.e. modifying y does not change the original pair.
Pop quiz: If we slightly change the code and use std::tie() , what does the following code print?
int a = 0, b = 0; auto [x, y] = std::tie(a, b); y = 1; std::cout << a << ' ' << b << '
';
Perhaps surprisingly, it prints 0 1 instead of 0 0 , even though we are still using a bare auto . Why? As cppreference notes, the portion of the declaration preceding [ (i.e. auto in our case) does not apply to the introduced identifiers. Instead, it applies to a hidden variable that is created by the compiler under the covers. Indeed, the structured-binding declaration
auto [x, y] = std::tie(a, b);
is roughly equivalent to
auto e = std::tie(a, b); decltype(std::get<0>(e)) x = std::get<0>(e); decltype(std::get<1>(e)) y = std::get<1>(e);
As you can see, auto is applied to the hidden variable e and not to the declared x and y . The type of e is std::tuple<int&, int&> , and decltype(std::get<1>(e)) gives us int& .
So, keep in mind that auto before a structured-binding declaration does not apply to the introduced identifiers, but to a compiler-defined hidden variable.
Complete Source Code
The complete source code of all examples is available on GitHub.
Discussion
Apart from comments below, you can also discuss this post at /r/cpp.
A few years ago, Sweden's Center Party, one of the four parties in the center-right governing coalition at the time, proposed legalizing polygamy. The idea caused outrage; the proposal was dropped. The party's youth division, however, refused to let go: “We think it is important for the individual to decide how many people he or she wants to marry,” said Hanna Wagenius, head of Center Youth, predicting that polygamy would be legal in ten years, when her generation would enter parliament and make sure of it.
Sweden is not the only place in Scandinavia where “idealistic” youths have advocated polygamy. In 2012, the youth division of Denmark's Radikale Venstre Party (“Radical Left”), then part of the governing coalition in Denmark, also proposed that polygamy should be legalized in Denmark. The move came four years after an Iraqi asylum seeker, who had worked for the Danish military in Iraq as a translator and then fled to Denmark, arrived with two wives. As Denmark does not recognize bigamy and as he refused to divorce his second wife, he returned to Iraq. “It is unacceptable that we are so narrow-minded in Denmark, and will not help a man who has helped us. We want to do something about that,” Ditte Søndergaard, head of Radikale Venstre Youth, said at the time. The proposal, however, did not find favor with any of the other political parties.
As far-fetched as these proposals may sound, they signify the shifts taking place in the West regarding fundamental ethical issues of gender equality and the willingness to accommodate Islamic sharia law. They are also proof of an enduring willful blindness to the detrimental effects of the practice of polygamy, not only in terms of financial costs to the state, but also to the Muslim women and children, whose rights these young politicians purport to support.
Muslim polygamy is only rarely debated in the media. The practice, therefore, despite its spread across the European continent — spanning, among other countries, Sweden, Denmark, the UK, Germany, France and the Netherlands — continues largely to hide under the public radar. As the practice is illegal across the continent and therefore not supposed to exist, there are no official statistics of polygamous marriages anywhere in Europe.
Several countries, such as the UK, the Netherlands, Sweden and France, nevertheless recognize Muslim polygamous marriages if they were contracted abroad under certain circumstances, such as if polygamy is legal in the country where the marriage took place. It is estimated that as many as 20,000 polygamous Muslim marriages exist in Britain. In France, as polygamy was legal until 1993, the minimum estimate as early as 2006 was around 20,000 polygamous marriages. In Germany, it was estimated in 2012 that, in Berlin alone, 30% of all Arab men were married to more than one wife.
Two pit bulls and one Chihuahua are the most unwanted dogs at three main Seattle-area shelters. All are good dogs, say those who've fostered them, but they've been with the shelters from nine to 31 months.
Meet the three most unwanted dogs in King County. Two pit bulls and one Chihuahua.
Good, good dogs, all of them, from what their foster caretakers say.
Good dogs that'll be your best friend forever.
Interested in adopting? Here's where to find Shelby, Mellie and Dylan (and other animals that need homes). Note that the adoption status of these dogs can change at any time; call ahead for updates. Seattle Humane: 13212 S.E. Eastgate Way, Bellevue; 11 a.m.- 6 p.m. Sunday-Wednesday, 11 a.m.-8 p.m. Thursday-Saturday; 425-649-7563 Regional Animal Services of King County: 21615 64th Ave. S., Kent; 3-6 p.m. Monday, noon-6 p.m. Tuesday-Friday; noon-5 p.m. Saturday-Sunday; 206-296-7387 Seattle Animal Shelter: 2061 15th Ave. W., Seattle; noon-6 p.m. Tuesday-Sunday; 206-386-7387
But of all the dozens of dogs at three main area shelters, they've been there the longest. Nobody wants to adopt them.
Shelby, part pit bull, is going on 14 months with King County's animal shelter.
Dylan, pit bull, 31 months with the Seattle Animal Shelter.
Mellie, a Chihuahua, nine months with Seattle Humane. (Another major shelter contacted, PAWS, did not provide information.)
You name the reasons why nobody wants to adopt these pooches.
Bad reputation. Bad luck. Landlords who refuse a breed like a pit bull. Or maybe they're a breed like a Chihuahua that is no longer a fad.
All three of these dogs need a little more, hmmm, training. They have a tendency to bark too much because stuff scares them.
Like humans, if you had been homeless, or abused, out in the cold streets with no food, you'd be a little skittish, too.
The shelters try their best when describing these dogs on the Web, which is how many potential owners search for a pet.
Shelby's sad start
There is Shelby, age estimated at 9. She's gotten one hit on the county's website.
So now she's being advertised as a “Dalmatian/mix.”
Anybody looking at her photo can see she's got a lot of pit bull in her, although her right ear does have some Dalmatian-like spots.
“It was a marketing decision by somebody else, to see if people would at least get in here, and by meeting her, would like her,” says Lori Mason, foster-care coordinator for the Regional Animal Services of King County.
Also, for Shelby, the shelter will waive the adoption fee. You pay the $30 license, and you get a bag of dog food thrown in. What a deal.
You meet Shelby at her kennel in the county's shelter in Kent, and you see a dog nuzzling up to the cage, wanting to be petted, to be near a human.
She was taken there Oct. 8, 2014, by Kent police. The report from Officer Dan Koehler describes in appalling detail what he encountered at an abandoned home. He found a smaller dog, Shelby and a rabbit in a cage. The smaller dog and rabbit would later be adopted out.
“Overwhelmed by the odor of animal feces and urine,” wrote Koehler.
Shelby was obviously malnourished, her skin sagging and ribs showing, said the report. She had open sores. Her toenails were so grown they were turning back upon themselves.
But what Koehler remembers even now is the demeanor of Shelby.
“It wasn't mean. It wasn't aggressive. It looked beaten down. Looked like it was done,” he says.
But right away, you also can see what might make a potential owner have doubts.
Her skin is red around her muzzle, the neck, parts of her belly. Allergies.
“We just give her Benadryl in the morning, and at night,” says Rick Fadler, of Newcastle, whose family has been fostering Shelby for nearly a year.
“She's a happy dog. Lounges around like any other dog.”
And Shelby should get grain-free dog food, around $26 for a 15-pound bag from Amazon.
But the technology consultant is planning his retirement, and he and his wife will be traveling. Shelby has to find a new home.
Another doubt a potential owner would have is what happens when Shelby is near a dog she doesn't know.
“She starts barking crazily,” says Fadler.
He says, “She's not a mean dog,” but does need an owner with the patience to take her to behavior classes.
The county takes in 4,300 dogs and cats a year; the city around 3,000; Seattle Humane about 7,100. Cats account for about three-fifths of that amount. (Cats are a story for another day.)
Seattle Humane is a “no kill” shelter. The public shelters here are close to “no kill,” with 10 to 12 percent of animals being euthanized if they are “unhealthy and untreatable.”
Pit bulls and Chihuahuas end up in shelters in great numbers, although figures are hard to pin down. They come in as mixed breeds. Statistics are not kept.
The pit bulls also come with a reputation. Pit Bull Rescue Central says there are many untrue stereotypes about the dogs. It says “prejudice and misunderstanding” about pit bulls “greatly exaggerate bite incidents.”
Nervous Mellie
Chihuahuas used to be a fad.
Chihuahua Rescue says, “The economic disaster and foreclosures have created the worst crisis for Chihuahuas and Chi mixes in U.S. history. Municipal shelters and private rescues are overwhelmed …”
Says Laura Follis, spokeswoman for Seattle Humane, “They became super-duper popular as ‘purse dogs' for people to carry around. It became very fashionable.”
In March, a Renton resident found a stray, which was named Mellie by Seattle Humane staffers. Shelters get creative about naming the animals; hence a “Russell” and a “Wilson.”
At an age estimated to be 7, Mellie is a “senior dog.” People like puppies. She's awaiting her buyout to a new home.
“She came to us somewhat traumatized. If someone leans down and starts petting her, she's very skittish and nervous. Someone has to stand by her, and let her kind of size them up,” says Follis.
The Chihuahua is being fostered by a vet tech at Seattle Humane, who brings the dog to the marketing office.
On the shelter's Facebook page, the office workers write, “We know you'll find someone who understands that you've been through a lot. It may take some time for you to trust this person but we promise when you do, you will find nothing but peace and happiness.”
But that barking one hears as Follis is talking on the phone? That's Mellie getting skittish about somebody.
“If someone invests in her, you'd have a little Velcro dog,” says Follis.
“Sweet, goofy” Dylan
Dylan is the third dog on our most unwanted list, and at 31 months, the one who's been with a shelter the longest.
He was found in West Seattle and brought into Seattle Animal Shelter with a skin infection.
He was adopted out all of 18 days, then returned. The woman who adopted Dylan said her adult child had moved back home, had a cat and didn't want any possible hassles with a dog.
That was the one time someone was interested.
His foster caretaker raves about Dylan, age guesstimated at 5.
But Jennifer Yu is 23, a graduate in psychology from the University of Washington. She's planning to leave Seattle.
“I won't be able to fully take care of a dog for its entire lifetime,” she says.
Yu and Dylan have bonded. Nights, he's on her bed.
“He loves cuddling,” she says. “He's sweet, goofy.”
Yu created a Facebook page for Dylan. There he is in a video, licking a Popsicle. There he is, on a hike with Yu.
There he is, looking guilty, a note in front of him, “I swiped a whole box of cookies from the counter …”
But — and there is always a “but” in a dog that's been with a shelter for so long — there is the matter of “social skills.”
“He's very puppylike when he gets excited, jumps on people, other dogs,” Yu says.
And there is the barking if a strange dog comes near him.
Yu has been taking him to behavior classes. Dylan is getting better at this socialization thing.
Still, Yu admits, “It's super slow progress. But when I do see it, it's so rewarding.”
There are comments from Dylan's fans on his Facebook page.
“Is this handsome boy still up for adoption?” a woman wrote.
That was back in October. Still no interest.
How does that saying go?
“There are no bad dogs.”
For some dogs, though, the wait to prove they're good, good dogs is a long one.
'Some bugger nicked me pluggers': Fisho to donate money after crowdfunding bid for new thongs
Updated
It all started with a humble plea: "Some bugger nicked me pluggers."
Now a Darwin fisherman who crowdfunded for a new pair of shoes is set to donate the money to those less fortunate after raising $69 to replace his "good" thongs.
"I didn't think it would go that far," Clancy Whalan said.
Earlier this month, Mr Whalan headed out one morning to Buffalo Creek for a spot of fishing with three mates with Territory-style nicknames — Soddy, Big Hands and Hot Beers.
"They don't like thongs on the boat. They consider it bad luck, so I decided to leave them next to a rock on the boat ramp.
"I came back about eight hours later — and I wasn't as sober as when I'd left — and the thongs are gone."
Mr Whalan said after an exhaustive five-minute search, and confirming he and his mates were indeed at the right ramp, the thongs were declared lost with suspicions of daylight robbery.
Unfortunately these were not any $4 cheap thongs and were actually a prized pair.
"These have bottle openers on the bottom of them. They're good," Mr Whalan said.
"I'd had them for at least two years. They were actually my backup thongs as I lost my new thongs a few weeks earlier. I'd left them on a mate's boat on Beer Can Regatta Day."
On his way home Mr Whalan at first felt that he "didn't know what to do", until he remembered something about online crowdfunding.
"To be honest, I've never used it before. It's not something I do often," he said.
"I thought it would be a bit of a laugh. I didn't think anyone would put any money towards it, but $69 has been raised."
'Sorry for your loss mate'
Comments on Mr Whalan's crowdfunding page have been overly empathetic.
"There ya go bruss, buy some plash ones ay!!!"
"Sorry for your loss mate. They are in a better place."
"Wishing you and your new thongs all the best in what I hope is a long and lovely union."
Mr Whalan said the surprising string of donations — nine people over 10 days — would now be put towards charity.
"There's a story I read the other day about a young family who lost their mother to a spider bite," he said.
"I think they're more needing of the money than me, so I'll give it to them.
"As soon as I figure out how the site works, I'll pass the money on."
Mr Whalan said he would probably buy himself a pair of cheap thongs for future fishing trips.
Topics: offbeat, people, darwin-0800
First posted
Your life is in danger. At this moment, a Chinese nuclear warhead sits in a missile silo. Its guidance, if launched, instructs the warhead to detonate a mile or two above your home. And this was all made possible by extortion, murder, and illegal campaign contributions to Bill and Hillary Clinton.
Remember Ron Brown? Brown was Clinton's Secretary of Commerce.
Ron Brown ran the Clintons' extortion racket in the 1990s.
Ron Brown played a role … he would rather not have. Targeted by an independent counsel along with his son Michael and his confidante (and my source) Nolanda Butler Hill on unrelated charges, Brown desperately needed the Clintons' help to keep himself, Hill, and especially Michael out of prison. In true Underwood fashion, the Clintons exploited Brown's vulnerability by making him their international bagman.
—Jack Cashill writing on American Thinker
Follow the Money
Records show that Commerce Secretary Ron Brown used his position to raise illegal donations for the Clintons. Brown turned the Commerce Department into a shakedown machine, just the way the Mafia shakes down businesses. Commerce under Clinton was a protection racket. Donate to the Clintons or something bad might happen to your company. Or your kids.
In a 1998 summary of Clinton's criminal activities involving Chinese campaign contributions, Phyllis Schlafly wrote:
Bill Clinton's friend and ubiquitous Democratic fundraiser Johnny Chung told Federal investigators that he funneled nearly $100,000 from the Communist Chinese military to the Democratic campaign in the summer of 1996. The money was handed to Chung by the daughter of the top commander of China's People's Liberation Army, General Liu Huaqing, who was also one of the top five members of the Chinese Communist Party's ruling Politburo.
Remember that illegal influence peddling is the primary mission of the Clinton Foundation. Hillary Clinton used the State Department to extort cash payments from corporations and foreign governments. Clinton laundered the dirty money through the Clinton Foundation.
In the 1990s, the Clintons ran the same money laundering scheme through Ron Brown's Commerce Department.
The More You Know About the Clintons, the Sooner You Will Die
After a religious experience, Ron Brown's confidante Nolanda Hill told her story to former Wall Street Journal and Washington Post reporter Jack Cashill. Writing on the 10th anniversary of Brown's likely assassination, Cashill says:
Hill is convinced and always has been that Ron Brown was assassinated. At the time of his death, I had refused to believe such a scenario possible. I was doing talk radio then in Kansas City, and I vigorously rejected all speculation about conspiracy. When I started research for my book, Ron Brown's Body, in 2003, I began with the conviction that the plane crash was accidental and the famed hole in Brown's head was some sort of anomaly. To say the least, I have lost that conviction.
Cashill has made the story his life's work. And for good reason. Bill and Hillary Clinton are extortion artists at best and murdering traitors at worst.
You should believe the worst. As Jack Cashill wrote in American Thinking in 2014:
As Hill tells it, Brown arranged a meeting with Clinton at the White House family quarters. It did not go well. When Clinton said there was nothing he could do for Michael, Brown resorted to his ultimate bargaining chip. If he had to, he told Clinton, he was prepared to reveal the president's treasonous dealings with China, news of which had yet to break.
We now know the China deal involved selling US military secrets to China in exchange for Chinese contributions to the DNC laundered through a tech company called Loral. The late Phyllis Schlafly explained in 1998:
In June 1994, the CEO of Loral Space and Communications, Bernard Schwartz, made a $100,000 contribution to the Democratic National Committee. He then joined a Ron Brown trip to China that led to a $250 million telecommunications deal for Loral's satellites to be launched by Chinese rockets [in violation of US law at the time].
In October 1994, Clinton lifted the sanctions he had imposed on China for selling missile technology to Pakistan. In early 1995, Schwartz sent a letter to Clinton urging that responsibility for satellite-export licenses be shifted from the State Department to the Commerce Department. Meanwhile, both Schwartz and Johnny Chung made more huge donations, in excess of $100,000, to the Democratic Party.
Back to Ron Brown's desperate meeting with Clinton. Guess how Bill and Hillary dealt with Brown's threat.
Next thing you know, Ron was on his final seat-selling trade mission, this one to Croatia to cut a deal between the neo-fascists who ran the country and the Enron Corporation. Yes, that Enron. He never got there. The Air Force plane that carried Brown, the military version of a Boeing 737, crashed into a hillside outside Dubrovnik. Brown and 34 others were killed.
After the crash that took out the US Secretary of Commerce and 33 others, the Clinton Administration covered up everything. They prohibited an autopsy of Ron Brown's body despite evidence of a bullet wound in Brown's skull. The military general in charge of the “investigation” repeatedly lied to the press and to Congress. The US Air Force released false press statements claiming the plane's wreckage was found in the Adriatic. The US government said the plane crashed in the “worst storm in a decade,” which was a laughable lie even at the time. And many involved in the investigation died by accident or gunshot wound before testifying.
Those are facts on the record.
But Nolanda Hill thinks the Clinton's ordered their hit on Brown before that White House meeting. Here's how Jack Cashill recounts Hill's thinking:
Today, after much reflection, Hill no longer believes that the meeting with President Clinton triggered the trip to Croatia. She believes that the planning of Brown's demise had already begun. “They [the president's advisors] knew he was going to get indicted. They knew that he was gone.” Brown was the classic “man who knew too much.” The knowledge that had protected when his legal problems could still be fixed left him vulnerable when those problems were beyond fixing.
Back to Cashill's American Thinker article:
The Enron executives landed safely in their own jet just a few minutes earlier despite what the Clinton administration called “the worst storm in a decade.” As I learned in reading the 22-volume USAF report on the crash, it was not even raining at the time, and the sun was peeking through the clouds. I requested that report eight years after the crash. As far as I know, I was the first person in the media to request it, and the New York Times had a reporter on the plane.
And the Enron flight carried a very important connection to Hillary Rodham Clinton, as will see very soon.
Clinton's Treason Goes Deeper Still
These paragraphs from Phyllis Schlafly's excellent summary of the Chinese missile scandal will make you shudder:
The rationale for allowing U.S. satellites to be launched by Chinese rockets is that the technology is safely locked up in a black box, and Americans monitor the launch to assure that it stays secured. But when the Loral rocket blew up, the parts were scattered. The Pentagon refused comment on the Drudge report that the Loral engineers who reviewed the recovered debris said that the encryption hardware was missing.
U.S. intelligence has reported that China has targeted 13 of its 18 CSS-4 long-range missiles against U.S. cities. The CIA says that China's targeting was made more accurate by Loral's unauthorized help. The Justice Department started a criminal investigation of Loral, and the State Department warned that Loral's actions were “criminal, likely to be indicted, knowing and unlawful.”
In March 1996, despite the objections of Secretary of State Warren Christopher, the Defense Department and our intelligence agencies, Clinton personally transferred jurisdiction over satellite-export licensing from the State Department to his pal, Commerce Secretary Ron Brown. Meanwhile, Bernard Schwartz stepped up his contributions to the Democratic Party and became the largest single contributor in the 1996 election cycle. Clinton signed another waiver this year to allow Loral Space to export a satellite that is scheduled to be launched by the Chinese in November.
To cover up their treason, the Clintons apparently ordered the assassination of Ron Brown and 33 others who boarded a doomed Air Force flight on a trade mission to Croatia.
So why haven't the Clintons been tried and convicted for these capital crimes? Because they're out of reach of US law, protected by the Wall Street and corporate interests who laundered Chinese money to the Clintons in the 1990s. That and Republican fecklessness. The GOP impeached and tried Clinton over the Monica Lewinsky scandal when the real crime of the Clinton Administration involved treason and state assassinations. Assassinations and sham investigations.
The Mysterious, Beautiful Woman
While the Ron Brown assassination story has yet to reach its end, Jack Cashill's reporting explains Clinton's desperation to win the White House in 2016. And it involves a mysterious woman.
[caption id=“attachment_20824” align=“alignleft” width=“176”] Zdenka Gast[/caption]
Cashill found an intriguing open loop in an Air Force report on the assassination of Ron Brown. (The USAF does not call the report an assassination report, but you know by now that it was.) This open loop was a Croatian woman named Zdenka Gast.
[For more about Zdenka Gast and Hillary's serial lies, click here.]
Gast was supposed to be on Ron Brown's plane. At the last minute, she was removed from that death flight's manifest and moved to the Enron plane.
Why the move?
According to a witness, “There were problems in – in – in this – in concluding this deal where they wanted to sign a letter of intent, and so, rather than – than go on the Brown trip, she stayed with the Inron [sic] people to do the final negotiations.”
The Air Force never interviewed Gast. The USAF claimed they were unable to find her. But Cashill found in a few minutes of searching. He contacted her office. Gast's office said she'd return the call shortly. Six years later, Cashill is still waiting.
Well, no. Cashill isn't waiting. He knows he'll never hear from Gast. As Jack Cashill explains in his American Thinker story:
Inquiring into Gast's background, I came across the Croatian-language magazine Gloria. The photo that graced this article leapt off the page at me. In the center of three smiling women, all linked arm in arm, was Gast, an attractive, full-figured redhead. On her left was the then Secretary of Labor, Alexis Herman. On her right was none other than Hillary Clinton. Gast was one of only forty guests at a 2000 White House wedding reception for Herman, the woman who dispatched Brown on his fatal trip. Most of the other guests the reader would recognize by name.
According to public records, Gast lives in Grand Island, New York with a home in Florida. She's listed as CEO of Z Global Consulting Ltd., a company with no apparent legal formation in any state. Except for a bare-bones LinkedIn profile, Gast seems to have been wiped from the internet.
Let's hope Zdenka, now 67, is still alive.
Hillary Clinton keeps her friends close … and her witnesses closer. Just ask Ron Brown.
ROGERSVILLE — Despite a few voices of opposition, the Hawkins County Commission approved a resolution Monday asking the Tennessee General Assembly to defy last year's U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalizing gay marriage.
The resolution was approved 13-3 with three abstentions, but it may be a moot point.
Last week in Nashville a proposed Tennessee bill that sought to defy the U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage was defeated in committee by a vote of 4-1.
Tennessee legislators have stated that bill is now all but dead due to the potential loss of $8.5 billion in federal funding that Tennessee would put in jeopardy by defying federal law.
“We might not like the law, but we're bound by what the Supreme Court has ruled,” Hawkins County Attorney Jim Phillips told the commission Monday. “Unless the Supreme Court changes it's mind somewhere down the line, that law is going to stay in place. It's not going to be overturned by the Tennessee legislature, or any other legislature.”
In light of the death of the bill, on Monday Commissioner John Metz suggested tabling the resolution.
Metz suggested reworking the resolution similar to how the commission reworked it's annual resolution asking the General Assembly to reinstate elected school superintendents.
Instead of a resolution representing the commission as a whole, Metz suggested that those commissioners who so desire could sign their name to a resolution every year and send it to the General Assembly for consideration.
When Metz asked for a second to his motion to table, however, Commissioner B.D. Cradic, who sponsored the resolution, answered with a resounding, “No!”
“And I'll say this here, that we're governed by the higher powers than man down here,” Cradic said. “... The Bible says if you gain the whole world and lose your souls, what would it benefit you. ... Each one of us one day, we gonna die, and we gonna face God, whether you realize it or not. It's a time that we take a stand on what our beliefs are.
Cradic quoted and/or paraphrased several bible verses pertaining to marriage. He said everyone commissioner would be held accountable by God for what they say and how they voted Monday.
“God, he loves everybody,” Cradic said. “I love everybody as well. But there are certain things in the Bible that goes against nature itself.”
Cradic added, “This morning politics has butted itself into religion. I myself, I gotta vote my conscience and my heart, because one day I will stand in front of God. You will too, whether you realize it or not.”
Metz replied, “I think it would make a bigger statement to actually pen your signature to a resolution rather than it go out saying the Commission as a whole. I think that makes a bolder stance.”
Metz said the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution protects religion, but it also inhibits religion from taking over government.
“I believe (the resolution) is terribly divisive on a local level,” Metz added. “My personal preference actually differs from my preference as an elected official.”
Commissioner Joe McLain said he swore to support and defend the U.S. Constitution when he took his oath upon joining the Navy, as well as when he took his oath upon being elected to the county commission.
“This (resolution) is in conflict with the oath that we've taken,” McLain said. “How can we reconcile that.
Cradic relied on, “They have turned the law of the land into all kind of different things contrary to the word of God. Based on that my oath first of all is to serve God.”
Commissioner Eugene Christian recognized Jody Erwin of Mount Carmel to address the commission before it voted on Cradic's resolution.
Erwin told commissioners they don't have to agree with gay marriage, but they do need to remember their responsibility to uphold the U.S. Constitution and the rights of approximately 256 citizens of Hawkins County who identify themselves as LGBT.
“I'm here today to express my horror at a group using religious indignation to suppress this small minority,” Erwin told the commission. “If they had come before you first with a resolution condemning divorce, a subject that's well covered in the Bible, and a real threat to over half of all marriages, I might believe that they are trying to uphold the sanctity of marriage. Since this is not the case, I must conclude it's homophobic hysteria, which makes them the problem.”
Erwin added, “Gays do not choose to be gay, no more than left handed people choose to be left handed. You do not speak for all Christians, at least not the ones who live by the red words.”
Commissioners who voted in favor of the resolution Thursday included Cradic, Syble V. Trent, Fred Castle, Jeff Barrett, Danny Alvis, Greg Fletcher, Linda Kimbro, Dawson Fields, Mark Linkous, Darrell Gilliam, Charlie Newton, Robert Palmer, and Michael Herrell
Those who voted against were McLain, metz, and Glenda Davis.
Those who abstained were Christian, Dwight Carter and Shane Bailey.
The Dutch government's plan to ban pot tourism in the southern Netherlands will no longer take effect on New Year's Day. According to the justice ministry, the proposed legislation has been postponed and will now take effect in May 2012.
The government is seeking to amend the current law to prevent “coffee shops” from selling cannabis to foreigners by implementing the use of a “wietpas”, or weed pass, for which only residents would be eligible. The weed pass is expected to be introduced into the southern provinces of Limburg, North Brabant and Zeeland on 1 May, and then to the rest of the country in 2013.
The use of marijuana has been tolerated under controlled conditions for more than 30 years in the Netherlands. An inbound tourism survey last year found that 14% of all tourists to the Netherlands head to coffee shops, with 30% of Spanish tourists, 19% of Italian tourists and 19% of American tourists paying a visit while on their holiday.
If the current law is amended, though, enforcement will be in the hands of the local governments, said Mario Lap, a drug policy advisor and the director of the Amsterdam-based Drugtext Foundation. “Coffee shops and their lawyers will go to the court at once when a town starts to introduce these new rules,” he explained, “meaning the mayor will be on trial defending these rules laid upon him.” Furthermore, he said, if a mayor did not wish to implement the weed pass system in the first place, it would be unlikely to be enforced.
It is not just the coffee shops that oppose this measure. According to the Netherlands Board of Tourism and Conventions, there has been considerable opposition from several major cities, including Amsterdam. As Amsterdam Tourism and Convention Board spokeswoman Machteld Ligtvoet told CNN, “Amsterdam doesn't want it."
But in border cities in the provinces of Limburg and North Brabant, there are local officials and residents who support the introduction of a weed pass. These areas are known to attract German, Belgian and French residents who drive across the border for the sole purpose of buying marijuana.
If the card is introduced, said Susan Deerenberg, communications manager for the Netherlands Board of Tourism and Conventions, “NBTC will monitor its impact in association with relevant stakeholders. NBTC would greatly regret introduction of the card resulting in fewer tourists visiting the Netherlands.”
That said, the tourism board cannot be certain what effect restrictions on visitors would have on the tourism industry. “The introduction of the weed card might result in slightly fewer foreign tourists choosing Amsterdam or the Netherlands as a destination for a stay,” Deerenberg said. “On the other hand, a less liberal policy might actually attract new tourists among people who currently feel less inclined to visit Amsterdam or the Netherlands precisely because of the liberal image.”
The only thing that is clear is the effect that the new legislation would have on coffee shops themselves. If the plan to bar tourists from patronizing these businesses goes through, legal battles are likely to ensue, noted Lap. “This is all but done,” says Lap.
VICTORIA — B.C.'s New Democrats have a lead in popularity over the B.C. Liberals eight months before the provincial election, according to a new poll, but the race remains virtually tied in the key battleground ridings in Metro Vancouver.
A new Mainstreet Research poll, conducted for Postmedia News, found 38 per cent of decided and leaning voters in B.C. favour the provincial NDP — a five-point lead over the governing Liberals, who sit at 33 per cent. The B.C. Greens had 16 per cent support and the B.C. Conservatives 14 per cent.
“While the NDP currently has a five-per-cent lead over the Liberals, the NDP have led in the polls before only to be disappointed when the votes are counted,” said Quito Maggi, president of Mainstreet Research, in a reference to the NDP's vast lead in polls but eventual loss in the 2013 election. “What should concern them is many more British Columbians don't know where they stand compared to the Liberals.”
The NDP's popularity is largely boosted by its dominance of Vancouver Island (48 per cent), where the party holds 11 of 14 seats. The Liberals remain more popular in the interior (36 per cent), where they won seats at the NDP's expense in the last election, according to the poll.
The two parties are almost within the poll's margin of error in Greater Vancouver, which is expected be the main battleground in the May 2017 election because it holds many of the swing ridings and almost half of the seats in the legislature.
“We're seeing three different British Columbias,” said Maggi.
“However there is weakness in the NDP's support. While 50 per cent of voters says the economy will be important when casting their ballot, only 21 per cent say the NDP are focused on job creation compared to 41 per cent for the Liberals.”
Mainstreet surveyed a random sample of 2,207 B.C. residents by landline and cellphone on Sept. 7 and 8. The poll has a margin of error of +/- 2.09 per cent, 19 times out of 20 and the results were weighed by age and gender based upon the census.
The NDP and Liberals have traded leads in polls by other companies this year. The weighted average by website ThreeHundredEight.com of three previous polls in May and August had the Liberals at 38.5 per cent approval, compared to 31.6 per cent for the NDP and 14.5 per cent for the Greens and 13.6 per cent for the Conservatives.
The Mainstreet poll found relatively high optimism about the economy and personal finances, which is expected to be the key re-election focus of the B.C. Liberals. Yet one in three voters polled were also unsure if the province was headed in the right direction.
“It doesn't look like either party has been successful in selling a narrative about the state of the province,” Maggi wrote in his poll report.
B.C. remains split on the proposal by Kinder Morgan to twin its Trans Mountain oil pipeline, which runs from Alberta to Burnaby, according to the poll. Almost 43 per cent of people polled were opposed, 42 per cent were in favour and 15 per cent were undecided. Greater Vancouver residents were similarly divided on the pipeline project, with the highest opposition registering on Vancouver Island.
”Despite their own personal opposition it does look like some British Columbians have begun to accept the Kinder Morgan pipeline expansion may be approved regardless,” said Maggi.
“These numbers are very similar to the ones we have found in British Columbia in previous polling.”
Ottawa is set to decide on the $6.8 billion project by Dec. 19.
The B.C. government's climate change plan — which was attacked by many environmental groups for not immediately raising the carbon tax — also appears not to have caught the public's attention, with the poll showing the majority of people polled hadn't followed news of the plan and 36 per cent had no opinion.
rshaw@postmedia.com
twitter.com/robshaw_vansun
Teacher accused of saying: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and get you sent back to Africa'
A Florida high school teacher and golf coach is under fire today after he allegedly told black students: "Don't make me call Donald Trump and get you sent back to Africa."
John Sousa works at Tampa Bay-area Wesley Chapel High School. On Friday he was placed on administrative leave after the alleged incident.
The parent of the student who made the accusation took to Facebook to voice his concern.
(Story continues below.)
John Sousa is a teacher at Tampa Bay-area Wesley Chapel High School. He's accused of making a racist, Trump-related comment at students. John Sousa is a teacher at Tampa Bay-area Wesley Chapel High School. He's accused of making a racist, Trump-related comment at students. Photo: Tampa Bay Times Screenshot Photo: Tampa Bay Times Screenshot Image 1 of / 17 Caption Close Teachers accused of saying: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and get you sent back to Africa' 1 / 17 Back to Gallery
"He actually admitted saying it. He said it was just an off the wall comment and wasn't meant to be racist. He said it was a bunch of male and female students in the hallway and he was talking to everyone," the student's father, Donnie Jones Jr., wrote. "Let's be honest here. I could see if he said Donald's going to deport everyone. (Even then I would have questions) but my daughter said he pointed at the 3 black students and said Donald's going to send you back to Africa. I believe he's sorry but he's only sorry because he's in trouble."
WORKING FOR FREE: What surprised us from Trump on '60 Minutes'
"We take this type of alleged behavior very seriously and we will not tolerate it," district spokeswoman Linda Cobbe told the Tampa Bay Times. "We are following our investigative procedures and will take appropriate action."
A final decision on whether Sousa will return to the school could be announced as soon as Tuesday.
This incident is one of many reported instances of post-election harassment and conflicts.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Police are investigating a message of hate spray painted on a car parked in Richmond's North Highland Park neighborhood.
The words “GAY MOVE DIE” were painted on the vehicle sometime between 9:30 p.m. and 10 p.m. on Halloween night.
Michael Bowman said when he walked out of his home Tuesday night and spotted the hateful message he “just broke down.”
"This is 2017, I should not be having these issues,” Bowman said. “I should not feel unsafe in my own neighborhood."
The car was parked along the 3400 block of Delaware Avenue when it was targeted.
Surveillance video captured the suspect on the normally quiet street first walking past the SUV before turning to paint “GAY” on the driver's side of the vehicle. He walked away only to return a minute later to paint “MOVE” and “DIE” before walking off.
"I was fine seeing the first word," Bowman said. "But 'MOVE,' I was like, 'No, I'm not moving.' I'm, a fighter not a quitter. Then when I saw 'DIE,' I was like, 'Why would you even write that?'"
The incident has activists in Richmond's LGBT community alarmed.
"It is a hate crime,” LGBT advocate Bill Harrison said. “A young man was targeted with ‘DIE,' with the word ‘DIE' because he is gay. And in this climate that we live in, every threat has to be taken seriously."
Virginia Pride President James Millner said the act was meant to spread fear.
"It's an act meant to intimidate, to drive fear into people, to drive fear into the hearts of the LGBT people in our community,” Millner said.
But for Bowman, it is not just the message, but the fact this is his parent's vehicle.
“That's what makes it even worse because neither of us have the money to get it fixed,” Bowman.
Police are investigating the incident as a hate crime.
"The Richmond Police Department stands with the LGBTQ community in condemning what happened," Richmond Police Chief Alfred Durham said. "I have directed the Department's LGBTQ liaison, Captain Dan Minton, to monitor the progress of the investigation to keep everyone informed."
Anyone with information was asked to call Detective Lt. Herman Loney, III at 804 646-4195 or Crime Stoppers at 804-780-1000.
Witnesses can send news tips or photos here.
Paul Manafort, President Trump's former campaign manager, is handing over documents to a Senate committee investigating attempts by the Russian government and foreign agents to influence American elections, the committee announced Tuesday night.
Manafort had been subpoenaed by the Senate Judiciary Committee to testify at a public hearing Wednesday, but the committee has agreed to withdraw the subpoena in exchange for him committing to "negotiate in good faith" to find a future date to interview with the committee.
“Faced with issuance of a subpoena, we are happy that Mr. Manafort has started producing documents to the Committee and we have agreed to continue negotiating over a transcribed interview," committee chair Sen. Chuck Grassley and ranking member Sen. Dianne Feinstein said in a statement Tuesday night. The senators added that "Cooperation from witnesses is always the preferred route, but this agreement does not prejudice the committee's right to compel his testimony in the future."
The senators did not specify what the documents they have received relate to.
The committee originally said last week that it would not subpoena Manafort as it negotiated an agreement with him to provide documents and be interviewed by committee members and staff. But Grassley and Feinstein said in a joint statement earlier Tuesday that they had been unable to finalize the deal.
"Mr. Manafort, through his attorney, said that he would be willing to provide only a single transcribed interview to Congress, which would not be available to the Judiciary Committee members or staff. While the Judiciary Committee was willing to cooperate on equal terms with any other committee to accommodate Mr. Manafort's request, ultimately that was not possible," Grassley and Feinstein said.
The subpoena was issued on Monday evening, according to the statement.
Asked about the subpoena, a spokesman for Manafort said in a statement that Manafort met on Tuesday morning, "by previous agreement, with the bipartisan staff of the Senate Intelligence Committee and answered their questions fully."
Manafort was among a list of witnesses that the Senate Judiciary Committee asked to testify at a hearing on the Foreign Agents Registration Act and influence in US elections. Donald Trump Jr. was also on the list, but Grassley and Feinstein announced on Friday that, as was the case with Manafort, they were negotiating an agreement with him to provide documents and be interviewed by the committee. Grassley said at the time that Trump Jr. and Manafort would eventually "appear openly."
MaFa Games is absolutely your number one resource of free online girl games which includes dress up games, makeover/makeup games, Celebrity Games, Cooking Games, Decorating Games, Design Games, dora games, Monster High Games, and much more. We now have more than 2,000 fun fashion games that you can play in your browser directly. If you would like all the joy of a classic game without the download trouble, then you'll completely enjoy playing games online. Whatever kind of games you are searching for, we've collected them for you. This is actually the best place on the web to play games for girls without cost! Thousands of options from the best developers around, such as GirlsGoGames.com, GirlGames.com, Games2Girls.com, and DiDiGames and so on. If you're ready to begin playing right now, just simply select your preferred game and click to relax and play. We add brand-new games on a daily basis so you will never get bored at here. On MaFa.com there isn't any annoying advertisement or POPUP, enjoy!
X
Changes called for as 1% of population accounts for 1/3 of health care spending
Ontario's Health and Long-term Care Minister is calling for a change in how health care costs are scrutinized in light of research showing that a tiny proportion of the Ontario population accounts for a very large proportion of health care expenditures.
“We need to shift our focus” away from line-by-line scrutiny of hospital, drug and long term care spending towards “what we spend on patients,” Deb Matthews, told HealthAchieve, the annual meeting of the Ontario Health Association, last month.
Such a focus will help provide better care, and better value for dollars spent, she said.
Of the province's 13.7 million people, a mere 1% (about 137,000 people) accounted for 34% of Ontario health care expenditures in 2007, according to a report from the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences (ICES), which tracked most major health care costs.
To “qualify” to be in the top 1% category, health care expendiitures for each person were at least $33,335 a year. Altogether, the 1% accounted for $7.8 billion of the total spending that year of $23 billion, according to the research.
At the other end of the spectrum, 50% of the Ontario population accounted for about 1% resources in 2007, representing spending of less than $181 per capita.
Such findings are not new or unique to Ontario. Manitoba researches from more than a decade ago revealed the same trend, as has research from the United States, and the United Kingdom has been studying how to act on the information. But a spotlight is being directed to the issue because of the increasing emphasis on accountability and the sustainability of health care, as well as changing demographics and the aging of the Canadian population.
Who is in the 1%?
That the most ill people use the most health care resources is appropriate. But this information raises some important questions: who makes up the 1%, can their health care needs to be better (and more cost effectively) managed, and if so, where should investments be made or reallocated?
The individuals who make up the 1% vary from year to year—some remain top users of health for a period of time, while some transition out of the category, notes Ken Lam, whose PhD thesis involved a close examination of Manitoba data.
The Ontario data reveal that about 25% of the highest cost patients remain in that category in the following year, according to health economist Walter Wodchis, who was lead author of the ICES report.
Among the high users are individuals at the end of their lives, people with chronic and sometimes multiple illnesses, accident/trauma survivors, and infants with high health care needs. Clearly, “one size does not fit all” when it comes to addressing the needs of this diverse group, notes Lam, who teaches at York University's school of health policy and management.
“Skewed” use of health care resources exists for all ages, conditions
The ICES research indicates that the vast majority (~80%) of those in the top 1% category in Ontario are age 65 and older. But Lam stresses that although the elderly are often pointed to as high users, the unequal utilization of health care resources is a persistent feature for the elderly and for all other age groups. (Those who are over-65, and are in the top 1% category in Ontario, represent about only 6% of the over-65 age population.)
The “skewing” trend also persists among those with chronic conditions, such as diabetes or asthma, as only a small proportion of sufferers account for a large proportion of health care expenditure, according to research he co-authored.
The health care resource that is most “skewed” towards a small proportion of the population is in-hospital acute care; physician and prescription drug utilization are somewhat more evenly distributed among the population, according to Lam's Manitoba research, which did not include long term care.
Ontario follows much the same pattern, but also shows that for those over 65 years in the top 1%, the vast majority of expenses are for acute care and long-term care, according to research by Wodchis and others.
Significant structural and funding changes are needed in order to better manage most of the top 1% patients, observers argue. “We're good at acute care but not good at providing chronic care or home care.” says Jeff Turnbull, chief of staff at Ottawa Hospital and a former president of the Canadian Medical Association. “We need substantive change. Up to now, we've just been playing around the edges.”
Acute care is now “default” for chronic care management
The problem goes back to the fact that when medicare was established and public coverage was limited to hospital care, physician services, and in-hospital prescription drugs. Health care money is in dedicated “silos” and reallocation is challenging, Turnbull notes.
Still, a number of initiatives are underway to find ways to better manage and integrate care for high users.
For example Wodchis and colleagues, in a project being funded by the Ministry of Health and Long-term Care, are focusing on finding ways to better address the needs of those 65 years and older in the top 1% category, most of whom suffer from one or more chronic diseases.
Better coordination of care is needed to avoid situations where, for example, a patient with both heart failure and kidney failure may be told to take a lower dose of a diuretic (which reduces water in the body) by the endocrinologist and a higher dose by the cardiologist, Wodchis said in an interview.
One challenge with this approach will be to decide which patients qualify for more intensive case management, recognizing that others with similar care needs may benefit from this approach. For example, if the focus of the intervention is on the highest 1% of health care users, is it acceptable that the next 1% not receive the same services?
For his part, Turnbull argues that acute care in hospital is now a default for chronic care management in the current system. Instead, he would like to see much greater emphasis placed on teams of health care professionals providing care for people with chronic illnesses where they live.
The team-based primary care that Ontario has introduced should be built on, so that in addition to having patients come to them, the teams could be required to provide care in homes, in long-term care institutions and in shelters for the homeless, he said. The principle is to provide the most appropriate care in the most appropriate circumstances—when and where needed, Turnbull said.
The “assess and restore” approach to the elderly
Within Canada, Ontario has the highest rate of alternate levels of care —people waiting in hospital to return home, or be admitted to a retirement homes or long term care facility—according to a 2011 report by Dr. David Walker.
In the report, Walker argued that primary care providers must place a priority on care for the elderly, identify those at risk and actively manage their multiple challenges.
Walker called for an “assess and restore” approach to the frail elderly, aimed at restoring their level of functioning, instead of allowing them to languish in hospital (or elsewhere) while their condition deteriorates.
Along the same lines, long-term care facilities should “focus a portion of their capacity on cyclical, restorative, transitional and respite care programs, while maintaining permanent placement for those with more complex needs,” Walker's report stated.
Too many of the 1% of high users, such as those with chronic illnesses and people at the end of life, “are forced into the not-useful existing paradigm” of acute care, Turnbull argues. This is an issue being explored by the Canadian Research Network for Care in the Community
Health Minister Matthews appears ready to take action by focusing on those who have high health care needs. In her address last month, she talked about the creation of health networks that will link all the health care providers in a given geographic area who are providing care to individuals with a focus on those using who utilize a high proportion of health resources.
These health link networks would work to ensure that there is one “most responsible provider” for each patient. How these networks would be created and implemented within the current system of healthcare delivery has yet to be elaborated.
For more coverage on this issue, see the Health Care Checkup in the Toronto Star.
The Ministry of Health and Long Term Care has announced the launch of 19 Health Links.
Countries Where the Internet is Restricted
At a time when net neutrality is being hotly debated all over the world, there are a few countries that severely restrict the usage of the internet. In many of these countries speaking out your mind can lead to imprisonment or in extreme cases even execution.
Let us take a look at some countries where internet is controlled by the government and going against it may lead you to trouble.
North Korea
North Korea is notoriously isolated. But what would come as a shock to internet lovers around the world is the fact that for most of the North Koreans this privilege is non-existent. The internet is under government control and as per reports, about four percent of the total population has access to it. These are basically some ambassadors, government officials, and outside assistance groups. There are 1,024 known IP addresses in North Korea as compared to some 1.5 billion in the United States. So the question is how do people in North Korea go about their lives without internet. Here, the ordinary people get access to Kwangmyong, which opened in the year 2000 and is a national, walled-off intranet, or simply called a pseudo internet. But the catch is that it has around 5,500 websites and information is limited as people are only able to see what the government wants them to.
Cuba
The internet in Cuba is tightly controlled by the government. The ICT environment of Cuba is characterized by slow connectivity and high prices make it unaffordable for a large section of the society, and heavy government regulation. The government has set up Wi-Fi hotspots in a few places but accessing these would cost an average Cuban about a tenth of his monthly salary.
But things seem to be changing for the better. The country recently announced that broadband internet service would be launched in two pilot projects in the capital Havana. This comes as a breather to scores of citizens who had to resort to innovative ways to access the internet and create apps. The launch of broadband would definitely lead to a change in the life of people, at least those living in Havana.
Iran
Iran is another nation where the internet is highly regulated. Reports suggest that only 40 million people use internet in the country. This is not a significant number in a country which has around 78 million people. The government has banned many western media sites such as YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter. As Iran is a conservative nation, pornographic sites are heavily banned but many sites pertaining to society, art and news are also not accessible. The government also filters traffic based on its content. However, the youth of the nation has a way of bypassing that. A recent survey, which was released by the nation's ministry of youth and sports, said that about 70 percent of the youth of the nation surfed the internet using anti-filters.
China
An economic powerhouse which is famed for its companies such as Lenovo and Alibaba, China also has one of the most rigid censorships. There are an estimated more than 600 million people in China who use the internet. However, the government resorts to the Great Fire Wall, which is an extensive Internet filtering and censorship system. Searches are filtered, sites are blocked and any content that is considered inconvenient is erased, especially pertaining to Tiananmen Square massacre or independence of Taiwan. Sites like Twitter, Facebook and Google are either blocked or severely restricted.
Syria
War-torn Syria will definitely find a place on the list of countries where the Internet is severely restricted. Since 2011, when civil war broke out in the country, the government has heavily curbed internet and other means of communication. The government has used systems which have been instrumental in preventing the spread of images as well as news that show the official campaigns to destroy rebellions against it. The government of Syria monitors the internet very closely. Citizens have also been arrested for expressing their opinions.
As the Invisible Primary for 2016 reaches its zenith in the months before formal voting begins, there is one Republican candidate doing very well despite a lack of media attention, a record in public office, an elaborate campaign apparatus or even a clearly articulated platform. In the latest survey of Iowa for the Des Moines Register and Bloomberg Politics by highly-regarded pollster Ann Selzer, Ben Carson is running second behind Donald Trump at 18 percent, triple the vote share of supposed Establishment favorite Jeb Bush, and more than twice the vote share of early Iowa frontrunner Scott Walker.
He's also the top candidate in second-choice preferences. Carson's favorable/unfavorable rating in the Selzer poll is 79/8, best in the field, with 46 percent giving him a “very favorable” rating; no one else is close to that number. And as political observers absorbed these findings, a new Iowa poll came out from Monmouth showing Carson tied with Trump for the lead at 23 percent. Each had the same vote share as Bush, Walker, Kasich, Rubio and Paul combined.
Carson reportedly has four paid staffers in Iowa. So his popularity is not the product of any “ground game.” He's in the middle of the pack in terms of days spent there, so it's not like he's carpet-bombing the state with personal appearances, either. Unlike Trump, he is not identified with any particular position on a hot-button issue. While he seems to be an orthodox “movement conservative” in nearly every respect, the issue content on his campaign webpage is very general when not eccentrically specific (e.g., he has no section on crime or criminal justice or terrorism, but does have one on the need to “keep Gitmo open”).
Admiration for Carson's dazzling medical career and up-from-the-ghetto background appears to be a factor, though knowledge of that career and background is mainly centered among African-Americans, who are not heavily represented among Republicans, especially in Iowa. So what's his appeal, and what does he represent?
Much of the talk about Carson at present involves contrasts with Trump. Linda Feldmann of the Christian Science Monitor sums it up:
Ben Carson, in many ways, is the antithesis of Donald Trump.
Mr. Trump is loud and bombastic; Dr. Carson is low-key and genial. When Trump speaks, he chops his hands in the air as if to enhance his brashness. Carson has calm, steady, surgeon's hands—“Gifted Hands,” as his memoir is titled.
Moreover, Trump talks endlessly about how he will fix America's problems and make the country great again. Though Carson hardly lacks self-assurance, his rap invariably focuses on the ability of the American people to solve their own problems using common sense.
But Carson's temperament or biography are hardly enough to make him so appealing to a strongly ideological and currently very frustrated GOP base. It's the subtext of his calm words that packs a punch if you know how to interpret them, which most non-conservative observers probably don't.
Consider this moment from the first GOP presidential debate, in which he was generally rated as among the “winners.” Chris Wallace asked Carson how he would deal with Hillary Clinton as an opponent who might accuse Republicans of fighting the aspirations of women and minorities and the poor and taking the country backwards:
CARSON: If Hillary is the candidate, which I doubt, that would be a dream come true.
(LAUGHTER)
The fact of the matter is, she is the epitome of the progressive — the secular progressive movement. And she counts on the fact that people are uninformed, the Alinsky Model, taking advantage of useful idiots. Well, I just happen to believe that people are not stupid.
(APPLAUSE)
And the way I will come at it is to educate people, help people to actually understand that it is that progressive movement that is causing them the problems.
You know, you look at the — the national debt and how it's being driven up. If I was trying to destroy this country, what I would do is find a way to drive wedges between all the people, drive the debt to an unsustainable level, and then step off the stage as a world leader and let our enemies increase while we decreased our capacity as a military person. And that's what she's doing.
(APPLAUSE)
The “Alinsky Model” is a dog whistle to a certain breed of conspiracy minded hard-core conservative, as is the identification of Clinton with the “secular progressive movement.” Both are references some might recognize from Glenn Beck's many discourses, and both are meant to describe people who are actively and consciously working through deceit to enslave if not destroy (Carson's word) America. The Alinsky Model's main weapon, according to most aficionados of this sort of thinking, is “political correctness,” which happens to be Dr. Ben Carson's favorite phrase for everything he is fighting against.
Earlier in the Fox debate, Carson denounces limits on torture as an effort to impose “political correctness” on the military. In his announcement of candidacy in May, he promised never to be “politically correct,” and also claimed liberal disciples of the radical organizer Saul Alinsky were following his blueprint for psychological warfare by trying to stamp out dissent. And the pattern goes back to the event that clearly launched his political career, his speech at the 2013 National Prayer Breakfast, where, a few feet away from the president, he began an attack on the condition of the country under Obama's stewardship by warning listeners against the “trick” of “political correctness” being used to keep people from realizing the “fabric of this society is being changed.”
The more you listen to Carson talking about “political correctness,” the more it becomes obvious he's not attacking college speech codes or disputes over racial or ethnic or gender terms, but liberal elite mockery of right-wing conspiracy theories. When Wolf Blitzer of CNN challenged Carson's comparisons of Obama's America to Nazi Germany, the good doctor accused Blitzer of being part of the problem, along with the IRS and other instruments of liberal oppression:
[W]hat you were doing is allowing words to affect you more than listening to what was actually being said,” Carson insisted. “Nazi Germany experienced something horrible. The people in Nazi Germany largely did not believe in what Hitler was doing, but did they say anything? Of course not. They kept their mouths shut.”
“The fact that our government is using instruments of government like the IRS to punish its opponents, this is not the kind of thing, as far as I'm concerned, that is a Democrat or Republican issue. This is an American issue. This is an issue that threatens all of our liberty, all or our freedom.”
In this context, it becomes clear that Carson's occasional “gaffes” aren't really accidents, but what he believes: Obamacare is the worst thing since slavery; Obama might be planning to cancel elections; Democrats are opening the borders to bring in immigrants who will increase the welfare population and thus keep Democrats in power. Even though these are not unusual beliefs in the fever swamps of the far right, they are exotic for a major-party presidential candidate.
But here's the thing: Carson's distinguished life and his whole manner of presentation numbs the mind to his extremism—except to the initiated, who nod knowingly at every reference to Alinsky and “political correctness.” And there's something extra special about an African-American preemptively labeling suspected incidents of racism and sexism as mere political incorrectness, which he then defends as essential free speech! Let it rip!
So it's probably accurate to say that Dr. Ben Carson is a wingnut with an excellent bedside manner. It's unclear at this moment how many of his fans understand what he's saying and how many don't. But if he is indeed about to become a near or actual front-runner, people should watch and listen a bit more closely than before.
Ed Kilgore is the principal blogger for Washington Monthly's Political Animal blog, Managing Editor of The Democratic Strategist, and a Senior Fellow at theProgressive Policy Institute. Earlier he worked for three governors and a U.S. Senator. He can be followed on Twitter at @ed_kilgore.
This issue of The Flash features a team up with Deadman! And, who else would you want when fighting an otherworldly adversary like the Keystone Killer? We learn a lot about the history of the Gem Cites and the crime upon which it was founded…and get hints at even more secrets…in this excellent issue of the The Flash!
LIGHT SPOILERS ONLY
This issue begins with a battle for control…of Barry Allen himself! Once that first battle is through, Deadman and Barry go after the true story behind the legend of the Keystone Killer…and find out that the Keystone Killer could have a LOT more targets than anyone may have suspected. Meanwhile, Captain Frye pulls Patty Spivot off the review of the Nora Allen crime scene…and the reasons are close to being revealed. There is a truly shocking ending to this issue…one that obviously is leading us to an amazing conclusion next issue, Brian Buccellato's last before moving on to Detective Comics.
I'm glad to see Buccellato handling this last story arc, giving him the chance to establish one last critical piece of Flash lore before moving on. This really takes something that has been brewing in the background for some time and pushes it squarely into the limelight, in an excellently written storyline. Patrick Zircher's pencils/inks and Matt Hollingsworth's colors were superb, lending the right measure of horror to this dark tale. Folks, we're building up to something truly big here…don't miss out!
Share
Chris Daly's record is called Daly Affirmations.
Legit crate digging is not for the faint of heart. You'll spend hours upon hours pouring over poorly alphabetized bins, determining whether or not an autographed Kenny Loggins album is worth $4; when you arguably should be out playing in the sunshine to deal with that pale rider look you've been rocking lately. Fortunately, there are masters out there to take the bullet for you, doing tireless research and archival work in an effort to eventually come up with new sound collages for your ear holes. While it's going to be hard work to upset masters like Madlib, Paul White, and the Gaslamp Killer from their perches, Cohenbeats is making his own case for his carved bust to one day grace the Crate Digger's Mt. Rushmore with Daily Affirmations.
The Tel Aviv producer (and former housemate of the GLK) cooks up a funky stew here, predominantly mixing and sampling a variety of jazz, progressive rock, Brazillian jams, Asian percussion, hip-hop, and dialogue snippets. Not content to stop there, the young Michael Cohen enlists just enough stellar assistance to take things to the next level without ever overshadowing the instrumentals that are the heart of the album. While it's easy to imagine any number of rappers spitting over any of these beats, it's a testament to CB's skills that they also stand perfectly fine unaccompanied, thank you very much. To his everlasting credit, Cohnebeats seems to have an intrinsic ability to match his beats to an MC's style.
Quelle Chris shows up to drop syrupy flows on the titular “Daily Affirmations”—proving Stuart Smalley always was a hip-hop icon—while Oliver The 2nd & Jeremiah Jae trade verses over the gospel-like “Us vs. Them.” Denmark Vessey appears on the blunted “Money Fast,” before Cohen flips the script completely and rides into the sunset with Nanna B. on “Hold Your Hand,” a straight up old school, slow jam. Over the course of the 22 tracks here, the young maestro demonstrates an expansive set of tastes and skills. Bottom line, this kid is good enough, he's smart enough, and god damn it, people like him. Cop “Daily Affirmations” post haste and add yourself to the list.
Purchase Daily Affirmations
We rely on your support to keep POW alive. Please take a second to donate on Patreon!
Dangerous dogs in ACT could be euthanased before attacking under new laws passed in Canberra
Updated
ACT Government officials could decide to euthanase a dog before it attacks, under new laws passed in the Legislative Assembly.
The laws were tabled by the Opposition in October, just a week after Canberra woman Tania Klemke was mauled to death by her pet dog.
Under the changes, a dog must be euthanased if it kills or seriously injures a person, except in special circumstances.
But a dog could also be euthanased even if it has not attacked if the Government believes it poses an unacceptable risk to the public and cannot be rehabilitated.
City Services Minister Meegan Fitzharris said the change would allow officials to act before something happened.
"That's an important preventative measure, it's a strengthening of the existing legislation," she said.
"It's really important that we have measures in place … which aren't just about responding to an attack but preventing that attack from happening in the first place."
Other changes include a significant increase in the dangerous dog licence fee, to $750, and ownership bans for those considered "irresponsible" by the Government.
Carers or owners of an attacking dog will also be required to exchange details with a victim or face significant penalties.
Bill passed in honour of late MLA
In a relatively rare move, the Government decided to support an Opposition bill rather than offer up its own.
That comes in part because the bill was championed by Liberal MLA Steve Doszpot, who died last week after a battle with liver cancer.
"It was, I thought, a cooperative way to go about it, rather than have two competing pieces of legislation," Ms Fitzharris said.
"We hope in honour of Steve that we get a good result today."
The Government's support was tied to 55 pages worth of amendments, some of which drew ire from Liberal leader Alistair Coe.
Chief among his concerns was a belief the bill gave authorities too much discretion to return concerning dogs to owners.
"[We] are pleased that Steve Doszpot's bill is going to get up today," he said.
"It's not everything we want and it's not everything the community expects, but it is still progressed all the same."
Topics: dog, animal-attacks, local-government, canberra-2600, act, australia
First posted
Taking aim on the household clutter problem, you've resolved to work slowly and steadily, and you've carved out blocks of time to declutter.
Now what? And how?
Time to consider weigh in with specific methods and strategies for decluttering.
These tried-and-tested methods bring different strengths to the fight against clutter. Choose the one that's right for you and your family.
Forcing Decisions: The Four-Box Method
Clutter is evidence of many things: poor habits, lack of organization, sentimental attachment, too much stuff. But, at bottom, each item of clutter is a decision delayed.
The mail arrives, replete with circulars and junk mail and catalogs. "Oh, I'll go through that later!" whispers the clutter monster, deferring the simple decision to cull and toss the unwanted paper.
The Four-Box method forces a decision, item by item. To apply it, gather three boxes and a large trash can. Label the boxes, "Put Away", "Give Away/Sell" and "Storage." Items to be thrown away belong in the trash can.
Take the four boxes to the declutter area. One at a time, pick up each piece of clutter. Ask yourself, "Do I want to put this away in another place, donate it (or sell it at a yard sale), store it, or throw it away?" You may not release your grip on the item until you have made a decision.
At the end of the decluttering session, reserve 10 to 15 minutes to empty the boxes. Put Away items are put in more appropriate places. Give Away/Sell items should be stored outside the house, in a garage, or in the trunk of the car for drop-off at a charity donation center. As each Storage box fills, make a brief inventory of the contents and put the box into the storage area. Finally, empty the trash can quickly to prevent second thoughts!
The Four Box method will work for anyone, in any declutter mode. Use it to clear a shelf or drawer each day, or apply it as part of a whole-house weekend assault on clutter. By forcing a decision, it will serve you well as you cull clutter from the home.
Out of Sight, Out of Mind: Box and Banish
Box and Banish is an alternative to the Four Box method. Where the Four Box method nibbles away at clutter bit-by-bit, Box and Banish is a drastic, clear-it-out effort that transports clutter away from living areas, to be dealt with later.
Box and Banish is simple. Gather all clutter from counters, drawers, chairs, tables, floors, ovens, and bathtubs. Place the clutter into boxes or bags, and stack it somewhere outside the living area. Work until all surfaces are clear and clutter free.
Next step: open each box or bag of clutter, one at a time. As with the Four Box method, decide whether each item inside should be thrown away, put away, given away or sold, or stored. In extreme cases, declutterers have been known to throw away Box and Banish boxes, sight unseen!
Box and Banish has one big advantage and two big disadvantages as a declutter method.
On the plus side, Box and Banish creates instant results. Often, impending guests or other emergencies force a version of Box and Banish upon the cluttered household. Clearing clutter quickly sparks enthusiasm and motivation.
On the minus side, energies often flag before the Box and Banish declutterer reaches the end of the boxed clutter. The effort stalls, the clutter remains, aging gently in the bags and boxes as it becomes surrounded by new layers of clutter.
In a worst-case scenario, the need for some Boxed-and-Banished item can trigger formation of Mt. Cluttermore, as the frantic searcher upends each carefully boxed hillock of clutter, looking for the single missing item. Result: you're worse off than when you began!
The second disadvantage? While Box and Banish can create an instant absence of apparent clutter, the method does nothing to change the underlying problem. More gradual decluttering methods go hand-in-hand with other components of getting organized: building new habits, organizing stored items, creating new household routines. Box and Banish, for many, is a mere cosmetic quick-fix--and it won't lead to the permanent changes you need to banish clutter for good.
Still, if you're fiercely motivated and determined to complete the declutter process, Box and Banish is an option that jumpstarts organization efforts with fast results.
Ellen's Penicillin Method
Often, decluttering efforts chase their tails in an endless loop. The home manager declutters the small table in the hallway and moves on. By the following week, a whole new species of clutter has returned to the cleared area.
The Penicillin method, devised by online declutterer Ellen in MN, uses a Petri dish metaphor to get a grip on clutter. Imagine a Petri dish full of fuzzy brown mold spores. A researcher begins to apply small drops of penicillin to the dish. Each little drop clears a small circular area; soon, drop upon drop, the entire dish is cleared of the distasteful intruder.
So, too, with the Penicillin method of decluttering. Today, the declutterer clears the kitchen table. From this point, no matter how bad the clutter becomes elsewhere, the kitchen table is inoculated with Penicillin. Daily clutter checks make sure no clutter is permitted to return.
Next declutter session, the declutterer attacks the top of the buffet. Thinking "Penicillin!", that clear space joins the kitchen table. Soon, the cleared areas link up, banishing clutter from the entire house.
By devoting declutter energies to retaining the Penicillin effect of each declutter session, the Penicillin method focuses the declutterer on prevention. The method is useful, creative, and works well to bring an entire house under control.
Closet-Go-Round: Whole House Declutter
Sometimes, you simply have to re-invent the wheel. Perhaps you realize, three years into a new house, that household storage needs a complete overhaul. Remodeling, a child's departure for college, or birth of a new baby can all signal a need for a whole-house declutter.
Call it the Closet-Go-Round. It's a two-part process of identifying and assigning storage, while at the same time decluttering and revamping existing areas in the home.
Like a merry-go-round, the Closet-Go-Round turns out, sorts out and relocates all the storage functions of the home. In the initial stage, you'll identify storage needs and match them to available storage areas, regardless of what's being stored where at the moment.
Once you know what should go where, the active phase begins. You will need boxes, lots of them, and time--quite a bit of time. Starting at the front door, move from room to room placing boxes in front of each storage area: cabinets, drawers, closets, and shelves.
Then begin at the beginning once more. Start, for example, at the table in the hall. Remove any and all items from the table that are not assigned there: gloves, mail, keys, change, handbags. Place them in your box.
When the table is empty, except for the vase of flowers that belongs there, circle the house with your catch. Gloves are placed in the box before the coat closet where they are supposed to live. Mail is dumped into the box in front of the desk area. Handbags and change are delivered to the owner's launch pad area. Items to be thrown away are delivered to the garbage can.
When the box is empty, move on to the next storage area in the hall: the coat closet. Empty the coat closet of all unassigned items, while adding the gloves to their assigned area. Again, circle the house with your coat closet box, delivering items to the new storage area where each belongs.
As you work, you're sorting and decluttering in two directions. You're removing clutter and improperly-stored items, while collecting and replacing the things which belong in any given area.
A Closet-Go-Round is a big undertaking, and it doesn't work well if performed in fits and starts. Choose this method if you have a block of two or three days to devote to a major declutter. While you'll work hard during that time, a Closet-Go-Round can take giant strides toward a more efficient, easy-to-manage home.
As I've written in my book Confessions of an Online Hustler, the best way to protect yourself from hackers, stalkers and other freaks online is to not be an idiot. Don't provoke people needlessly, don't be excessively belligerent, and don't do anything to them that you wouldn't want done to you. Not being a dumbass will save you in 95 percent of cases.
This is for the remaining five percent.
A year ago, when I wrote an article poking fun at Portland's horrific dating scene and cliquish culture, some white knight got hacked off enough to try and hack my site. He didn't succeed, of course, but the script kiddie managed to wreak enough havoc to knock my site offline for a few hours. He was using a brute force program (a hacking program that uses a dictionary to guess computer passwords) to try and gain access to my site. While I had a plugin to block access to anyone who entered a wrong password more than four times in a row, the guy was assaulting me from so many different IP addresses that my server couldn't handle the load.
Then this happened.
I was sick of playing phone tag with script kiddies, so I revamped my site's security protocols by installing Better WP Security. It has every option you need to secure your site against hackers. The only problem is that the number of options it throws at you is a bit dizzying, so here's my advice for configuring the plugin:
Enforce strong passwords for all users. To create a strong password, use a random password generator. The ideal password has at least six characters and is a random assortment of letters (upper and lowercase), numbers and symbols. Turn on all Header Tweaks. Note that selecting the option “EditURI Header” may cause compatibility issues with some plugins. Disable update warnings for non-administrative users. Remove the “admin” user. If I recall correctly, newer installations of WordPress do this anyway. Remove the user with “id 1.” Change your mySQL table prefix to something random. Schedule a weekly backup of your mySQL database. Also make sure to have this backup sent to your email address so you can restore the site in the event of an emergency. Use HackRepair.com's blacklist to block bad agents and hosts. Enable lockouts on your login page to protect against brute force attacks. Secure your .htaccess file from public access. Note that you shouldn't remove write permissions from .htaccess (or wp-config.php), as doing so can mess your site up. Block users who are trying to scan your site for vulnerabilities. Block long URLs. Disable the theme and plugin editors from the WordPress backend. Note that this feature isn't compatible with custom, paid themes (such as the ones from DIYThemes or Elegant Themes). Allow Better WP Security to write to wp-config.php and .htaccess. I think this is turned on by default, but it never hurts to double-check. Hide version information from non-admin users.
The other options can be tinkered with at your discretion:
I'm somewhat conflicted on Away Mode, which shuts down the admin panel for a select period each day. I use it during the overnight hours when I'm asleep to both protect the site and motivate me to finish my work instead of staying up late farting around on the computer. If you're running a group blog with contributors in different time zones, however, this feature won't work for you.
Hiding the admin panel doesn't seem to work with my existing servers, and will also require you to update all your bookmarks if you do enable it.
File Change Detection has the potential to really fuck your site up if your servers can't handle it. The first time I switched it on, my site instantly got smacked with a 500 error, forcing me to manually remove Better WP Security via FTP to get everything working again. 404 Detection is safe to turn on, but make sure you add your site's IP address(es) to the whitelist, otherwise you'll get 403 errors.
Do not rename the wp-content directory unless you're starting a new blog from scratch. Otherwise, all existing links on your site will be broken.
Requiring a secure connection for logins and the admin panel requires your server to be able to support SSL, otherwise it won't work.
If you're looking to put your shit on lockdown and prevent script kiddies from making a mess of your site, you need to install Better WP Security. While it's not bulletproof—no security solution is—it's the best you can get.
Read Next: Are Your Plugins Screwing with Your WordPress Installation?
Share this: Print
Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Twitter
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Skype
Telegram
WhatsApp
At London's MCM Expo I was able to sit down with Marvel and DC Comics artist John McCrea.
Honestly, in my wildest dreams I didn't think this would happen. When I rocked up to London MCM Expo all the way back in October I expected to discuss the British Comic Book Industry Spotlight with a lot of independent artists, writers and editors but I doubted any creators working for Marvel or DC Comics would have the time. That's not to belittle either type of creator, it's just as a rule of thumb that the independent creators have a little more time for projects like this. I have tried to give every perspective I can on the British Comic Book Industry over the last few weeks but here's a new one, how does someone in the mainstream feel about the industry? I was with this question that I approached artist John McCrea, famed for working on just about every character in the industry including Batman to Hulk to Star Wars.
PL: One of the things the British Comic Book Spotlight looks at is the life of the artist, what advice would you give to someone who wants to break into the comic book industry?
JM: From the very beginning, just draw all the time. Just draw all the time, but draw comics. A lot of people come to me with portfolios and it's pin-ups. You need to draw comics, you need to show you can draw sequential art. If you want to be a comic artist, don't just work from your own scripts, work from scripts that are prewritten. Download stuff from the internet. Buy a comic, don't read it, get somebody to write out the story for you and draw it up from their script. I've always found that was a good way to work because you can then compare your work to an established artist and see where your shortcomings are. If you write your own stuff, you will write what you want to draw and not what you have to draw. You end up having to draw a lot of stuff in comics that you never expected you were going to have to draw and it pushes you. So you have to push yourself from the very beginning, even when you are trying to break in. Also, just show your work, go to conventions and get your work under the noses of editors, have a webpage, have deviant art, have all the social media you can. Because everybody else is doing it so you have to do it too. If you can get stuff sent to editors do. A small piece of advice, if you are sending something to Marvel don't send DC Comics stuff to Marvel and vice versa cause that really hacks them off.
PL: How did you break into the Industry?
JM: When I was trying to break in I looked at it seriously and considered what I would have to produce every month. For most artists, that is a monthly book, which is twenty or so pages of art. So I said, every week I am going to draw four to five pages of comic. The first week I did Judge Dredd then I sent it to Titan and 2,000AD. The second week I did Spider-Man stuff and sent it to Marvel. The third week, Batman to DC Comics and the fourth week I did American independent stuff, where I drew something published and sent it to them. With each month I repeated the process and I did that for four years. I figured, that's what I am going to be doing so I might as well get used to it. The thing is, it has really prepared me for the workload that has come with drawing monthly books. There's a lot of discipline in comics because most people work from home and so you have got to be able to work from home and not be distracted from producing the work that's required. It's so easy with the myriad of distractions around now. Discipline and practice are the most important things for any artist looking to start out. You will eventually get asked to draw the Human Torch juggling dogs on a bicycle and you need to be prepared.
PL: Would you say that it is important for a creator to be business-minded in the industry now?
JM: Oh God yes! Absolutely. You are a freelancer so half of your business is business as well. Unfortunately, you can't just be great at drawing comics without any idea of how to look after yourself and your interests. One, almost essential, a bit of advice on that is when you get paid have two bank accounts. One account for tax and bills and another for spending, then when the money comes in put the twenty five percent for tax and all your bill money in the bill account. Many creators I know have gone bankrupt because they have spent all their money and forgotten about their bills or taxes. It sucks, but it's the way it is.
PL: You have worked on a lot of superhero related projects, do you think there is a growing gap in the market for new genres of comic books?
JM: This what is happening right now. Image have come along and changed the entire playing field. I'm working on my own Image book at the moment actually, and while it is about big concept crazy stuff it's not about superheroes. The readership for comics has changed. There is now a much greater percentage of female readers than ever before, and most of them don't really want to read about men in tights. So with the Walking Dead and Saga there the medium is expanding away from superheroes more and more. I think it's a great time for other genres to come to the foreground. Image are my go-to company, pretty much every book I buy is an Image book now. I think it's because there are a lot of good quality writers and artist doing books that they really care about.
PL: One of my favourite Image comics is Matt Fraction's Sex Criminals run, which I think takes note of the female readership more as there are a lot of different women in the book with varying body types. How do you feel that the growing female readership is reflected in the art of industry now and your own art work?
JM: They are putting real women in comics, crazy but there you go. I work with Garth Ennis most of the time, Garth doesn't really write women characters. He tends to write around world war two and lot about male rites of passage, all that John Woo stuff. When it does come up however, I do try to give women at least a passing resemblance to reality. I don't want to make them look all silicon.
PL: Finally, is there anything that you are currently working on that you would like to tell our readers about?
JM: I've got few books coming out across winter, I've got Section Eight Issue Five and Six published by DC Comics and written by Garth Ennis. Then I've got Mythic Issue Five coming out which is published by Image and written by Phil Hester. That's my creator owned book and it's the book I am the most proud of.
How can you get involved?
If you are interested in looking at the work of a British artist in the mainstream industry it is certainly worth checking out both ‘Mythic' from Image and ‘Section Eight' from DC Comics as they are both great examples of how the mainstream is changing to reflect the independent market.
You can also follow John McCrea on his website at: http://www.johnmccrea.com/ and on Twitter at: @mccreaman.
If you want to locate your nearest convention try: http://www.mcmcomiccon.com and check out my article on London's MCM Expo here.
Photography by William Shacklady
Elon Musk's plans for the coming decade are nothing short of ambitious. Among other things, Tesla‘s CEO has promised to dramatically increase car production, launch several completely new cars, and conquer self-driving vehicles by 2020. Here's a closer look at what exactly Musk has promised Tesla will accomplish during the next few years. Complete its giant Gigafactory. Musk's giant battery factory in Nevada is key to Tesla's future because it is expected to help the company cut the cost of its batteries by as much as 30%.
The Gigafactory, about 5.5 million square feet, would help the company dramatically cut the cost of its batteries once it's fully operational in 2018 by “using economies of scale, innovative manufacturing, reduction of waste, and the simple optimization of locating most manufacturing process under one roof.” In fact, Tesla has said it will create more battery cells at the Gigafactory than all of the lithium-ion battery makers combined did in 2013. Bring the Model 3 into production. The batteries created at the Gigafactory would enable Tesla to produce its first mass-market car, the Model 3. It will be about $35,000 and have a range of more than 200 miles per charge.
Tesla started production of the Model 3 earlier this month and planned to begin deliveries at a company event on Friday, July 28. Launch a compact SUV, dubbed the Model Y, by the end of 2019 or early 2020. In July 2016, Musk confirmed Tesla planned to bring to market a new compact SUV, dubbed the Model Y. But a timeline for the vehicle wasn't disclosed until May, when Musk said during the company's first-quarter earnings call that it would arrive by late 2019 or 2020. He also said the vehicle would be built on a platform separate from the Model 3. Reveal an electric semitruck in September… Musk announced in August that the company was working on a Tesla semitruck, in his “Master Plan, Part Deux.”
In June, though, Musk said Tesla was working with major trucking companies to design the company's first all-electric semitruck. “We are showing off a working prototype at the end of September, but we have shown it to people who buy heavy-duty trucking, and they all love it,” Musk said during Tesla's annual shareholder meeting. “They just want to know how many can they buy and how soon.” While we will most likely get a look at the electric semi in a few months, it's still not clear when the truck would be available. …and an electric pickup truck before the close of 2019. Musk also said in his “Master Plan, Part Deux” that Tesla would build an electric pickup truck for consumers.
Musk said in April that Tesla would reveal its semitruck in September and its consumer pickup truck in 18 months to two years, meaning sometime between October 2018 and April 2019. Increase the range of Tesla cars to 1,000 kilometers per charge. Tesla's cars already boast the best range on the market, but Musk has said he aims to dramatically increase how far Tesla's cars travel on a single charge. “The record right now for the Model S is 800 kilometers (497 miles). That is the furthest that anyone has driven a Model S,” Musk told the Danish news site Borsen in September 2015. “My guess is probably we could break 1,000 kilometers (621 miles) within a year or two. I'd say 2017 for sure.” Musk added that by 2020 Tesla could most likely make its cars go as far as 745 miles per charge.
While the record for hypermiling in a Tesla is about 560 miles, the official range for Tesla's Model S P100D is about 315 miles per charge, according to ratings by the Environmental Protection Agency. Make its cars fully autonomous. Another bold promise Musk has made for Tesla is that its cars will be autonomous before 2020. Tesla began rolling out its new Enhanced Autopilot hardware in October. Musk said at the time that the hardware would enable full autonomy once the software was ready. However, Musk has said it's unlikely regulators will have laws in place by the time Tesla's autonomous cars are ready, so drivers may have to wait a little longer before getting to go hands-free.
While the company plans to do a demo drive in a Tesla in self-driving mode from Los Angeles to New York City by the end of this year, Musk said during a TED Talk in April that it would most likely be 2019 before a driver could take a nap behind the wheel of a Tesla. Produce 500,000 cars per year by 2018. Tesla made a little more than 50,000 vehicles in 2015, but Musk said in May 2016 that his company planned to produce no fewer than 500,000 by 2018. To help put this in perspective, Tesla delivered a little more than 76,000 vehicles in 2016. Tesla has acknowledged this is an aggressive target, but it's not shying away from the challenge.
“Increasing production fivefold over the next two years will be challenging and will likely require some additional capital, but this is our goal, and we will be working hard to achieve it,” the company said in its 2016 letter to investors. Produce 1 million cars by 2020. As if producing half a million cars by 2018 were not enough, Musk wants to kick it up a notch and make 1 million cars a year by 2020. Why? Demand for the Model 3 was greater than expected, forcing Tesla to reassess its goals. The company had about 325,000 reservations for the Model 3 during the first week of taking deposits. While it's no doubt an ambitious plan, Musk has said he is confident Tesla can achieve such aggressive growth.
Double the number of Superchargers by 2018. With more Tesla vehicles on the road, Musk is also aiming to build out Tesla's charging infrastructure. During the Model 3 unveiling in March 2016, Musk said the company planned to expand its Supercharging network. Superchargers are stations that can charge a Tesla enough almost 200 miles of range in just 30 minutes. Musk said during the Model 3 event that Tesla would double the number of its Superchargers worldwide, from 3,600 to more than 7,000, by 2018. However, in April, Tesla said that by the end of this year it aimed to have 10,000 Superchargers worldwide, meaning the company is most likely ahead of schedule.
As of July, Tesla had increased the number of Superchargers to just over 6,000. Turn Tesla into an energy company. Musk doesn't just want Tesla to make electric cars — he also wants the company to produce the energy that powers the cars. In November, Tesla acquired SolarCity, a solar-power company founded by Musk's cousin, Lyndon Rive. Musk has made clear that his long-term vision for Tesla is a full-service sustainable-energy company.
“The opportunity here is to have a highly innovative sustainable-energy company that answers the whole energy question from power generation and storage to transport,” Musk told reporters during a call shortly after the announcement in June 2016. “We are a sustainable-energy company,” he added. “This is, broadly speaking, right in line with that. In order to solve the sustainable-energy problem you need generation, storage, and electric cars.” In October, right before shareholders voted on the SolarCity acquisition, Musk revealed the Tesla Solar Roof. It's composed of solar shingles and is Tesla's energy-generation solution. The company began taking orders in May for its Solar Roof, which costs about $21.85 per square foot.
The company is expected to disclose details about its Tesla Network, a mobility service, sometime this year. In July 2016, Musk said in his “Master Plan, Part Deux” that Tesla planned to roll out a mobility service. At the time, Musk said that once Tesla vehicles were fully autonomous, the company would set up a program for owners to make money off their car by letting other people use it. “You will also be able to add your car to the Tesla shared fleet just by tapping a button on the Tesla phone app and have it generate income for you while you're at work or on vacation, significantly offsetting and, at times, potentially exceeding the monthly loan or lease cost,” he said. In October, the company said Tesla owners who wanted to make money from ride-hailing or ride-sharing could do so only on its ride-hailing network and that it would disclose more details about it this year.
Fedlet development is currently DORMANT
PLEASE NOTE: At present (October 2016), I do not have any time to work on Fedlet. Through the magic of Google, this looks like a current effort to get Linux (Ubuntu) running on Baytrail / Cherrytrail devices; you might want to try that.
EDIT FEB 2017: I still don't have time for Fedlet, sorry. However, Nemanja Milosevic is doing stuff, and he links to this page, of another person who is…doing stuff. Hope this helps you.
Fedlet
Can you run Linux on a tablet? Sure you can!
Here's video proof.
This is Fedlet, a Fedora remix for Intel Bay Trail-based tablet devices with 32-bit firmwares. Particularly the Dell Venue 8 Pro, which is what I have. It has been reported to work on the Lenovo Miix 2 and Asus T100. It may work on the Toshiba Encore and any other 32-bit firmware Bay Trail-based tablet.
It's based on Fedora 23, more or less – but it has a slightly patched kernel, and a few other tweaks. Some of the Bay Trail support is not yet complete, and testers on various devices have reported instability. So this is not yet stable release quality, but it's appropriate for playing around with these devices. Seriously, I mean it's pretty experimental and nothing is guaranteed. This is for playing around and helping to make things better, it's not a production OS. Please don't install this if for some reason your Intel tablet is your primary work device or something.
Releases
20150810
Eleventh release of Fedlet.
Fedlet 20150810 for all 32-bit Baytrail hardware – SHA256SUM: 7b2b6a45df4738865481b9af17536f2f011b6c24a3c29fb9d6644dd21da2e545
Fedora 23 Alpha-ish userland Kernel 4.2rc6 Seems to be a bug where no OSK appears for Firefox; try installing Epiphany
20141209
Tenth release of Fedlet.
Fedora 20141209 for all 32-bit Baytrail hardware – SHA256SUM: c1fcf78e883d28345074bb48c814732a2dced2c79f54ee007c769e31a4fd134b
Fedora 21(ish) userland – with 0-day updates Kernel 3.18.0, with Fedlet patches
20141124
Ninth release of Fedlet.
Fedlet 20141124 for all 32-bit Baytrail hardware – SHA256SUM: c64b859d5ec08dd1c6e15eb8e0553d1b775475e22c852062166a9ae63bfeac6a
~Fedora 21 Final TC4 userland Kernel 3.18rc6 NVRAM map for Broadcom brcmfmac43241b4 (thanks “Brainwreck” of the Ubuntu T100 project) which may make wifi work OOTB on Asus T100 Accelerometer-based rotation support for Venue 8 Pro (i.e. display rotates when you rotate the tablet) Backlight level control on Venue 8 Pro when booted with i915.force_backlight_pmic=1
20141111
Eighth release of Fedlet.
Fedlet 20141111 for all 32-bit Baytrail hardware – SHA256SUM: 3a4078db12b1ed17d9c330ef9c16d2690299212ec6f58867d64f2589a6afc088
~Fedora 21 Final TC1 userland Kernel 3.18rc4 Patch from Jan-Michael Brummer to make Venue 8 Pro wifi work Has generic-release-cloud not generic-release-workstation , sorry, I'll fix it for the next release
20140929
Seventh release of Fedlet, aka the “God, I'm still doing this?” release
Fedlet 20140929 for all 32-bit Baytrail hardware – SHA256SUM: aa2f1150e40965471fc2888db6aad7da52d98f36ce1224b630ba5ed99b28fd5e
Current Fedora 21 userland, ~F21 Alpha Kernel 3.17rc6 efibootmgr is back, so install might work (not tested) Patch from Jan-Michael Brummer for ‘Home' button on V8P to act as ‘Super' (start) key Patch from Jan-Michael Brummer for mic input (not tested yet)
20140911
Sixth release of Fedlet
Fedlet 20140911 for all 32-bit Baytrail hardware – SHA256SUM: d76574e38d5afab1cb84ac95dde3945376c76518d2610c8afdaa84305ba3f43e
Updated to current Fedora 21 userland, ~= Fedora 21 Alpha TC7 Based on Workstation kickstart Updated to 3.16 kernel with small Baytrail patch set, native modesetting should now work, no more hard-coded resolution hacks needed Sound driver and firmware included (but you still need to load a correct ALSA config to hear sound) Partial support for Venue 8 Pro built-in wireless (firmware included) Hardware button support for Venue 8 Pro Battery status support Install broken (missing efibootmgr)
20140310
Fifth release of Fedlet
Fedlet 20140310 for 8″, 800×1280 tablets
Updated base packages and kernel Xorg hack to allow windows with integrated title bars to be dragged in GNOME (from Jan-Michael Brummer)
20140226
Fourth release of Fedlet
Latest Fedora Rawhide base Kernel update: based on latest Rawhide, sound (and LPSS) support built in (but not working until you provide fw_sst_0f28.bin* in /usr/lib/firmware/intel and apply this mixer config), shutdown/reboot should work on Venue 8 Pro, T100 and Miix 2 GNOME Terminal added to the Dash for convenience Updated the patched anaconda to the latest Rawhide LibreOffice dropped to save space (I doubt anyone wants to use it on a tablet much…)
20140221
Third release of Fedlet
Fix kernel performance regression Touch input rotation seems to work automagically now, so drop it from v8p-rotate (it's now just a simple xrandr wrapper) Add a 10in (T100) build (untested)
20140220
Second release of Fedlet
Repository configuration added (package: fedlet-repo) Useless custom build of xorg-x11-drv-intel dropped Kernel up to 3.14rc3 with some patches upstreamed, display hotplug reversion patch dropped and video= parameter adjusted to allow display to work with the hotplug reversion patch dropped anaconda bumped to the latest version (with fedlet patch applied)
20140207
First release of Fedlet
Working
Boot X GNOME 2D, 3D and video playback acceleration Touchscreen CPU frequency scaling (pstates) USB (you can use a USB wifi adapter) Power monitoring (battery status) Sound (with ALSA config file) Wifi (on Venue 8 Pro at least, possibly also Asus T100) Hardware buttons (on Venue 8 Pro) Backlight control (on Venue 8 Pro, when booted with i915.force_backlight_pmic=1 ) Installation and boot of installed system (if you're very brave)
Partly working
KMS (hence accelerated video) on Venue 8 Pro seems to have quirks related to boot process, see notes below Suspend (kinda works since kernel 3.16 or so, but screen backlight may stay on, and various things may not survive the resume, e.g. touchscreen or rotation)
Not working
Venue 8 Pro onboard Bluetooth Icon for rotation app is invisible with recent GNOME Most likely lots of other things
Unknown (please let me know!)
Hardware support (wireless, bluetooth etc) on devices other than Venue 8 Pro
Usage
Not for 64-bit firmwares
64-bit firmware Bay Trail devices are showing up now: I wouldn't recommend using Fedlet on those, probably, as most of the point of Fedlet is to be a 32-bit UEFI image for the 32-bit firmware Bay Trail devices. If you have a 64-bit firmware Bay Trail device, I'd probably suggest installing Fedora 21 Beta (or a Final TC/RC) then updating to a 3.18 kernel from the rawhide-kernel-nodebug repository. I could do a 64-bit build of the Fedlet kernel and the few other divergent packages, I guess.
Writing the image to USB
You can follow the standard Fedora USB writing instructions – both livecd-iso-to-disk --format --reset-mbr --efi and dd like methods should work. Do not use Rufus, unetbootin or any other ‘smart' third party USB stick writer. They rarely work correctly, especially for UEFI booting. Tools that work like dd (several are mentioned on the page linked above) are fine.
Booting from USB on Venue 8 Pro
To boot from USB on the Venue 8 Pro, turn it off, connect the USB stick, then hold down the volume up button immediately after pressing the power button, until you see the Dell logo. This should take you into a boot menu from which you can pick your USB stick. You can also hold volume down to get into the firmware UI, where you can go to the Boot tab and move the USB stick up to the top position in the boot order (see note above about how different boot paths impact graphics).
Notes and tips
Native graphics on Venue 8 Pro
It seems to vary between devices, but I have found that graphics don't work properly on the Venue 8 Pro (screen goes black when KMS kicks in) if you boot normally or through the firmware UI (hold volume down on boot). KMS always works if you boot through the boot device menu (hold volume up on boot). If you have a V8P and you're getting the black-screen-on-boot problem, try different boot paths.
Sound
On most hardware, you should be able to make sound work with this ALSA state file. Download it and run alsactl -f /path/to/t100_B.state restore .
Connecting USB devices
If you don't know this already you probably shouldn't be playing with Fedlet, but in order to connect any USB devices, you need something called a “USB OTG cable”, which basically turns the micro-USB port on the tablet into a ‘regular' USB port you can plug keyboards and USB sticks and things into. Available at any decent parts retailer for about $5, or any big box electronics store for about $25. Your choice.
If wifi isn't working on your device, you can plug in a wireless USB adapter if you have a USB OTG adapter. I'm using an Asus USB-N10, it should work out of the box.
For ease of testing it's probably a good idea to have a USB hub you can plug a wireless adapter (if needed), USB stick(s) and keyboard into.
Firefox extensions
The grab-and-drag and Go-Mobile extensions for Firefox are probably useful things to have.
Video playback acceleration
If you are legally allowed to – I can't tell you whether you are or not, I am not a lawyer – you can install the libva-intel-driver package from RPM Fusion's free repository. This will enable hardware-accelerated video playback in any app which speaks libva (for me, it fails on quite a few videos, have to dig into that).
Installation
If you're very, very bold, you should be able to install Fedlet. On the Venue 8 Pro, the internal storage has a fairly big NTFS partition with Windows on it, and a bunch of smaller partitions. I'd recommend just destroying the big Windows partition and installing into that space: the other partitions are system and recovery partitions, if you leave them intact, it should be possible to recover the Windows installation later if you want to (I have not tested this).
If you do install this, get kernel updates from [my repository][19], and don't install official kernel updates from the Fedora repos. We're trying to get all the patches merged ASAP. I'll try and remember to put updated kernel builds in my repo regularly. Stock kernels will now boot, at least, but (as of 3.16) shutdown/reboot may not work, battery status won't work, and Venue 8 Pro wifi won't work.
On the Venue 8 Pro at least, the firmware has an irritating habit of putting the Windows boot loader back at the top of the UEFI boot manager list if you attach or remove USB sticks (or sometimes, just for giggles). If you boot it with this setup it'll go into Windows auto-recovery. I haven't been brave enough to see what this does yet, I just force power off and go back into the firmware and put Fedlet (“Generic”) back at the top of the list.
What's in it that's different from Fedora?
The ‘sources' for the outside-of-Fedora stuff that's included in the image can be found in this github repository. There are:
Some kernel patches in the kernel/ directory which are applied to the kernel package in the image
Some Xorg config snippets and a trivial utility for rotating the screen on the Venue 8 Pro, in the xorg/ directory
The kickstart used to build the image, and a patch to python-imgcreate for building UEFI bootable 32-bit live images, in the ks/ directory
The patch that (hopefully) makes installation work smoothly in the anaconda/ directory
The necessary firmware for the Venue 8 Pros wifi adapter in the baytrail-firmware/ directory
The repository definition for the fedlet repo in the fedlet-repo/ directory
A (hopefully) working ALSA configuration file in the alsa/ directory
The packages that differ from pure Fedora Rawhide are all available from [this repository][19]. There is:
A patched anaconda which should allow installation to work cleanly
The kernel package patched with the patches from the git repository
The fedlet-repo package containing the repository definition
A package of the v8p-rotate utility
The baytrail-firmware package, currently containing only Venue 8 Pro wireless firmware (license proprietary-but-freely-redistributable)
A backport of Rawhide's linux-firmware package, which contains the firmware needed for the sound adapter
All the variant packages have the dist tag ‘awb' to make them easily distinguishable from official Fedora packages (except the linux-firmware package, which is just a backport).
The image should be roughly reproducible by just building a live image, using the kickstart, from a running Fedora 21 system, after applying the patch to python-imgcreate's /usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/imgcreate/live.py .
I cannot take any of the credit for the hard work on this: all I've done is write silly little scripts and stick the bits together. Multiple folks at Intel, Red Hat and elsewhere have done the tough work. An especial big thanks to Alan Coxm Aubrey Li, and Mika Westerberg at Intel, Jan-Michael Brummer at IAV (formerly of Intel), and Kalle Valo at Qualcomm (for the V8P wifi) who are really pushing the thing along.
From Seattle City Light
Five weeks of Denny Substation construction expected to cause significant traffic delays
SEATTLE – Seattle City Light is advising drivers and commuters to prepare for five weeks of lane closures on Denny Way between Stewart St. and Minor Ave N, beginning Friday, Oct. 14. Crews will be installing underground utilities for the Denny Substation.
From Friday, Oct. 14, at 11 p.m., to Monday, Oct. 17, at 5 a.m., all lanes on Denny Way will be closed while crews restripe the roadway. After 5 a.m. on Monday, Oct. 17, Denny Way between Stewart St. and Minor Ave N will be reduced to one lane in each direction 24 hours per day, 7 days a week, for five weeks. On the weekend ofNov. 19 and 20, crews will close all lanes of Denny Way once again in order to restore the roadway to its normal configuration. All lanes on Denny Way will reopen on Monday, Nov. 21.
During the lane closures, travelers on Denny Way and Stewart St. should expect significant delays and are encouraged to use alternate routes. King County Metro Bus 8 will be directly impacted by the closures — the westbound Denny Way and Stewart Street bus stop will be temporarily closed. The eastbound bus stop will remain open, but riders should expect delays.
Seattle City Light is working with the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT) and transit providers to inform travelers about the closures and to discourage the use of the Stewart Street exit from southbound I-5. Access to southbound I-5 from Yale Avenue will be maintained, but drivers should expect delays. Uniformed police officers will be on site to help direct traffic around the work zone.
Project Background: As part of the Denny Substation Program, Seattle City Light is building a new substation (Denny Substation) and underground electrical distribution network (Denny Network) and designing a transmission line (Denny-Massachusetts Transmission Line) that will ensure more reliable power delivery to customers in and beyond the South Lake Union and Denny Triangle neighborhoods. The new substation, located on Denny Way near Stewart St, will be City Light's first and largest substation in 30 years. The Denny Substation Program will increase system-wide reliability and operational flexibility, achieving a major electrical system upgrade for the city of Seattle. For more information, visit the project website at: http://www.seattle.gov/light/dennysub/
“When you are at 10C, with no brain activity, no heartbeat, no blood – everyone would agree that you're dead,” says Peter Rhee at the University of Arizona, Tucson. “But we can still bring you back.”
Rhee isn't exaggerating. With Samuel Tisherman, at the University of Maryland, College Park, he has shown that it's possible to keep bodies in ‘suspended animation' for hours at a time. The procedure, so far tested on animals, is about as radical as any medical procedure comes: it involves draining the body of its blood and cooling it more than 20C below normal body temperature.
Once the injury is fixed, blood is pumped once again through the veins, and the body is slowly warmed back up. “As the blood is pumped in, the body turns pink right away,” says Rhee. At a certain temperature, the heart flickers into life of its own accord. “It's quite curious, at 30C the heart will beat once, as if out of nowhere, then again – then as it gets even warmer it picks up all by itself.” Astonishingly, the animals in their experiments show very few ill-effects once they've woken up. “They'd be groggy for a little bit but back to normal the day after,” says Tisherman.
Tisherman created headlines around the world earlier this year, when he announced that they were ready to begin human trials of the technique on gunshot victims in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The first patients will have been so badly wounded that their hearts have stopped beating, meaning that this is their last hope. “Cheating death with ‘suspended animation'” is how CNN put it; “Killing a patient to save his life” was the New York Times' take.
Hyped up
The news coverage has sometimes offended Tisherman's cautious sensibility. During our conversation, he comes across as a thoughtful, measured man, who is careful not to oversell his research. He is particularly wary of using the term ‘suspended animation'. “My concern isn't that it's inaccurate – it's that when people think of the term, they think about space travellers being frozen and woken up on Jupiter, or Han Solo in Star Wars,” he says. “That doesn't help, because it's important for the public to know it's not science fiction – it's based on experimental work and is being studied in a disciplined manner, before we use it to stop people dying.” Rhee, who came to global attention after treating congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords after a shooting in 2011, tends to be bolder: he says he wouldn't rule out longer-term suspended animation, in the distant future. “What we're doing is beginning part of that experiment.”
Tisherman's quest to bring people back from the brink of death began at medical school, where he studied under Peter Safar. It is an inspiring dynasty: in the 1960s Safar had pioneered cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), the now familiar procedure of applying pressure to the chest cavity to try to massage the heart back to life.
Safar's work began to change our perceptions of death – blurring the point that is meant to mark the end of our lives. “We've all been brought up to think death is an absolute moment – when you die you can't come back,” says Sam Parnia, at the State University of New York in Stony Brook. “It used to be correct, but now with the basic discovery of CPR we've come to understand that the cells inside your body don't become irreversibly ‘dead' for hours after you've ‘died'… Even after you've become a cadaver, you're still retrievable.”
Blurred line
Tisherman now thinks of death as the (admittedly subjective) point at which doctors give up resuscitation as a lost cause – but even then, some people can still make a remarkable comeback. Last December, a paper in the journal Resuscitation caused a stir by suggesting that 50% of surveyed emergency doctors have witnessed ‘Lazarus phenomena', in which a patient's heart has begun beating again by itself, after doctors had given up hope.
Kick-starting the heart is only one half of the doctor's battle, however; the lack of oxygen after a cardiac arrest can cause serious damage to the body's vital organs, particularly the brain. “Every minute that there's no oxygen to those organs, they start dying,” says Tisherman. His former mentor, Safar, came up with a solution to this problem too, with ‘therapeutic hypothermia', a procedure that involves cooling the body, typically to around 33C by placing ice packs around the body, for instance. At lower temperatures, cells begin to work in slow motion, reducing their metabolism and the damage that could be caused by oxygen starvation.
Combined with machines that can take over circulation and pump oxygen into the blood stream while the heart is being revived, this has helped open the window between cardiac arrest and brain death. One hospital in Texas recently reported that an 40-year-old man had survived, with his mind intact, after three-and-a-half hours of CPR. His treatment involved a constant rotation of medical students, nurses and doctors taking it in turns to perform the chest compressions. “Anybody in the room who had two arms was asked to jump in,” says one of the attending doctors, Scott Taylor Bassett. Such cases are rare, however: Bassett, points out that they were only motivated to continue because the patient regained consciousness during the CPR, despite the fact that his heart was still not functioning. “During the chest compressions he would speak to us, showing he was neurologically intact,” says Bassett. “I've never seen it before or since – it was the defining moment of the entire decision making.”
Buying time
Such long-term resuscitation is currently impossible for people whose cardiac arrest is accompanied by injury from trauma – such as gunshot wounds or automobile accidents. At the moment, the surgeon's best option is to clamp the arteries leading to the lower body, before opening the chest and massaging the heart, which pushes a little blood flow to the brain while surgeons try to stitch up the wounds. Unfortunately, the survival rate is less than one in 10.
It is for this reason that Tisherman wants to plunge the body to around 10-15C, potentially giving the doctors a window of two or more hours to operate. Although this level of deep hypothermia is sometimes applied during heart surgery, Tisherman's project is the first time that it will have been been used to revive someone who had already ‘died' before entering the hospital. Perhaps most astonishing of all, the team drain the blood from the body and replace it with chilled saline solution. Because the body's metabolism has stopped, the blood is not required to keep cells alive, and saline solution is the quickest way to cool the patient, explains Tisherman.
With Rhee and others, Tisherman has spent two decades building a substantial portfolio of evidence to prove that the procedure is safe, and effective. Many of the experiments involved pigs inflicted with near-fatal injuries. Mid-operation, there was no doubt that animals were about as far beyond the realms of the living as it is possible to go and then return. “The pig is as white as you can get,” says Rhee. “It's just pale, refrigerator meat.” If the animals had been cooled quickly enough, however – at around 2C a minute – nearly 90% recovered when their blood was returned to their bodies, after having lain in limbo for more than an hour. “It's the most amazing thing to witness – when the heartbeat comes back,” says Rhee.
Once the animals had returned back to more regular activity, the team then performed several tests to check that their brains hadn't been damaged. For instance, before the procedure, the researchers trained some of the pigs to open a container of a certain colour, where an apple was hidden inside. After they had been revived, most of the animals remembered where to fetch their treat. Other pigs that hadn't been trained before the operation, were instead taught the procedure soon after their recovery. They managed to learn just as quickly as the others – again suggesting that there had been no effect on their memories.
Needless to say, gaining approval for human trials has been a struggle. Earlier this year, Tisherman was finally allowed to set up a pilot trial in Pittsburgh to treat patients suffering from gunshot wounds. The hospital sees about one or two such patients a month, meaning that some have already been treated with the technique since the trial began – although it is too early for Tisherman to speak about the results yet. He is also setting up a trial in Baltimore, Maryland, and all being well, Rhee will later be able to begin work at Tuscon's trauma centre.
As with any medical research, there will be some challenges in the transition from the animal experiments to the human trials. The animals received their own blood at the end of the operation, for instance – whereas the patients in this trial will need transfusions that have been sitting in blood banks for weeks. And while the animals were under anaesthesia at the time of injury, the patients won't have been, which could change the way their body reacts to the injury. Tisherman remains optimistic, however. “We generally think that dogs and pigs respond to bleeding in a similar way to humans.”
Other doctors are watching with interest. “It's very brave,” says Parnia. “Many of us feel that in order to preserve the brain, we have to cool the body a lot more than we've done traditionally. But people have been afraid.”
If the trials go according to plan, Tisherman would like to extend the approach to other kinds of trauma. Gunshot victims were chosen for the initial trial because it is easier to localise the source of blood loss, but he hopes eventually to treat internal bleeding from an automobile accident, for instance. It may even, one day, be used to treat people suffering from heart attacks and other kinds of illness.
Success could also pave the way for investigations into other forms of suspended animation. Some scientists are looking into whether a cocktail of drugs added to the saline solution pumped into body could further reduce the body's metabolism and prevent injury. One promising candidate was hydrogen sulphide – the chemical that gives rotten eggs their smell – but although it has been found to reduce the metabolism of some animals, there is little evidence that it improves their chances of survival after a cardiac arrest. Tisherman instead thinks it will be better to find some potent anti-oxidants that can mop up the harmful chemicals that cause injury.
For Rhee, the need for better treatment is all too urgent. He points out the fate of a patient he saw at the hospital only the day before we spoke. “He was shot in the epigastrium, right under the chest in the middle of the belly,” he says. The hospital staff tried everything they could, but he still died. “It's exactly the kind of patient we hope we could repair if we'd been able to work in a less rushed fashion.”
This article is part of a series on “Comebacks”. Read more tales of triumphant returns:
Anglophenia: Best of British revivals
From ancient languages to boy bands, these British cultural artefacts fell out of favour, but were rescued from history's bin.
Autos: The 3-Wheeler's return to form
From forgotten oddity to a modern sports car hero – Britain's top ‘Mog' is on a roll.
BBC America: A guide to every Doctor Who
Every Doctor has one thing in common - he regenerates. Get up to speed on how each one made the ultimate comeback.
Capital: The comeback kings
They rose to lofty heights and fell mightily. How some one-time giants got back into good graces.
Culture: Seven stages of movie stardom
Famous actors often burn brightly before falling on hard times. Here's how they turn failure into success.
Travel: A new dawn for Italy's south
For the first time since the Grand Tour of the 18th Century, southern Italy is registering on savvy travellers' radars.
If you would like to comment on this, or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook or Google+ page, or message us on Twitter.
Enters into Agreements with iHeartMedia, Beasley and Bonneville
Merger with CBS Radio Expected to Close as Early as November 17
BALA CYNWYD, PA – NOVEMBER 1, 2017 – Entercom Communications Corp. (NYSE: ETM) today announced a series of agreements in connection with its pending merger with CBS Radio Inc. (“CBS Radio”), including:
A settlement with the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) that will allow Entercom and CBS Radio to move forward with the proposed combination;
Asset exchange agreements with iHeartMedia, Inc. (PINK: IHRT) and Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: BBGI) in Boston, Seattle, Richmond and Chattanooga; and
Local Marketing Agreements (“LMA”) with Bonneville International Corporation in San Francisco and Sacramento.
In connection with these agreements, Entercom now expects its proposed combination with CBS Radio to close as early as November 17, pending approval from the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”).
“Today's announcements mark a significant milestone as we work to complete the transformational combination of Entercom and CBS Radio,” said David Field, President and Chief Executive Officer, Entercom. “While it is necessary to divest certain stations in order to secure regulatory approval, it is difficult to part ways with so many strong brands and, most importantly, their talented people. However, we are excited by the terrific new additions to our lineup that will bolster our position in Boston and expand our footprint in the Southeast. We look forward to unlocking the potential of the combined company to deliver value for our listeners, customers and shareholders.”
Including the previously announced agreement by Entercom to divest three stations to Educational Media Foundation (EMF), Entercom and CBS Radio have agreed to divest a total of 19 radio stations in the markets of Boston, Los Angeles, Sacramento, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle and Wilkes-Barre. Collectively, Entercom will receive 11 stations in the Boston, Chattanooga and Richmond markets.
iHeartMedia Asset Exchange Agreement
Under the terms of the asset exchange agreement, iHeartMedia will receive four stations in Boston and three stations in Seattle. Entercom will receive six stations in Richmond and four stations in Chattanooga. As a result of the agreement, Entercom will enter two new markets in Richmond and Chattanooga. The iHeartMedia transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2018. The complete list of stations in the asset exchange agreement include:
Stations to be divested to iHeartMedia Market Current Owner Station Format Boston CBS Radio WBZ-AM News Boston CBS Radio WZLX-FM Classic Rock Boston Entercom WKAF-FM Urban Adult Contemporary Boston Entercom WRKO-AM News/Talk Seattle CBS Radio KFNQ-AM Sports Seattle CBS Radio KJAQ-FM Adult Hits Seattle CBS Radio KZOK-FM Classic Rock iHeartMedia stations to be acquired by Entercom Market Station Format Chattanooga WLND-FM Adult Hits Chattanooga WKXJ-FM Top 40 Chattanooga WRXR-FM Mainstream Rock Chattanooga WUSY-FM Country Richmond WBTJ-FM Hip Hop & R&B Richmond WRNL-AM Sports Richmond WRVA-AM News/Talk Richmond WRVQ-FM Top 40 Richmond WRXL-FM Alternative Rock Richmond WTVR-FM Adult Contemporary
Beasley Asset Exchange Agreement
Under the terms of the asset exchange agreement, Beasley will receive one station in Boston. Entercom will receive WMJX-FM, one of Boston's leading heritage stations, and $12 million in cash consideration. The Beasley transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2018. The complete list of stations in the asset exchange agreement include:
Station to be divested to Beasley Market Current Owner Station Format Boston CBS Radio WBZ-FM Sports Beasley stations to be acquired by Entercom Market Stations Format Boston WMJX-FM Adult Contemporary
Bonneville Local Marketing Agreement
Under the terms of the LMA, Bonneville will program four stations in San Francisco and four stations in Sacramento. The LMA will become effective upon the closing of the Entercom and CBS Radio merger. The complete list of stations in the LMA include:
Stations to be programmed by Bonneville Market Current Owner Station Format San Francisco CBS Radio KMVQ-FM Top 40 San Francisco Entercom KBLX-FM Urban Adult Contemporary San Francisco Entercom KOIT-FM Adult Contemporary San Francisco Entercom KUFX-FM Classic Rock Sacramento CBS Radio KHTK-AM Sports Sacramento CBS Radio KNCI-FM Country Sacramento CBS Radio KYMX-FM Adult Contemporary Sacramento CBS Radio KZZO-FM Hot Adult Contemporary
Regulatory Update
In connection with the settlement with the DOJ, the agreements with iHeartMedia, Beasley and Bonneville announced today will clear the way for the Entercom and CBS Radio merger to move forward, pending FCC approval.
On February 2, 2017, Entercom announced an agreement to combine with CBS Radio in an all-stock transaction which is expected to be tax-free to CBS and its shareholders. The merger will make Entercom a leading local media and entertainment company with a nationwide footprint of 235 stations, with coverage of close to 90% of persons 12+ in the top 50 markets, as well as robust digital capabilities and a growing events platform.
About Entercom Communications Corp.
Entercom Communications Corp. (NYSE: ETM) is a leading media and entertainment company in the U.S., reaching and engaging more than 40 million people a week through its portfolio of highly rated stations in top markets across the country. Entercom is a purpose-driven company, deeply committed to entertaining and informing its listeners with the best locally curated music, news, sports, and talk content, driven by compelling local personalities. Entercom delivers superior ROI by connecting its customers and audiences through its leading local brands and unparalleled local marketing solutions and its SmartReach Digital product suite. Learn more about Philadelphia-based Entercom at www.entercom.com, Facebook and Twitter (@Entercom).
Forward-Looking Statements
This communication contains “forward-looking statements.” All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues, earnings, cash flows or other aspects of our operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “intend,” “foresee,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “may,” “estimate,” “outlook” and similar expressions, including the negative thereof. The absence of these words, however, does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on us. While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate.
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others, failure to obtain applicable regulatory or stockholder approvals in a timely manner or otherwise; failure to satisfy other closing conditions to the proposed combination with CBS Radio; risks associated with tax liabilities, or changes in U.S. federal tax laws or interpretations to which they are subject; risks that the new businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the combined companies will not realize estimated cost savings, value of certain tax assets, synergies and growth or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; failure to realize anticipated benefits of the combined operations; risks relating to unanticipated costs of integration; the potential impact of announcement or consummation of the proposed transaction on relationships with third parties, including advertiser clients, employees and competitors; a decline in advertising revenue and the seasonality of advertising revenue; intense competition in the broadcast radio and media distribution industries; impact on advertising rates and revenues due to technological changes and failure to timely or appropriately respond to such changes; ability to attract new and retain existing advertiser clients in the manner anticipated; increases in or new royalties; high fixed costs; ability to hire and retain key personnel; failure to protect our intellectual property; availability of sources of funding on favorable terms or at all; changes in legislation or governmental regulations affecting the companies; economic, social or political conditions that could adversely affect the companies or their advertiser clients; conditions in the credit markets; and risks associated with assumptions the parties make in connection with the parties' critical accounting estimates and legal proceedings.
All of our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties that affect the parties' businesses, including those described in the Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other documents filed from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) by Entercom and CBS to the extent they relate to CBS Radio). We wish to caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law.
No Offer or Solicitation
This communication is not intended to and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or the solicitation of any vote in any jurisdiction pursuant to the proposed transactions or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions to be approved by the relevant regulators or certain facts to be ascertained, the public offer will not be made directly or indirectly, in or into any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws of such jurisdiction, or by use of the mails or by any means or instrumentality (including without limitation, facsimile transmission, telephone and the internet) of interstate or foreign commerce, or any facility of a national securities exchange, of any such jurisdiction.
Additional Information
Important Additional Information has been filed with the SEC
Entercom has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4, which will constitute a prospectus of Entercom, and a proxy statement relating to the special meeting of Entercom shareholders (together, the “proxy statement/prospectus”), CBS has filed with the SEC a Schedule TO with respect to the proposed exchange offer and CBS Radio has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 and Form S-4 that will constitute a prospectus of CBS Radio (together with the proxy statement/prospectus and the Schedule TO, the “Disclosure Documents”). INVESTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CAREFULLY READ THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENTS, AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC, IN THEIR ENTIRETY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT ENTERCOM, CBS, CBS RADIO, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and shareholders can obtain free copies of the Disclosure Documents and other documents filed with the SEC by the parties through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and shareholders can obtain free copies of the Disclosure Documents and other documents filed with the SEC on Entercom's website at www.entercom.com (for documents filed with the SEC by Entercom) or on CBS's website at www.cbs.com (for documents filed with the SEC by CBS or CBS Radio).
Participants in the Solicitation
Entercom, CBS, CBS Radio and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Entercom in respect of the proposed transactions contemplated by the definitive proxy statement/prospectus. Information regarding the persons who are, under the rules of the SEC, participants in the solicitation of the stockholders of Entercom in connection with the proposed transactions, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed with the SEC. Information regarding Entercom's and CBS's directors and executive officers is contained in Entercom's and CBS's respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and their Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, filed on March 17, 2017 and April 7, 2017, respectively, which have been filed with the SEC and can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.
###
CONTACT:
Esther-Mireya Tejeda
610.822.0861
Esther-Mireya.Tejeda@entercom.com
@EntercomPR
Voyager Seeks the Answer Blowin' in the Wind
PASADENA, Calif. -- In which direction is the sun's stream of charged particles banking when it nears the edge of the solar system? The answer, scientists know, is blowing in the wind. It's just a matter of getting NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft in the right orientation to detect it.
To enable Voyager 1's Low Energy Charged Particle instrument to gather these data, the spacecraft performed a maneuver on March 7 that it hadn't done for 21 years, except in a preparatory test last month.
At 9:10 a.m. PST (12:10 p.m. EST), humanity's most distant spacecraft rolled 70 degrees counterclockwise as seen from Earth from its normal orientation and held the position by spinning gyroscopes for two hours, 33 minutes. The last time either of the two Voyager spacecraft rolled and stopped in a gyro-controlled orientation was Feb. 14, 1990, when Voyager 1 snapped a family portrait of the planets strewn like tiny gems around our sun (http://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA00451).
"Even though Voyager 1 has been traveling through the solar system for 33 years, it is still a limber enough gymnast to do acrobatics we haven't asked it to do in 21 years," said Suzanne Dodd, Voyager project manager, based at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. "It executed the maneuver without a hitch, and we look forward to doing it a few more times to allow the scientists to gather the data they need."
The two Voyager spacecraft are traveling through a turbulent area known as the heliosheath. The heliosheath is the outer shell of a bubble around our solar system created by the solar wind, a stream of ions blowing radially outward from the sun at a million miles per hour. The wind must turn as it approaches the outer edge of the bubble where it makes contact with the interstellar wind, which originates in the region between stars and blows by our solar bubble.
In June 2010, when Voyager 1 was about 17 billion kilometers (about 11 billion miles) away from the sun, data from the Low Energy Charged Particle instrument began to show that the net outward flow of the solar wind was zero. That zero reading has continued since. The Voyager science team doesn't think the wind has disappeared in that area. It has likely just turned a corner. But does it go up, down or to the side?
"Because the direction of the solar wind has changed and its radial speed has dropped to zero, we have to change the orientation of Voyager 1 so the Low Energy Charged Particle instrument can act like a kind of weather vane to see which way the wind is now blowing," said Edward Stone, Voyager project scientist, based at the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena. "Knowing the strength and direction of the wind is critical to understanding the shape of our solar bubble and estimating how much farther it is to the edge of interstellar space."
Voyager engineers performed a test roll and hold on Feb. 2 for two hours, 15 minutes. When data from Voyager 1 were received on Earth some 16 hours later, the mission team verified the test was successful and the spacecraft had no problem in reorienting itself and locking back onto its guide star, Alpha Centauri.
The Low Energy Charged Particle instrument science team confirmed that the spacecraft had acquired the kind of information it needed, and mission planners gave Voyager 1 the green light to do more rolls and longer holds. There will be five more of these maneuvers over the next seven days, with the longest hold lasting three hours 50 minutes. The Voyager team plans to execute a series of weekly rolls for this purpose every three months.
The success of the March 7 roll and hold was received at JPL at 1:21 a.m. PST (4:21 a.m. EST) on March 8. But it will take a few months longer for scientists to analyze the data.
"We do whatever we can to make sure the scientists get exactly the kinds of data they need, because only the Voyager spacecraft are still active in this exotic region of space," said Jefferson Hall, Voyager mission operations manager at JPL. "We were delighted to see Voyager still has the capability to acquire unique science data in an area that won't likely be traveled by other spacecraft for decades to come."
Voyager 2 was launched on Aug. 20, 1977. Voyager 1 was launched on Sept. 5, 1977. On March 7, Voyager 1 was 17.4 billion kilometers (10.8 billion miles) away from the sun. Voyager 2 was 14.2 billion kilometers (8.8 billion miles) away from the sun, on a different trajectory.
The solar wind's outward flow has not yet diminished to zero where Voyager 2 is exploring, but that may happen as the spacecraft approaches the edge of the bubble in the years ahead.
The Voyagers were built by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif., which continues to operate both spacecraft. JPL is a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. The Voyager missions are a part of the NASA Heliophysics System Observatory, sponsored by the Heliophysics Division of the Science Mission Directorate. For more information about the Voyager spacecraft, visit: http://www.nasa.gov/voyager.
Jia-Rui Cook 818-359-3241
Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.
jccook@jpl.nasa.gov
2011-069
WASHINGTON -- First, conservative activists went after "ObamaCare." Now they're going after... "TrashCare."
Tea Party organizations are turning their focus to local issues lately, with a group in Fountain Hills, Ariz. rallying against what it views as a pernicious change in the way that trash is collected in the community.
According to The Arizona Republic, the controversy began when the Fountain Hills Town Council proposed hiring a single trash hauler and starting a curbside recycling program. On Thursday, a divided council approved the changes -- currently there's no mandatory recycling program and residents can choose from five haulers -- but not before the local Tea Party activists loudly objected to what they viewed as, essentially, a step toward socialism.
Fountain Hills Mayor Jay Schlum said he wasn't that surprised by the strong opposition and attributed it to the fact that debate happened shortly before the election and the vote just two days after.
"Of course our vote was two days after the national election, so there was quite a bit of angst already nationally," Schlum told The Huffington Post. "So I wasn't completely surprised. I think some of the tone was a little louder because of the fact that our discussion was on both sides of the national election, but I wouldn't say I was surprised by it."
In a bulletin entitled "Trash Talk," the Fountain Hills Tea Party wrote on its website: "On Thursday, November 4 the Fountain Hills Town Council decided, by a 4-3 vote, to take away your ability to choose your own trash hauler. Councilmembers Brown, Dickey, and Leger, along with Mayor Schlum, voted for this action. Councilmembers Contino, Elkie, and Hansen voted to preserve your freedom. Once more, government is trying to restrict free market economics. If you don't like it, stay tuned." The Fountain Hills Tea Party did not respond to an inquiry from The Huffington Post.
Arizona's Campaign for Liberty (C4L), an offshoot of a national organization founded by Rep. Ron Paul (R-Tex.), also put up an action alert about the issue on its website, accompanied by a menacing-looking man smoking a cigar in front of a Fountain Hills backdrop:
In its open letter to Fountain Hills, Arizona C4L wrote that the controversy is nothing less than an assault on capitalism:
Opponents of the free-market would have a hard time arguing with the fact that only capitalism could create a situation where companies fight for the honor to haul away and dispose of your least wanted stuff: your family's garbage and waste. With multiple companies fighting for the compensation associated with this unpleasant task, one would naturally assume that - as with any competitive industry - standards of service remain high and prices stay low. Unfortunately for the taxpayers of Fountain Hills, that system may soon be dead.
C4L further argued that the change is being pushed by "[l]arge multinational corporations" that are "unscrupulously restricting smaller companies from participating in the [bid] process." "When the government creates the winners, everyone else loses," the group added.
According to The Arizona Republic, some opponents had taken to calling the controversy TrashCare, as a comparison to the heated opposition to health care reform. Additionally, a flier was circulated with an "ominous icon" and the phrase, "The Hills Will Have Eyes." It claimed the "Fountain Hills Green Police" were checking residents' garbage and recyclables.
The Huffington Post spoke with Fountain Hills Town Manager Rick Davis, who confirmed seeing the flier and said the effort against the trash collection change appeared to be very "organized" and "orchestrated." He said that although there were some loud voices speaking out, he received a considerable amount of backing for the proposal -- including from people who were self-proclaimed Tea Party supporters.
"What Tea Party people believe in is lower cost for municipal services, governmental services, and this certainly fit the bill," he noted.
There are actually two different Tea Party groups in Fountain Hills, who don't usually work together. The Tea Party Patriots in the town do not appear to have anything on their site about the trash collection issue.
Davis also disputed the claims of the "Hills" flier, saying that all companies -- including local ones -- were allowed to bid to be the single hauler. The company that received the contract, Allied Waste, submitted a bid that was significantly lower than the others. Schlum said that the process to change the trash collection issue began in 2005 and involved significant public input.
"The main issue -- we have five haulers on our street, so if you're on a residential street, there's a good chance you're going to have five different trash companies, five different trash bins on your street throughout the week, with pick-ups two-three times per week by each individual hauler," said Schlum, adding that the town was looking for a way to ensure that trash collection was less noisy and resulted in less wear and tear on the streets (which costs taxpayers more money to repair).
Fountain Hills isn't the first community to deal with Tea Party protests to trash collection. Over the summer, a local FreedomWorks chapter Gwinnett County, Georgia protested mandatory trash collection.
A report by local news station ABC15 also noted that Sheriff Joe Arpaio, known nationally for his harsh stance on undocumented immigration, is a Fountain Hills resident and objected to the trash changes.
WATCH:
UPDATE, 5:15 p.m.: The Huffington Post spoke with Fountain Hills Tea Party member Shawn Dow, who said that the main reason they're opposing the trash collection changes is that they "violate the principles of the free market." "They're kicking four businesses that are here locally out of town -- there are going to be layoffs for those businesses -- so they can choose to go with just Allied Waste," he said, adding that the other local companies were forced out of the bidding process because they didn't meet the town's strict requirements.
Dow argued that the new plan won't save taxpayers money because for people who want trash collection more than once a week, it will be more expensive than with the other companies. Additionally, recycling was available under the other plans, but it was optional. Dow said that they are objecting to the fact that it is now mandatory, and therefore the plans are more expensive.
He stated that the Fountain Hills Tea Party was not behind the "Hills" flyer; it appeared to be created by individuals rather than an organization.
UPDATE, 7:14 p.m.: Jeff Cohen, chairman of the "Committee for Fair Representation" and an opponent of the trash changes, wrote in:
1. The TEA Party is a movement on a local level to affect local issues. They have not just moved to local issues. Trash hauling effects everyone in Fountain Hills, which is a diverse town with residents who have different needs for municipal services. 2. Street repairs - The Town's roads are NOT in disrepair, nor does the town spend enough money on road repairs to make this a cost cutting measure. Furthermore all trash haulers pay road taxes within the state and the majority of road repair dollars come direct from the state. 3. The move towards socialism was a remark made by one gentleman at a town council meeting. The problem that residents have with this measure is that it creates a system of hefty fines for simple sorting mistakes, such as misplacing a plastic bag. $3,000 fines are possible for a repeated offense, which will be observed by garbage men with cameras. That is akin to citizen spying and is not a value Fountain Hills resident want to uphold. 4. The bid process in this case was rigged and Waste Management was the only company up for the contract. They wrote the proposal and lobbied the Town Council. The recycle provider is locked into a contract with Allied and could not (by contract) quote their services allowing for a competitive bid process. There was no real competition for who would gain the monopoly over trash collection and now all competition for this service is gone. The big losers are the residents who will see their collection fees rise every year, which is mandated in the contract.
Schlum responded and said he respected the views of Cohen but disagreed on several points, noting that a report from the Town Council's staff indicated many arterial and collector streets need "extensive repairs" and the "annual residential street maintenance program spending will need to be stepped up considerably to catch up."
He also insisted that the measure doesn't create hefty fines. "We addressed the Town Code in depth and agreed that the way things have been working over the past many years should continue," he said. Regarding the procurement process, he said that the Fountain Hills "request for proposal" (RFP) was modeled on what was done in a local community, adding that the town received bids from "many haulers serving the community."
UPDATE, 11:12 p.m.: The article originally said Fountain Hills has no recycling program. It was updated to clarify that there's no mandatory recycling program.
Western Bulldogs members are set for an exciting year in 2017, with access to two big blockbuster replacement games. With the Western Bulldogs playing two of its allocated 11 home games in Cairns and Ballarat this year, access members who are unable to attend those matches will be able to go to the two allocated replacement games in Melbourne.
The first of those will be the Round 1 encounter with Collingwood, when the Bulldogs return to MCG, the scene of the club's breakthrough premiership win last October. That premiership will be marked at home the following week with the unfurling of the flag before the Round 2 grand final replay at Etihad Stadium against the Sydney Swans.
Another blockbuster awaits in the second of the replacement games, the Bulldogs' only 2017 home-and-away meeting with Hawthorn, in Round 23.
Replacement game details:
Collingwood vs Western Bulldogs
Round 1 – MCG - Friday 24 March, 7:50pm
Hawthorn vs Western Bulldogs
Round 23 - Etihad Stadium - Date & Time TBC
Member access
Both 2017 home and home & away access members will be able to gain entry to general admission areas available at the above matches.
Reserved seat holders will not have access to a reserved seat at these games but can access general admission areas.
Members can upgrade from general admission to a reserved seat for these matches via Ticketek (Round 1 vs Coll) from 9am, Monday 6 March or Ticketmaster (Round 23 vs Hawks) from 9am, Wednesday 9 August, where you can enter your 12 digit barcode to access the discounted member prices.
Want access to these great games?
If you are yet to renew or join as a member and want to be part of the enthralling journey set up last season by Luke Beveridge and his premiership team, now is the time to #bemorebulldog and become a member. Sign up online at www.membership.westernbulldogs.com.au or call 1300 46 36 47.
Sideline members who do not have game day access will also need to purchase tickets for this match or can upgrade to a three-game membership for an additional $35 to get access to any three home games at Etihad Stadium.
More fixture questions around Cairns and Ballarat? Click here.
Spider-Man and Venom: Maximum Carnage is a side-scrolling beat 'em up game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Mega Drive/Genesis, developed by Software Creations and published by Acclaim Entertainment and its subsidiary LJN in 1994. The game, based on the comic book story arc of the same name, features numerous heroes, including Spider-Man, Venom, and their allies from the Marvel Comics fictional universe like Captain America, Black Cat, Iron Fist, Cloak and Dagger, Deathlok, Morbius and Firestar, all teaming up to battle an onslaught of villains led by Carnage, including Shriek, Doppelganger, Demogoblin and Carrion.[1]
The first prints of the game for the Super NES and Genesis were sold in red-colored cartridges. Later prints came in standard-colored cartridges. It was followed up by a sequel titled Venom/Spider-Man: Separation Anxiety.
Gameplay [ edit ]
In this single-player side-scrolling beat 'em up (with a format similar to Double Dragon and Final Fight), the player controls Spider-Man and Venom through various levels to stop the supervillain Carnage and his team, as well as hundreds of criminals they inspire in their wake, from taking over the city. The two 16-bit versions are virtually identical.
Spider-Man Unlimited #1. One of the game's comic-styled cutscenes. This one is based on the final panel of#1.
Other Marvel heroes can be summoned by collecting appropriate items hidden within certain levels. The locations of the power-ups necessary to summon aid are set. Depending on which character summoned them, the summoned heroes may help out in different ways, usually being more effective for whichever character (Spider-Man or Venom) they favor.
Development [ edit ]
Maximum Carnage is one of the first video games to be directly based on a comic book story, rather than simply using comics characters in a standard video game "action/adventure" plot. Many of the game's cutscenes feature semi-animated versions of art taken directly from the comics. It was also the first Spider-Man video game to receive a teen rating (while the SNES re-release version had a rating of K-A, the Genesis version was rated MA-13).
Reception [ edit ]
The game received mixed reviews. The reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly scored the SNES version a unanimous 5 out of 10, commenting that the appearances by other superheroes are "cool", but outweighed by the "sloppy" graphics and mediocre control.[2] The SNES version was also given a 3.45/5 from Nintendo Power.[3] Reviewing the Genesis port, GamePro commented that "All the graphics, features, and fighting action are identical on the Genesis version—unfortunately, so are the drawbacks that made this only an average SNES game." They elaborated that the game controls well but is overly long and repetitive due to the player character's limited selection of moves, the lack of objects to interact with, the low variety of enemies, and the similar look to all the backgrounds.[4]
Soundtrack [ edit ]
The game's soundtrack was written and produced by American rock group Green Jellÿ.[5] The title screen theme song appears as the first track on the band's 1994 album 333 as "Carnage Rules". Due to the limited storage capacity of SNES and Genesis cartridges, the soundtrack was not recorded music, but a computerized rendition of the songs.
Additionally, an uncredited version of Black Sabbath's "The Mob Rules" appears in the soundtrack.
References [ edit ]
XL Foods, the company responsible for the largest meat recall in Canadian history, is making headlines again. It's the same old story: contamination and lack of sanitation.
In 2012, the plant was closed after 18 people were sickened by meat contaminated with E. coli, which can cause serious health problems and sometimes death. XL's failure to properly test for this dangerous bacterium is a problem to this day.
According to CTV National News , poor employee hygiene and unsanitary conditions persisted in 2014. The Canadian Food Inspection Agency found:
No running water in the women's and men's bathroom sinks No running water in the men's urinal Toilets with fecal matter left unflushed
Factory farmers have a history of putting profits before public safety. Earlier this month, two former egg industry executives received jail time as a result of a 2010 salmonella outbreak at Quality Egg of New England. Sickening thousands, the perpetrators are believed to have had knowledge of potential contamination, but continued with business as usual.
MNT
CHICAGO (Aug. 21, 2014) – Three-time FIFA World Cup veteran Tim Howard has asked to take a break from duties with the U.S. Men's National Team until next fall, and after discussions with U.S. head coach Jurgen Klinsmann the Everton goalkeeper will not be considered for selection to the U.S. roster until September of 2015.
Howard is not retiring from international play. The decision is driven mainly by the desire to spend more time with his family.
“Having played overseas for the last 12 years and missing out on spending time with my family, making this commitment to my family is very important at this time,” said Howard. “I am grateful for the willingness of both Jurgen Klinsmann and Everton manager Roberto Martinez to afford me the opportunity to spend time with my kids. It's the right decision at the right time. Jurgen has always been up front with all the players in saying you have to earn your place, which is something I agree with, so I look forward to coming back next fall and competing for a spot.”
Klinsmann and Howard had extensive conversations prior to the decision, and the U.S. coach is supportive of the approach.
“We had a very good and productive conversation,” said Klinsmann. “I totally understand Tim's situation. He was very straight forward and honest in his approach, and I admire him for that. He has a wish to take a step back to take care of his family, and we came to the conclusion that it's absolutely fine that he takes time off from international soccer until after next summer's Gold Cup, and then we reevaluate. I told him as long as he is the same Tim Howard that we always see performing well, he will be welcome back with open arms and right back competing for a spot. He knows that he has to prove that he deserves to be back.”
Howard will miss as many as eight friendly matches as well as the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup, giving Klinsmann the chance to see other goalkeepers in action. He will continue in his starting role for Everton of the English Premier League, which is now in the second week of the 2014-15 season that runs through May.
Howard has amassed 104 caps and is the USA's all-time leader for goalkeepers in appearances and wins (55). The 35-year-old has played every minute for the United States in the last two FIFA World Cups. In Brazil this past summer, he twice earned Budweiser Man of the Match honors, including the 2-2 draw against Portugal and the Round of 16 game against Belgium in which he posted a World Cup-record 15 saves.
“This gives us a huge opportunity to see Brad Guzan and Nick Rimando going forward and fighting for the No. 1 spot,” said Klinsmann. “We have young talented goalkeepers with Sean Johnson and Bill Hamid, who have been brought along the last couple years, so this may give them a chance here and there to get some game time. Always when somebody steps aside for a moment, it gives an opportunity for the next ones in line.”
The U.S. Men's National Team will travel to face the Czech Republic on Sept. 3 in Prague, marking the first match for the United States following the 2014 FIFA World Cup. The match will be broadcast live on the NBC Sports Network and UniMas. Fans can also follow on Twitter @ussoccer.
Reproduced with permission from Setanta Sports
ROB PENNEY IS the latest Kiwi to land the head coach job at an Irish province, meaning that three out of the four Irish provinces are now presided over by New Zealanders.
What does this say about the standard of coaches in Ireland, if anything?
Let us examine each province individually as circumstances differ greatly depending on your location.
Joe Schmidt has been an unequivocal success at Leinster, marrying a highly-intelligent and exciting brand of rugby with a winning mentality. There is no questioning his appointment, even from a purely Irish perspective, as he is doing as much to develop young Irish talent as anyone.
Schmidt is 80 minutes away from his second Heineken Cup in two years and his stock is most definitely on the rise. The challenge for Leinster will be holding onto him when others come calling. And they will come calling, you can be sure of that.
The Ulster scenario is less straight forward as an Irish coach has been effectively demoted to make way for Mark Anscombe. It is important to clarify here that the best man for the job should be awarded the role, regardless of their nationality. However, Brian McLaughlin has just led Ulster to the Heineken Cup final and has developed them into a very serious outfit.
David Humphries is a bright man who is very serious about progressing Ulster Rugby and he obviously feels that Mark Anscombe is the man to do just that. Nevertheless, you can't help but be confused and slightly frustrated by this as here is an Irish coach performing his job incredibly well. Ulster have improved immeasurably over the last season, particularly in the Heineken Cup, making McLaughlin's demotion all the more bizarre.
Anscombe has pedigree in developing youth talent and also as a technical forwards coach; these were obviously boxes that Humphries and co were looking to tick. His record with the All Blacks Under-20s is impressive but his ITM Cup record with Auckland (youth team) is less so, finishing fifth in 2009, fourth in 2010 and fifth again in 2011.
Anscombe may well turn out to be a shrewd appointment but shouldn't McLaughlin have been given a chance given the upward curve the province are on under his guidance? I think so.
Power vacuum
The departure of Tony McGahan from Munster left a void many presumed would be filled by Anthony Foley. The former Ireland number eight seemed a natural choice in many respects, given his technical prowess, allegiances to the province and the values they stand for. Indeed, Munster have tended to promote from within in past circumstances.
The common perception is that Foley will take up the mantle at some point and was potentially even offered it already. There is, of course, a distinct possibility that Foley will replace Rob Penney at the culmination of his relatively short two-year contract.
And what of Rob Penney? His background is similar to Anscombe's in that he is a Kiwi who has experience is developing young talent and is a forwards coach by trade. This latter trait is a little bit curious given that Munster have a very capable forwards coach already in situ in Foley.
All things considered, you would suggest that Penney has been appointed to aid the growth of the youth talent at Munster and to help hone Anthony Foley's skills until he is ready for the main job himself. This may be a little premature but it certainly feels like that.
In truth Anthony Foley is possibly the most promising prospect in Irish coaching, given his astuteness in regards to the game. Foley was a supremely intelligent player and has already acquitted himself extremely well on the coaching front at both Munster and Ireland. He is also a forwards specialist, which is hugely promising. Ireland don't produce enough specialist coaches and even Declan Kidney could be classed as a manager in many respects, who brings in top quality coaches around him.
Edinburgh head coach Michael Bradley. Pic: INPHO/Ryan Byrne
Looking further afield for Irish coaches, there are two who spring to mind immediately; Michael Bradley and Conor O'Shea.
Bradley's star is currently on the rise, having guided Edinburgh to the semi final of the Heineken Cup, dismissing Toulouse along the way. The former Connacht coach is being heralded as the next Irish head honcho in some quarters but he would surely need to achieve something a bit more tangible before that happens?
Edinburgh's form in the Rabo Direct Pro 12 this year has been awful, finishing second from bottom and three places below Connacht. This needs to be taken into account also. Although Bradley is doing some great things, I certainly wouldn't be rushing into handing him the Irish job any time soon.
Conor O'Shea is another who is making good strides as his Harlequins side have topped the Premiership table this season. Play-offs are still to come of course but even finishing top is an achievement in itself. O'Shea is another who will be right in the mix for the Irish head job in years to come and rightly so.
To conclude, it is no harm having a foreign coach in charge of a province or indeed Ireland, if they are the right man for the job. However, there are very decent Irish coaches out there and they shouldn't be overlooked.
Twitter: @TomFoxy
Read more at Setanta Sports
A written tenancy agreement is a great foundation for a stable tenancy — and it's now a legal requirement. It sets out the rights and responsibilities of both landlord and tenant, reduces the risk of future misunderstandings, and keeps you on the right side of the law.
All new tenancies must have a written agreement —signed by both landlord and tenants — setting out important details, including:
full names and contact addresses
address of the rental property
date tenancy begins — and ends, if it's for a fixed term
bond to be paid, if any
rent amount and frequency of payments
any chattels, eg furniture or appliances, provided by the landlord
information about insulation in the ceilings, floors, or walls.
Even if you don't put your agreement in writing, the Residential Tenancies Act applies. This means you and your tenants must still do what's required by law.
If you add any clauses or conditions, make sure these are in line with tenancy law. It's fine to say “no pets” or to write down the maximum number of people who can live at the property. But you can't insist the tenant has the carpets commercially cleaned when they move out.
The easiest way to get your agreement right is to use the template on the Tenancy Services website.
Tenancy agreement template (external link) — Tenancy Services
A TEENAGE member of a group police and security agencies believe are committed to violent jihad in Australia has chillingly admitted:'”Everyone wants to die for Allah”.
The 19-year-old, who knew Parramatta police HQ killer Farhad Jabar, has been a member of a small group of young Islamic State supporters in western Sydney under the scopes of anti-terrorist officers.
“Everyone wants to die for Allah, we all want to live the best life in the hereafter and want to make it to the top of the seven levels of jannah (paradise),” Hamza told the ABC last night.
Hamza was one of more than a dozen men raided last year over an alleged plot to abduct and kill a random Sydneysider.
media_camera Raban Alou, 18, is placed under arrest in recent Sydney anti-terror raids.
In the ABC's 7.30 program last night, it was also revealed he is close friends with Raban Alou whom police allege give the gun to teen killer Jabar and who is charged with helping commission the shooting murder of NSW police accountant Curtis Cheng.
Hamza also knew Jabar and the pair studied the Koran together at the mosque, the program revealed.
“He was just a quiet dude, stuck to himself, always in worship, that's it ... always in his own corner, reading the Koran, doing worship,” Hamza said.
HIGH SCHOOLS IN LOCKDOWN OVER TERROR THREAT
Hamza says while he supports radical Islam, he does not want to cause harm in Australia.
media_camera The grave of teen terrorist Farhad Jabar.
When asked if he supported Islamic State, he replied: “I'm not going to answer that, because if I say yes, I'll get in trouble, and if I say no, I'll be a liar. I accept some of their opinions and I disagree with other opinions.”
Hamza supports beheadings in Syria and Iraq and believes strict sharia law should be implemented across the world.
“What's happening overseas? Sharia is expanding: people that steal get their hand chopped off; people that kill, they need four witnesses and they die; people that smoke drugs, there's no cigarette, there's no alcohol, there are no brothels.”
In comparison, Australian society was a den of immorality, he said.
media_camera Teen terror shooter Farhad Jabar media_camera Slain police worker Curtis Cheng.
“Look at it, there are brothels, every corner you go there's a brothel. There's strip clubs, there's people drinking, people committing fornication in front of other people, like, they have no shame.”
Hamza says his group are friends who met through public high schools in Sydney's west, and most study the Koran under a small group of hard line salafi sheikhs and pray at the Parramatta mosque.
LISTEN TO THE TOP STORIES IN THE NEWS TODAY
“[It's] like gangsters — they have a brotherhood, we have our brotherhood. Because a brother said a believer is one body, so I feel his pain.”
“If he gets hurt, I feel his pain. If I get hurt, he feels my pain. That's how we are. We stick together.”
Shamed Hollywood actor Kevin Spacey has checked into a luxury $36,000-a-month rehab center in the Arizona desert to receive treatment for sex addiction, sources tell DailyMail.com.
The elite Meadows clinic is popular among celebrities and has treated stars such as Tiger Woods, Elle Macpherson, Kate Moss and Selena Gomez.
Last week it was reported that alleged serial assaulter Harvey Weinstein was also seeking treatment at the Meadows. He was seen in disguise at a local eatery in Phoenix.
It's believed the American Beauty actor, 58, who has been accused of sexually abusing or harassing a string of men in allegations dating back years, arrived in the center in Wickenburg towards the end of last week.
Kevin Spacey has checked into luxury $36,000-a-month rehab center in Arizona desert to receive treatment for sex addiction, sources tell DailyMail.com
Spacey 'is taking the time necessary to seek evaluation and treatment,' his representatives said in a statement late Wednesday.
DailyMail.com has reached out to Spacey's reps for comment.
The Meadows claims to have the best sex addiction treatment program in the US.
Spacey, who came out as gay after the first allegation against him emerged, will be able to take part in horse riding, yoga, tai chi, acupuncture and 'mindfulness meditation' at the clinic.
The impressive facility boasts a fitness center, a swimming pool and relaxation areas.
The center runs a 45-day treatment program for sex addicts called the 'Gentle Path' under which patients undergo counseling and 'expressive arts' to try and deal with their issues.
Their website states: 'In a safe and nurturing community composed of their peers, men are guided on their journey of recovery by examining the underlying causes of addiction and co-occurring disorders.
'The goal is for these individuals to gain the courage to face difficult issues, including grief and loss; heal from emotional trauma; and become accountable for their own feelings, behaviors, and recovery.'
Spacey is seeking treatment after Star Trek: Discovery actor Anthony Rapp claimed that he had come onto him when he was just 14-years-old, after a party at Spacey's home, when they were the only ones in the apartment.
He said the actor had drunkenly picked him up 'like a bride,' and then lay down on top of him in the alleged 1986 incident.
Last week it was reported that Harvey Weinstein was also seeking treatment at the Meadows. He was seen in disguise at a local eatery in Phoenix
The center runs a 45-day treatment program for sex addicts called the 'Gentle Path' under which patients undergo counseling and 'expressive arts' to try and deal with their issues
Their website states: 'In a safe and nurturing community composed of their peers, men are guided on their journey of recovery by examining the underlying causes of addiction and co-occurring disorders
Netflix removed Spacey from the cover photo of House of Cards on the heels of news that the company was cutting all ties to the actor and substituted co-star Robin Wright
Spacey said the story 'horrified' him and said he didn't recall the encounter, but said he apologized 'if I did behave then as he describes.'
Since then, a claim has emerged that Spacey made a 'gesture and remark' on the set of the first season of House of Cards in 2012 that resulted in him undergoing a 'training process'.
And on Friday another three claims were fired at the Oscar-winner - one of them again involving a teenager, another one claiming that he grabbed a man's penis and chased him around a club, and the third saying he got an assistant to request sex on set.
And this past weekend the son of Richard Dreyfuss alleged that Spacey groped him when he was 18 years old in 2008, when he was a high school senior.
Harry Dreyfuss (left), the son of Oscar-winning actor Richard Dreyfuss, has written an account of how Kevin Spacey allegedly groped him when he was 18 years old. Kris Nixon claimed Spacey groped him twice in a week and told him he performs a sex act 'better than your girlfriend'
Netflix removed Spacey from the cover photo of House of Cards on the heels of news that the company was cutting all ties to the actor.
The previous poster for the long-running political drama featured Spacey's character of Frank Underwood and Robin Wright's Claire Underwood.
The current cover photo features a still of just Wright, wearing a black coat and looking into the distance.
In addition, the overview section of the show's page features a still of Claire Underwood sitting in the Oval Office chair.
The company announced Friday night that it wouldn't make House of Cards as long as Spacey was involved, and that it was dropping a biopic of writer Gore Vidal that he had been set to star in amid more claims of inappropriate behavior.
Liberals, Greens, Family First link arms in bid for full CFS cancer compensation
Updated
The South Australian Liberals have formed an unlikely alliance with the Greens and Family First to provide volunteer firefighters the same access to cancer compensation as career firefighters.
The State Government's scheme introduced last year means MFS firefighters who contract certain forms of cancer are automatically presumed to have got the disease through their work.
The same cover extends only to Country Fire Service (CFS) volunteers who have attended 175 fires over a five-year period.
A total of 12 cancers are on the list, each with an associated period of service before the compensation kicks in.
Opposition Leader Steven Marshall says he cannot yet say how much it would cost to broaden the scheme, but disputes figures provided by the Government.
"They have got no costing credibility whatsoever. At the moment they're out there saying this is going to cost up to $23 million per year," he said.
"We reject that. It's not consistent with any of the evidence from other jurisdictions around the world. We're getting our own separate actuarial advice.
"It's not like you fight one fire and then all of a sudden you are provided with the opportunity where you have automatic access to the compensation."
There are currently about 13,000 CFS volunteers in South Australia and an actuary's report suggested the likely annual cost of equal cover could be much less than the 'worst-case' estimate of $90 million.
But the report also found it would cost about $25 million per year to extend the compensation to volunteers.
Greens MP Tammy Franks says she supports eligibility requirements but not the additional criteria for CFS volunteers.
"We're asking simply for that first hurdle. It's a fair hurdle. It's based on the science. [We want] equal treatment for MFS and CFS," she said.
Premier Jay Weatherill says the Opposition's position is economically irresponsible.
"They want it both ways. They want to say something kind to the volunteer firefighters but then actually say it doesn't cost anything," he said.
"The truth is we've had their proposition costed and it costs $90 million.
"It's irresponsible to give a presumption in favour of a work-related cancer for instance on day one of someone joining up the CFS volunteers.
"It would expose the state to a multi-million dollar claim."
The Government has previously said it will review the figures if it wins the election.
Topics: political-parties, states-and-territories, greens, workplace, cancer, liberals, bushfire, volunteers, work, sa, adelaide-5000
First posted
So this was the first "Jilly Bakes" video that I uploaded to YouTube in the Summer: a low carb New York style baked vanilla cheesecake.
So this was the first "Jilly Bakes" video that I uploaded to YouTube in the Summer: a low carb New York style baked vanilla cheesecake.
85g chopped mixed nuts
85g ounces ground almonds*
4 tablespoons butter
4-5 tablespoons Splenda*
2 tablespoons dessicated coconut (optional)
a teaspoon almond extract.
Filling:
500g mascarpone
200g soft cheese (I use Sainsbury's Be Good to Yourself)
16 tablespoons Splenda*
4 eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
300ml double cream
300ml whipping cream
Optional - blueberries or other fruit
Recipe:
Preheat the oven to 150°C / 300°F / Gas Mark 2
You can really use any combination of the ingredients for the base, depending on what nuts you like and what phase of Atkins you are on. You can also use sugar free biscuits (crushed up) that can be found here , and milled flax seeds also work really nicely. I found the almond extract really made all the difference - it creates an almost marzipan-like taste.
Mix all the ingredients together and then squish into the base of a springform tin. Bake for 10 minutes then leave to cool.
For the filling, blend the mascarpone and cream cheese with the Splenda. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Fold in the vanilla, whipping cream and double cream, then pour over the base.Cook in the oven for an hour, then turn the oven off and leave it to cook in the heat as the oven cools down for half an hour (so as to prevent the top from cracking. Towards the end of the cooking time, you can add blueberries to the top if you wish.
Remove from the oven and leave to cool at room temperature before refridgerating overnight in the tin.
At its Build developer conference last week, Microsoft made a pair of announcements about Windows development that were more than a little surprising: Windows will support applications developed for iOS and Android.
This immediately felt like a dangerous move. Windows will not be the first operating system to run foreign applications. Famously, IBM advertised OS/2 as a "Better Windows than Windows" in the 1990s, boasting that its platform would run all your existing Windows applications with greater stability and performance. More recently, BlackBerry 10 included support for Android applications, with BlackBerry licensing the Amazon App Store and using it as its gateway to a world of Android-compatible software.
Neither OS/2 nor BlackBerry 10 has made a success of this capability. There are two major problems with supporting foreign applications on a niche platform. The first is straightforward: it removes any incentive for developers to bother with the native platform. Investing in developing for a minor platform is already something of a gamble, and by telling developers "Oh hey, you can just use your existing Win16 or Android program..." as IBM and BlackBerry (respectively) did, you're implicitly sending them a message. "Don't bother learning our platform or writing native apps for it."
It turned out as expected for both platforms. While a few true OS/2 applications were created—and similarly there are some true BlackBerry 10 apps—they're relatively unusual. After all, what's the point? If IBM is going to boast about just how well OS/2 will run Win16 apps and those Win16 apps can be sold both to OS/2 users and to Windows 3.1 users, why would a developer write anything other than a Win16 app?
This capability cedes a lot of control. By being dependent on apps developed for a third-party platform, you give the owner of that third-party platform the power to choose how to evolve its APIs and add new features. This bit OS/2 hard: while IBM was busy promoting how well OS/2 could run 16-bit Windows applications, Microsoft was busy encouraging developers to create new 32-bit Windows applications and end-users to buy the 32-bit capable Windows 95. This new world of 32-bit software wouldn't run on OS/2, and so the big OS/2 feature that IBM heavily marketed was rendered semi-useless. OS/2 found some niche success, but it was ultimately a failure.
Supporting Android apps creates similar risks. If Android software constitutes a major part of a platform's software ecosystem, any changes to Android (new APIs or capabilities, say) that Android software expects to be able to take advantage of have to be replicated. This is, however, tempered by Android's uniquely poor update situation. Most Android phones don't have access to the latest and greatest version of Android or the latest and greatest Android features, so most Android software has to refrain from demanding such capabilities. This means an Android-compatible platform could trail Google's cutting edge by a year or more and still be highly compatible with Android apps.
This is less true of iOS. A platform striving for compatibility with iOS will have to aggressively keep pace with Apple's developments, because Apple's developer community demands nothing less.
These concerns are why the idea of Android apps on Windows was met with what can at best be described as confusion when it was first rumored last year. It seemed like Microsoft was simply preparing to make the same mistakes others had made before, one last-ditch effort to prop up its phone platform.
The way Microsoft presented the Android and iOS support on stage last week wasn't particularly encouraging. The way that Projects Astoria and Islandwood—the codenames for Android and iOS app support, respectively—were promoted in the keynote presentation, one might think that the Android and iOS support were pretty solid substitutes for the Universal Windows Apps that are native to Windows 10 on all the hardware form factors it will support. It seemed like porting apps from those platforms would be an effective alternative to any plans to develop native Windows applications.
The risk that Astoria and Islandwood will further diminish native Windows development is certainly real. The repercussions of this support could be every bit equivalent to IBM making OS/2 compatible with Win16 software, or BlackBerry 10 promoting the Amazon App Store. But the situations are not completely equivalent. While it's certainly not certainty, one can see how things might turn out differently for Microsoft than they did for IBM and BlackBerry.
Inside Astoria
Astoria and Islandwood are superficially similar, but their underlying technology and implementation is very different. For developers, Astoria is probably the more straightforward. Windows has long included the ability to support multiple API families through a feature called subsystems. The Win32 API that almost all Windows software (including Universal Windows apps) use is obviously the biggest and best known of these APIs, and in modern versions of Windows are in fact the only API. But historically, there have been others. The very first versions of Windows NT included, of all things, an OS/2 subsystem that supported certain kinds of OS/2 applications. It was a relic of history, a product of Microsoft and IBM's once cooperative operating system development.
Windows also included a POSIX subsystem. POSIX is the IEEE-standardized API that essentially defines the Unix API. Operating systems such as Solaris, Linux, OS X, and AIX all implement POSIX or some close approximation thereof. Windows NT included POSIX support because US government regulations at one time required it. Unlike the OS/2 subsystem, the POSIX subsystem was maintained and even expanded for many years, first by third parties (Interix) and later by Microsoft. The Interix tools were bought by Redmond and variously rebranded as Services For UNIX (SFU) and the Subsystem for UNIX Applications (SUA).
The OS/2 subsystem was dropped in Windows 2000. The POSIX subsystem was an optional Windows component as recently as Windows 7, though it isn't supported in Windows 8. However, the underlying operating system components to support subsystems are still there and still functional, and Project Astoria takes advantage of this. It introduces a new Windows subsystem: the Android subsystem.
The Android subsystem implements a subset of Android's APIs on Windows. This subsystem offers Android-style APIs for things like filesystem access, graphics, access to sensors and the camera, process and thread creation, security, and networking, leveraging the Windows kernel to provide these core services.
The specific set of supported APIs hasn't been published or finalized yet, but it's likely to be a mix of three things, reflecting the way Android is built. Android has a Linux kernel and a handful of open source native libraries that native code apps can use, a set of open source Java APIs that Java apps use, and another set of proprietary Java APIs that tie in to Google services, collectively known as Google Mobile Services (GMS). The first two of these are included in AOSP, the Android Open Source Project. The third is not.
For the open source parts, Microsoft can, in principle, use the open source code in its implementation, presenting apps the same Java APIs that they expect, but redirecting to Windows services as appropriate. The Android sharing API, for example, can be plumbed in to Windows' sharing system. For GMS, using the source isn't an option. Instead, Redmond has produced workalikes for at least some of the GMS APIs. For example, GMS includes APIs for in-app purchases and location services, and Microsoft has developed counterparts backed by its own services.
The new subsystem will be a preinstalled, built-in part of Windows Mobile, the new (and very old) name used for the Windows version that runs on phones and small screen tablets. It's only for ARM processors. Other versions of Windows won't include it.
The developer experience for Astoria is very similar to the regular Android developer experience. Devs will continue to use Android development environments, such as Eclipse or IntelliJ, and they will continue to produce Android app packages: APK files.
Apps that use only the subset of AOSP APIs that the subsystem supports will not, in principle, need any changes. In fact, the existing APK that's already distributed to Android users should work without requiring any recompilation or modification at all. Apps that use GMS APIs will need some changes so that they reference Microsoft's workalikes instead of Google's code.
Microsoft is also offering some Windows-specific APIs to give Android apps access to features such as Live Tiles. Naturally, developers will need to make code changes to take advantage of these APIs. These are limited, though, and Android apps won't have full access to all the underlying Windows capabilities.
Microsoft won't be going the BlackBerry route of supporting the Amazon App Store on Windows. Instead, Android developers will have to submit their APKs to the Windows store. The store will verify that they don't use any unsupported APIs and then wrap the APK in a Windows AppX package.
AP Images If you want good investment performance, forget you have an account.
On this week's Masters in Business program on Bloomberg Radio, Barry Ritholtz talks with James O'Shaughnessy of O'Shaughnessy Asset Management.
Ritholtz and O'Shaughnessy spend much of their discussion talking about the ways people screw themselves when investing, because nothing gets in the way of returns quite like someone who thinks they have a great idea.
O'Shaughnessy discusses a number of interesting analyses he has done with regard to the length of holding periods (spoiler: the shorter you hold a stock, the more likely you are to lose money) among other things.
But O'Shaughnessy relays one anecdote from an employee who recently joined his firm that really makes one's head spin.
O'Shaughnessy: "Fidelity had done a study as to which accounts had done the best at Fidelity. And what they found was..."
Ritholtz: "They were dead."
O'Shaughnessy: "...No, that's close though! They were the accounts of people who forgot they had an account at Fidelity."
There are numerous studies that explain why this happens. And they almost always come down to the fact that our minds work against us.
Because of our behavioral biases, we often find ourselves buying high and selling low.
Ritholtz also follows with some of his experiences in estate planning, where a family fighting over some inherited assets might not touch them for say 10 or 20 years while they work out the problem, and later find that those 10 or 20 years are the best period of performance.
The absolutely terrible investment decisions that people make are something that just can't be emphasized enough.
We recently highlighted this chart from Rich Bernstein that shows just how terrible you are at investing: don't forget it.
From Zumba to salsa, dance-based fitness classes are everywhere. But how do dancers and ballerinas themselves stay in shape? Here we speak to leading ladies at some of London's top shows to get their insider fitness tips.
1. Use the plank to tighten and tone. ‘A simple plank every day is very good for your whole body to strengthen. Just one minute during the whole day. You can also build up to two minutes when you feel you are getting fitter and stronger,' explains Tierney Heap, a dancer in the Royal Opera House's corps de ballet.
2. Try juicing. Charlotte Gooch, who plays Penny in Piccadilly Theatre's Dirty Dancing, fills her fridge with vegetables, salad, eggs, and yogurt. But her secret is juicing. ‘I have recently become a big fan. It's great for energy levels, provides lots of vitamins and nutrients, and doesn't pile on the pounds,' she says.
3. Sample pilates, the exercise of choice. ‘Pilates is a particularly useful part of my training. I would recommend it for dancers and non-dancers alike. Starting the day off with pilates gets me energised and gets my body centred,' says Darcel Frederick-Osei, a dancer in The Lion King at the Lyceum Theatre.
4. Or brave a bit of Bollywood. Carol Furtado, a lead dancer in Merchants of Bollywood at Sadler's Wells, recommends Bollywood dancing. It's ‘a high energy fitness workout – great cardio – that has you sweating in no time. It's also a great deal of fun, which is more important because if people don't enjoy their workout session, they're more likely to slack off.'
5. Tone the bum with squats. Amy Thornton, dance captain of Matilda The Musical at the Cambridge Theatre, notes that running after 29 kids definitely keeps her fit. But recently, she's become obsessed with squats. ‘I'm determined to get a J.Lo bum. I like to do three sets of 20 every day. If I'm feeling extra hardcore, I will tie a resistance band around my legs, just above the knee. It's a killer.'
6. Chill tired muscles. Tierney stresses the importance of handling any pain or niggles. ‘Tired muscles must be treated with massages as often as you can. I like to put my legs in a huge bucket of ice and cold water for 12 minutes – painful, but worth it. Lying down with your legs up to drain them is another way of treating sore calves,' she says.
7. Start the day with porridge. Darcel prepares hers on the stove top. ‘I don't like microwave packets. And I use water instead of milk because it makes it lighter. I add honey and cinnamon, then I chop a banana on top.'
8. Enjoy cinnamon. Carol begins her day with black coffee to energise her metabolism. She also turns to spice. ‘I like to nibble on cinnamon sticks as I enjoy its zingy flavour. It prevents me from snacking between meals and my metabolism benefits from the boost.'
9. Incorporate protein. Several of the dancers focus on protein in the evenings. Darcel recommends turkey breast steaks as they cook quickly. She pans fries them with olive oil, chopped onion, and light soy sauce. ‘I have that with boiled and sliced sweet potato and steamed broccoli.'
10. Add in wheatgrass. ‘Every morning I have a shot of wheatgrass. I have a busy work schedule, and so I find it keeps my immune system strong, my energy levels high. It's full of nutrients and great for our digestive systems,' says Amy. She adds it to a smoothie, or to a glass of water when running late. ‘Be warned: it's not exactly the nicest of tastes!'
11. Try some ballet moves. It's no surprise that full-time dancers spend their days dancing. ‘We start with half an hour barre, into centre exercises including, pirouettes, adage, and then into jumping,' says Tierney. If you want to incorporate dancing fitness into your life, try one of London's many classes, such as Ballet-tone, barrecore, BalletBeFit or City Academy.
12. And have fun. ‘Challenge yourself. Take a dance class. They aren't just for professionals. It's all about finding things that excite you so you look forward to doing it,' says Darcel.
Danae Mercer is a freelance journalist. Follow her @DanaeMercer.
The UN human rights expert on Iran has painted a bleak picture of rights abuses in the Islamic Republic.
Ahmed Shaheed said human rights activists are beaten with batons, raped, deprived sleep and undergo mock hangings among other things.
Shaheed said Iran has executed at least 223 people over the first half of 2012, most for drug-related offensives.
Shaheed also condemned Iran's reliance on stoning as a form of punishment.
Shaheed said Iran is now cracking down on Internet users, with 19 bloggers and Internet commentators now detained, with four of them sentenced to death in January after being accused of "enmity against God" and "corruption on earth."
"Sakhi Righi" was sentenced to 20 years in prison for "publishing false information" and "committing acts against national security" in what is believed to be the harshest sentence yet to a blogger in the country.
Iran is also cracking down even more on websites deemed to be promoting "terroristic, espionage, economic or social crimes."
Shaheed also reported that at least 150 journalists have fled the country since the contested 2009 reelection of President Mahmud Ahmadinejad.
Shaheed said Iran has detained more journalists than any other nation on the planet.
The Committee to Protect Journalists, cited by Shaheed, counted 179 reporters, editors and photojournalists jailed in Iran in December, 2011.
Shaheed said his report is based in part on 99 interviews conducted with individuals inside and outside Iran between February and June.
Iran's UN mission was unavailable for comment.
When the report was being prepared in March, Iran's Foreign Ministry said Shaheed was relying on statements from "terrorists."
The document will be the basis for a UN General Assembly resolution critical of Iran's human rights violations.
That resolution should come up for a vote in December.
Based on AP and Reuters reporting
I include in this long-term update the template I mainly use with the tradingview platform that includes my KAMA average with deviation lines tuned for XBTUSD currency pair.
You can see that this currency cross is entering an interesting resistance zone ranging from 3200 to 3900 dollars; I included in the chart also the 2 months VWAP average and the 1 year too.
The average VWAP at 2 months is slightly above the 5 periods KAMA average while the 1-year VWAP is slowly rising and has come close to the negative deviation lines, around 1260 dollars.
It will be interesting to see the behavior of the next few weeks to see if this rise is just a spike or a solid trend, in the latter case it could mean that this year we could also see prices over 4000$, to understand this we will have to wait at least four weeks or this month.
Price range for this week is 2950$-3450$ with ALMA average firmly up and the RSI oscillator not yet overbought.
Advertisements
Tusk suggested in an article for the German newspaper "Welt Am Sonntag" that Berlin may need to play a leadership role in ensuring the EU's external borders are properly protected. His message to Chancellor Angela Merkel was that the EU's security needs may be different from Germany's.
"I understand if Germany, for historical reasons has difficulty, implementing a strict regime on its (own) borders," he was quoted as saying.
But the EU Council President said "Germany's leadership responsibility within the EU also requires it to protect the external European borders decisively if necessary, in accordance with pan-European unity."
Tusk was full of praise for the readiness of the German government to accept hundreds of thousands of migrants, describing Berlin's action as "the most liberal and tolerant in European history."
Tusk was due to hold talks on Sunday evening with German Chancellor Angela Merkel as he faced pressure from East European countries for Brussels to better police the 28-nation bloc's external borders - and not just focus on the reception of new refugees.
Germany has seen 758,000 asylum-seekers arrive between January and October this year, which has caused a political backlash for Merkel.
EU leaders are due to attend a fifth migrant crisis summit following the EU-Africa conference in Malta on Wednesday. The discussion is also expected to focus on migration.
On the agenda, will be the implementation of a scheme to distribute 160,000 refugees within the EU, increased cooperation with Turkey and the setting up of transit zones to process asylum applications faster at the bloc's external borders.
Spread the burden
Tusk is also due to call for a greater global response to the crisis at the G20 summit in Turkey in mid-November.
As many thousands of migrants enter Europe by crossing the Aegean and Mediterranean seas, the EU's external borders are seen as being too porous.
Meanwhile on Saturday, Britain's Channel 4 news reported on the growing number of migrants attempting to reach the Greek island of Lesbos before winter sets in.
Around 135,000 refugees arrived in Lesbos in October, it said, quoting figures from the United Nation's refugee agency UNHCR. Over the past month, the data reveals that the number of Afghan migrants has more than doubled to 40 percent of the total number of arrivals.
Greek authorities rescued several hundred migrants from the Aegean Sea off eastern Greek islands on Saturday, despite in relatively calm waters. But a two-to-three-year-old boy was found dead, possibly from drowning. Local aid agencies said none of the families who arrived on the island had reported a missing child.
mm/jm (AFP, Channel 4 News, Reuters, Welt am Sonntag)
Of all the economic dynamics buffeting the American middle class, immigration might seem the easiest to explain: as millions of poor immigrants from Latin America poured illegally into the country seeking work, the conventional wisdom goes, they competed with more expensive American workers, displacing them from their jobs and undercutting their wages.
A closer look at big issues facing the country in the 2012 Election.
This understanding of immigration helped propel a vast increase in the Border Patrol's budget over the last two decades to stop immigrants on their way in. It was the rationale for proposals to build a long, tall fence along the southern border. President Obama, who in 2008 said he would push for a law that would grant many of these immigrants legal access to jobs in the United States, instead deported a record number of immigrants working here illegally.
But this explanation of the impact of immigration is mostly wrong.
For years, economists have been poring through job market statistics looking for evidence that immigrants undercut less-educated Americans in the labor market. The most recent empirical studies conclude that the impact is slight: they confirm earlier findings that immigration on the whole has not led to fewer jobs for American workers. More significantly, they suggest that immigrants have had, at most, a small negative impact on the wages of Americans who compete with them most directly, those with a high school degree or less.
Meanwhile, the research has found that immigrants – including the poor, uneducated ones coming from south of the border — have a big positive impact on the economy over the long run, bolstering the profitability of American firms, reducing the prices of some products and services by providing employers with a new labor source and creating more opportunities for investment and jobs. Giovanni Peri, an economist at the University of California at Davis, estimated that the wave of immigrants that entered the United States from 1990 to 2007 increased national income per worker by about $5,400 a year on average, in 2007 dollars. He also concluded that the wave had a small positive impact on the average wage of American workers, by lifting the overall economy. If immigrants hurt anyone, it was the previous cohort of immigrants, with whom they most directly compete in the labor market.
These conclusions may seem to fly in the face of the laws of supply and demand. But they are not quite so odd. They can become obvious, in fact, once we take into account the response of American companies, and workers, to the inflows of cheap foreign labor.
The belief that immigration would simply displace American workers relies on the assumption that employers would do nothing but replace their costly domestic labor force with cheap imports. But that's not typically what happens. For one thing, immigrants and domestic workers are not identical. Even the least-educated Americans are likely to be more fluent in English — better at talking with bosses or communicating with customers. When a contractor in Fresno expands into roofing, it will not just need a bunch of cheap immigrant roofers. It will also need an American supervisor and maybe an extra clerk.
Faced with a new, different pool of workers, companies often invest to reap the higher profits that the labor allows. Contractors, for instance, will be able to take on projects that would not have been profitable paying higher wages to domestic workers – like the roofing example in Fresno. This provides new opportunities for immigrants and for more highly paid domestic workers alike.
Mr. Peri and Chad Sparber of Colgate University found that American workers in states with large shares of less-educated immigrants gravitate toward occupations like cashiers and bank tellers, waiters or sales floor clerks, which require more communications skills. Foreigners, in turn, stick to manual tasks and physical labor. By encouraging this specialization and capital investment, immigration contributes to productivity growth.
In other words, immigration can produce domestic jobs. Restaurants are much less common in Norway than the United States because Norway lacks the cheap labor — making a dinner out in Oslo prohibitively expensive. In many New York restaurants, the American waiters and hosts owe their jobs to the underpaid illegal immigrants in the kitchen, whose low wages allow the restaurant to exist. The vast agricultural industry in the Central Valley of California might not exist without cheap immigrant farmworkers who make it profitable.
There are victims of immigration. Immigrants can displace domestic workers – before business investment starts rising and creating new jobs. This is particularly notable in economic downturns, when demand and business investment are depressed. Some displaced workers may not be able to fit in the reconfigured labor market, even if new investments kick in and the economy as a whole benefits. A 50-year-old American janitor with no high school degree may find it hard to make the transition to another job when immigrants move into the building maintenance business.
This dynamic potentially causes a small negative impact on the wages of less-skilled workers – but it's also possible that this impact is positive. A study by Mr. Peri and Gianmarco Ottaviano of Bocconi University in Milan concluded that the immigration wave into the United States from 1990 to 2006 changed the wages of American workers with no high school degree by somewhere from minus 0.1 percent to plus 0.6 percent.
But over the long term, most less-skilled American workers are likely to benefit. Immigrant workers, in fact, may help their American peers resist the forces of globalization and technological progress that have been walloping the American middle class.
Those nostalgic for strawberry fields harvested by well-paid Americans ignore the fact that without the cheap foreigners, there might not be American strawberry fields. Chances are, it would be cheaper to import the strawberries. When the bracero program ended in the 1960s, tomato growers in California responded to the sudden shortage of Mexican immigrant farmworkers by deploying a new mechanical harvester and a tomato that could be cut by machine.
These days, the problem of low-wage immigration seems academic. Since the financial crisis in 2009, poor immigrants from Latin America have been mostly leaving the United States, unable to find a decent job here. American workers might want them back. “If some firms don't expand because this labor isn't there,” Mr. Peri says, “they will create fewer jobs for native workers.”
Excerpt: "I love this country. I love everything about what it means. But I also embrace the other side of it, and in doing so, it's incumbent upon me as a citizen to want to help fix it."
Michael Moore. (photo: unknown)
Michael Moore: 'American Exceptionalism Is the Death of Us'
By Jake Coyle, Associated Press
ike's Happy Movie" was the working title of Michael Moore's latest documentary, "Where to Invade Next," but few would consider its examination of American ills — from runaway college tuition to mass incarceration — the stuff of bubbly, feel-good delight.
Yet "Where to Invade Next," in which Moore plunders foreign (mostly European) ideas like Italy's government-mandated vacation or Portugal's decriminalized drug use to bring back home to America, has an unmistakable whiff of hope.
Yes, Moore, that passionately voluble critic and left-wing icon, is feeling a wind at his back. Moore's first film in six years, he says, was partly inspired by change he's witnessed in recent years, from the Occupy Wall Street movement to the success of marriage equality.
In "Where to Invade Next," which Moore is currently shopping for distribution, he travels to various countries seeking smarter ways to educate, police and work. "Instead of sending in the Marines," he says in the film, "send in me."
In an interview following the movie's Toronto International Film Festival premiere, the 61-year-old filmmaker weighed in on Hilary Clinton ("a decent soul with a great sense of humor"), Bernie Sanders ("a bit of a crank") and where he got his international outlook growing up in northern Michigan ("I blame Canada").
AP: Your film suggests American chest-thumping has blurred its vision.
Moore: This concept of American exceptionalism is the death of us. We know personally it does none of us any good walking around going "Yeah! Yeah!" That's not the path to self-improvement. I mean, you can like yourself, and I do. I love the fact that I'm an American. I love this country. I love everything about what it means. But I also embrace the other side of it, and in doing so, it's incumbent upon me as a citizen to want to help fix it.
AP: Does this film signify some optimistic shift in you?
Moore: I am crazily optimistic about things getting better and people having the power to do that and making it better. But remember, I'm a filmmaker and my first concern is always to make a great movie. If I don't make a great movie, then the politics are what? Nothing's going to come of it because no one's going to be watching my movie.
AP: Do you think the protest spirit of America has waned?
Moore: The month before the Iraq War began — that one Saturday — there were millions of people in the streets in towns all over America. Largest collective demonstration in the history of the United States. One month later, it didn't stop the war. And when it didn't, people just kind of gave up and there weren't large-scale demonstrations after that. People just can't give up so easily here. Things take time.
AP: What are your thoughts on the presidential race?
Moore: I think it's going to be very interesting. And I think it's really too early to tell what's going to happen. I know people are worried about Donald Trump, but what you have to understand about Trump, first of all, is that he's a performance artist. ... There will come a point here, this year, where people go: OK, we've had enough of this performance art.
AP: You're involved with movie theaters in Michigan. Do you still believe in the theatrical experience?
Moore: This is our one populist art form. It's the one thing everybody can still sort of do no matter what their economic status is. You can't go to music anymore. If you're a working person or if you're poor, you can't go to a concert anymore because it costs hundreds of dollars now to get a ticket. You can't go to an NBA game. You can't go sit in the bleachers at Yankee Stadium for five bucks. Those days are over.
AP: Do you worry that many conservatives won't consider seeing your film — that you will merely preach to the choir, so to speak?
Moore: I think why I upset Fox News and the right wing so much is because I'm one of the few people on the left that has crossed over into mainstream America that has a large audience in Middle America. And that drives them crazy because the left is supposed to be out there on the left wing of the limb on the tree. And I don't live out there, I live here. I reach millions and millions of people, and that's a threat to them.
Will I reach that 20 percent way over on the right? No. But I'm not trying to reach them. I'm doing what I wish more people in television and movies would do, where everyone — they're broadcasters — is trying to reach a broad audience, and in doing so, you have to mollify the message. ... By the time it's over, what we have is mostly mediocre movies and mediocre television. And it's only those TV shows and movies that say, "To hell with that. I'm going to give this to you from the heart, from the gut and let the chips fall." Those are the great movies. Those are the great TV shows.
Hundreds of students at the University of Saskatchewan could be tested for tuberculosis after a student was diagnosed with the infectious lung disease.
University officials have released little information about the case and haven't said if the student is male or female, but have said the student is in hospital and is responding well to treatment.
There are about 600 classmates at the university who will have to be tested. That is scheduled to happen next week.
More people could be added to the list, depending on whom the student was in contact with.
The Saskatoon Health Region issued a news release Friday, confirming that a student had fallen ill and that testing of other students would be taking place.
According to the region, students who should be tested will receive a letter -- via email -- telling them about testing that will be available on campus beginning Monday and continuing through Thursday, with results expected before the end of next week.
Students who test negative will also be given a second test in eight weeks as a precaution.
Israel does not issue stamps labeling some people as second-class citizens, but a new social media campaign by Arab Israelis to protest the government's proposed “Jewish state” bill makes it look like Jerusalem is doing just that.
Artists Haitham Charles and Sana Jamalieh designed a mock official state stamp bearing the words “second class citizen” in Hebrew; encircled by the words State of Israel and the national emblem of the menorah and olive branches.
The mockup has gone viral on Facebook pages of Arab Israelis, who superimpose the image over their profile pictures as a way of agitating against the bill.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Charles told Arab Israeli news website Al-Hayat, “A friend suggested that we design a sticker in response to the terrible situation. We laughed and said: ‘All we need right now is for the new state seal to be stamped on our foreheads.' That's when we decided to invent this stamp.”
On Sunday, the cabinet approved a list of measures to be included in new legislation, drafted by right-wing parliamentarians, defining Israel as the nation-state of the Jewish people and enshrining its Jewish symbols in law.
Senior ministers Tzipi Livni and Yair Lapid have threatened to bolt the coalition if Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu advances the law next week.
The bill was also criticized on Tuesday by President Reuven Rivlin, a former Likud MK and speaker of the house, and on Wednesday Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said he supported Israeli lawmakers who were opposing the measure.
Critics of the bill say the measure, which guarantees equal rights for all Israel's citizens, would serve to further alienate Israeli Arabs from Israeli society.
Hanin Majadli, a 25-year-old Arabic literature student at Tel Aviv University, changed her profile picture to include the new stamp.
“It's a brilliant campaign,” said the Baqa Al-Gharbiyah native, who created a popular Facebook page geared at teaching Israeli Jews colloquial Arabic. “It's dramatic, it's in your face, it's provocative in a good sense. I also agree with the statement carried in it.”
Majadli said that Facebook campaigns have limited power to directly affect change, but can draw media attention which in turn could influence policymakers. “It's better than just having members of Knesset talk on the podium all day,” she said
“I don't think any [Israeli] Arab ever placed much hope in the Arab members of Knesset,” she said. “As far as we're concerned, they have no influence.”
None of Majadli's Arab friends were surprised by the new draft bill, she said. “It's not like we woke up one morning and said ‘No, what is this law all about? The reality which we've always experienced is simply taking official form now. Before, it merely existed in government policy and in the Declaration of Independence. Since the establishment of the state Arabs were always second-class citizens by the mere fact they live in the Jewish nation-state.”
The typical reaction of her friends was “‘When were we ever anything else?' or ‘Who's surprised'?” she said.
Sana Jamalieh, the project's co-initiator, posted a photo of herself with the new stamp below the caption “Celebrating my old (but official) state: second-class citizen!” She also added a Hebrew hashtag with the same words.
Unlike Majadli, she had no hope of changing reality through the Facebook campaign. “I don't expect to achieve anything by this symbol, I just wanted to make fun of the situation,” she told Arab Israeli news website Panet in an interview Tuesday, also posting the blue stamp on a black and white photo of her cat, Salma.
The fact that the stamp features in Hebrew (and English) but not Arabic is noteworthy. It could be interpreted as a cry of frustration directed at Jewish society, in a country where citizenship is increasingly being linked with the majority ethnicity.
“We did it to reflect the government's tendency and portray the new reality,” Charles, a Gender Studies student at Tel Aviv University, told Al-Hayat. “We weren't trying to be politically correct.”
Essendon have emerged as the likely destination for three players who our PAV ratings think, for different reasons, are a bit of a risk and are rating them lower than conventional wisdom may have it. The Dons seem to have identified, and made themselves the preferred home for, three players available for potentially less than they'll end up producing.
Devon Smith
Devon Smith had a flying start to his career at GWS, rarely missing games across his first four years. However in his last two he's missed 17 games with knee complaints, struggled with back issues, and was famously omitted from the finals this year due to match fitness, left out favour of a statue replica of Stevie J.
After his stellar 2015 season (with 16 PAVs, he could be considered to on the fringes of the AA squad), Smith's rise to the elite level of small forwards who could pitch in the midfield was considered a mere formality. However, the aforementioned injury issues have put the dampeners on that. Having produced less than 10 PAVs in each of the last two hobbled years, Smith is projecting as poorly as he has at any stage of his career, expected to give another 39 PAV of value. This would be about 4 years of similarly hobbled output or a bit over two years of his best work, equal to pick 35 – with a “fair” range up to about 50 PAVs and pick 24.
It's unlikely Smith will hit this exact average by the time he's done. At HPN, we are keen observers of GWS and have long been fans of the Devonstater. His prior record suggests he's capable of much more, and if his knees get right then he'll overperform this expectation significantly. However, players with promising careers do crash out of the league with injuries, knees are always a worry, and this risk of this is being factored in thanks to his interrupted 2016 and 2017.
Smith is temporarily out of favour, having been omitted from a finals team and struggled for gametime. For GWS, the rise of Toby Greene and Josh Kelly in similar roles has rendered him more surplus to requirements than thought just a couple of years ago, despite his still lofty potential. Essendon have pounced at the right moment and their 2nd round pick (28) probably looks about right in exchange for Devon.
…except that Essendon have several deals to arrange, not just securing Devon Smith.
Jake Stringer
Jake Stringer was an All-Australian in 2015, in what PAV rated as clearly his best season. After that season, the Dogs could have easily asked for a top 3 pick in exchange for Stringer, and perhaps the number one pick outright.
Since then, injury and form have prevented him from getting back to those lofty heights. Stringer wasn't really a standout in their premiership run (remember, he was dropped during that season) and now, racked by scandal and allegations of being a “shit bloke” who derailed the club's premiership defence, he's looking for a new home.
Like Smith above, Stringer's value has declined significantly in the last two years, albeit from a higher base than Smith started at. Stringer is projecting to give another 61 PAVs of output, which would barely be four years of his AA-level 2015 output. It's about the same expected value of the average career of a pick 17. The question marks around Stringer, as well as his injury issues, are also about all off-field factors and the fact that the Dogs really don't want him around and are probably bluffing about keeping him.
With pick 17 looking about even money, Essendon's first round pick of 11 does shape as plausible value if generous for Stringer, even on recent output. If a new environment and fresh start is all Stringer needs then it might end up looking like unders for a bloke who's still quite young and has an AA-quality season in his past. However, it seems pretty unlikely that the Bombers are thinking about parting with that pick for him. As with Smith, they've jumped on a guy they can probably dislodge at the nadir of his value.
Adam Saad
Adam Saad was a mature aged rookie pickup, so for Gold Coast anything they've gotten from him has been a bonus, and they seem like they are being pretty compassionate about letting him go back home to be with his large family.
It's also hard to tell how good Saad actually is. Playing for a terrible side, his defensive PAV score (most of his worth) has scaled appallingly, and more prosaically it's hard to know how he'll go at a better side. Much of Saad's value depends on having the ball in his hands to do damage with leg speed off the half back line – in a better team, he will likely have less opportunity to do that.
Playing every game this year he was, by PAV's estimations, Gold Coast's 9th most valuable player. Saad projects to about 50 PAVs from here, which works out to roughly the average career value of of pick 24.
This, again, suggests Essendon's 2nd round pick of 28 is around the mark.
With Smith and Stringer, there's temporary question marks around players with prior really good records. With Saad, he's pretty much a known quantity – a solid half back role player, so this does limit the value he has at the trade table. Unlike Smith or Stringer, it doesn't seem like Saad has the capability to become an All-Australian level talent, or drift into the midfield, which is where the Dons really need some help.
Aaron Francis
Going the other way from Essendon is Aaron Francis, a former pick 6 wants to go back to South Australia. Having played 5 games in two years, he's got basically no exposed record. A simple projection based off this output has him barely playing another game:
Instead, we're probably better off looking at his draft pick as a source of residual value. Having only played for two years, he's still got some of the aura of having been a pick 6, of Essendon having paid a fair bit of potential trade material to get him. A fair look at what he's done might suggest a big discount on that, but we should still start from his pick. We will look at this question in the coming days – watch this space.
Francis looked to have been a project player from the very beginning, an undersized key forward. He started last year with injuries and then it took him 8 VFL games to get a debut in one of the worst sides in recent history. This year, his SEN-Inside Football match reports do not exactly suggest a star forward or midfielder banging down the door of senior selection:
But we do note that Essendon had very good forward and backlines this year, so breaking in would have been difficult.
The question is really how much two years of really indifferent form depreciates the value of a high drafted player. Last year we dropped about 10% after the first two years based on a simple age output curve, which would leave him worth pick 9. That still seems like overs here.
Perhaps a fairer approach would be to split the difference between his original pick PAV projection (of 92.5 PAVs) and his current projection of just over 10 PAVs – which would be valuing Francis as being worth about 51 PAVs or about pick 23. Adelaide have pick 16 and pick 34, Port enters the draft at 29, and all of those are within about 30% either way from a projected PAV of 51.
Like this: Like Loading...
The qualification for this list is that the people were notable in their own right, and not simply because they disappeared, so no Madeleine McCann and the crew of the Mary Celeste. Some were simply accidental. Some have attracted conspiracy theories. One was definitely foul play. In chronological order:
10 Steve Fossett 2007
Steve Fossett, American businessman, aviator and sailor. Disappeared on 3 September 2007 while flying over the Nevada desert. Fossett was the first man to fly solo around the world non-stop in an airballoon. No trace found yet.
9 Richey Edwards 1995
Richey Edwards, member of the Welsh rock band the Manic Street Preachers. Disappeared on 1 February 1995, the day that he and fellow MSP James Dean Bradfield were due to fly to the USA on a promotional tour. His car was found abandoned near the the Severn Bridge (a renowned suicide location), but there was evidence that the car had been lived in, and there have been unconfirmed sightings.
8 Jimmy Hoffa 1975
Jimmy Hoffa, US trade union leader. Disappeared on 30 July 1975 while on his way to meet two Mafia leaders. Many conspiracies abound about his disappearance and final resting place, with the most popular claiming that he is buried beneath the Giants stadium. No confirmed trace ever found.
7 Harold Holt 1967
Harold Holt, Australian Prime Minister. Disappeared on 17 December 1967 while swimming at a surf beach near Portsea, Victoria. Holt was controversial for expanding Australia's role in the Vietnam War. No trace ever found.
6 Glenn Miller 1944
Glenn Miller, American jazz musician and bandleader. Disappeared on 15 December 1944 over the English Channel while en route from England to France to play for troops in recently liberated Paris. No trace ever found.
5 Antoine de Saint Exupéry 1944
Antoine de Saint Exupéry, French aviator and author. Disappeared on the evening of 31 July 1944 over the Mediterranean Sea, while on a reconnaissance flight. An unidentifiable body wearing French colors was found soon after. In 1998 his identity bracelet was found. In 2000 the remains of the aeroplane were found. In March 2008 a former Luftwaffe pilot told a Marseille newspaper that he had engaged and downed a plane in the area where Saint Exupéry\'s plane was found. His story is unverifiable, and has met with criticism from some German and French investigators.
4 Amelia Earhart 1937
Amelia Earhart, American aviator and author. Disappeared on 2 July 1937 (along with her navigator) in the South Pacific, while attempting to circumnavigate the earth. No trace ever found.
3 Roald Amundsen 1928
Roald Amundsen, Norwegian explorer. Disappeared on 18 June 1928 with 5 others in a plane crash in the Barents Sea while searching for the team of a fellow-explorer Umberto Nobile. A pontoon improvised into a life raft was found, suggesting that at least some of the group had survived the crash.
2 Ambrose Bierce 1914
Ambrose Bierce, American journalist and author. Disappeared in Mexico some time after 26 December 1913 while travelling with rebel troops to gain a first-hand perspective of the Mexican Revolution. No trace ever found.
1 Joshua Slocum 1909
Joshua Slocum, Canadian/American sailor and author. Disappeared in the West Indies some time after 14 November 1909 aboard his boat Spray. No trace ever found.
Contributor: astraya
In fact, when President Obama famously stated that marijuana is no more dangerous than drinking alcohol, Jeff Sessions had a notoriously insane meltdown, claiming "It's a mistake. We have seen this experiment before. Lives are at risk." He continues to propagate the demonstrably untrue claim that marijuana is a gateway drug and linked the declining US murder rate to the War on Marijuana. His opinions on marijuana have nothing to do with science, research, or evidence, bur rather reefer madness propaganda of the early 20th century. He is completely backwards and out-of-touch with reality.
Regardless of your opinion of the Obama Administration, he has allowed states to experiment with legal and medical marijuana free of federal interference. Marijuana is illegal according to the US Government and scheduled with heroin and cocaine and LSD as the most dangerous substances on earth with zero noted medical value (a preposterous statement). He has the power to interfere with states that have experimented with legal and medical cannabis, but he hasn't. He has chosen NOT to enforce federal laws banning cannabis and instead respected states' rights, a hallmark of conservatism and the Republican party. The incoming President and his cabinet can reverse this trajectory and enforce federal laws on legal marijuana ventures. They will try to destroy any remnant of legal and medical marijuana that the United States has erected. However, in the absence of strict federal enforcement, states have flourished upon legalization.
System Requirements
Minimum
CPU: Intel i3-3250 / AMD FX-6350 with 4 logical cores
Intel i3-3250 / AMD FX-6350 with 4 logical cores RAM: 6 GB
6 GB HDD: 25 GB
25 GB GPU: NVIDIA GeForceÂ® GTX 650 Ti 2GB / AMD Radeonâ„¢ R9 270x
NVIDIA GeForceÂ® GTX 650 Ti 2GB / AMD Radeonâ„¢ R9 270x OS:WindowsÂ® 7 64-Bit
Recommended
CPU: Intel Core i7-3770 at 3.4 GHz / AMD FX-8350 at 4.0 GHz
Intel Core i7-3770 at 3.4 GHz / AMD FX-8350 at 4.0 GHz RAM: 16 GB
16 GB HDD: 25 GB
25 GB GPU: NVIDIA GeForceÂ® GTX 970 4GB / AMD Radeonâ„¢ R9 280x 3GB
NVIDIA GeForceÂ® GTX 970 4GB / AMD Radeonâ„¢ R9 280x 3GB OS:WindowsÂ® 10 64-Bit
Game was tested with Windows 10 Pro, 16 GB RAM, i5-3570K and Nvidia GTX 680 using Nvidia game ready drivers 368.39.
Graphics settings
When you first start the game, you get dropped straight into a cutscene followed by gameplay - without any interruptions from menus or launchers. The game uses automatic profile, which aims to achieve at 60 frames at your monitor's native resolution. Surprisingly, this worked really well on the tested machine, and combined with Origin's ability to start playing while the game is still downloading, made for a very pleasant and straightforward game experience.
Every setting can be accessed from the game's pause menu. You can choose from five presets - one higher than was previously available during beta - as well as custom profile to change the settings individually. Unfortunately, changing texture or mesh quality requires restarting the game, which means it's necessary even when selecting from the presets. Every setting one could expect to see in a modern game is available, including field of view - especially vital in a fast paced first person game - as well as tons of extra options, permitting you to strike your preferred balance between frame rate and quality - including my personal favorite, resolution scaling. However with custom profile some settings can't be changed, most notably anti-aliasing, more of this later.
Performance analysis
Game is pretty scalable and it's easy to get needed performance even on bit older and weaker hardware. Thanks to resolution scaling, it's possible to fine tune the performance even further.
GPU memory limitation setting was enabled when benchmarked initially. With lower presets the setting doesn't make much difference in performance, but when enabled with higher presets game starts to reduce textures and other VRAM related features to keep the performance up. Disabling it gives visible slowdowns as well as constant spiking with frame times, as the testing hardware was below recommended settings, running with 2 GB of VRAM. Tests ran afterwards has been run with GPU memory limitation disabled.
One big issue I bumped was that pre-rendered cutscenes were out of sync, lagged horribly and kept the frame rate uncapped. Developers seem to be well aware of this particular issue and working on fix.
Image quality
Textures, lighting, reflection, effects, post process, mesh and motion blur also have five quality levels and all presets use them accordingly.
Lowest preset is for users who need all the frames they can get with all the corners being cut to get them - that also being a only way to disable antialiasing at all from games options menu. With normal game starts to look how it was meant to be played and everything from high forward simply raising the numbers for more eye candy with higher end systems, with Nvidia recommending GTX 1080 on Hyper preset.
[compimg]http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_27326.jpg|http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_243253.jpg|864|540|Low preset|Hyper preset[/compimg]
Full resolution: Low, Medium, High, Ultra, Hyper
Preset comparison highlights the differences between reflections and ambient occlusion. Reflections are major part of games aesthetic which is why they are disabled only with the lowest quality setting. Screen space ambient occlusion produces dark highlight around objects, while the horizon based option creates much more visually pleasing visuals - but being visually pleasing does come with performance cost.
Shadow details
With lighting quality, the clearest difference is the shadows details. With the lowest quality all the shadows are really low resolution and some objects do not create any shadows at all. Normal quality already makes a huge difference, higher values raising the resolution and LOD little by little.
[compimg]http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_101489.jpg|http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_139502.jpg|864|540|Low quality|Medium quality[/compimg]
Full resolution: Low, Medium, Hyper
As for performance the average between quality settings seem pretty close, excluding the Hyper quality setting.
Mesh quality
Essentially setting to control LOD. With the lowest quality setting it's easy to bump into characters and models that look like they were ripped from N64 game and standing next to them for few seconds will load the full model.
[compimg]http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_198452.jpg|http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_144057.jpg|864|540|Low quality|Hyper quality[/compimg]
Full resolution: Low, Hyper
Performance difference between the highest and lowest values is actually surprisingly low, so it would be advised to raise the value from low to anything above to avoid those polygons from showing up and things missing from distance.
Texture details
Lowest quality setting drops the resolution of textures to a level that can distract from gameplay. Especially larger textures become blurry pixelated mess which looks slightly what they are supposed to be and big monitors doesn't show anything even though audio from program running still plays. Turning quality to medium already helps a lot.
With hyper quality textures start to blend into the environment, giving huge bump to visual fidelity and it's most definitely the reason for 4 GB VRAM requirement.
[compimg]http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_50716.jpg|http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_263427.jpg|864|540|Low quality|Hyper quality[/compimg]
Full resolution: Low, Hyper
Like stated on performance section, game does feature GPU memory limitation setting which will automatically turn down the quality if their GPU can't handle it. Disabling the option with higher quality settings caused visual stuttering and with hyper setting there was also clear slowdown.
Antialiasing
As it was with the original game, environments have really simple, white and clean visuals, meaning that there will be a lot of areas where aliasing would be clearly visible. It's most likely because of this reason that developers have chosen to have post processing antialiasing enabled with all presets excluding the lowest one. Post processing antialiasing does its job eliminating nearly all aliasing, however it does also make all the fine details lost completely as well as make visuals look a bit blurry.
Antialiasing is also enabled with custom settings and changing it requires modifying configuration file. However after some testing there doesn't seem to be any difference at all when trying to change Deferred value. Changing Post value seems to make same difference with everything above zero. So at the moment, it's possible to disable post processing antialiasing this way as long as reflection quality has been set to low to avoid crashing. It's not an ideal situation and I can't see reason why the antialiasing methods can't be part of custom options.
One possibility is to use resolution scaling. Post processing effects are applied before the scaling is done, meaning that the finer details are kept a bit better.
More full resolution comparisons: None, Deferred and Post maxed, Deferred 1, Deferred 2, Post 1, Post 2, Post 3, 2x Scaling, Ultra preset + 2x Scaling.
Problem with using the scaling is performance. With 2x scaling resolutions dimensions are doubled, meaning that game renders at 4K on 1080p display. That will tank the frame rate to ground. Post processing antialiasing does have some performance impact as well.
FoV
FoV slider is for vertical values. By default it's 60 degrees, which roughly translates to 90 horizontal degrees on 16:9 display which is a really good default. Slider does go all the way up to 90 degrees with the fish eyed look.
[compimg]http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_28126.jpg|http://community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_86/gallery_1116_86_143050.jpg|864|540|60|90[/compimg]
Full resolution: 60, 90
Controls
Starting the game, both keyboard/mouse and controller controls feel familiar to those who played original game. Mouse doesn't seem to have any smoothing or acceleration going on and sensitivity can be changed. Every action can be bound into single key, one of three primary mouse buttons or both.
On controller front, game is fully controller supported with alternative preset and stick placement change. It does require XInput compatible controller, which should cover the majority of controller users on PC, but it would've been nice to see wider support as many big titles have been expanding their support to at least Dualshock 4. Being Origin game also means that Steam Controller does require some fiddling to get to work.
Audio
With volume, it's possible to adjust master and music volume as well as boost the dialogues volume. That should cover majority of audio adjusting needs.
Along with stereo and 5.1 surround switching, it's also possible to select device between speakers, TV and headphones, allowing setting the sound to match what is being used and much more accurate direction of sound.
Conclusion
Situation with antialiasing is a bit disappointing, but as it's still just released PC title it can still change. That aside, Mirror's Edge Catalyst does include all settings required for first person parkouring, plays beautifully with PC and feels nicely familiar for those who played first game.
It's possible to get into Catalyst and play it without knowledge of first game. It does have improvements to make it easier for newcomers including runners vision showing the way instead of just objects being highlighted. It's still worth to give the original game a try as it's usually really cheap and being 7 years old unreal 3 game will run with almost any hardware and most likely with really high settings. Best thing is that no need to wait for remasters on PC and of course PCGamingWiki got you covered with possible problems as well as enhancements with that game as well.
PC Reports are a series of quick first impressions regarding the technical aspects of a PC game. This report was written by PCGamingWiki contributor Marioysikax. For an up to date account of Mirror's Edge Catalyst fixes and improvements, please visit its respective PCGamingWiki article.
SINGAPORE – France's space minister on June 1 urged a redoubled European effort in space research, and specifically in next-generation rockets, in the face of what he said were increased investments by the United States and other major space powers.
Visiting the French and European space agencies' merged launcher directorate in Paris, Thierry Mandon, who is responsible for space policy in the French Ministry of Education and Research, rejected the idea that SpaceX of the United States already had too far an advance in its rocket-reusability program to be matched by Europe.
Asked if Hawthorne, California-based SpaceX's recent multiple successes in landing its Falcon 9 rocket's first stage constituted a decisive step forward in the race to the future, Mandon said:
“They have achieved multiple successes in recovery, which is only the beginning of the process. Now they've got the stages back – very good. The next challenge is: How do you use them again? I don't know if we're too late, or behind, but I do know we need to move forward and Promethee – Prometheus – is a good way to go about this.”
What sometimes passes for French arrogance in translation is often an attempt by French officials to dispel fears – often expressed in the press here — that they are falling behind and that the game, in effect, is over.
This pervasive angst – not limited to Germany — after every SpaceX acrobatic display remains despite the examples in rocket history when today's losers – Europe in the 1970s compared to the United States debuting the space shuttle – end up as winners as the shuttle was withdrawn from the commercial market that Europe's Ariane came to dominate.
Mandon was referring to a reusable, liquid-oxygen, liquid-methane engine that France has been working on, called Promethee. France would like to Europeanize the effort, offering to subcontract major elements to Germany and other European partners in exchange for financial contributions.
Mandon's calling the propulsion system both Promethee, French for Prometheus, and Prometheus presages a French effort this December to persuade European Space Agency governments to fund the new propulsion system.
Jean-Marc Astorg, director of launchers at the French space agency, CNES, said during the Mandon briefing that 5-7 Prometheus engines could power the first stage of a future Ariane rocket, each costing 1 million euros ($1.13 million) apiece, compared to the 10-million-euro cost of the single Vulcain cryogenic engine that now powers the Ariane 5 first stage along with two solid-fueled strap-on boosters.
Vulcain is powered by liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen.
The Ariane 6 rocket – designed to be one-half the cost of Ariane 5 – is on track to a 2020 launch. It will use a single Vulcain as well, with two or four solid-fueled boosters depending on mission requirements. Ariane 6's second stage is powered by the Vinci engine, which is also fueled with liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen.
Astorg has said in the past that one of the things he most admires about the SpaceX Falcon 9 is its design simplicity and specifically its use of a single motor design for the first stage, which uses nine of them, and the second stage, which uses one. That feature alone helps SpaceX reduce costs.
Astorg said France is seeking support in Germany and other European governments for a three-year R&D effort, budgeted at 125 million euros, which would culminate in a prototype engine ready to test in 2019.
Given worries in Europe that Ariane 6 may already be yesterday's story in the global market, Astorg stressed – as did Mandon and CNES President Jean-Yves Le Gall during the briefing – that Prometheus is an R&D program in parallel to, and not in competition with, Ariane 6 and the companion Vega C enhanced small-satellite vehicle.
Astorg said additive manufacturing and other technology-design improvements could cut in half, to five years, rocket propulsion development work that a decade ago would have taken 10 years.
Astorg said CNES and other Prometheus program officials would need to spend considerable time studying how the way liquid methane works in a propulsion system.
David Quancard, director of operations at Airbus Safran Launchers, the prime contractor for Ariane 5 and Ariane 6 and the likely leader of a next-generation rocket effort, said 50 percent of the cost of a rocket propulsion system lies in its industrial procedures.
Reducing production cycles, which Airbus Safran Launchers is already doing with Ariane 6, would be key to future launchers' design as well, he said.
In past years, KDE and GNOME have each had one major annual conference, Akademy and GUADEC, respectively. While these conferences are not run in exactly the same way, the KDE e.V. and the GNOME Foundation boards solicited proposals to host a joint conference for 2009. This new conference will encompass both Akademy and GUADEC to encourage cross-desktop communication and development. Three good proposals were received, and after some consideration by the membership and boards of their respective non-profit councils, the Gran Canaria, Canary Islands, Spain proposal was selected and will be known as the Gran Canaria Desktop Meeting. The event will occur in the first week of July, 2009.
"This is going to be a humongous event. Not the biggest in terms of numbers of attendees or vendor floor, but it's a big event in historic importance -- bringing the two big Free Desktop project conferences together in a joint or co-located week of free exchange of ideas, implementations and of getting work done on each individual project," KDE e.V. vice president Adriaan de Groot told Ars. "The eight and a half days of the conference make it longer than previous events and the breadth of planned activities is impressive as well: it's not just one community conference, or even two together, but also a Free Software event for the entire islands group. That is important for bringing new people into the Free Software desktop community; in turn, that's good for maintaining a vibrant and healthy community in the long-term."
This sentiment is echoed by Behdad Esfahbod, president of the GNOME Foundation. "We're looking forward to having the opportunity to extend those relationships to our KDE colleagues at Akademy/GUADEC," Esfahbod wrote in a statement.
Feedback from within the KDE and GNOME communities has been very positive about this planned event, as it will potentially bring thousands of free desktop developers and enthusiasts to one place to plot, plan, and hack. Additionally, some Linux distributors have been discussing canceling their distro-specific events to send their entire team of developers to the combined event. This event has the right elements in place to make it the biggest developer meeting in the history of FOSS development.
Of course, there are many reasons why this event is going to the Canary Islands, and it's not just because it's warm. The local organization team is pitching in 250,000€ to help cover the costs of the event. FOSS is booming in the Canary Islands, with the schools and governments using FOSS software everywhere. Their commitment to improving the software they use is quite visible in their government's vested interest in this event. The event itself is being organized by their Secretary of Tourism, Technological Innovation and Foreign Trade.
Having attended several free-software developer events in the past, I am certainly looking forward to this one with much anticipation.
Following is a chronology of key events leading up to the killing of former Albuera Mayor Rolando Espinos Sr. and after.
Oct. 17. Alleged big-time drug lord Kerwin Espinosa is arrested in Abu Dhabi.
ADVERTISEMENT
Shortly after the arrest, PNP Director General Ronald dela Rosa relieves Supt. Marvin Marcos as director of Criminal Investigation and Detection Group (CIDG) Region 8 (Eastern Visayas) after he is named by Espinosa as among the police officials involved in drug operations in the region.
Marcos is transferred to CIDG Region 9 but a “high official” intervenes and orders the recall of Marcos. Dela Rosa agrees to Marcos' return to CIDG-8 as he is about to be investigated by the internal affairs division anyway.
Nov. 5. Espinosa's father, detained Albuera, Leyte Mayor Rolando Espinosa, is killed in what CIDG claims as a shootout. Under Marcos' leadership, CIDG-8 conducts predawn operation at the Leyte subprovincial jail in Baybay City to serve a search warrant on the elder Espinosa, whom they suspected to be keeping a gun and “shabu” (methamphetamine hydrochloride) inside his cell.
Sen. Panfilo Lacson brands the shooting death of Espinosa a “clear case of EJK (extrajudicial killing)” as he calls for the resumption of a Senate probe into drug-related deaths.
Nov. 7. On orders from CIDG headquarters in Quezon City, Marcos, chief of CIDG-8, is relieved.
Nov. 10. Dela Rosa orders the administrative relief of policemen involved in the death of the older Espinosa, including Marcos.
The relieved personnel are reassigned to the Personnel Holding and Accounting Unit at Camp Crame so they could attend
the investigation being conducted by Internal Affairs Service (IAS) and other government agencies such as the National Police Commission and the National Bureau of Investigation.
President Duterte says he saw nothing puzzling in the killing of Espinosa. “I will not go there to find fault with the police,” Mr. Duterte says. “I do not even agree that they should be transferred, at least not now, because if you do that, the policemen will not do their work anymore.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Nov. 23. In a testimony before the Senate, the younger Espinosa says that Marcos, director of the CIDG in Eastern Visayas, was on his
payroll, receiving P3 million to fund the election campaign of his wife in May. Marcos denies this.
Nov. 28. Dela Rosa says that a Malacañang kumpare—a sponsor in a wedding, baptism or confirmation—had requested him to reinstate Marcos the first time he was relieved. He declines to name the man, but says he was not the President who he said was his godfather.
Nov. 29. Dela Rosa says “someone higher” ordered him to reinstate Marcos. He declines to identify the high official and says he would divulge to lawmakers in an executive session.
Dec. 1. Sen. Leila de Lima says Christopher “Bong” Go, President Duterte's special assistant, interceded for the reinstatement of Marcos. Go denies the claim.
Dec. 2. Dela Rosa denies Go was the intercessor.
PNP IAS temporarily lifts the restrictive custody order against Marcos and others involved in Espinosa's killing. They are not reinstated but allowed to leave Camp Crame and prepare their documents in filing their counteraffidavits.
On Friday night, President Duterte admits that it was he who ordered Dela Rosa to reinstate Marcos. —Inquirer Research
Source: Inquirer Archives
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Los Ingobernables (Spanish for "The Ungovernables") is a lucha libre, or Mexican professional wrestling, stable, based in the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) promotion. It was formed in April 2014 by La Máscara, Rush and La Sombra and has since become renowned as one of the top antagonistic groups in CMLL history. As members of the group, La Máscara has held the CMLL World Light Heavyweight Championship and the CMLL World Tag Team Championship alongside Rush, while La Sombra has held the NWA World Historic Middleweight and Welterweight Championships. Through CMLL's working relationship with New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), Tetsuya Naito joined the stable in 2015, eventually forming an offshoot group named Los Ingobernables de Japon in the Japanese promotion.
History [ edit ]
Throughout his career in Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), Rush had been presented as a técnico or a "hero" character, but who had also occasionally showed villainous rudo tendencies during his matches. In mid-2013, this part of Rush's storyline was once again brought to the forefront as the crowd reaction to him grew more and more negative,[12][13] leading to him eventually being dubbed "the most hated wrestler in CMLL", despite still officially being a técnico.[14] Rush then formed a partnership with La Máscara, with whom he went on to win the Mexican National Trios Championship and the CMLL World Tag Team Championship.[15][16] Rush then started storyline rivalries with Negro Casas and Shocker,[14][17] as part of which Rush, La Máscara and Titán lost the Mexican National Trios Championship to Casas' La Peste Negra stable.[18] Meanwhile, longtime técnico La Sombra also began experiencing negative fan reactions due to his rival Volador Jr.'s recent turn to the técnico side.[19] The two storylines came together on April 25, 2014, when Rush, La Máscara and La Sombra first attacked Volador Jr. and then the trio of Casas, Shocker and Mr. Niebla.[11][20] Though the three effectively became rudos, with CMLL dubbing Rush and La Sombra in particular as the two most hated men in the promotion's recent history, they refused to acknowledge themselves as such, instead calling themselves "técnicos diferentes".[21] The trio was originally dubbed Los Indeseables ("The Undesirables"),[1][22] before being renamed Los Ingobernables ("The Ungovernables").[23] Officially Los Ingobernables had no leader with the members billed as equals, however, CMLL fans perceived Rush as the leader of the group.[24]
Following the official formation of Los Ingobernables, members of the trio continued their rivalries with Casas, Shocker and Volador Jr. On June 6, La Sombra faced Volador Jr. in a double title match, where the former's NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship and the latter's NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship were both on the line. In the end, following outside interference from both La Máscara and Rush, La Sombra was victorious, becoming a double champion.[25][26] On June 13, Rush and La Máscara lost the CMLL World Tag Team Championship to Casas and Shocker.[27] The rivalries both culminated on August 1 at El Juicio Final, where La Sombra lost the NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship back to Volador Jr., while Rush defeated Casas in a Lucha de Apuestas ("bet match"), forcing him to have his head shaved.[28] In late 2014, Rush began sporadically teaming with his former El Bufete del Amor stablemate Marco Corleone.[29] When Rush broke two bones in his ankle in November,[30] Corleone took his place by La Máscara and La Sombra's side, becoming the fourth member of Los Ingobernables.[2][31] Corleone remained a member of Los Ingobernables even after Rush's February 2015 return.[32]
While he was touring CMLL in May and June 2015, La Sombra's New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) tag team partner Tetsuya Naito was made the fifth member of Los Ingobernables.[33][34] Upon his return to NJPW, Naito formed his own Los Ingobernables offshoot group, named Los Ingobernables de Japon.[6] On September 18, La Sombra was unmasked after losing to Atlantis in a Lucha de Apuestas at the 82nd Anniversary Show.[35] In early November, Rush and La Sombra began having issues with each other, which led to a singles match between the two on November 13, where Rush was victorious. After the match, the two founding members of Los Ingobernables made peace with each other.[36] It later turned out that this was La Sombra's final CMLL match as on November 19 it was announced that he had signed with WWE.[37][38]
Los Ingobernables in January 2017 Founding member Rush representingin January 2017
During the February 19 Super Viernes show, Rush, La Máscara and Corleone faced Atlantis, Valiente and Rush and Corleone's former Bufete del Amor partner Máximo Sexy in a six-man tag team match. After failing to get along with his partners throughout the match, Corleone stood up for Máximo as he was being brutalized by Rush and La Máscara, leading the two to turn on him and kick him out of Los Ingobernables.[39] On March 18 at the 2016 Homenaje a Dos Leyendas, Rush defeated Máximo Sexy in a Hair vs. Hair Lucha de Apuestas with help from his real-life father Pierroth,[40][41] who became the newest member of Los Ingobernables.[42] On April 8, La Máscara defeated Ángel de Oro to win the CMLL World Light Heavyweight Championship.[43] On May 13, the three Los Ingobernables members were defeated by TGR (Rey Bucanero, Shocker and El Terrible) in a six-man tag team match, after which Rush and Pierroth turned on La Máscara and attacked him. After being saved by TGR, La Máscara announced he was quitting Los Ingobernables and challenged Rush to a Lucha de Apuestas.[44] Afterwards, Rush announced Los Ingobernables would continue with him and his father as its only two members.[24] On June 27, after weeks of teasing an alliance between Rush and Rey Escorpión,[45] Escorpión abandoned his Los Revolucionarios del Terror stable and officially joined Los Ingobernables.[46] On September 2, Rush and La Máscara reconciled, after the latter had lost his mask to Rush's real-life brother Dragon Lee.[47][48] Though it was initially left unclear as to what this meant for Los Ingobernables,[49] La Máscara eventually rejoined the stable, once again becoming its third member,[50] following Rey Escorpión's departure from CMLL.[51] On March 17, 2017, at Homenaje a Dos Leyendas, Pierroth lost his mask to Diamante Azul in a Lucha de Apuestas.[52][53]
On May 22, CMLL publicly fired La Máscara because of an incident, where his family had destroyed Último Guerrero's car over backstage politics.[54][55] With CMLL owning the rights to the Los Ingobernables name,[56] La Máscara went on to form his own version of the stable on the Mexican independent circuit, dubbed Ingober Independientes, with his cousin Máximo, who had been fired alongside him, and former Los Ingobernables member Rey Escorpión.[57] Shortly thereafter, Rush and Pierroth began teasing a new third member of Los Ingobernables.[58] At the same time, the two began being accompanied by a man wearing a La Sombra mask.[59][60] In September, Rush and Pierroth, with CMLL's blessing, began taking independent bookings with The Crash promotion, where they reunited with former stablemate La Máscara.[61][62] On February 23, 2018, El Terrible joined Los Ingobernables.
Reception [ edit ]
In April 2016, Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter wrote that the Los Ingobernables concept of having Rush, once a babyface rejected by Arena México crowds, turn heel and "embrace the negative", had made him a "far more effective headliner".[63]
Members [ edit ]
Member Time November 14, 2014 – February 19, 2016 April 25, 2014 – May 13, 2016
September 2, 2016 – May 22, 2017 March 18, 2016 – present June 27, 2016 – September 18, 2016 April 25, 2014 – present April 25, 2014 – November 13, 2015 February 23, 2018 – present May 27, 2015 – present
Timeline [ edit ]
Los Ingobernables de Japon
Member Time Notes November 21, 2015 – present February 20, 2016 – August 20, 2016 November 21, 2015 – present December 10, 2016 – present April 10, 2016 – present November 21, 2015 – present November 21, 2015 – present February 20, 2016
Timeline
Championships and accomplishments [ edit ]
Luchas de Apuestas record [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Los Ingobernables de Japon as being part of Los Ingobernables when teaming with Rush in tag team matches.[68][69][70][71][72][73]
See also [ edit ]
This is Probably a Good Time to Say That I Don't Believe Robots Will Eat All the Jobs …
THE ROBOT TWEETSTORMS by @PMARCA
One of the most interesting topics in modern times is the “robots eat all the jobs” thesis. It boils down to this: Computers can increasingly substitute for human labor, thus displacing jobs and creating unemployment. Your job, and every job, goes to a machine.
This sort of thinking is textbook Luddism, relying on a “lump-of-labor” fallacy – the idea that there is a fixed amount of work to be done. The counterargument to a finite supply of work comes from economist Milton Friedman — Human wants and needs are infinite, which means there is always more to do. I would argue that 200 years of recent history confirms Friedman's point of view.
If the Luddites had it wrong in the early 19th century, the only way their line of reasoning works today is if you believe this time is different from those Industrial Revolution days. That either (a) There won't be new wants and needs (which runs counter to human nature); or (b) It won't matter that there are new wants and needs, most people won't be able to adapt to, or contribute/have jobs in the new fields where those new wants and needs are being created.
While it is certainly true that technological change displaces current work and jobs (and that is a serious issue that must be addressed), it is equally true, and important, that the other result of each such change is a step-function increase in consumer standards of living.
As consumers, we virtually never resist technology change that provides us with better products and services even when it costs jobs. Nor should we. This is how we build a better world, improve our quality of life, better provide for our kids, and solve fundamental problems. Make no mistake, advocating for slowing technological change to preserve jobs equals advocating for the punishment of consumers, and stalling the march of quality of life improvements.
So how then to best help individuals who are buffeted by producer-side technology change and lose jobs they wish they could keep?
First: Focus on increasing access to education and skill development, which itself will increasingly be delivered via technology.
Second: Let markets work ( this means voluntary contracts and free trade) so that capital and labor can rapidly reallocate to create new fields and jobs.
Third: Create and sustain a vigorous social safety net so that people are not stranded and unable to provide for their families. The loop closes as rapid technological productivity improvement and resulting economic growth make it easy to pay for the safety net.
With these three things in place, humans will do what they always do: create things that address and/or create new wants and needs.
The flip side of robots eating jobs.
What never gets discussed in all of this robot fear-mongering is that the current technology revolution has put the means of production within everyone's grasp. It comes in the form of the smartphone (and tablet and PC) with a mobile broadband connection to the Internet. Practically everyone on the planet will be equipped with that minimum spec by 2020.
What that means is that everyone gets access to unlimited information, communication, and education. At the same time, everyone has access to markets, and everyone has the tools to participate in the global market economy. This is not a world we have ever lived in.
Historically, most people — in most places – have been cut off from all these things, and usually to a high degree. But with that access, with those tools in the hands of billions, it is hard to believe that the result will not be a widespread global unleashing of creativity, productivity, and human potential. It is hard to believe that people will get these capabilities and then come up with … absolutely nothing useful to do with them?
And yet that is the subtext to the “this time is different” argument that there won't be new ideas, fields, industries, businesses, and jobs. In arguing this with an economist friend, his response was, “But most people are like horses; they have only their manual labor to offer…” I don't believe that, and I don't want to live in a world in which that's the case. I think people everywhere have far more potential.
There is a consequence to a growing robot workforce. Everything gets really cheap.
The main reason to use robots instead of people to make something is when the robot can make it less expensively. The converse is also true. When people can make something that costs less than what robots can make, then it makes economic sense to use people instead of robots. This is basic economic arbitrage at work. It sounds like it must be a controversial claim, but it's simply following the economic logic.
Suppose humans make widget X profitably at a $10 price to consumer. Robots can make X at a $5 price to consumer.
Economics drive X to be made entirely by robots, and consumers win. But then imagine the owner of the robots cranks X price to the consumer to $20.
Suddenly it's profitable for humans to make X again; entrepreneurs immediately start companies to make X with humans for price $10 again
Robots eat jobs in field X. What follows are that products get cheaper in field X, and the consumer standard of living increases in field X — necessarily. Based on that logic, arguing against robots eating jobs is equivalent to arguing that we punish consumers with unnecessarily higher prices. Indeed, had robots/machines not eaten many jobs in agriculture and industry already, we would have a far lower standard of living today.
Just as increases in consumer goods prices disproportionately hurt the poor, holding back on robots eating jobs would also disproportionately hurt the poor. The same logic applies to trade barriers (import tariffs): These disproportionately hurt poor consumers by inflicting higher consumer goods prices.
Therefore, with rare exceptions, there won't be states where robots eat jobs and products get more expensive. They almost always get cheaper.
A recessionary interlude.
Progressive and smart economist Jared Bernstein has explored the productivity puzzle of robots eating all the jobs (or not). He points out that productivity growth was up 1% last year, and has averaged 0.8% since 2011. But what he really focuses on is the smooth trend that tracks through the numbers.
The trend suggests that the pace of productivity growth has decelerated since the first half of the 2000s. That begs an important question that the robots-are-coming advocates need to answer: Why a phenomenon that should be associated with accelerating productivity is allegedly occurring over a fairly protracted period where the [productivity] trend in output per hour is going the other way?
My own take. We're still coming out of a severe macroeconomic down cycle, the credit crisis, deleveraging, and the liquidity trap. The prevailing pessimistic economic theories — the death of innovation, the crisis of inequality and yes, robots eating all the jobs — will fade with recovery.
(For bonus points, identify the other tech-driven economic force that could explain low productivity at a time of great tech advancement. My nomination — tech-driven price deflation lowers prices, reduces measured GDP and productivity, while boosting consumer welfare.)
Thought experiment: Imagine a world in which all material needs are provided for free, by robots and material synthesizers.
Housing, energy, health care, food, and transportation – they're all delivered to everyone for free by machines. Zero jobs in those fields remain.
Stick with me here. What would be the key characteristics of that world, and what would it be like to live in it? For starters, it's a consumer utopia. Everyone enjoys a standard of living that kings and popes could have only dreamed of.
Since our basic needs are taken care of, all human time, labor, energy, ambition, and goals reorient to the intangibles: the big questions, the deep needs. Human nature expresses itself fully, for the first time in history. Without physical need constraints, we will be whoever we want to be.
The main fields of human endeavor will be culture, arts, sciences, creativity, philosophy, experimentation, exploration, and adventure.
A planet of slackers you say. Not at all. Rather than nothing to do, we would have everything to do. Curiosity, artistic and scientific creativity have full rein resulting in new forms of status-seeking (!).
Imagine 6 billion or 10 billion people doing nothing but arts and sciences, culture and exploring and learning. What a world that would be. The problem seems unlikely to be that we'll get there too fast. The problem seems likely to be that we'll get there too slow.
Utopian fantasy you say? OK, so then what's your preferred long-term state? What else should we be shooting for, if not this?
Finally, note the thought experiment nature of this. Let's be clear, this is an extrapolation of ideas, not a prediction for the next 50 years! And I am not talking about Marxism or communism, I'm talking about democratic capitalism to the nth degree. Nor am I postulating the end of money or competition or status seeking or will to power, rather the full extrapolation of each of those.
This is probably a good time to say that I don't believe robots will eat all the jobs.
Why do I believe that?
First, robots and AI are not nearly as powerful and sophisticated as I think people are starting to fear. Really. With my venture capital and technologist hat on I wish they were, but they're not. There are enormous gaps between what we want them to do, and what they can do.
What that means is there is still an enormous gap between what many people do in jobs today, and what robots and AI can replace. And there will be for decades.
Second, even when robots and AI are far more powerful, there will still be many things that people can do that robots and AI can't. For example: creativity, innovation, exploration, art, science, entertainment, and caring for others. We have no idea how to make machines do these.
Third, when automation is abundant and cheap, human experiences become rare and valuable. It flows from our nature as human beings. We see it all around us. The price of recorded music goes to zero, and the live music touring business explodes. The price of run-of-the-mill drip coffee drops, and the market for handmade gourmet coffee grows. You see this effect throughout luxury goods markets — handmade high-end clothes. This will extend out to far more consumers in future.
Fourth, just as most of us today have jobs that weren't even invented 100 years ago, the same will be true 100 years from now. People 50, 100, 150, 200 years ago would marvel at the jobs that exist today; the same will be true 50, 100, 150, 200 years from now.
We have no idea what the fields, industries, businesses, and jobs of the future will be. We just know we will create an enormous number of them. Because if robots and AI replace people for many of the things we do today, the new fields we create will be built on the huge number of people those robots and AI systems made available. To argue that huge numbers of people will be available but we will find nothing for them (us) to do is to dramatically short human creativity.
And I am way long human creativity.
The chief executive of the Swedish security firm Securitas was declared bankrupt this week after his identity was stolen.
Securitas CEO Alf Göransson had his personal identification stolen at the end of March, when someone applied for a loan in his name, the company said in a statement. The hacker used Göransson's identification to seek a loan of an undisclosed amount, without Göransson's knowledge.
On Monday, the Stockholm District Court declared Göransson bankrupt without informing the CEO prior to its decision, Securitas said. At Göransson's request, the court reversed the decision on Wednesday.
The breach had “no effect on the company, other than that our CEO has been declared bankrupt,” a Securitas spokesperson told Bloomberg on Wednesday. “And that will hopefully only last until later today, depending on how soon they can remove the decision.”
Because the court declared the CEO bankrupt, the Swedish Companies Registration Office de-registered Göransson as Securitas President and CEO. The office will restore the registration.
Advertisement How much does the media affect presidential campaigns? Share Copy Link Copy
It's a common chicken-and-egg question: Does media attention drive poll results? Or do poll results drive media attention? The answer to both is yes.Numerous pundits, political analysts and commentators have attributed candidates' popularity, namely Donald Trump, to the media's incessant coverage of the Republican front-runner.Research from the Washington Post suggests Trump's rise among likely Iowa GOP caucus-goers can only be blamed on the media to a certain extent.According to data from the Internet Archive's Closed Caption Database, Trump was the most-searched candidate of all Republican candidates on Google, taking up between 40 percent and 50 percent of media coverage.There is some evidence showing a correlational relationship between surge in both poll numbers and Google searches, shortly after Trump announced his candidacy in June 2015.The trend, however, fell flat throughout the rest of the summer and fall. The analysis shows in recent months, media does, in fact, drive Google searches up, but not his poll numbers.Moreover, his poll numbers did not appear to drive media coverage.There could be a third factor that influences the media and the polls: everything else.While journalists are inclined to follow their audience's interests and attention, the media alone does not solely influence voter preference.Experts note a social media post can go viral and reach millions without involving a professional journalist.Endorsements from prominent figures and organizations also have shown to be influential.And then there are the candidates themselves, who generate publicity that results in favorability with both the media and the public.Hillary Clinton seems to be the outlier; media coverage has less to do with her popularity in the polls than any other candidate.One political analyst said that could be due to Americans' familiarity with the former first lady throughout the years.The Federal Communications Commission enforces the equal time rule, stating if a radio or TV network gives airtime to one candidate, they must give the same amount to other candidates.But the rule doesn't apply to news programs.While media saturation undeniably affects a campaign, it appears to be a mere correlation and can go both ways.
The vulnerabilities are also present in Blendr, the straight version of the app, according to a security expert who said both apps had "no real security" and were "poorly designed". Fairfax Media is not aware that Blendr has been hacked but the potential was there, according to the security expert. The founder of the apps, Joel Simkhai, conceded both were vulnerable and he was rushing to release a patch to address the issues. He said he had originally been waiting until new architecture was built "within weeks" but was now releasing an update to both apps "over the next few days". In a telephone interview about the vulnerabilities last Friday he said it was news to him about the potential for text chats to be monitored and claimed the company had never experienced a "major breach" in which a large portion of users were affected. "We [do] get people trying to hack into our servers," he said. "That's something that I am aware of and we certainly have a team in place that are working to prevent that." But by Tuesday Mr Simkhai admitted that he was "aware of some vulnerabilities" but he would not talk about them in detail to avoid a hacker exploiting them.
"We are certainly aware of a lot of these vulnerabilities and ... they will be fixed as fast as humanly possible," he said. He could not say how many people had attempted to take advantage of the vulnerabilities but said a website created by the hacker had exploited some of the flaws in Grindr. That website was shut down after Friday's interview with Fairfax Media after he sought legal action. The website, registered on July 14 last year, allowed the hacker to search for any Grindr user regardless of their location, and capitalised on the vulnerabilities to offer other services not designed by the apps. Material seen by this website suggests that a number of Australian users had their Twitter profiles linked to Grindr profiles on the web page, making it easier to find users. At one point, according to sources who saw the website before it was taken down, it listed users' Grindr pseudonyms, passwords, their personal favourites (bookmarked friends) and allowed them to be impersonated, and thus have messages sent and received without their knowledge. At one point, the website also allowed users' profile pictures to be replaced.
It is understood the hacker changed the profile picture of numerous Sydney Grindr users to explicit images. One user who was targeted confirmed they had been banned due to a perceived terms of service violation. It is understood the hacker took advantage of the fact the apps used a personalised string of numbers known as a hash, instead of a user name and password, to log in. The hash is exchanged between users' smartphones so they can communicate with each other but the hacker discovered it could be replaced with another users' hash to enable the hacker to: - Log in as any user
- See the user's favourites
- Change their profile information and profile picture
- Talk to others as the user
- Access pictures sent to the user
- Impersonate a user's "favourite" and talk to them as a friend A security expert - who did not wish to be named because he didn't have Mr Simkhai's permission to analyse his systems - said that the Grindr and Blendr apps "had no real security". They are "very poorly designed ... [with] poor session security and authentication", the expert said. "It wouldn't be too hard to secure this."
The security expert demonstrated with permission of a user how he could log in as them and take over the app. In a statement Mr Simkhai said keeping his platform secure from hackers was a "number one priority". Using technological means and legal actions his company had "blocked the offending website and hacker". "We are diligently monitoring for hacking and we've added dedicated IT security specialists to our team," he said. "In the coming weeks, we'll be rolling out a major security upgrade to our platform." Loading
by
It's called “outrage porn” for a good reason. Like pornography, it provides all of the sensations of a strong emotion without incurring any of the costs (time, relationship building, risk of rejection). It briefly satisfies our need to experience sensation but does not lead to meaningful engagement with anything. It is risk free, and, ultimately, it is an addiction that works against real human interaction.
And I do it. All the time. When I come across something stupid that Ann Coulter said, I forward it to my Facebook feed so that all of my friends can laugh at what stupid things conservatives believe. When I find an obscure news story about the Republican county clerk of some Southern village with 25 people and one Quick Trip, who says that Hillary Clinton is actually an alien impostor from the planet Exxar 4, I'm all over it. “New Republican Foreign Policy,” I announce, as I hit the “share” button. Mission accomplished. Outrage felt.
And this is how 300,000,000 people have managed to construct two mutually exclusive, epistemically self-contained echo chambers that are incapable of interacting with each other except through pointless insults in comment sections. And we are broken.
Don't get me wrong. I'm all for righteous anger. And outrage has its place. There are a number of things happening in the United States right now that I am outraged about. But forwarding inflammatory articles and making fun of people who don't agree with me is not the sort of action that is going to improve anything. This anemic level of human interaction is what got us into the mess we are in. It isn't going to get us out.
Over the Christmas break, I have been reading (among other things) Dietrich Bonhoeffer's masterful theological treatise, The Cost of Discipleship. In this book, Bonhoeffer draws a sharp distinction between “cheap grace” and “costly grace.” The distinction has some relevance for the topic of this post:
Cheap grace is the deadly enemy of our Church. We are fighting today for costly grace. Cheap grace means grace sold on the market like cheapjacks' wares. The sacraments, the forgiveness of sin, and the consolations of religion are thrown away at cut prices. Grace is represented as the Church's inexhaustible treasury, from which she showers blessings with generous hands, without asking questions or fixing limits. Grace without price; grace without cost!
. . . . . . . . . .
Cheap grace is the grace we bestow on ourselves. Cheap grace is the preaching of forgiveness without requiring repentance, baptism without church discipline, Communion without confession…Cheap grace is grace without discipleship, grace without the cross, grace without Jesus Christ, living and incarnate.
Cheap grace is the belief that that we can have the benefits of a relationship with God without accepting the costs of a relationship with God—just as pornography is the attempt to have the physical pleasure of an intimate relationship without accepting the costs of an intimate relationship. What I am calling “cheap outrage,” then, follows from these two analogies: it is the belief that we deserve credit for being against things that we don't like without actually accepting the costs of trying to change them. It is the belief that we have done something to make a situation better without having done anything but make the situation worse.
So, what does “costly outrage” look like? Following our analogies (which I think we should), it has something to do with relationships, and with being willing to actually try to persuade people to our point of view using the only persuasive strategies that actually work– which involve listening, respecting people, clarifying arguments, and considering their point of view as well.
It also means knowing what we are talking about. It has never been easier to read and learn about issues from multiple perspectives than it is right now. We can read newspapers in Pakistan, India, Russia, Israel, and Syria. We can watch English language television from Qatar. We can read in-depth analysis of important issues from multiple perspectives. And we can do all of this ON OUR PHONES.
But do we? No. We mainly fall for clickbait outrage porn, about half of which is made up by teenagers in Belarus trying to make a quick ruble. Or we watch news sites tailored to our own points of view and just get madder and madder about the other side, imagining what a perfect world we would live in if they would all magically cease to exist.
The experts (or at least the one that I clicked on from my Facebook this morning) say that New Year's resolutions have to be specific, achievable, measurable, and sustainable. So this is mine: During 2017, I will not participate in the culture of cheap outrage by forwarding onto my social media feeds any articles with the purpose of humiliating, embarrassing, or otherwise ridiculing people or perspectives that I do not agree with. If I am outraged, I will learn what I am talking about and try to write something actually capable of persuading others to my point of view.
Feel free to call me out if I screw this up. That, too, is part of the cost of costly outrage. And if you're up for it, join me. Maybe we can start a movement.
Hulk Hogan apologized for repeatedly using the "n" word in a 2007 sex tape that the National Enquirer and RadarOnLine.com reported on last Friday.
Another recording has surfaced that captured the famous wrestler making racially fueled comments over jailhouse phone calls to his son, Nick Bollea, back in May of 2008. At the time, the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office released nearly two weeks worth of jail phone calls. Bay News 9 went back and listened to more of those calls and found the racial comments the public has never heard before.
Hogan calls his son the "n" word and Nick does not repeat that exact word.
"You and me been sitting on some serious phone, phone dialogue here n---a," Hogan said.
"Yeah, nibb-ah," Nick said.
"N---a, n---a, that means, that means you (are) my best friend," said Hogan.
Nick was serving an eight month sentence for a car crash that left his friend, John Graziano, permanently disabled. In another phone call, Hogan talks about God and re-incarnation.
"You know that God gave you this vibe and this, this, energy that you and I are going to live forever, bro," he said. "I just hope we don't come back as a couple, I don't want to say it, blizz-ack gizz-uys, you know what I'm saying?"
"Brutal," Nick responded after they both laughed.
Hogan also talked to Nick about possibly being transferred from the adult jail to juvenile hall.
“It's down in St. Pete and it's mixed-race and we get along with everybody, so that's fine," Nick said.
Hulk said, "Your mom went there and said it was mainly blizz, you know what I'm sizz-aying?"
"Mm-hm," Nick said.
Hulk responded, "And that some of the ladies there that, you know, run the school are nice blizz lizz-adies, you know?"
"Mm-hm.... I would go down there, I would make friends with all those kids down there," said Nick. "I guarantee it. Because you know how all the blizz pizz love us."
Last Friday, the National Enquirer and RadarOnLine.com quoted Hogan from the sex tape saying: "I am a racist, to a point, f--- n------."
The World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. deleted nearly all references of Hogan from its website. Hogan resigned from the WWE and issued a statement that said, "Eight years ago I used offensive language... there is no excuse... and I apologize."
The words Hogan used on the jailhouse phone calls happened about one year after the sex tape quotes. We went to Hogan's Clearwater Beach mansion to ask him about it but nobody came to the door.
Hogan, whose real name is Terry Bollea, has a filed a $100 million lawsuit against Gawker Media Co. for publishing excerpts from that sex tape. Hogan claims his privacy was violated. A hearing in that case is scheduled for October in a St. Petersburg courthouse.
Only after news reports in mid-2010 began to describe the dubious practices, like the routine filing of false pleadings in bankruptcy courts, did Fannie Mae's overseer start to scrutinize the conduct. The report was critical of that overseer, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and was prepared by the agency's inspector general. In one notable lapse, even after the agency reported problems to Fannie Mae in late 2010 about some of the approved law firms, it did not request a response from the company, the report said. “American homeowners have been struggling with the effects of the housing finance crisis for several years, and they shouldn't have to worry whether they will be victims of foreclosure abuse,” said Steve Linick, inspector general of the finance agency. “Increased oversight by F.H.F.A. could help to prevent these abuses.”
The real bombshell of the past 24 hours in housing was the report of the FHFA Inspector General, the second in two weeks damning the conduct of the GSEs In this case, Fannie Mae was found to have known about foreclosure fraud, including serial fabrications of foreclosure documents and robo-signing, as far back as 2003
Fannie Mae had a retained attorney network with a select list of law firms that would perform any foreclosure operations with payment on a volume basis. These firms included notorious foreclosure mills like the Law Offices of David J. Stern. Even after whistleblowers, and even Fannie's own outside law firm, identified persistent foreclosure abuses, Fannie never mentioned this to its regulator, nor did they stop using the law firms in their network. In fact, they required that their servicers ONLY use these law firms that Fannie knew were committing systemic abuses. [cont'd.]
I asked Sen. Jeff Merkley about this disturbing report yesterday. “It raises new questions,” he said. “And hearings are the appropriate venue to examine that.” So I'd expect hearings at the Senate Banking Committee about this complete failure of oversight, and facilitation of systemic foreclosure fraud that steals homes from borrowers with fake documents. Elijah Cummings, the ranking member of the House Oversight Committee, also expressed outrage at this, and planned to take it up with the FHFA Acting Director in a meeting this week.
Just to expand on this briefly, the unifying thread in all of this is a total collapse of federal oversight over many years. The banks basically had free reign to do whatever they wanted on foreclosures and housing, and the federal agencies charged with regulating this either looked the other way or actively participated.
Relating this to the present, the feds may want to take over the foreclosure fraud settlement process. In fact the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency has its own regulatory “crackdown” on banks over the issue in the form of consent decrees. Anyone who thinks these will work need only look at the prior history.
The teenager convicted of killing an NYPD officer by setting a mattress on fire in Coney Island in 2014 was sentenced Tuesday to 19 years to life in prison.Marcel Dockery was found guilty last month of all three counts he was facing, murder, assault and arson.He was 16 when he set the fire inside his building that killed Officer Dennis Guerra.Guerra's partner, Rosa Rodriguez, sustained permanent lung damage in the fire. Both were immediately overcome by smoke and carbon monoxide when they responded to the scene.Dockery faced a sentence of 25 years to life in prison.In court Tuesday, a letter was read from Officer Guerra's son, saying 'Your boredom took away a hero'. Dockery told authorities he set the fire because he was bored."We're satisfied. At least we know that justice was served, is being done," said Officer Guerra's mother Miriam."I can't bring my son back. Justice, I believe was served and he'll have to pay the consequences of what he did," said the officer's father, Dennis Guerra.The officer's widow Cathy spoke in court about watching him slowly die in the hospital and how her 7-year-old son, the youngest of the couple's four children, told her "Poppy is sleeping. He will wake up and come home.""For the past year and a half, Zachary had refused to sleep in his own room," she said. "As much as I have tried to convince him that a big boy that must sleep in his bed, he did not want to sleep there unless it was his father tucking him in at night. Zachary always felt safe seeing his father every night before going to sleep but did not have that security anymore. Along with the nightmares, fear of seeing/looking at fires, failing school grades, crying spells, and anger outbursts, Zachary is now facing anxiety. There are times that I cannot go out with others without him calling me and crying for me to come home."At the trial, a videotaped confession from Dockery was played in which he told police he lit the corner of the mattress on fire because he was bored while waiting for his cousins, who also live in the building, to open their door.:When Police Officers Guerra and Rodriguez responded to that fire inside that building, they did so to save lives," said Brooklyn District Attorney Kenneth Thompson. "However, a senseless act of arson cost a very courageous police officer his life and destroyed the health and career of another heroic officer. The sentence imposed by the court today reflects the severity of the crime committed by the defendant."
Marko is a friendly (and fast!) UI library that makes building web apps fun. Learn more on markojs.com, and even Try Marko Online!
Get Involved
Contributing : Pull requests are welcome! Read CONTRIBUTING.md and check out our bite-sized and help-wanted issues Submit github issues for any feature enhancements, bugs or documentation problems
: Pull requests are welcome! Support : Join our gitter chat to ask questions to get support from the maintainers and other Marko developers Questions/comments can also be posted as github issues
: Join our gitter chat to ask questions to get support from the maintainers and other Marko developers Discuss: Tweet using the #MarkoJS hashtag and follow @MarkoDevTeam
Installation
npm install marko --save
Examples
Marko provides an elegant and readable syntax for both single-file components and components broken into separate files. There are plenty of examples to play with on Marko's Try-Online. Additional component documentation can be found on the Marko.js website.
Single file
The following single-file component renders a button and a counter with the number of times the button has been clicked. Try this example now!
click-count.marko
class { onCreate() { this.state = { count:0 }; } increment() { this.state.count++; } } style { .count { color:#09c; font-size:3em; } .example-button { font-size:1em; padding:0.5em; } } <div.count> ${state.count} </div> <button.example-button on-click('increment')> Click me! </button>
The same component as above split into an index.marko template file, component.js containing your component logic, and style.css containing your component style:
index.marko
<div.count> ${state.count} </div> <button.example-button on-click('increment')> Click me! </button>
component.js
module . exports = { onCreate ( ) { this . state = { count : 0 } ; } , increment ( ) { this . state . count ++ ; } } ;
style.css
. count { color : # 09c ; font-size : 3 em ; } . example-button { font-size : 1 em ; padding : 0.5 em ; }
Concise Syntax
Marko also supports a beautifully concise syntax as an alternative to HTML syntax. Find out more about the concise syntax here.
<!-- Marko HTML syntax --> <ul> <for|color| of=['a', 'b', 'c']> <li>${color}</li> </for> </ul>
// Marko concise syntax ul for|color| of=['a', 'b', 'c'] li -- ${color}
Changelog
See CHANGELOG.md
Maintainers
Code of Conduct
This project adheres to the eBay Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.
License
MIT
Fundraising pages and events are beginning to pop up for the victims of Saturday night's 3-alarm fire on Fulton Street. Two homes were destroyed in the blaze, with 15-16 people displaced.
One of the houses affected was the Sunshine Castle at 1571 Fulton St, a communal house that was home to eight of the displaced. The house and community space was founded as such six years ago, and has since been home to the Wigg Party, Bibliobicicleta, the Urban Eating League and innumerable parties.
A GoFundMe page has been set up by the residents of the house to assist them in their time of need. "We lost all of our possessions and our sweet home, the Sunshine Castle!" the description read. "Most of us don't have renter's insurance, so we are in trouble."
As of 9:55am this morning, $5,322 had been raised through the page.
Photo: Tipster Madeline B.
In addition to crowdfunding efforts, a fundraising event is being organized for Wednesday night at Gray Area Art + Technology in the Mission. "Several artists and creatives lost their home and belongings in a 3-alarm fire," the event description reads. "Please bring cash to donate at the door and bar, or nice physical items that someone might need, clothes, food, toiletries. This group of people lost nearly everything and need our support."
But the Sunshine Castle wasn't the only home affected by the fire. The building next-door (spanning 1563, 1565 and 1567 Fulton) was also badly damaged. The North of the Panhandle Neighborhood Association (NOPNA) will donate all funds sent to them through their Paypal account to all of the victims of the fire.
"All donations received by NOPNA through February will be used as direct relief to the displaced victims of last night's fire on the 1500 block of Fulton Street," said NOPNA member Kandace Kaylor. "NOPNA is a 501(c)3 and donations are tax deductible (tax id - 94-3131083)."
We'll keep you updated on fundraisers, news of the residents and ways that you can help.
Update, 2/16: A crowdfunding campaign has also been established for the four residents and one dog who lived 1567 Fulton. The good news is that their dog Kaya, who was home at the time, managed to get out of the house and is safe and sound.
Archetypal "binocular apartments" on Havneholm Island in Copenhagen's South Harbor. seier+seier/Flickr
When it comes to new construction in his hometown, the veteran urbanist is not impressed.
Don't believe everything you read about the influence of Jane Jacobs. When it comes to constructing new neighborhoods, her ideas are largely being ignored. So says Jan Gehl, the groundbreaking Danish architect, urbanist, and self-confessed Jacobs disciples as he reflects on recent development in Copenhagen. In a conversation with CityLab, Gehl argued that when comes to new construction, Denmark's capital has taken a wrong turn. “Jane Jacobs' ideas are widely used in the existing fabric of cities among old structures, where they are used to cleaning up after the automobile,” says Gehl. “Much has been done, but an area where this knowledge for how to make good structures for people is absent—in Copenhagen or anywhere else—is in new construction. I sometimes make a joke that if we were making a book about great new towns in the 21st century, it would be the thinnest book you'd ever seen.” Gehl makes these comments in the wake of some bad planning news in his hometown, a city where he's not the only one to notice that things may be going awry. Local voices, among them the newspaper Politiken, have noted that new development plans for the city's South Harbor are being watered down to create an indifferent, developer-driven final product. For some time, the South Harbor has been a major construction hotspot for new homes, some of them built on former dockland brownfield sites and some on artificial islands jutting out into the harbor waters. But while the area's development plan started out as a model project—one section of which Gehl oversaw as an adviser—it has since been significantly diminished.
According to Politiken, a theatre, sports hall and a flea market have all been dropped from the plans. Elsewhere, as CityLab has previously reported, a planned moveable bridge may end up being fixed, closing off an area around South Harbor's islands to watercraft, in contradiction of the original plan. These negative tweaks risk turning what could have been a vibrant quarter into a luxurious but life-lorn dormitory. But as Gehl notes—primarily discussing the portion which he helped to oversee rather than the masterplan—there are greater problems afoot than simply removing amenities. “The idea of underground parking and a car-free surface, which we nicknamed ‘Little Venice,' has been sacrificed and replaced with surface parking. The fine-tuned hierarchy of private, semi-private, semi-public and public spaces has also been very watered down. Instead of making a number of courtyards, there is now one very long building.” It's the place-making failures of these buildings' external layouts that's the most pressing problem, according to Gehl. “In many of these developer-driven projects they almost don't give a damn about making a good area. They put almost everything into making a fast-selling commodity,” Gehl says. “That means that the major considerations for them are the interior orientation and organization of the apartment, plus the view to the water.” “They try to fit in as many flats as possible, as luxurious as possible, while creating a nice climate when you go out of the door is often sacrificed.” It's not that Copenhagen is especially bad, Gehl insists. It's more that it is not immune to a general sea change across the West where the quest for short-term profit is allowed to override any longer term place-making goals. In fact, Copenhagen already contains perhaps the supreme example of this trajectory in Northern Europe: the entirely new, high-income neighborhood constructed at Ørestad.
Constructed from 2001 onwards largely on reclaimed wetlands just south of Inner Copenhagen, Ørestad contains some of the most eye-catching, aesthetically novel apartment buildings in Europe. Strung along a new elevated metro line, it is an unlikely collection of ziggurats, rotundas and spiked cubes in which affluent residents move through their glass-fronted, open plan apartments like so many expensive goldfish. Views and marketable aesthetics are clearly a paramount consideration. The result, however, is an under-populated, arid architectural theme park where wind howls through overly large, ill thought-out gaps and most street life is tidied away into a shopping mall. It's a glittering but ultimately dispiriting space. For Gehl, Ørestad's failure is due to both its funding model and its failure to think hard about how its buildings would interact. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... “They made the neighborhood's climate substantially worse than it would normally be in Denmark, by the way they built the place. In Ørestad they have succeeded in creating a very cold, shaded and windy place, and that is exactly what we Danes don't appreciate. It could have been different, but that would have meant buildings being not so high. One would also have had to moderate certain things in the layout to make the wind curve, but that might have taken away from the profit.” This end result was arguably inevitable, says Gehl, because the neighborhood's role was always to recoup the cost of expanding Copenhagen's transit network. That meant breaking away from the pre-1990s model of development, when the Danish state would have taken direct responsibility for the area's planning. The financial crisis also accelerated Denmark's shift to a developer-dominated construction model. The part of the South Harbor development that Gehl advised on, for example, was initially intended to be a district of rental housing, a long-term investment designed to feed a bank's pension fund over decades. But the 2008 crisis halted development, and when things finally recovered, the projects' debts meant that quick development of condominiums for sale rather than rent took over. A similar process is happening away from the water's edge at Copenhagen's former Carlsberg Brewery. Originally intended as a mixed income creative live-work quarter, its promised amenities are being shaved away and replaced by more high-rise apartment buildings of dubious quality. A sheltered but still public courtyard at Malmö's BO01. (brandon schauer/Flickr) Not all new neighborhood construction in Copenhagen is terrible. One of South Harbor's earlier projects was a new artificial island called Sluseholm, where housing came designed with an effective blend of public and private spaces, some public housing and an awareness of how best to lay out the place to minimize wind and overshadowing. Meanwhile the Bo01 waterside quarter built in 2001 in Malmö, Sweden (just 20 minutes by train across the Öresund Bridge from Copenhagen) has successfully created a new mixed-income quarter fed entirely by renewable energy, with a layout that enhances sunlight and shelters from coastal wind on a site that is densely inhabited without being squeezed for every marketable square foot of space. Taken together, however, both Bo01 and Sluseholm would not, as Gehl notes, make a particularly thick book of recent successes. Given Copenhagen's international reputation, the recognition that there may be something rotten even in this urban paragon might seem dispiriting. If they can't does it right, how can we? Gehl nonetheless sounds hopeful, pointing out how well-targeted public pressure can often succeed in re-shaping official priorities. In the meantime, plans for more redevelopment at the huge site in Copenhagen's North Harbor, which are still in their early stages, look promising in their attempts to achieve a careful layout and social mix. Still, as Copenhageners know all too well, just because a project starts with plans to build something great, doesn't mean that that's what the city eventually ends up with.
As Gangnam Style gallops toward 1 billion views on YouTube, the first Asian pop artist to capture a massive global audience has gotten richer click by click. So too has his agent and his grandmother. But the money from music sales isn't flowing in from the rapper's homeland South Korea or elsewhere in Asia.
With one song, 34-year-old Park Jae-sang — better known as PSY — is set to become a millionaire from YouTube ads and iTunes downloads, underlining a shift in how money is being made in the music business. An even bigger dollop of cash will come from TV commercials.
From just those sources, PSY and his camp will rake in at least $7.9 million this year, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of publicly available information and industry estimates. But for online music sales in South Korea, he'll earn less than $60,000.
Here's how it works.
YouTube
Gangnam Style, with its catchy tune and much imitated horse-riding dance is the most-watched video on YouTube ever.
The viral video has clocked more than 880 million YouTube views since its July release, beating Justin Bieber's Baby, which racked up more than 808 million views since February 2010. PSY's official channel on YouTube, which curates his songs and videos of his concerts, has nearly 1.3 billion views.
TubeMogul, a video ad buying platform, estimates that PSY and his agent YG Entertainment have raked in about $870,000 as their share of the revenue from ads that appear with YouTube videos. The Google Inc.-owned video service keeps approximately half.
PSY and YG Entertainment also earn money from views of videos that parody his songs.
Google detects videos that use copyrighted content. Artists can have the video removed or allow it to stay online and share ad revenue with YouTube. In the last week of September when Gangnam Style had around 300 million views, more than 33,000 videos were identified by the content identification system as using Gangnam Style. But since YouTube can be accessed from all over the world, wouldn't Asia be responsible for a significant chunk of the $870,000? The countries with the second and third-highest views of the video are Thailand and South Korea.
"Ads rates vary depending on which country the video is played. Developed countries have higher ad rates and developing countries lower," said Brian Suh, head of YouTube Partnership in Seoul.
And the country with the most views of Gangnam Style? The United States.
Legal downloads, CDs
Gangnam Style has been downloaded 2.7 million times in the U.S. and has been the No. 1 or No. 2 seller for most weeks since its debut, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
The song sells for $1.29 on Apple's iTunes Store, the market leader in song downloads. Apple generally keeps about 30 per cent of all sales, so the PSY camp could be due more than $2.4 million.
How much PSY keeps and how much goes to his managers, staff and record label is unclear. South Korean industry insiders said PSY likely gets 70 per cent and YG Entertainment 30 per cent for U.S. downloads.
But earnings from downloads in PSY's homeland are far from an embarrassment of riches.
South Koreans pay less than $10 a month for a subscription to a music service that allows them to download hundreds of songs or have unlimited access to a music streaming service. That makes the cost of a downloaded song about 10 cents on average. The average price for streaming a song is 0.2 cent.
PSY's cut for downloads is 14 per cent. That falls to 7.5 per cent for streamed songs. Yes, 7.5 per cent of 0.2 cent. And that's before PSY's Gangnam Style co-composer take his share. The biggest cut goes to his agent and online retailers.
According to South Korea's national Gaon Chart, Gangnam Style was downloaded more than 3.6 million times and streamed around 40 million times as of November. That adds up to a little more than $61,000.
It's likely the fast fading music CD industry generated even smaller revenue. PSY's 9 per cent cut from sales of 102,000 CDs in South Korea would earn him $50,000 or more, according to an estimate by Kim Dong-hyun, a senior manager at Korea Music Copyright Association.
As for many other parts of Asia, illegal downloads and pirated CDS are so pervasive that only a small minority are willing to pay up for the legal versions.
TV commercials
PSY has been jetting around the world, performing on shows such as The X-Factor Australia and NBC's Today Show, but such programs usually cover travel costs and not much else, said Gary Bongiovanni, editor-in-chief of concert trade magazine Pollstar.
It is television commercials that are the big money spinner for the most successful of South Korea's K-pop stars. PSY has been popping up in TV commercials in South Korea for top brands such as Samsung Electronics and mobile carrier LG Uplus.
Chung Yu-seok, an analyst at Kyobo Securities, estimates PSY's commercial deals would amount to 5 billion won ($4.6 million) this year.
The money is cool. The products not so much. PSY is now the face of a new Samsung refrigerator and a major noodle company.
His family
A fact little known outside South Korea is that PSY's father, uncle and grandmother own a combined 30 per cent of DI Corp., a company which makes equipment that semiconductor companies use to make computer chips.
It's a stretch to plausibly explain how the success of Gangnam Style will boost DI's profits but that doesn't matter to the South Korean stock market. Perhaps inspired by the pure power of pop, DI shares surged eightfold from July after PSY's hit reached No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 1 on the U.K. singles chart.
It was time to cash in for PSY's grandmother, who sold 5,378 shares for about $65,000.
The share price has fallen since then but is still about double what it was before the release of Gangnam Style.
PSY's agent YG Entertainment has also done well. Its share price is up about 30 per cent since mid-July. The value of CEO Yang Hyun-suk's stake has swelled to about $200 million, making him the richest man in South Korea's entertainment industry.
Now what?
The question now hanging over PSY is whether he will replicate the blockbuster success of Gangnam Style or end up remembered as a one-hit wonder.
"When this slows down, what comes next for PSY?" said Nielsen analytics vice-president David Bakula. "Is it the evolution of a new musical style, something audiences are going to be craving en masse, or is it something that's just a passing fancy?"
Analysts say Gangnam Style alone will not be enough to propel PSY into the ranks of musicians such as Adele and may not even be enough to make him the top-grossing K-pop star. That will depend largely on his upcoming album, which PSY said will be released in March.
THE UNITED STATES is to supply Ireland with a specialist software system to assist in the advance screening of flight passenger information.
This week, Justice Minister Frances Fitzgerald brought a memo to Cabinet on the issue.
The software will screen the passenger data of people arriving into Ireland, and will not affect Irish passengers travelling outside of the country.
However, a source said Irish passenger information is currently checked against US, UK and Interpol lists.
Passenger information
“It is up to the country that a person is arriving in to check the information,” they said.
The introduction of the new screening system is subject to Ireland's legislation – namely, the data protection laws.
It's understood the US is providing the new system as there is already cooperation between the two countries with the Visa-waiver programme.
The programme is allows citizens of specific countries to travel to the US for tourism, business, or while in transit for up to 90 days without having to obtain a Visa.
TheJournal.ie understands that no payment by the Irish government is being provided to the US for the software.
“It will strengthen our position in the common travel area and will ensure the Visa-waiver programme with the US,” said one source.
EU directive
The sharing of passenger information has already been committed to by Ireland under the EU Passenger Name Record (PNR) directive. The directive must be implemented by 2018.
The directive aims to harmonise all European passenger screening systems in the light of increased terror threats.
The UK and Spain already screen passenger lists of people both arriving and departing the country. The setup was introduced following the 7/7 bombings in London and the Madrid bombings in 2004.
Please note: This article was written before today's tragic events in Connecticut, but not published until this afternoon.
—
The recent shooting in an Oregon mall, which left 2 dead, has reignited the debate on guns. Should America change the second ammendment? This question has divided the nation. The most popular argument for those who believe every American has a right to bear arms is that people kill people, guns don't; and those who think that there should be stricter laws on guns argue guns allow people to kill people.
There are more gun stores in the US than there are grocery stores. An even more worrying fact than that is that in 2008, 12,000 people were killed by guns (Business Insider) and that statistic is rising. Those who are pro-gun ownership for citizens argue that even if guns were banned altogether, those with the intent to kill would still kill. Johan Belcher, an NFL star who played for the Kansas City Chiefs, recently took his life after shooting his girlfriend. Those who are pro-guns said that Belcher had the physical capability of killing his girlfriend without a gun, however, what they fail to realise is that many killers do have second thoughts about killing as they pull the trigger and even if Belcher did try to physically kill her, there is more of a chance that he may have stopped. But with a gun there is no backing out, and with one shot someone becomes yet another statistic.
On Tuesday, a shooter struck a mall near Portland, Oregon and killed 2 people. The shooter, Jacob Tyler Roberts, armed himself with an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle and opened fire in the mall packed with Christmas shoppers. He managed to kill 2 people, however the rifle jammed and luckily stopped more deaths. Clackamas County Sheriff Craig Roberts told ABC's Good Morning America, “It really was a killing of total strangers, to my knowledge at this point and time. He was really trying to kill as many people as possible.” Roberts targeted “anyone who was in his line of fire”.
These tragic stories of mass shootings keep appearing in the news and they all seem to follow the same plot. A deranged lunatic gets hold of lots of weapons and goes on to cause carnage. Look back to the Aurora Batman theatre shootings that happened in August. An unstable person managed to get hold of a hoard of weapons and ammunition, not raising any suspicion because he purchased the guns and ammo via the internet. The easy access to guns is worrying, and those who are pro-guns may argue Americans should have the right of owning a gun, but what Average Joe American needs to be armed with an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle, which has an average fire rate of 800 rounds per minute?
This debate is a very interesting one and it is likely to intensify because more and more shootings will happen in the USA unless the government take a hard line on gun laws and enforce stricter ones. 40 per cent of gun owners didn't have background checks when buying guns, that worrying percentage means that more maniacs – whose sole intention is to kill – have access to weapons that allow them to carry out these horrific shootings.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
Ireland is seen as a "soft-touch" for a possible terror attack, and is regarded as fertile ground for recruiting and fundraising by extremists, according to a former al-Qaeda member who is now a security expert.
Ireland is seen as a "soft-touch" for a possible terror attack, and is regarded as fertile ground for recruiting and fundraising by extremists, according to a former al-Qaeda member who is now a security expert.
In the wake of the Manchester bombing, Taoiseach Enda Kenny said an attack on Ireland was "possible but not likely".
However, Aimen Dean, a former bomb-maker and al-Qaeda recruiter, who in 2007 personally pledged allegiance to Osama bin Laden, insists that Ireland offers Isil-like terror groups "ample opportunities".
He was an early member of the al-Qaeda terrorist organisation - but he changed sides in 1998 and became a spy for Britain's security and intelligence services, MI5 and MI6.
Speaking to the Sunday Independent, he stressed it is common knowledge among Jihadists that Ireland can be a "safe haven" for terrorists.
"It is a country which has no central intelligence service of its own; it depends on foreign intelligence to anticipate threats."
Stock picture
Dean, now an international security expert, left al-Qaeda almost 20 years ago after the US embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam were bombed.
Twelve Americans and more than 200 local people - mostly Muslims - were killed.
Thousands of other people were left seriously injured.
The killings provoked Dean to re-evaluate his commitment to the cause.
He went on to become an undercover agent for the British intelligence service MI6, having defected from al-Qaeda as his doubts grew about its violent methods.
Through his work, he says he helped foil various attacks against civilians - including possible suicide bombings and poison attacks.
He says it's "rather naive" to think Ireland - which he described as a "soft target" - is safe from an attack.
And while Isil isn't necessarily targeting this country - it could take advantage of our tourist industry.
Visitors from the UK, US, and Europe, who come to Ireland for cultural events could "become easy targets".
"It's an agricultural land, which means it is easy to obtain bomb-making materials... You also have the fact that there are many weapons in the north of the island - illegal weapons," he stressed.
He says Isil has "smashed all the red-lines" regarding who or what is considered a legitimate target.
He believes the Irish authorities would "struggle" if there was a sudden increase in the number of people moving here to carry out recruitment and fundraising campaigns.
He pointed out that the Garda relied heavily on intelligence-sharing with the UK, the US and other EU countries to track down suspects.
Although there is no single personality type that fits the description of a would-be suicide bomber, the common denominator is a belief that the "moment they set off a device", they will be crossing to an after-life which is "far better than the life they left".
Dean says recruiters play on emotions such as fear and resentment.
They try to convince those who might carry out a terror attack that the life they have here is "not going in the right direction".
Gardai are planning to take part in a series of security exercises with specialist units from other European police forces.
Joint training between the police forces is already well advanced in a bid to streamline the response to the growing threat from international terrorism.
Senior Garda officers are also reviewing current tactics and planning to protect the public and prevent an atrocity here.
The threat level in this country remains at "moderate" after the Manchester bombing. This means a terror attack here is possible, but not likely.
However, Garda Commissioner Noirin O'Sullivan says the face of terrorism, and related activity, is constantly changing, and the force had to make sure it was able to respond to whatever threat arose.
Sunday Independent
Treasury Board President Tony Clement claims he's ready to talk and “fairly” negotiate the terms of a new sick leave and disability regime to replace the one the Conservative government intends to scrap to save $900 million.
Clement took a swipe at the 17 federal unions for “ragging the puck” in the ongoing round of collective bargaining as he defended the government's plan to implement a new short-term disability plan whether the unions agree or not.
“I have altered my position to be more fair. They have not altered their position,” said Clement.
“The responsibility is now on them to come to the table, not to try to rag the puck. They clearly want a Liberal or an NDP government to negotiate with, who will roll over and accept their positions.”
The stage was set for the looming showdown in Tuesday's budget with the government's vow to replace the existing sick-leave benefits plan with a short-term disability plan unless a deal can be negotiated at the bargaining table within a “reasonable time limit.”
On Wednesday, leaders of the 17 federal unions privately met to develop a common front when they return to the bargaining table. The unions signed a “solidarity pact” more than a year ago promising not to make any concessions on sick leave.
So far, the unions have argued that the government is violating collective bargaining rights and has effectively decided on the deal, flouting the principles of fair bargaining.
The unions intend to issue a joint statement on their position but it is not expected to outline any immediate plans. They have various options, such as taking the government to court or filing a complaint of bad-faith bargaining with the Public Service Labour Relations Board.
The budget move will also dominate the debate at the triennial convention of the giant Public Service Alliance of Canada — which represents the largest number of public servants — in Quebec City next week.
Sick leave has been at the centre of bargaining, which began a year ago. Clement said Treasury Board negotiators and unions have met more than 200 times and 47 additional meetings have been scheduled between now and the summer. He has placed no deadline on when he wants a deal.
The two sides couldn't be further apart. Clement wants to scrap the existing sick-leave scheme and replace it with a new short-term disability plan. Public servants are entitled under existing contracts to 15 days of paid sick leave a year. They can bank it but any unused sick leave disappears when they retire. They can't cash it out.
The unions also want to overhaul the way sick leave and disability is managed, but are proposing fixes to the existing system. They reject giving up the sick-leave bank — estimated at having 15 million days — moving to a new plan that would limit paid sick leave to six days.
Among the measures introduced in the budget, the government is booking a one-time $900 million in savings in 2015-16 in anticipation of unwinding the old sick leave regime — abolishing the banked sick leave socked away by public servants — and shifting them to a new plan.
Some have questioned how the government can wipe a liability for sick leave off its books and recoup the savings when negotiations are still underway.
“How can they book something they don't have. The only way they can remove that liability is by bargaining and reaching an agreement, or legislating it away, and they have done neither,” said Ron Cochrane, co-chair of the joint union-management National Joint Council.
But Clement suggested that $900 million is a target because he said the government gave him “room” to negotiate so he could strike a deal with unions on the terms of a new system.
“That number has been carefully crafted to give me the room to negotiate if I have a dance partner, which I have not had for many months on the other side,” said Clement.
The government used a similar tactic in last year's budget when it booked $7.4 billion in savings by changing the health-care plan for federal pensioners and public servants before a deal was negotiated. Unions and pensioners reluctantly agreed to a deal for fear a worse one would be legislated.
“It's the same thing Clement said last year with health care negotiations,” said Cochrane. “If we can't come to an agreement he will use his trump card and legislate. That's setting preconditions on collective bargaining, is an unfair labour practice, and booking money you don't have is like fraud.”
Sahir Khan, former assistant parliamentary budget officer and now a visiting fellow with the Jean-Luc Pépin Research Chair at the University of Ottawa, said counting the savings indicates what the government is planning.
“They are indicating what they intend to save and are booking those savings accordingly. The fact that they can book with such certainty means that they are clearly intending to change the plan,” he said.
He said the move suggests the government's revamping of disability and sick leave was driven by the “fiscal imperative” of saving money on benefits rather than improving wellness or getting a handle on what's driving up disability claims, especially for mental health, which account for half of all claims.
0 Former employees blows up himself at Jacksonville business
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives is investigating a fire at a Jacksonville business where the owner said a man he tried to help attempted to blow it up.
It happened at the Hale Intermodal Trucking company off Edgewood Drive in the Paxon neighborhood.
What's left of a skeleton of a tractor-trailer is charred metal, blown out glass and buckled doors.
Neighbors captured images as firefighters worked to put out the flames.
The owner, David Peppers, told us an employee who he fired two years ago spitefully caused the explosion. Peppers said this former, homeless employee wasn't a reliable worker, but that he allowed him to stay at his house, cooked meals for him and was working to help him fill out his disability paperwork.
Photos: Man badly hurt after allegedly trying to blow up semi-truck
Peppers said that this ex-employee took oxygen torches and lit both the trailer and himself on fire. On Monday, Peppers said he received a bizarre phone call from the man saying he was going to light up his business.
He never expected the threat to come to fruition, even when the windshield blew 60 feet in front of the truck.
This man was taken to UF Health with life-threatening injuries. JFRD was called to the scene around 8:30, and in 25 minutes, they were able to put out the fire.
Pepper said he's shocked to have lost thousands of dollars in uninsured trucks after trying to help a homeless man.
Watch Action News Jax and follow Kaitlyn Chana on Twitter @KaitlynANjax for the latest developments on this story.
Trending on ActionNewsJax.com:
More popular and trending stories
JFRD tells @ActionNewsJax 3 semi tractor-trailers caught on fire on Dahlia Rd. — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
JFRD tells @ActionNewsJax it took 25 minutes to get the fire under control. They say a man was severely burned. — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
JFRD tells @ActionNewsJax a man was transported to UF Health with critical burn injuries. — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
I saw two investigators walk to the back of these tractor-trailers in a business yard. @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/jxn2fT9tzM — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
ATF just arrived on scene and they're walking to the back of the property. @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/CgurGowkPQ — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
ATF is investigating a fire at a local business where the owner says a man he tried to help attempted to blow it up. pic.twitter.com/BuCMsBX4vL — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
It happened at the Hale Intermodal Trucking company off Edgewood Drive in the Paxon neighborhood. pic.twitter.com/I6xhF9ehVe — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
What's left of this skeleton of a tractor-trailer is charred metal, blown out glass and buckled doors. pic.twitter.com/ghKyBBE2Zx — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
Neighbors captured these images as firefighters worked to put out the flames. @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/AuyQRf8Bz4 — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
The owner, David Peppers, told us an employee who he fired 2yrs ago spitefully caused the explosion. @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/3NszLWSwrF — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
Peppers tell me this ex-employee wasn't a reliable worker, but he allowed him to stay at his house & cooked meals for him. @ActionNewsJax — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
Peppers tell me he was working to help this homeless man fill out disability paperwork. @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/NyRnJWXeu2 — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
Peppers tell me that this ex-employee took oxygen torches & lit both the trailer & himself on fire. @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/QhJc35AqKp — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
This former employee was taken to UF Health with life-threatening injuries. @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/P2IeJc0xhG — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) August 23, 2016
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
If you have an Android phone (or tablet) and haven't checked out the Congress app for Android in a while, now is a good time to give it another look.
Today we're releasing version 3.0, which, in addition to a redesigned theme and layout, adds:
Live updates from the House floor.
Upcoming committee hearings in the House and Senate.
Keyword search for bills (e.g. “health care”, “deficit”, “immigration”)
Details on any amendment that receives a vote.
And as usual, you can subscribe to be notified at any time of pretty much everything in the app, be they update from the floor, or bill search results, or votes.
All of the new features come from the recently launched Real Time Congress API. There's still a lot more data from the RTC API that we have yet to include, such as videos, full amendment details, and Congressional documents, which we'll be working into the Congress app over the coming months. We'll also be doing a lot more to optimize the experience on Android tablets, we are going to get help from Silver Spring SEO so hopefully everything goes well, we always say it is better to have Expert SEO Professionals working around you that way you know you will be getting just the results you want.
To get the app, download it from the Android Market, or scan the QR code to the right.
New Orleans Traffic Court judges were easy to persuade when their contract accountant wanted more money -- in just more than two years, Vandale Thomas got the court to increase his contract from $75,000 to $132,000. But those figures don't begin to reveal the total story of Mr. Thomas' compensation. He was paid nearly $1.3 million for doing work that, according to court staffers, consisted in large part of simple data entry.
Mr. Thomas was fired last month after a report by Inspector General Ed Quatrevaux revealed that he had been paid more than $600,000 in 2010. Times-Picayune reporter John Simerman found that Mr. Thomas received $421,175 in 2009, $620,520 in 2010 and $222,940 through October of this year.
Chief Administrative Judge Robert Jones called the payments "obscene,'' and they are. But the fact that no one did anything to rein in the spending is an outrage, and one that must be laid at the feet of Traffic Court. It's also partly the city's responsibility since some of his work was for the online ticket payment system, which Traffic Court handles for the city.
After the inspector general's initial report, Judge Jones blamed his predecessor, Administrative Judge Dennis Dannel, for the lack of oversight. Judge Dannel died in January. Blaming him doesn't make sense when records show that Judge Jones signed most of the checks that Mr. Thomas collected -- about $750,000 worth, or 58 percent of the money he received. Mr. Thomas also served as Judge Jones' campaign treasurer.
All four traffic court judges signed checks to Mr. Thomas. One in seven of the checks from the court's judicial expense fund in 2009 and 2010 were made out to Mr. Thomas.
Judge Jones said that most were for small amounts, which is why he didn't realize how much Mr. Thomas was making. But that's a weak explanation. Surely the judges should have had an inkling that the amount was climbing -- especially since other court employees had noticed.
Mr. Thomas' initial contract was for $75,000, but he exceeded that in his first six weeks working for the court. That should have raised an immediate red flag.
The city administration was also slow to deal with Mr. Thomas' payment for its share of Internet accounting. But Chief Administrative Officer Andy Kopplin insisted in February that the city's information technology people begin overseeing the work.
Mr. Quatrevaux said that his office will make sure that the payments were proper. Someone certainly needs to press for better answers, because thus far, it doesn't add up.
The easy answer of course is that libertarians are hateful people. But when you translate "libertarian" from American into English you get "classical liberal" which means us. And we're lovely, cuddly, people so that cannot be the right answer. Over in the US they're trying to answer this question (Tyler Cowen, Bryan Caplan) and there's a variety of reasons given. None of which quite explain it all to our satisfaction. So, we'll put forward two more, the first not entirely serious. Which is that we're right, they know we're right, we know we're right and everyone hates smug gits who know they're right and who everyone knows are right.
The second, entirely serious, reason is that we're the only people not telling people how to live their lives. On the right, the conservatives, want to insist that everyone keep it in their pants until married, don't ingest things that make you feel good, work hard and if you conform to our prescriptions then maybe we'll let you be. On the left we've the usual hodge podge but the same urge is there. Live your life according to the manner in which we demand you live your life. Don't be greedy, don't be too successful or we'll take it all off you, you must respect everyone's decisions about how they live their lives and don't, whatever you do, blame anyone for creating their own bed that they've now got to sleep in.
By contrast we're the only people saying that we don't give a damn how you live your life. As long as you're not harming others, nor their ability to live their life as they wish, why on earth should we even pay attention to how you live let alone control, or even respect, how you do?
Which is why they all shout at us of course. For if you're running around with a set of rules that everyone must live by it's OK to have another group running around with a different set of rules about how you must live. But it's disconcerting, discombobulating even, to have a group insisting that there is no such list so would everyone shut up please? What merit in gaining control of the State in order to force everyone to follow your prescriptive rules if the libertarians (or classical liberals) have got there first and removed the power of the State to insist upon everyone having to follow any set of such rules?
To put it very simply, those who fight to insist upon vanilla flavoured cake are quite happy to battle those who fight for chocolate flavoured cake and vice versa, but they'll unite in hatred against those who say the cake is a lie.
Poker game on Sunday, for those who would like to play more varied types of poker without breaking the bankroll.
Cash game. 8 players max. (6 suggested)
Max buy-in is $25, min buy-in is $10.
The games will be:
There will be a round of Holdem, then a round of an Omaha game (drawn from a deck), a round of a Stud game (drawn from a deck), and then a round of a Draw game (drawn from a deck). Then it repeats.
$0.10/0.20 No Limit Texas Holdem
Omaha Games:
* $0.10/0.20 Pot Limit Omaha
* $0.10/0.20 Pot Limit Omaha 8
* $1/2 Limit Omaha 8 with $0.50/1 blinds & $1.50/$3 Kill on scooped pots bigger than $15.
* $0.10/0.20 Big Mitt (5-card Omaha 8) (8 player max)
Stud Games:
* $1/2 Limit Stud with $0.10 antes and a $0.25 bring-in (low card) (8 player max)
* $1/2 Limit Stud/8 with $0.10 antes and a $0.25 bring-in (low card) (8 player max)
* $1/2 Limit Razz with $0.10 antes and a $0.25 bring-in (high card)(8 player max)
* $1/2 Limit Razz/dugi with $0.10 antes and a $0.25 bring-in (high card) (8 player max)
Draw Games:
$0.10/0.20 Half-Pot Limit Badugi (6 player max)
$0.50/1.00 Limit Draw (with $0.25/0.50 blinds)
$0.50/[masked] Single Draw (with $0.25/0.50 blinds)
$0.50/[masked] Triple Draw (with $0.25/0.50 blinds) (6-player max)
The Boston Police Department is investigating a video showing an off-duty police officer forcing a man to the ground.Watch the reportThe two men were involved in a confrontation just before Stephen Harlowe started recording. Watch the video here"The guy in the Red Sox jersey tackled him," Harlowe said. "Then took his head and slammed it on the sidewalk. And then he grabbed a handful of his hair and slammed it again."The officer then walked the man, who isn't being identified, because he hasn't been charged, back to the intersection of Boylston and Arlinbgton streets where the confrontation began.The video didn't show what led up to the chase."The victim was crossing in the crosswalk, and the officer turned the corner and cut him off," Harlowe said. "And he said, 'When he cut me off, I was scared, and I tapped his window with my umbrella.'"But investigators said the man admitted to jaywalking and crossing the intersection against the light.Police said he then struck the officer's car with the umbrella and ran off when the officer tried to speak with him.People who saw the chase said they feel the reaction was excessive, and police are interviewing witnesses as they review the officer's actions.
The Boston Police Department is investigating a video showing an off-duty police officer forcing a man to the ground.
Watch the report
The two men were involved in a confrontation just before Stephen Harlowe started recording.
Watch the video here
"The guy in the Red Sox jersey tackled him," Harlowe said. "Then took his head and slammed it on the sidewalk. And then he grabbed a handful of his hair and slammed it again."
The officer then walked the man, who isn't being identified, because he hasn't been charged, back to the intersection of Boylston and Arlinbgton streets where the confrontation began.
The video didn't show what led up to the chase.
"The victim was crossing in the crosswalk, and the officer turned the corner and cut him off," Harlowe said. "And he said, 'When he cut me off, I was scared, and I tapped his window with my umbrella.'"
But investigators said the man admitted to jaywalking and crossing the intersection against the light.
Police said he then struck the officer's car with the umbrella and ran off when the officer tried to speak with him.
People who saw the chase said they feel the reaction was excessive, and police are interviewing witnesses as they review the officer's actions.
AlertMe
The RZA's place in hip-hop as a producer is not up for debate. He's widely acknowledged as an all-time great. For my money, RZA, Dr. Dre and DJ Premier represent the production Holy Trinity in the genre history. RZA's standing as an MC, is a more contested subject, even among the nine MCs that form the Wu-Tang Clan unit he founded, let alone hip hop as a whole.
There's a myriad of reasons for this disparity. In the '90s and early '00s, his long-delayed solo debut The Cure became an oft-delayed, never-released project of mythical proportions like Dr. Dre's Detox. The four solo albums RZA released later didn't drop until long after the Wu's ballyhooed 36 Chamber through Forever heyday.
It might also be him rapping from the perspective of a half dozen-or-so aliases, resulting in a catalog that at times resembles someone with a multiple-personality disorder: Prince Rakeem, The RZA, Bobby Steels, The RZA-rector, Bobby Digital, The Abbot, Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah, and on and on.
Or maybe it's the hint of speech impediment, leading to a flow that at times literally spits wisdom, with marble-mouthed effect. But Method Man didn't describe him as “the sharpest motherfucka in the Clan” whose “always on point, with the beats, with the rhymes” on 36 Chambers for no reason.
While delving into some of his greatest triumphs, and even a few of his biggest misfires, what becomes striking is the full breadth of quality songs, the different concepts, sonic variation and disparate places that you can pull from, all while attempting to nail down an accurate representation of the God we call The RZA.
Over a quarter century past signing his first solo rap record deal, in a career that's led him to him becoming everything from a fashion-line mogul, to Hip-Hop Chess Federation Grand Master, and eventually a Hollywood actor/writer/director, Robert Fitzgerald Diggs remains capable of dropping megaton bombs when you least expect.
As part of MASS APPEAL's Wu-Tangsgiving Celebration, below are RZA's 36 best solo cuts, meaning cuts from his solo albums, which may or not include other rappers, as well as solo cuts from soundtrack albums and compilations. Ain't a damn thing changed boy, protect ya neck.
The most infamous traffic cones in America sat on a curb by the Fort Lee entrance to the George Washington Bridge on Wednesday.
These were the very orange cones that had been arrayed across the entrance after a senior troll to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie emailed a Port Authority official.
“Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee,” Deputy Chief of Staff Bridget Anne Kelly emailed at 7:34 a.m. on Aug. 13, 2013.
The recipient, a Christie troll at the Port Authority named David Wildstein, emailed back at 7:35 a.m., only a minute later.
“Got it.”
But Wildstein's almost-instant response was not out of any hurry to proceed with the scheme.
Just as true trolls might, they waited three weeks to the morning of Sept. 9, the first day of school.
The scandal is not just that the lanes were closed, but that the closing was timed to blindside kids as they waited excitedly and maybe already a little nervously for the bus in their back-to-school clothes and their new backpacks and fresh notebooks.
One of those kids was the son—then aged 3, now 4—of the dad who works the counter at E-Z Car Rental just two short blocks from where the lanes were closed. The boy was forced to wait two hours for the bus on his first day of school, before he even had a chance to then sit in traffic.
Dad in the meantime called the school, which truthfully pronounced itself mystified.
“They just had no idea at all,” he recalled on Wednesday.
He also called the bus company.
“They just said, ‘Our driver's stuck somewhere, it's a complete mess,'” he remembered.
The dad, who asked to not be quoted by name, was still amazed that anybody would deliberately do that to school kids.
“It was something extraordinary,” he told me. “It was something completely different… Bad.”
He had read the emails and texts that had surfaced in the news Wednesday morning, including a message from Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich to Christie's most senior troll on the Port Authority, the then-deputy executive director, Bill Baroni.
“The bigger problem is getting kids to school,” Sokolich wrote.
Wildstein saw the text and there was an exchange between him and another person, who is identified in some accounts at Kelly.
“Is it wrong that I am smiling?” one of them asked, but adding with correct grammar and even a stirring of conscience, “I feel badly about the kids.”
“They're the children of Buono voters,” the other one said, referring to Christie's Democratic challenger, Barbara Buono.
That line so outraged the dad at E-Z Car Rental that he repeated it aloud on Wednesday afternoon. He then said simply, “It was uncalled for.”
A line of five America flags was snapping in the icy wind outside the rental office. An emergency vehicle marked “Fort Lee Ambulance” came up the street.
“We weren't working that day, thank God!” one of the two paramedics in the front said.
But the ambulance was a reminder of a Baroni email that Wildstein forwarded to Kelly on the first of the five days of lane closings.
“Subject: Fwd: Phone call; Mayor Sokolich re: urgent matter of public safety in Fort Lee.”
Kelly had asked Wildstein: “Did he call him back?”
Wildstein had answered: “Radio silence.”
Kelly had replied, “Ty,” meaning “thank you.”
As should have been easy to surmise, Sokolich's concern regarding public safety was that the traffic would impede emergency vehicles. There would be four documented instances that first day, involving a missing 4-year-old child, a car accident in which four people were injured, a man suffering chest pains, and a 91-year-old unconscious woman.
Paramedics were unable to reach the woman for seven minutes. She subsequently died when she went into cardiac arrest at the hospital, but—as of yet, anyway—nobody is saying the delay caused her death.
What is certain is it is a violation of New Jersey law to create conditions that “impede or render dangerous the use of a roadway by others,” most particularly emergency vehicles.
To his credit, Sokolich's priority during the lane closings was to get the traffic moving again. He texted Baroni on the second day of the closures, saying “My frustration is now trying to figure out who is mad at me.”
Sokolich did not yet imagine that Christie's aides were punishing all of Fort Lee, including the kids and the stricken, because he had failed to endorse their boss in an easy election. The mayor continued to prove willing to subsume pride for the sake of duty, messaging Baroni, “Someone needs to tell me the recent traffic debacle was not punitive in nature. The last four reporters that contacted me suggested that the people they are speaking with absolutely believe it to be punishment. Try as I might to dispel these rumors, I am having a tough time.”
He added, “A private face-to-face would be important to me. Perhaps someone can enlighten me as to the error of my ways.”
Sokolich remained relatively quiet for the sake of peace and avoided any grandstanding even after the truth began to emerge and Wildstein resigned, followed by Baroni. Democrats on the New Jersey Assembly Committee on Transportation initiated an investigation and issued subpoenas that produced the revelatory emails and texts. These included communications between Wildstein and Bill Stepien, Christie's campaign manager. Stepien told Wildstein not to worry about a Sept. 18 article in The Wall Street Journal about the lane closings.
“Ultimately not an awful story. Whatever,” Stepien wrote, then adding a twist on an old expression, “When some lose some.”
Wildstein wrote of the Fort Lee mayor, “It will be a tough November for this little Serbian.” Never mind that Sokolich is actually of Croatian extraction.
Another email to Wildstein is from Michael Drewniak, Christie's press secretary. It contains a statement said to have been personally cleared by the governor.
“Mr. Wildstein has been a tireless advocate for New Jersey's interests at the Port Authority. We are grateful for his commitment and dedication to the important work of the Port Authority and thank him for his service to the people of New Jersey and the region.”
Initially, Christie had shrugged off any questions about the GWB lane closing, jesting, “I moved the cones, actually. Unbeknownst to everybody."
Right up to when the emails came to light on Wednesday, Christie continued to insist that nobody in his office or campaign was involved in the closings. He responded to the revelations by canceling a public appearance involving relief for Hurricane Sandy victims.
He then made a statement, declaring, “I am outraged and deeply saddened to learn that not only was I misled by a member of my staff, but this completely inappropriate and unsanctioned conduct was made without my knowledge.”
He went on, “One thing is clear: This type of behavior is unacceptable and I will not tolerate it because the people of New Jersey deserve better. This behavior is not representative of me or my administration in any way, and people will be held responsible for their actions.”
Maybe after Kelly is out, Christie will also praise her commitment and dedication and thank her for her service to the people of New Jersey.
On his part, Sokolich has clearly had enough. He sounded still a little amazed that kids had been cheated and people of all ages endangered over his failure to help burnish the bipartisan image that Christie's people hope will put him in the White House.
“I've been punished not for something I've done, but for something I didn't do,” Sokolich noted on Wednesday.
He then said of those who kept kids waiting on the first day of classes, “This is the behavior of a bully in a schoolyard.”
Sokolich was not accusing Christie himself of being behind it, but that word bully resonates when you think back to when the governor became a YouTube tough guy with a teacher who dared to roll her eyes at him at a town-hall meeting. He now may have a hard time talking about going “Jersey style” without making people think of Fort Lee.
Meanwhile, Wildstein is fighting a subpoena to appear before state legislators on Thursday. He and Kelly and Baroni and any other trolls who were party to the bridge lane closings should suffer whatever penalties the law allows. And if the law does not allow any, the legislatures should make sure it does in the future.
As for those infamous orange traffic cones, they should be given to the Fort Lee Museum. Kids could see them for years to come and hear the story of the time the trolls closed the lanes leading to the bridge and made terrible mischief on the first day of school.
Transfer news: Monaco will not rule out bid for Manchester United winger Nani
Nani: Could be targeted by Monaco towards the end of the summer transfer window
The Portugal international's future at Old Trafford remains in doubt following the arrival of new manager David Moyes.
Nani has a year left to run on his current deal and the big-spending French outfit could offer him a lucrative move to the principality.
Claudio Ranieri has already splashed the cash by acquiring the likes of Radamel Falcao, James Rodriguez, Joao Moutinho, Eric Abidal and Jeremy Toulalan.
And Vasilyev has not ruled out a bid for the 26-year-old towards the end of the summer transfer window.
"He has been proposed to us," Vasilyev told French newspaper L'Equipe. "He is a very good player, but there have been no talks so far.
"We have already changed our group quite a bit and we also want to offer opportunities to our young players.
"We still have time to make a few alterations before the end of the transfer window, if needed."
The University of Southern California's Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism's comprehensive recent report on the film and television industry offers unsettling statistics for how this form of violence has been allowed to happen. The gender breakdown for industry creators is between 75 and 78 percent male. Even bleaker, white directors make up about 90 percent of the power behind the camera. For films like “Stonewall” and “Tangerine,” where the stories belong to the queer, those of color and the female, the reins of the production continue to be handed to the vision of a majority that doesn't identify.
There are two camps to the debate around narrative ownership. One argues that creators should only tell stories they can identify with, to avoid the possibility of irresponsible representation. The other contends that creators should be allowed to tell any story they see fit in the name of creative and artistic freedom. I fall into the second camp, with a caveat. I will never call creators to stop, but there is an urgent need to ask them to pause — to think and be critical of their sense of entitlement over experiences not their own. To fail in this regard is a form of violence against the people they claim to support.
Still, television and film creators continue to be given the resources to produce narratives they haven't the means to comprehend. Last year, $17 million was given to a cisgender white gay director to tell the story of queer trans people of color at the Stonewall riots. When casting “Stonewall,” the director, Roland Emmerich, was adamant about the need for a “straight-acting” lead as an “easy in” for audiences. The result was not just an embarrassing, tone-deaf loss of profit for the studio, where uproar about whitewashing and trans-erasure on social media added insult to the injury of a meager opening weekend. But importantly, the production also reinforced the idea that those who are already invisible do not have the voice to tell their story or the agency to be their own subject.
Soon after the attack in Orlando, I went to the Stonewall Inn. Not to a vigil, just a moment in the day. I wanted to grieve, and I didn't want to be alone. There were others there who had gathered to reflect on the occasion.
I arrived to find a small crowd, made up of what I soon gathered to be mostly straight observers, snapping photographs, whispering and occasionally shaking their heads, as if they were underscoring how tragic they knew these deaths to be. I wanted to tell them to leave.
But how could I blame them, when we've all been taught by popular films and successful television shows and 24-hour news that our tragedy is exciting fodder for consumption? I was tired with the fear of knowing that I cannot physically protect myself or the people I care for when we are targeted because of who we are. I was tired of knowing how vulnerable we are even in the midst of our joy. But I refuse to be lost to despair.
I want rather to call for a commitment to a new morality, a critical and sensitive morality, bent on healing and resistance against cheap tricks and emotional cons. I want us to consider where our storytelling resources go, and why the people whose stories are swept aside are not given the means to tell them. I want to call for the stories we tell to come from a place of vulnerability and honesty, not spectacle. I want us to be allowed to have our adventurous and lighthearted women who love women, played by women who love women. I want them to live.
The community of which I am a part is not tragic. It is diverse, creative, insistent and passionate. We are more than our fears of being unwanted or our fear of loss. We are alive in such ordinary and extraordinary ways. Those are the stories that deserve to be told, and it should be up to us to tell them.
A package ot powdered alcohol. (Photo: Courtesy of Palcohol)
Indiana could ban powdered alcohol before it even has a chance to hit store shelves, as a House committee voted unanimously Wednesday not to allow the new product's sale, purchase or even possession in the state.
A federal agency, the U.S. Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, earlier this month approved the sale of the powdered alcohol product, Palcohol. The manufacturer says on its website that it hopes to have the product available for sale as early as this summer.
But the Indiana House's Public Policy Committee voted 13-0 in favor of banning the product within the state while calling for further study of the issue after the legislative session ends.
“We have to be responsible,” said the committee's chairman and bill's sponsor, Rep. Tom Dermody, R-LaPorte. “I'm not sure we need to push for more alcohol products that we don't know much about.”
One ounce of Palcohol can be mixed with any liquid to create an instant drink that has the same alcoholic content as a shot of liquor. It comes in four flavors: rum, vodka, cosmopolitan and margarita.
The product's website describes it as a lightweight alternative for consumers who want to enjoy alcoholic drinks without having to carry around heavy bottles.
However, several other states, including South Carolina, Utah, Tennessee and New York, are also considering banning powdered alcohol, with critics saying the chances of misuse aren't worth the risk.
Among the chief concerns are powder alcohol's potential for abuse by minors, said Dermody. It could be snorted or used to spike drinks, and could be easily concealed at school events, he said.
Rep. Terri Austin, D-Anderson, voted in favor of the proposed ban but said rushing to outlaw the product without more information about how it would impact Indiana could make matters worse, especially if surrounding states don't follow suit.
“I think we all know and would admit that prohibition didn't work,” she said. “People will just drive across the state lines and pick it up.”
Austin also questioned the bill's effectiveness since the penalty for using, buying, possessing or selling powdered alcohol would be equivalent to a speeding ticket under the current proposal.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Committee members agreed to request further study on the issue but voted to approve the ban.
“This is going to be used and abused,” said Rep. Matthew Lehman, R-Berne. “If we don't do something now, I think we'll be back here with serious social problems.”
The bill was unanimously passed by the Senate in February. It now goes to the full House for consideration.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1MKrkKa
You may think of your iPhone as a friendly personal assistant. But once it's alone in a room full of law enforcement officials, you might be surprised at the revealing things it will say about you.
On Tuesday the American Civil Liberties Union published a report it obtained from a drug investigation by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency, documenting the seizure and search of a suspect's iPhone from her bedroom. While it's no surprise that a phone carries plenty of secrets, the document presents in stark detail a list of that personal information, including call logs, photos, videos, text messages, Web history, eight different passwords for various services, and perhaps most importantly, 659 previous locations of the phone invisibly gathered from Wifi networks and cell towers.
"We know the police have started using tools that can do this. We've known the iPhone retains records of the cell towers it contacts. But we've never before seen the huge amount of data police can obtain," says ACLU technology lead Chris Soghoian, who found the report in a court filing. "It shouldn't be shocking. But it's one thing to know that they're using it. It's another to see exactly what they get."
In this case, ICE was able to extract the iPhone's details with the help of the forensics firm Cellebrite. The suspect doesn't seem to have enabled a PIN or passcode. But even when those login safeguards are set up in other cases, law enforcement have still often been able to use tools to bypass or brute-force a phone's security measures. Google in some cases helps law enforcement to get past Android phones' lockscreens, and if law enforcement can't crack a seized iPhone, officers will in some cases mail the phone to Apple, who extract the data and return it stored on a DVD along with the locked phone.
The phone search and seizure described in the documented case required a warrant. But the legality of warrantless phone searches remains an open issue. At U.S. borders or when arresting a suspect, for instance, police and government officials have argued that no such warrant is required.
Failing legal protections, the ACLU's Soghoian says those who'd like to keep prying eyes away from their handsets' data should use long, complex passcodes and encrypt their phone's storage disk. "While the law does not sufficiently protect the private data on smartphones, technology can at least provide some protection," Soghoian writes.
Here's the full court document detailing the iPhone's forensic search.
—
Follow me on Twitter, and check out my new book, This Machine Kills Secrets: How WikiLeakers, Cypherpunks and Hacktivists Aim To Free The World's Information.
April 21st, 2017
Bryan Lunduke Interviews Richard Stallman
Last Friday, the Linux Tycoon (as well as the guy who's been known to say “Linux sucks”), Bryan Lunduke, sat down for a free form interview with Richard Stallman. We figured that no dyed-in-the-wool FOSSer would want to miss that.
The Screening Room
Thanks to user friendly distros such as Ubuntu, Linux Mint, PCLOS and Mageia, the use of GNU/Linux on personal desktops and laptops has been on an uptick for the last five years or so. It occurs to us that many of those who started using Linux during this time don't know that not only is Linux and the GNU stack great technology, it's also supported by an underlying philosophy about software freedom that is even more important.
That's a problem, because using Linux without understanding the basic ideas that brought about the GNU Project and the GPL, which makes Linux free to use and distribute (and insures it will stay that way), is key to understanding why everybody should be using free and open source software.
That's why we were pleased to discover that Bryan Lunduke sat down for an hour interview with Richard Stallman, the man behind GNU, the GPL, the Free Software Foundation and more. The unstructured interview was made available last Friday on the popular video podcast The Lunduke Hour.
We think this might be a great introduction, both to Stallman and the ideas behind Linux and free and open source software (Stallman prefers the term “free software”). Watching it might give newer Linux users an even deeper appreciation of Linux and all of the software it supports.
This doesn't mean that those of us who've been working and playing with Linux for years — even decades — won't benefit as well. If you haven't seen the interview yet, we invite you to kick off your shoes, grab yourself a cup of Joe (or the beverage of your choice), and watch the video.
We guarantee you, it'll be time well spent.
Tom Daley and Dustin Lance Black are reportedly off the market!
The British Olympic diver, 22, and the Oscar-winning screenwriter, 42, tied the knot Saturday at Bovey Castle in Devon, England - about 30 miles outside of Daley's hometown of Plymouth inside the same county, according to the BBC.
Black and Daley announced their engagement in the Births, Deaths and Marriages column of London newspaper The Times in October 2015.
The newlyweds, who have resided in London together since 2014, began dating in 2013. Daley came out as bisexual in a YouTube video late that year, announcing he was in a relationship with a man (Black).
View photos
“Come spring this year, my life changed massively when I met someone and it made me feel so happy, so safe ... That someone is a guy,” the Olympic medal-winner said in the video.
View photos
View photos
The twosome have spoken candidly in the past about their love for each other. Speaking to Out magazine for a 2016 cover story, Black - who won a Best Original Screenplay Oscar for Milk in 2009 - said, “Love is a commitment to me something that goes deep.
“You can't have that at first sight. It has to be earned,” he continued. “But did we start to fall in love at first sight? I believe so.”
And though wedding bells have just rung, kids might not be too far off for the couple. As Black added to Out, “We were so busy making all these plans we both wanted to have children; we both wanted to build a home of our own someday.
“I draw, so I was sketching little plans for houses on cliffs overlooking oceans, while Tom watched over my shoulder it was a very grown-up version of playing house,” he added.
This article was originally published on PEOPLE.com
The History of French Fries
A Friendly Rivalry Between Belgium and France
The history of French fries plays an important role in the long-lasting and for the most part friendly rivalry between France and its neighbor to the north, Belgium.
Belgian History
Lots of Belgian people claim that the potato was first fried in the late 1700's in the region of Wallonie, where the people traditionally ate small fried fish, but were forced to turn to other food when the rivers froze in the winter. Potatoes were sliced in small fish shapes, supposedly to imitate their traditional fare, and then fried in fat.
French History
At about the same time and during the French revolution, many French people claim that the fried potato was invented by Parisien cooks, specifically under the bridges that span the Seine river. This version of the history of French fries is recalled in the name of one type of fry eaten by the French known as Frites Pont-Neuf, named after a famous Parisien bridge.
The Humble Potato . . .
No history of french fries could be complete without a look at the potato. You might be surprised to learn that potatoes actually originated in South America and although they had been brought over to Europe in the 1500's, it took several hundred years for people to get over their natural distrust of this new food.
The Importance of Mr. Parmentier
If potatoes were being cooked at all in Europe at the time, it was mostly due to the efforts of a single man, Antoine-Augustine Parmentier, a Frenchman who championed the unappealing tuber as an excellent food source, even vaunting it's virtues to King Louis XVI. Using some expert marketing strategies, Parmentier managed to spread the popularity of the potato all over France and on into other parts of Europe. He is remembered to this day in the famous French dish, Hachis Parmentier which is a baked ground beef mixture topped with mashed potatoes and cheese.
. . . Rises to Stardom
Times have changed and potatoes are a now a food staple in many parts of the the world. And of course French fries are eaten everywhere in fast food restaurants. One of the reasons for the French fry's fast food success is that people don't want to be bothered to fix them at home. Heating all of that sputtering oil and cleaning up afterwards just doesn't seem to be worth the effort.
The French Fry Machine
In France, most homes are equipped with a friteuse, which you might be familiar with as a deep fryer. This device evenly heats and contains the oil. You can set it to specific temperatures which makes cooking a wide variety of fried foods much easier. They also come with all you need to handle the fried foods and are made to be easy to clean. Thanks to this machine, French fries are frequently eaten in French homes.
How to Make a Perfect French Fry
If you own a deep fryer, you can make really good French fires, by cooking them twice. The first cooking is for the inside of the fry and the second to give it a crunchy exterior.
Use potatoes that have a lower percentage of humidity - Russets for example.
Peel the potatoes and cut them in fries that measure about 1/3 inch on a side. To save on time, try using a French fry cutter.
Wash the cut potatoes with cold water to eliminate the starch which can cause the fries to stick to one another.
Cook the fries a first time at 325°F (160°C) for four to five minutes. Remove them and drain off any excess oil.
As they are cooling, heat the oil to 375°F (190°C) and add the potatoes again, frying shortly until golden brown on the outside.
Not up to frying? Try these easy, no-fuss oven French fries.
Types of French Fries
Of course, the history of French fries is an ongoing story. The French aren't going to stop with just one kind of fry!
Pommes Pont-Neuf - The classic French fry measuring about 1/3 of an inch on a side.
- The classic French fry measuring about 1/3 of an inch on a side. Pommes Allumettes - Skinny French fries - like what you get at most fast food restaurants.
- Skinny French fries - like what you get at most fast food restaurants. Pommes Paille - Super skinny French fries, often used to garnish a dish.
- Super skinny French fries, often used to garnish a dish. Pommes Soufflées - Round French fries, often served with a meat dish.
Some Popular Condiments
You might be surprised to see what we eat our French fries with in Europe. Ketchup sometimes, but also mayonnaise, tartar sauce, aioli, and my son even eats them with mustard!
One of my other sons was surprised when he ate over at a friends house and saw the Belgian father crack a raw egg over a sizzling plate of just cooked French fries.
But I guess he knows what he's doing. After all, according to the history of French fries, it was the Belgiums who invented them. Or was it the French?
Return from history of French fries to French Traditions.
Learn more about French food, recipes cooking and culture.
Hello there agents!It's been 13 months since our program went live, and we thought it'd be a good time to report on how we're doing.Right now TRS has a little over 38k downloads which, given that having a roomscale setup for VR is not common for everyone, we're very proud of.What makes us even happier however, are the reviews. That we're at 93% positive reviews on Steam is awesome, but actually reading what people wrote, which is often either super encouraging or extremely meme worthy, has made our day numerous times.The team has spread out across numerous countries and studios, but having worked on The Red Stare has been, and continues to be, an amazing experience for all of us.Thank you all so much for being part of this :)HQ out
Hello there agents,Some of you have reported issues - major frame drops and even crashes. After some of you did a number of tests (Thanks MonkeyMike and others!) it turns out that the HTC Vive's fairly new feature 'Motion smoothing' is causing most it. This is a feature that is automatically turned on, but causes big problems in The Red Stare. So you could try turning that off in the SteamVR settings.If that doesn't work however, pressing Alt+Enter to make the game run in a window rather than fullscreen has also fixed issues for some people.We're contacting Valve to see if we can find a fix for it, but in the meantime the best way to avoid issues like this is to turn off motion smoothing in SteamVR.Good luck out there!HQ out
BARCELONA, Spain — When you can smell the freshly cut and watered grass, you know you are close. When I sat down with my father in the first row at the Camp Nou last week before Barcelona played Paris St.-Germain in the Champions League, the sprinklers were still on, making the glorious green field slick and fast to suit the style of the home team.
This was one of those experiences when even part of it would have been enough. Being in the stadium was enough. Seeing the game live was enough. But front row seats, and seeing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suárez score — that was almost too much. There are some moments in life for which you cannot write a more perfect script. This game was one of them.
Despite witnessing a poetically brilliant event up close, I'm always in the mind-set of a professional player and student of the game. Here are three observations from watching this spectacle live, from field level:
1. Even in the basics, this was mastery of another dimension. Watching top men's teams warm up is always intriguing. Warm-ups in soccer are standard for the most part. Every team warms up. Most elite teams have a bit of time for the players to jog and kick around on their own, then go into a series of organized dynamic movements and stretches, followed by some possession, then shooting for attacking players and functional work for defenders. But never has the sentiment “the same but different” struck me as it did with these players. Never have the basics looked more thrilling. Their physical and technical capabilities, even while doing very mundane drills, were breathtaking. The speed and efficiency with which these guys do the basics we all learn as players is mind-blowing. The warm-up was only a foreshadowing. Watching this game redefined my concept of soccer mastery. Passes zipped across the wet grass at warp speed, only to be killed — over and over — with a perfect first touch by the recipient, who often also was running at full speed.
2. Lionel Messi's movement and timing are even better in person. Often it is hard to truly appreciate players' work rate and movement on television, which follows the ball. I will admit that for the first portion of the game, I felt Messi was being lazy. He seemingly just hung out wherever it was easiest to receive the ball with little pressure, then he would drift really deep, away from where he could even be considered dangerous.
Reading legal documents is a hobby of mine. I just finished reading the 72 page indictment of the 'Mega Conspiracy', as the feds call it, and have 3 thoughts: 1. Megaupload was a 'pirate' operation and everyone knows it. 2. The Dutch guy is an idiot for sending so much confidential information on email. What was he using? GMail? 3. This case proves there is a real business to be built by 'Hollywood' with their content on-line. The entire document is filled with examples of how the company owners, employees, but also their viral business model of referrals and advertising resulted in hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue. People ultimately were paying for content, either with cash or time they invested in building a referral network to continue their access to this content. Wow. People are willing to pay. Who would have thought?? This is powerful evidence that all content can benefit from new models, that aren't built on locked-in, locked-up, fenced-in gatekeeper denial of service. Two remnant thoughts: 1. PayPal and several hosting companies were also well aware of what MU was doing, yet they are not indicted (as far as I know). 2. Why the hell do we need SOPA? Seems the current system worked just fine.
View the forum thread.
Money-back guarantee. If you are not completely satisfied, you may cancel at any time. Please allow up to three weeks for your cancellation to be processed.
A unique global perspective The Economist's vision of the world, style and philosophy are different from other publications. We are international, we stress the links between politics and business, we are irreverent and we are independent. If it matters in our world we cover it - and cover it well.
Read by the world's political and business leaders With brevity, clarity, opinion and wit, we distil what's important on the global agenda and, most importantly, what to make of it. Our objectivity of opinion, originality of insight and advocacy of economic and political freedom set us apart from other publications. That's why six million people read The Economist every week, including the world's leading political and business figures.
Available in a format to suit your life Whether you read each week's copy of The Economist from cover to cover, scan the latest leaders on your smartphone, start your day with a shot of Espresso, listen to a special report at the gym or research a topic in our online archive - time with The Economist is always time well spent.
WhatPulse 2.1
We are pleased to announce the general availability of WhatPulse 2.1! There have been a lot of changes to the client since 2.0.4, mostly coming from the community input. Due to a lot of stability improvements, all users are encouraged to upgrade to 2.1.
When you do upgrade, please make sure you pulse your statistics before upgrading. This new version includes stronger database integrity checks, which might cause it to log out the first time 2.1 starts. After this first time, the client will make sure your database stays safe and strong!
As usual, you can find 2.1 on our download page. You can also find a summary of the changes right here:
New!
Per application keyboard/mouse statistics
WinPcap 4.1.3 for Windows 8 support
The login procedure has been simplified to be a breeze. You can add computers from the wizard and it auto detects your computer name.
New updater for automatic updates to make updating easier
An option to run WhatPulse as Administrator (Windows), to catch input from elevated applications
Database backups. This fixes startup crashes and data loss
Random client crashes
Client not counting input stats after hibernations
Linux crash when pf_ring (network) was not available
Windows lag every 5 minutes
Tons of other little things!
Network monitoring performance (less CPU)
Time period selector for per country network stats
Windows XP support (input and network stats)
Require SSL libraries on Linux, otherwise account settings cannot be saved
Linux: Set up network capabilities automatically instead of having to do it manually
Log to 'app.log' inside the settings directory so you can see what's going on
Tons of other little things!
If you are getting a startup error on Windows, please remove the directory %LOCALAPPDATA%WhatPulse and try again. It means your database is not integer, coming from the old client.
(CostanzaMiriano.com)
One Italian Wife's Countercultural Message to Women
Costanza Miriano, the author of Marry Him and Be Submissive, discusses with the Register her book and why she wrote it.
Edward Pentin
When Italian mother of four Costanza Miriano wrote Marry Him and Be Submissive, she had no idea it would be so popular, expecting it to be of interest only to family and friends. But the book has been a best-seller in Italy and gone on to be translated into several languages, including English.
A collection of letters addressed to Miriano's friends, mostly female, it deals with differences between men and women, engagement, marriage, family life, openness to life, having children, raising children and experiencing sexual relations as a gift from God.
“Such letters may look funny — in some bookshops, my books are placed in the humor section — but the content is very serious: It is actually the thought of the Church,” she explains on her website, adding that the title of the book was inspired by the letter of St. Paul to the Ephesians. “Women should try to be submissive, writes Paul. I think it means they have to be open, warm and patient. This is not a weak attitude, but the contrary, as women are strong and stable; welcoming and easygoing; they are capable of creating good relations with people. Women who are profoundly connected to their nature are truly happy and can give birth to a new life, whether in a biological or spiritual way.”
In this recent interview with the Register, Miriano explains more about the book, how its content can serve as an antidote to feminism, and how husbands and wives can have a more harmonious relationship, lived in faith.
Why did you write the book?
I had many friends who couldn't find the courage to marry just one man for their whole life, so it was due to my desire to see my friends as happy as I am. But I didn't think they were going to read it. I thought just my mother, sister and aunt would buy my book. I never expected all that has happened since.
The title, and particularly the word “submissive,” is provocative. Why did you choose it?
I didn't want to be provocative by choosing that word. My spiritual director used to tell me I had to be just like Mary, like the Mary in the Miraculous Medal: She has her hands opened, and she gives graces. He said that I had to have my hands open to receive what I was receiving from my husband, but my hands had to be open; I didn't have to check first if they were good enough. I just had to receive without looking, with hands open.
Also, just as Mary, with her feet, kills the serpent, so must I kill my tongue — because I don't always have to comment, to criticize my husband. So he said in that way I could be a good wife — not that I had to be submissive for the sake of being submissive, but because I had to stop being so critical, so unbearable, as I was at the beginning of marriage.
Would you say also that, on a spiritual level, it's more about dying to oneself? That both the woman and the man have to die to their own selfishness in order for the marriage to work?
Yes, because on the Christian level, there is a dying process, conversion to God — because in the current mentality, men and women just need to have a job, food, health and happiness, and then they are fine. But we are not “fine” — we are “ill,” we are wounded by original sin, so even if everything is going well for us, we are not happy. There is something which doesn't work inside us, like a bug in our system.
So marriage is one of the ways in which this bug can be healed. We are ill, but my husband is my way to Christ, and when he makes me suffer — angry — and I think I can't bear the way he behaves, that's the moment when “sculpting” is taking place. We have to find our beauty [through that]. Michelangelo said that by taking away things we don't need in the marble of a sculpture, you find the beauty inside.
Would you say your book is like an antidote to feminism, in many ways?
Yes, because I think feminists chose the wrong ways to affirm women, to empower women, because we adopted the masculine way. We tried to become like men, and we are not men, so we don't need to power, strength or independence. We are different. But we are not happy [because of feminism]. I know of many women who have power, success in their careers, but at the end of the day, they're not happy, deep down.
I think, at the beginning, feminism was just like a request: We needed to be looked on by someone else, we needed someone else's eyes on us, and when we asked for this, we asked for attention, someone to tell us we are beautiful, we are lovely. So at the beginning, feminism was a request about our looks, and it was like a spring, because women wanted to be seen. But then we adopted men's strategies, and we lost our path — because we call abortion a “right,” the right of killing our children, to kill through using contraception. We have given men the right to use our bodies without taking responsibility. It's not a victory. We lost.
It's said feminism has become so widespread it has also seeped into the Church. To what extent do you see this?
Our King died on the cross, so even man has to be Christian in that way, but a woman has to be doubly that way because she's a woman — she's made to make room inside her [for life]. If we have to define a woman, the most appropriate image is a room for other people. A woman is an empty room, and she has the power to give life and to make room inside herself to do that. So a Christian, Catholic woman who forgets that mission has lost everything.
Would you say all women now have a misplaced sense of independence, even among practicing Catholics, and that is a consequence of feminism? If so, how can this be overcome?
I think being independent is an illusion, because we depend on our boss at the office, for instance. We depend on many things. So it's just an illusion. We depend on one another, and especially women depend on other people. I know many women bosses at work who are very weak and fragile inside. We can be free when we deeply know we are loved by the other.
G.K. Chesterton used to say that women in the past were at home, not to be slaves, but to be freer to follow all their other interests because we are not mono-automatic like men. We have many interests in our lives. If you see a woman's agenda, she has women friends, her husband, her house; she takes care of her home; she wants to meet people, and also has a job.
But a man has a job, and that's it. I don't mean you don't have interests, but you can put on an on/off switch. When you work, you just work. We are always connected with our children — we are never apart from them, so we always depend on someone else. And I think it's beautiful to depend on someone else. I don't have a problem saying that if I'm asked a question and I can't answer, I'll call my husband and ask him, for example, “What do you think about the war in Syria?” Because that's a part of the world I don't know, and I need him to explain some things. I think it's beautiful to leave that part to him.
Men mustn't get a free pass, of course, and every husband has the responsibility of being committed to his wife and taking care of her. How important is this to the woman, so she can be who she is supposed to be? There's just as much responsibility on the part of the man, as well.
Yes, sure, but the main problem for men is selfishness. They don't want to die [to self] for the family, they want to have a part of life that's separate, to save something [for themselves]. So they have to be in a path of conversion, too. But I just ask women: What can we do to help the relationship? What we can do is to learn to watch them with eyes of great fullness. We have to see the good aspects of the man; we have to be like a mirror that gives him a beautiful image of himself. We have to give that good image. When a man feels he's looked upon in that way, he wants to die, to give his life. If we stop complaining, stop criticizing, stop saying: “You're not worth my life,” I have seen miracles.
I have made many presentations of the book in Italy, and I've met maybe thousands of people now. And I always tell a story about a couple living in the mountains: The husband, Gudbrando, one day goes to the market in the valley to sell one of two cows, but he can't sell it. So he exchanged the cow for a horse, and then the horse with a pig, and then the pig with a sheep, the sheep for a cock, the cock for a duck, and so on. Finally, he gets home with nothing because he always changed the animal for a smaller one. So he goes back to his wife, but runs into his neighbor, who tells him he wouldn't want to be in his shoes, as his wife will be very angry. But he says: “No, my wife is always happy about what I do.”
So the neighbor bet some money, and he listened to the conversation between Gudbrando and his wife, so he can check to see if his wife really is happy with whatever animal he might have changed it for. He said he first changed the cow for a horse, and she's happy because she'll have a horse to go to Mass. It's a long story, but at the end, the wife says: “It doesn't matter Gudbrando, even if you came home with nothing, because, for me, it's not important what you do — but it's important that you come back to me, that you love me, and so all that you do is done well in my eyes.”
I have found true wives of Gudbrando, the mountain man, all around Italy, from Turin to Palermo, and they keep writing me emails. They say things like: “I am at the Gudbrando stage No. 22, and my husband loves me more than ever because he has seen it in my eyes.” It's not a trick; it's a real desire to have a loyal look toward your husband. You decide you want to see all the good things he does for you, and it brings miracles in life. Sometimes even husbands write to me to thank me.
Would you also say all of this really comes down to faith, that faith is central to a good marriage?
Yes, because the real spouse is the Lord. As Pope St. John Paul II used to say, there's a distance between husband and wife which will never be covered, and this distance is the space for God in the couple. And in a real living relationship with the real Spouse, then you can love the other with a heart that is not demanding, not making claims. You are free to love because you are deeply loved by someone else. So daily Mass and prayer is the defender of my married life.
Would you like to say anything to close?
I would just like to say that I hope [many] a wife, like the one of Gudbrando, can become like an army around the world, to fight for marriage, which is in danger.
Edward Pentin is the Register's Rome correspondent.
So this recipe for carrot cake overnight oats got me a few weird looks from my friends and family when I first told them about it. But once they tried it they took those weird looks right back and told me I was a genius. Well not quite, but you know, creative license etc etc. I must admit that I am not the genius that came up with this idea. I have been seeing it all over the internet lately, and I love carrot cake, I love oats, so it would make sense to give this combo a go.
I was seriously shocked when I tasted these. It is like eating dessert for breakfast, but healthy. It honestly tastes like carrot cake, I guess I shouldn't be that surprised, what with all the cinnamon and nutmeg and deliciousness, but I was. I never think healthy oats flavoured like naughty treats will actually hit the spot, but these did, I could eat them for dessert very happily, though once they are dessert I think I deserve some sort of delicious frosting, don't you think?
But anyway, let's get our mind out of the frosting gutter (mmm cinnamon cream cheese frosting anyone?), and focus on the fact that these are so yummy, so healthy and so easy… that is the trifecta ladies and gentlemen! Oats are my absolute favourite ‘superfood'. Nothing fancy or expensive, but one of the healthiest and easiest foods around.
However, being a gluten free blog and all, I do feel the need to mention that here in Australia, oats are not considered gluten free, even when you buy the wheat free versions. While they do not contain gluten, they contain another protein called avenin which some celiacs seem to react to. N is fine with oats, as are a lot of coeliacs and people with gluten intolerances which is why I have decided to go ahead and post this. If oats don't sit well with you, I have made a bircher muesli in the past using a mixture of rolled rice, rolled quinoa, chia seeds and linseeds which worked out beautifully. The liquid to grain / seed ratio will change due to the chia seeds being super absorbent, but on the plus side you only need to soak this mixture for a couple of hours.
Carrot Cake Overnight Oats
Prep Time: 5-10 mins
Soak Time: Overnight
Serves: 2-3
Ingredients:
1 cup gluten free oats
1 cup of milk of your choice (rice, oat or coconut milk are good options to keep keep it nut free and dairy free)
1 large carrot, peeled and grated
1 tsp cinnamon
1 tsp mixed spice
1/2 tsp nutmeg
1 large banana, mashed
Method:
Mix all ingredients together in an airtight container and store in the fridge overnight.
Serve alone or topped with nuts, seeds, fruit and/ or yoghurt. I topped with mine with the Conscious Food's Pura Veda blend.
Earlier this year, the BBC sparked an international discussion about pay equity following the release of an embarrassing report on the salaries of its staff. Men at the organization were being paid 9.3 percent more than women on average. What's more, only a third of the BBC's highest-paid on-air stars were women, and some 500 female employees earned less than men who had similar roles.
Stories like this are becoming familiar, as more evidence piles up that women are less likely to be promoted than men and earn less on average. We see it not just in journalism but in tech and countless other fields — including medicine, a profession that relies mostly on women. Studies have shown that female doctors earn up to 27 percent less than male doctors in the same specialty.
But it can be difficult to suss out just how much of these gaps can be explained by bias alone versus differences in rank or productivity.
Now a working paper out of Harvard University offers new insight on that question. And it's a damning indictment of gender bias in the workplace.
For the paper, economics PhD candidate Heather Sarsons came up with an ingenious study design to tease out exactly how much more women were punished at work compared to men when you held other factors like their positions or performance stable. Sarsons got Medicare data on referrals by doctors to surgeons, and then looked at what happened to doctors' referral rates after one of their patients died during a surgery. Would the doctor continue sending patients to that surgeon?
It turns out the surgeon's gender — more than his or her performance — massively swayed that decision. The referring doctors judged female surgeons who had bad patient outcomes much more harshly than male surgeons, and that judgment determined whether they'd send their patients to the surgeon later.
“[Doctors] increase their referrals more to a male surgeon than to a female surgeon after a good patient outcome,” Sarsons wrote, “but lower their referrals more to a female surgeon than a male surgeon after a bad outcome.”
Referrals dropped by 54 percent after a patient died at the hands of a female surgeon, but when it was a male surgeon whose patient died, there was only a small stagnation in the referrals the surgeon received from the doctor.
What's more, a good patient outcome (i.e., an unanticipated survival) led doctors to become more optimistic about a male surgeon's ability, again using referral volumes after a surgery as the proxy for the doctors' views of the surgeons' talent. The same wasn't true for female doctors.
“I was surprised at how persistent [the effect] was,” Sarsons told Vox. She looked at data for up to a year and a half after a bad event, and found female surgeons were consistently receiving fewer referrals. “Women were being punished more for a bad event,” she added.
Perhaps most disturbingly, she also uncovered that the poor performance of one female surgeon later shaped how all female surgeons in the same specialty were viewed by referring physicians afterward. Sarsons found this happening in the context of new referrals for doctors, when they didn't have long relationships with the surgeons. Again, there were no similar “spillovers” to male surgeons after a negative experience with one new surgeon.
“[Doctors] become less likely to form new referral connections with women after a bad experience with one female surgeon,” Sarsons wrote. “A bad experience with one male surgeon does not affect [doctors'] behavior toward other men.”
Harvard Medical School professor Anupam Bapu Jena, who has studied the gender wage gaps but was not involved in this paper, said he thought the study was “extraordinarily clever.” Given how difficult it can be to sort out where bias may arise in the work context, Sarsons helped pinpoint it: Gender-biased reactions were the strongest when a doctor was beginning to refer his or her patients and had little other information on which to judge the surgeon. In those cases, a person's gender became a shorthand for their competence.
It's not a shocker that we can be less forgiving of women and harder on them when they falter. And the study shows we respond more to positive information about a man in the workplace, and more to negative information about a woman. The result is that for the exact same errors as men, women's careers and earnings might take a much harder hit. (In this case, they didn't get as many referrals as male doctors — which suggests they undertook fewer cases and earned less.)
The bias Sarsons uncovered might just explain “these gaps,” she said, “and why we see these differences: women being promoted less frequently than men, women [not having] as many raises, women being under-rewarded for their successes.”
By Tauqeer Jalal In June 15, 2014 On Freebies, Inspiration 13914 Views
23 Flares 23 Flares ×
Today we are presenting Free Simple Business Card Templates for your inspiration these business cards are fully layered , well arranged easy to customize and editable . Both templates are available horizontally and vertically you can easily download by clicking on download Free PSD file button and your download will start automatically . These Free business cards templates are absolutely free you can use these personal or commercial where ever you want to use .
Business card is very important to show your business portfolio in front of your client it is very important to give your personal business card to your client it shows professional way to describe your company and your own style of work it attracts in customers eye .
Choose the best business card for creating a better image of your profession so , here we have collected some good resolution business cards hope you will like them . Enjoy !
NOTE:-
If you have any question about business card you can contact us by contact us form so we will send you another copy of PSD file in case of download issue or file corruption .
Features
Double-sided
Horizontal Business Card
Square Corners
CMYK Color Mode
High resolution (300 DPI)
Print Dimensions: 3.5” x 2” (horizontal)
Print Dimensions: 2” x 3.5” (Vertical)
Free Fonts (LATO)
Print ready
Vector Shapes
Business Card Template 01
Download PSD File
Business Card Template 02
Download PSD File
Business Card Template 03
Download PSD File
Business Card Template 04
Download PSD File
Business Card Template 05
Download PSD File
Business Card Template 06
Download PSD File
UCF football made national headlines in 2015 for all the wrong reasons.
Just one year after capturing the team's second consecutive American Athletic Conference title, the program imploded with a 0-12 finish. Former Oregon offensive coordinator Scott Frost now must pick up the fractured pieces during his first season as a head coach leading the Knights.
Frost and his staff are facing great expectations from Knights fans eager to see if the “UCFast and UCFierce” slogans live up to the hype when spring football workouts start Tuesday.
Here are five burning questions to be answered this spring:
Can this be a breakout season for rising senior QB Justin Holman?
It's hard to blame Holman for a streaky ride during which he's seen three – count ‘em – three position coaches and three coordinators, the latest UCF tandem being Troy Walters (OC) and Mario Verduzco (QB).
No one has a guaranteed starting position, but it's likely Holman will lead the team in his last hurrah.
His production last season was partly impacted by a gruesome finger fracture he suffered to his throwing hand against Stanford in September. He completed 127 of 250 passes for seven touchdowns and 14 interceptions during nine games last year and the team ranked dead last in total offense among the 127 FBS teams in 2015.
Holman will be expected to lead a group of seven quarterbacks, including former quarterbacks-turned-receivers-turned-quarterbacks Nick Patti and Pete DiNovo.
How quickly can players absorb an Oregon offense?
Exotic schemes mean nothing without execution.
Outside of UCF's team of quarterbacks, no group has more studying to do this spring than the offensive line. Shifting from a pro-style offense to a zone-read emphasizes the need for athletic, mobile linemen with a keen understanding of placement. Since only one of the four offensive linemen signed in February is on campus (Trinity Valley transfer Christian Beard), this group of returning players has the best opportunity to develop some continuity within a new system guided by former Philadelphia Eagles assistant Greg Austin.
What role will tight ends play in this new offense?
UCF's receivers served as one of the few bright spots last season as redshirt freshman Tre'Quan Smith was named the league's rookie of the year. But this group could see some shuffling, with previously injured receivers Jordan Akins and Jordan Franks expected to join this group full-time along with returnee Aaron Cochran and Cal Bloom. Akins is still recovering from a torn ACL last fall, but given Beckton's track record as a defensive back and receivers coach, this could be an interesting group to watch anyway.
Who will impress new DC Erik Chinander?
AAC opponents averaged 44.8 points against UCF's defense last season and with just three senior starters having graduated, several players are returning this spring looking to leave a better impression for the new staff.
Chinander is expected to change UCF's traditional base 4-3 defense to a 3-4 with some other new wrinkles.
Sophomores Chequan Burkett (LB, 56 tackles) and Jamiyus Pittman (DT, 45 tackles) were two of the Knights' most consistent performers during last year's rocky season and will look to elevate their production.
What will the new UCF culture look like?
UCF isn't introducing a new chapter to its football program. It's an entirely different book. And while some things will look familiar (i.e. morning practices), the rest will be an unfolding mystery as nearly all practices will be closed to the public.
It's a young staff where the average age of the staffers sits around 39-years-old if you subtract the elder statesman in Verduzco. But even Verduzco can hang with the young guns as he's a work-out fanatic that gets to the office around 5 a.m. everyday.
A new staff, new strength and conditioning team, new front office should add to the intrigue leading up to UCF's spring game on Saturday, April 16th.
E-mail Shannon Green at sgreen@orlandosentinel.com. Follow her on Twitter at @osknights.
Image copyright Getty Images
The US economy added 242,000 jobs in February, far better than the 190,000 expected by economists.
The Labor Department numbers underlined the strength of the US economy and may allow the Federal Reserve to gradually raise interest rates this year.
Another 30,000 jobs were also added to the previous estimates for December and January.
The unemployment rate was unchanged from January at 4.9% - an eight-year low.
Luke Bartholomew, investment manager at Aberdeen Asset Management, said: "This should scotch suggestions that the US is about to tip into recession. It's yet more evidence that the labour market is in good shape, although wage growth was more disappointing."
The year-on-year growth in average hourly earnings slowed to 2.2% last month from 2.5% in January.
Last week, official figures indicated that the US economy expanded at an annualised pace of 1% in the quarter, compared with an initial estimate of 0.7%.
The strong jobs market and improved growth outlook, together with signs that inflation is creeping up, could prompt the Fed to raise rates in the summer.
It did so in December for the first time in nearly a decade - a decision that had been criticised by some for holding back the economic recovery.
Services growth
However, Chris Williamson, chief economist at Markit, questioned whether the Fed would act anytime soon.
"Current signs of rising inflationary pressures and a tightening labour market need to be viewed alongside indications that the pace of economic growth may be slowing, and possibly sharply, amid growing concerns about the outlook," he said.
"The big question will be the extent to which the Fed heeds the warning lights flashing in the background."
The services sector created 245,000 jobs last month after adding 153,000 jobs in January, while construction added 19,000 positions and government added 12,000.
However, mining lost a further 18,000 jobs after shedding 9,000 positions the previous month, and the manufacturing sector shed 16,000 jobs, reversing some of January's surprise increase.
Image copyright AP
Meanwhile, the US trade deficit rose in January as exports fell for a fourth consecutive month.
The Commerce Department said the gap between exports and imports climbed to $45.7bn in January from a revised $44.7bn in December.
Exports of goods and services fell 2.1% in January to $176.5bn - the lowest since June 2011. US exporters have been hurt by a global economic slowdown and by a strong dollar that makes US products more expensive overseas.
Imports fell 1.3% to $222.1bn - the lowest since April 2011.
Get ready for NC Beer Month
Boasting the largest number of craft breweries in the American South, the great state of North Carolina features over 150 different breweries and brewpubs. A month-long celebration of these great beer brewing establishments, both veteran and new, known as NC Beer Month, starts in April. Featuring breweries from the mountains to the coast, the entire month will be dedicated to plenty of beer inspired events, tastings, take overs, pairings, and much more. But with April still a month away, who wants to wait? Let's kick off the celebration of North Carolina beer in March!
Starting March 1st, check-in to any beer from a North Carolina based brewery listed here and you will unlock the “NC Beer Month - March (2016)” badge. And if that wasn't enough, do the same in April to unlock the “NC Beer Month - April (2016)” badge! Two full months of celebration for NC beer plus two new badges for you to unlock!
To learn more about NC Beer Month and get a list of events and special tastings throughout the state, head over to http://www.ncbeermonth.com.
Thousands clash with police during G7 summit protest in Germany, calling for 'system to fall'
Updated
Protesters have clashed with police in the German town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, as thousands demonstrated against a meeting of Group of Seven (G7) leaders that starts on Sunday at a nearby luxury hotel.
Police responded with pepper spray when a group of marchers tried to break through their cordon; scuffles first broke out as the demonstrators, some throwing bottles, faced off with riot police.
One paramedic said several protesters were taken to hospital and he was aware of around 30 people with minor injuries.
A police spokeswoman could not give any official figures on casualties nor say whether there had been any arrests.
The crowd was estimated by police at 3,500 to 4,000, while organisers put it at 7,500.
Police vastly outnumbered the marchers, with some 17,000 German police around the summit site and another 2,000 Austrian police on standby across the nearby border.
Playing drums, tambourines and shaking rattles, protesters shouted: "Brick by brick, wall by wall, stop G7 and make the system fall!"
They carried banners reading "Fight G7 for Revolution" and "G7 go to hell! I like Putin".
"I'm protesting because the big financial corporations have too much influence over politics," said Thomas Schmidbauer, 50, from Sindlsdorf in Bavaria.
"Poverty isn't being tackled. It is unfair. We could organise our economies much better for the people."
The protest began in scorching heat but as it drew to a close a thunderstorm drenched the demonstrators and threatened to wash out their camp.
Excluding Putin to 'escalate conflict'
German chancellor Angela Merkel will welcome the leaders of Britain, Canada, France, Italy, Japan, the United States and the European Union today at a meeting expected to focus on issues like climate change, the fight against pandemics, Middle East turmoil and an upsurge of violence in Ukraine.
They are also due to discuss the world economic recovery and officials said Greece's unresolved debt standoff with its International Monetary Fund and Eurozone creditors would figure on the sidelines.
This will be the second summit of industrial nations to exclude Russia, frozen out of the G8, following its annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region last year.
Rainer Lipfert, 71, wearing a red t-shirt saying "Putin sympathiser", said excluding Russian president Vladimir Putin would only escalate the conflict.
"We're seeing the beginning of a Cold War now with both sides rattling their sabres," he said.
Ms Merkel spoke to Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko before the G7 summit and they called for all sides to respect a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine after the latest flare-up, a German government spokeswoman said.
Reuters
Topics: world-politics, activism-and-lobbying, germany
First posted
Megan Davies, North Carolina's chief epidemiologist, resigned this week in the latest bit of drama over drinking water safety — drama that involves the state's biggest utility and the administration of Republican Gov. Pat McCrory. Davies, who accused state officials of deliberately misleading residents, gives up her post of seven years and an $188,000 annual salary.
The story begins in 2014, when a Duke Energy power plant spilled 40,000 tons of toxic coal ash and 27 million gallons of wastewater into the Dan River. The ash is a byproduct of burning coal, and it's harmful to people and ecosystems, containing silica, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic.
In the aftermath of the spill, public concern grew over Duke's 32 coal ash storage sites around the state. Many of them were revealed to be unprotected, sitting in unlined basins — just heaps of coal ash in giant pits, leaching toxic elements and a carcinogen called hexavalent chromium into the water table.
Soon after, hundreds of households near the storage sites were told by state officials not to drink from their wells due to concerns over water quality. In April 2015, Duke Energy began providing bottled water to those homes.
The do-not-drink order, however, didn't last. A year after warning residents that their well water wasn't safe, representatives from the state's Department of Environmental Quality and the Department of Health and Human Services changed their minds, writing to the impacted households that their water was actually fine.
Testing, however, showed that well water near the coal ash sites still had levels of hexavalent chromium higher than in the municipal water supply. And Duke Energy, it turned out, had lobbied the state to reverse the do-not-drink order, even though nothing about most of the storage sites had changed. There were still unlined coal ash sites dotting the state, and there were still toxins in the water.
The optics for the state government were bad. McCrory was an employee of Duke Energy for nearly 30 years before becoming governor, and several state employees disagreed with the decision to reverse the do-not-drink order. This included Ken Rudo, a toxicologist for the Department of Health and Human Services, who believed that it was Duke's connection to the government that led to the reversal of the order. Emails from within the department show that Rudo pushed back against DHHS's decision and removed his name from the letter telling residents that their water was safe.
This information came to light when the Associated Press obtained a copy of a deposition Rudo gave in July as part of a lawsuit filed against Duke by the Sierra Club and other conservation groups. Duke tried, unsuccessfully, to seal the documents, but in court Rudo accused his boss — state public health director Randall Williams — of lying to the public.
“The state health director's job is to protect public health,” said Rudo. “And in this specific instance, the opposite occurred. He knowingly told people that their water was safe when we knew it wasn't.”
When the story came out, Williams and Department of Environmental Quality representative Tom Reeder responded by publishing an open letter portraying Rudo as a rogue scientist who doesn't understand water toxicology.
Rudo, however, was not alone in criticizing the state. After Williams and Reeder's public takedown of Rudo, Davies, the state's top epidemiologist, resigned in protest.
“The editorial signed by Randall Williams and Tom Reeder presents a false narrative of a lone scientist in acting independently to set health screening levels and make water use recommendations to well owners,” Davies wrote in her resignation letter this week, adding that she had personally briefed the state on the well problem multiple times in 2015.
Davies wrote that resigning from her position is a huge loss, both professionally and personally. But, she continued, “I cannot work for a Department and an Administration that deliberately misleads the public.”
Meanwhile, the hundreds of families living near coal ash sites remain in limbo. The state says their water is fine, but levels of hexavalent chromium are still high, so residents are left to decide for themselves whether to drink the water or not. If they choose not to, Duke is still delivering bottled water every two weeks. But, according to a company spokesperson, it's not because the water isn't safe; they're just being good neighbors.
By Katie Herzog, Grist
On Thursday, 30 November, Nashville SC announced the signing of goalkeeper Matt Pickens as its first-ever player, followed by the announcement of the signings of three other players, defender Oumar Ballo, midfielder Matt Lagrassa, and forward Robin Shroot. Pickens, 35, has played for the Chicago Fire and Colorado Rapids in MLS, and the Virginia Beach Mariners (while on loan) and the Tampa Bay Rowdies in the USL. Pickens began his career in Division 1 college soccer, playing for the Missouri State University Bears, while also playing for the Chicago Fire Premier team in the USL Premier Development League. After graduating, Pickens was drafted by the Chicago Fire in 2004, but was loaned out to the Virginia Beach Mariners for most of the 2004 season. Back with the Fire in 2005, he did not see much playing time until the second half of the 2006 season, during which time the Fire won the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup with his help. In his three seasons with the Chicago Fire, Pickens had 46 caps (career appearances) in 43 starts, and kept 13 clean sheets.
In 2008, Pickens took a brief detour in England with Queen's Park Rangers before being traded to the Colorado Rapids in January 2009. He flourished in his almost five seasons in Colorado, racking up 125 caps, 23 clean sheets, and winning the 2010 MLS Cup with the Rapids under head coach Gary Smith. Yes, that Gary Smith. The same Gary Smith who just brought Pickens to Nashville. In 2014, however, Colorado released Matty P, who was acquired by the New England Revolution and then sold to the Tampa Bay Rowdies, who were currently in the North American Soccer League and would join the USL in 2017 with the restructuring of the American soccer pyramid. In the four seasons he spent in Tampa Bay, Pickens would make 102 caps in 101 starts, and keep 28 clean sheets. He was invited to five US men's national team (USMNT) training camps, but he has not (yet) earned a national cap, presumably because he has too much hair on his head, and would make Tim Howard and Brad Guzan jealous.
So, that brings us to Nashville. Why did Nashville SC sign Matt Pickens? What does he bring to the team? Well, don't just take it from me. “Matt is one of the elite goalkeepers over the last 10 years in MLS. He is first-class professional and an MLS Champion,” said Coach Smith on Pickens. Having coached Pickens during that MLS Championship season in 2010, Smith knows exactly what he's talking about.
From what I've seen, he has a good arm, and a good eye for picking out passes to start counter attacks. Coach Smith has a tendency to adapt his tactics and formations depending on his opponent, but Pickens has experience playing under him, and will be vital in building attacks from the back.
Okay, that's great, but what good is a goalkeeper if, you know, he can't keep balls from going in the goal? I mean, that's in his job description: goalkeeper, as in keeper of balls from going in goal. Well, let's take a look at some of Pickens' goalkeeping resumé:
Matt Pickens is 6'3″ tall, and has the ability to reach up and send balls over the net. He has great reflexes, as shown by the second and fourth saves he makes in the above video. In 2012, Matt Pickens was voted the Colorado Rapids' MVP. The team released a highlight reel of his work, linked below:
At Tampa Bay, Pickens continued to be in form:
Pickens has excellent goal coverage, the ability to get up high and defend upper 90 balls, and good awareness of his positioning. When caught out of position, like in the below video, he has the agility to still make the save:
He is able to throw himself across the goal to make saves with his hands or even the tips of his fingers. His jump saves are incredible, and he clearly has good reflexes. Some of his quick reflex saves look very similar to MLS Save of the Year by Atlanta United's Brad Guzan against Toronto FC's Jozy Altidore. And, as shown below, the dude can move quickly to make saves:
So, what does Pickens bring to Music City? He brings extensive MLS and USL/NASL experience, a good working relationship with Head Coach Smith, the ability to distribute well, good soccer IQ, and great reflexes. Overall, I'd be willing to say we got a great deal here with Pickens. At 35 years old, he is still in excellent form for goalkeepers (Colorado's current keeper is Tim Howard, who is 38, and Atlanta United's Brad Guzan is 32). Pickens still has another few years left in him, and will be an experienced leader on the team during Nashville SC's inaugural season.
If you've read this far, good for you. If you're interested in more Matty P, here's an almost ten minute-long video of Pickens' highlights at the Chicago Fire. I recommend you listen with the sound off, the song that goes with it is mildly NSFW (language).
Advertisements
Flash back exactly 20 years ago, when the stitching in the newly patched-together Saskatchewan Party appeared to be coming apart at the seams.
This was supposed to be a true Saskatchewan Party, reflective of the province's majority free-enterprise view, with enough social consciousness to be attractive to most everyone.
But its initial gathering in Saskatoon was hijacked by social conservatives — many of them anti-abortionists who had been attracted by the prospects of moulding this new political force into their own likeness.
Perhaps that abortion debate didn't come to fruition at that first Sask. Party convention, but social conservatives did pass resolutions calling for an end to the Saskatchewan Human Rights Commission, chain gangs for prisoners and boot camps for young offenders. (A decade later and under Brad Wall's leadership, such resolutions were suddenly expunged from the Sask. Party record of past resolutions.)
It made for bizarre scenes at that 1997 convention. There was former Liberal candidate Robin Bellamy (who followed Rod Gantefoer, Ken Krawetz, June Draude and Bob Bjornerud) trying to explain to Sask. Party “delegates” why boot camps don't really work. There was former Progressive Conservative social services minister Grant Schmidt (the guy who once advised welfare mothers to grow gardens like his wife did) sounding like the voice of reason by arguing such resolutions would not be palatable.
Alas, a hard rubber stamp 0f social conservatism has been imprinted on the Sask. Party. Its ink has been indelible, never quite fading.
Neither back then nor now has anyone in the Sask. Party made any bones about the fact that their raison d'etre has been to defeat the NDP and what the right views as the regressive record of growth and development under Saskatchewan NDP governments.
From Day 1, the Sask. Party's prime directive has been to defeat New Democrats. And lest anyone think this is untoward or unfair, consider the similar unfairness of our first-past-the-post system that has seldom perfectly reflected the wishes of Saskatchewan's centre-right majority.
Just two years earlier in 1995, Roy Romanow's NDP won 42 of the 58 legislative assembly seats with less than half (47.2 per cent) of the vote. The Liberals received 34.7 per cent that year while the PCs received 17.9 per cent of the popular vote. Two years after the Sask. Party's formation in 1999, Romanow's NDP won 29 of 58 seats with only 38.7 per cent of the popular vote — less than the 39.6 per cent received by the Sask. Party, who were badly hampered by the Liberals' 20.2 per cent of the vote.
In fact, Wall's three majority popular vote wins in the past 10 years were as many as Saskatchewan had seen in the previous 36 years from 1971 to 2007.
The long-standing lesson the Sask. Party is failing to learn is that it's not very successful when it's seen to be placating social conservatives. It leads to other potential free-enterprise voters looking elsewhere to mark their ballots.
Consider the StarPhoenix's story by Alex MacPherson that within the last year, Wall's government examined a law in which girls under 18 years of age would be forced to receive parental consent before getting an abortion — something that would create multiple constitutional issues and “insurmountable” problems, according to provincial government documents.
Consider that three of the current leadership hopefuls (Ken Cheveldayoff, Scott Moe and Rob Clarke) expressed support for this notion in the RightNow survey, even though two of them were in cabinet in the past year and would have been privy to the legal opinion cabinet sought.
Consider that the sudden hardline appeal to pro-lifers by Cheveldayoff doesn't seem all that coincidental, given that it comes during a Sask. Party race when candidates have had significant difficulty distinguishing themselves from one another.
That politicians in this party are still using social conservative foot soldiers for their own political gain (with no evidence that they can or will actually address the abortion issue when in government) seems both unethical and troubling.
But that the Sask. Party still doesn't seem to get that hard-line social conservatives are a political problem is even more bizarre.
Mandryk is the political columnist for the Regina Leader-Post.
mmandryk@postmedia.com
The Super Frost Moon returned Sunday night and was even more spectacular than the night before. Take a look at a time-lapse video from NBC10.
Send us your photos of the Super Frost Moon HERE
It was a Supermoon weekend!
The moon was full Sunday after being almost full Saturday night. It made its closest approach to the Earth -- the definition of a supermoon.
That combination made the moon seem about 14 percent larger in diameter than usual, NASA said. Supermoons typically appear about 30 percent brighter than the usual moon.
Time-Lapse: Super Frost Moon Lights Up the Sky
The Super Frost Moon lit up the sky Saturday night and will do so again Sunday night. Take a look at our time-lapse video. (Published Saturday, Dec. 2, 2017)
It was a particularly bright supermoon for the United States, thanks to the more intense sunlight that reflects off the moon in winter, NASA said.
As if that weren't enough: This supermoon, the only one visible in 2017, was also a Super Frost Moon.
Your Photos: Super Frost Moon
This last full moon of the year is known as a Frost Moon, Cold Moon or Moon Before Yule. It doesn't always correspond with a supermoon (though it did in December 2016).
NASA, which apparently has a sense of humor, suggested dressing for the occasion. "As usual, the wearing of suitably celebratory celestial attire is encouraged in honor of the full Moon."
Supermoon Sightings From Around The World
In Defense of Raiden
Crypto Vision Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 6, 2017
Disclaimer: I contributed the non-KYC cap of 2.5ETH to the Raiden Token Auction. This article is not financial advice.
The Raiden Network is an off-chain network with the ability of super fast and super cheap transactions of ether as well as ERC20 tokens. Their solution is highly scalable so it's been the main horse in the race of scaling Ethereum. Raiden consists of three separate parts: μRaiden, Raiden and Raidos.
μRaiden is the first product which covers a simple use case of the Raiden network. μRaiden enables many-to-one payments, so for example payments of many users to a one vendor or dApp.
Raiden is the fully fletched network that allows many to many payments with the characteristics described above: fast, cheap, scalable.
The Raiden Network is an off-chain transfer network for Ethereum ERC20 tokens. It provides a fast, scalable, and cheap alternative to on-chain token transfers. At the same time, the Raiden Network transfers provide users with guarantees of finality, security, and decentralization similar to those known from blockchains.
Raidos is their idea of generalized state channels using side chains. This means that Ethereum could potentially run any kind of smart contract or transfer any type of digital good with satellite chains.
The big Problem of Raiden
Shortly after announcing their first product release, μRaiden, they also announced their ICO and token model.
This created an outrage in the Ethereum community mainly for two reasons:
Raiden is seen as such an integral project to Ethereum's vision that many assumed it was developed and funded by the Ethereum Foundation and integrated into Ethereum's core.
The ICO craze has turned insane with many scams and massively overfunded and overvalued projects crowding the space. This created an ICO fatigue in the community which probably hit its peak with the Raiden token auction announcement.
In Defense of Raiden
I want to go over the main criticism of the Raiden token auction and share my opinion on the matter.
The token is not useful!
The RDN token will be used to pay auxiliary products in the network. While auxiliary implies that it's not really necessary I believe that this is simply wrong. Without those services, like advanced path finding services, the network will be very inconvenient to use. Nobody will want to run a full node without receiving a reward either. I think a simple-to-understand metaphor is the internet: While it's free and built on open source technologies, nobody would be able to use it without their ISPs, DNS providers and convenience service providers such as Google. All of these get paid and everyone thinks that's alright.
But they could simply use ETH for their fees!
This is a very important point of criticism that almost every ICO has to face. I partly agree with that point. However using your own token is a great way to reward early contributors, early network participants and everyone else who helps to enhance the network. Oh, and it's a great way for fund raising. Check the Ethereum website for why it's a great idea:
The Ethereum landing page promotes ICOs as one of the main use cases of Ethereum.
Their ICO is just a greedy money grab
The Raiden team was very clear on the goals and mechanics of their token sale. This was not intended to be a quick flip for pre-sale participants (there was none) or early VC investors. With their token auction structure they ensured the long term funding of their project. A project that is so important to so many people in the community. The company developing Raiden is a for-profit organisation and their developers want a fair salary for their work - we don't live in communism and I consider this a good thing. They simply raised what the market deemed as fair.
Vitalik offered to fund them though
If you had the choice between getting funded by one overlord or thousands of enthusiastic community members excited about your product, which would you choose? There are no details available as to Vitalik's conditions so I don't want to speculate much about this topic. From all known facts the ICO was clearly the right choice.
Open source contributors don't get any reward for their work
There are 32 contributors to the Raiden codebase on Github. It's not easy to find the number of employees of Brainbot labs (the company developing Raiden) but from the regularity of contributions crushcrypto assumed 8 employees. After the 8 most frequent contributors there are only contributors with very small additions to the codebase. However, no matter how small the contribution, it can be still very valuable to a project.
It is unlikely that any of the contributors knew about an upcoming ICO so I assume they contributed in the knowledge of helping an underfunded project. While an open source contribution should never come with the expectation of a reward of any form other than acknowledgement, I think it would be a fair move by the Raiden team to reward the contributors from their “External Development Fund” (which holds 16% of all RDN token).
Conclusion
All things considered the Raiden token auction created a lot of bad press for the project. I think this is because the project was held against the highest standards, morally as well as technically. People care about this project and that's why it created a strong emotional reaction in the community.
Analyzing the situation more rationally paints a picture of a level headed and professional team that made the right decision at the right time for the project's success.
The ICO structure was a turn off for flippers and anyone expecting quick gains. This allowed the true believers to fund the project. Now Raiden is funded well enough but through the community's outcry also heavily undervalued. I hope once the dust settles and they demo more of their disrupting technology more people will realize this and support the project.
Getty Images
Former Patriots running back Craig James, who lost his job commentating on college football for FOX Sports after just one week, now says he was the victim of religious discrimination, and he has hired a lawyer to do something about it.
James spent one week working for FOX Sports Southwest before FOX announced that he would not be back, citing anti-gay comments James had made. James now says those comments were expressions of his religious beliefs, and he says FOX's statement about his termination was tantamount to a ban on religious people working at the network.
“I was shocked that my personal religious beliefs were not only the reason for Fox Sports firing me but I was completely floored when I read stories quoting Fox Sports representatives essentially saying that people of faith are banned from working at FOX Sports,” James told Breitbart.com. “That is not right and surely someone made a terrible mistake.”
But FOX did not say people of faith are banned from working at FOX Sports. What FOX said was that James's anti-gay comments would not be tolerated by FOX's human resources department. FOX also says James is a polarizing figure, and that his initial hiring was not properly vetted.
James was a Pro Bowler in 1985 and had a successful broadcasting career at ESPN, which he left to run for the U.S. Senate in his home state of Texas. James finished a distant fourth in the Republican primary, with 4 percent of the vote. ESPN said during James's Senate campaign that he would not be brought back, and other than that one week at FOX Sports Southwest, he has not found work in broadcasting since leaving ESPN.
Just as “mid century” furnishings have become marketable antiques, you can be sure that “jet age” artifacts will also soon become collectible, if they aren't already so. They certainly are in the car community. The Concours of America featured jet age station wagons in 2012 and jet age convertibles last year. The influence of aircraft design on American automotive styling is well known, dating to before the actual jet age. Part of automotive lore is the fact that the 1948 Cadillac's tail fins were inspired by the P-38 fighter, and before that Hudson used the Terraplane brand, no doubt a nod to aviation. However, airplane influenced automotive design really took off (sorry, had to do it) with the advent of high speed jet aircraft, culminating, I suppose, in the Chrysler Turbine car of the early 1960s. American designers weren't the only car stylists to evoke the look of jet aircraft. Italian designers were almost more overt in borrowing shapes from what then were primarily military aircraft. Bertone's B.A.T. series, shaped with the use of wind tunnels, perforce had to look a bit like aircraft, what with form following aerodynamic function, but with cars with names like Ghia's limited series of coachbuilt Supersonic cars, it was clear that the influence was more than just functional. Battista “Pinin” Farina's contribution to jet age styling was the Lancia Aurelia PF200.
Before Pinin Farina remade the family name into a portmanteau containing his own nickname, he made a name for himself as an automotive designer with the landmark 1948 Cisitalia 202. Car-writing convention dictates that I now tell you that the Cisitalia was so revolutionary and such an elegant design that it was chosen to be on permanent display in New York City's Museum of Modern Art (convention also dictates that I refer to that institution as MOMA). I think it's more important to tell you that Pinin Farina's design for the Cisitalia has been arguably the single most influential postwar car design, at least when it comes to performance cars. It would not be much of an exaggeration to say that the 427 Shelby's body is that of a mesomorphic, steroid enhanced Cisitalia.
When he decided to make a jet inspired car to show for the 1952 Turin Motor Show, Farina must have looked to contemporary military aircraft, because the round grille on what he dubbed the PF200 (need we guess what PF stood for?), accentuated by a wide chrome plated surround, looks like it was borrowed from a F86 Sabre. The pontoon front fenders also evoke aviation shapes and what jet age car would be complete without prominent tail fins? The PF200's fins extend back past the rear deck of the car. If those weren't enough styling cues from planes, particularly military ones, the fact that the twin set of triple exhaust tips that poke through the rear valence look like machine guns is probably not coincidental.
If you ask me, I think that rear end is the least original part of the PF200, borrowing a lot from Harley Earl's personal jet age show car, the LeSabre. Earl's team may have returned the favor because the Oldsmobile Cutlass show car from 1954's GM Motorama has a roofline that makes me think of the PF200 coupe, introduced a year earlier.
Pinin Farina used a Lancia Aurelia B52 chassis, one of the few chassis that coachbuilders could then buy from large Italian manufacturers without a body. Based on the production B20, it had a 2 liter V6 90 hp engine designed by Vittorio Jano, who designed successful engines for Alfa Romeo before the war and then after he left Lancia, he went on to Ferrari where he did the engine for the original Dino and where his work continues to influence every Ferrari engine made to this day. The B52 also had a four speed transmission, integrated with its clutch into a rear transaxle riding on a de Dion suspension. Front suspension is sliding pillar. Inside the grille are louvers that can be opened or closed to allow more air to flow through the radiator, a feature that actually dates to the classic era and can be found on prewar Packards and Rolls-Royces.
This particular PF200-C was on display at the 2013 Concours of America at St. John's. It's been in owner William Borrusch's possession since 1968 and it has undergone a complete “nut and bolt” restoration. Several body panels and the floorboards had to be refabricated due to corrosion, but it looks great now. There's some question in my mind as to the car's proper nomenclature. According to some sources, the PF200-C designation was for the coupes. However, the owner says that his Lancia is an Aurelia PF200-C and my guess is that he knows more about the car than those sources.
Ronnie Schreiber edits Cars In Depth, a realistic perspective on cars & car culture and the original 3D car site. If you found this post worthwhile, you can get a parallax view at Cars In Depth. If the 3D thing freaks you out, don't worry, all the photo and video players in use at the site have mono options. Thanks for reading – RJS
NAB's decision to book an $830 million charge against $1.2 billion of US home loan exposure to carry write-downs to 90% of the original value sends an extremely gloomy message to the global banking system and the world's sharemarkets.
NAB chief executive John Stewart says it is a worst-case view. Investors everywhere will have to hang on and hope it is not confirmed.
NAB's write-down relates to indirect "conduit" exposure to US mortgages, and reflects NAB's view about how the US housing market slump will unfold over two or three years, as defaults continue to rise, the queue of unsold houses continues to lengthen, and forced sales generate nowhere near enough to cover the mortgage. In some cases, sales were recouping as little as 50% of the outstanding mortgage, Stewart said yesterday.
The write-down reflects two ultra-conservative calls. First, the bank is valuing its US mortgage exposure on a worst-case view of how that process of defaults and forced house sales occurs. Second, it has decided, after some internal discussion, to front-load the expected losses, instead of trickling them out.
There is no way NAB's 90% write-down will be mirrored by every bank with US mortgage exposure. Measured by the mortgage debt, the US housing market is worth about $US5000 billion ($A5212 billion). It simply is not going to fall to 10%, or $US50 billion.
SAN CRISTOBAL, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan authorities are investigating gruesome accusations that two men were murdered, mutilated by a confessed cannibal then fed to fellow prisoners in a riot at a police detention center.
Families of the two victims, Anthony Correa and Juan Carlos Herrera, said they died earlier in October toward the end of a month-long disturbance and siege at the overcrowded jail in the western city San Cristobal.
“They stabbed my son, hung him to bleed him, then called this man to cut him up. They did the same with the other young man,” Herrera's father, also called Juan Carlos, told reporters, saying other prisoners had described it to him.
Correa's mother, Luz Sepulveda, said at the end of the siege, she noticed her son was neither in the list of detainees nor in a group being transported away.
“A public prosecutor came out and said he had to tell me something very painful: ‘Your son was one of those they killed and ate',” she told Reuters from a house where she was in hiding for fear of reprisals for telling the story.
Both families said a self-confessed serial killer Dorangel Vargas, known to Venezuelans as “People-Eater” because of reports he cannibalized victims, had been used by a gang at the jail to dismember the bodies of their rivals.
The government has confirmed two deaths but not the circumstances. It has also arrested six policemen accused of helping prisoners.
Local opposition member of congress Franklyn Duarte said he has a video proving the cannibalism and would hand it to authorities with other evidence.
Prisons Minister Iris Varela suggested the cannibalism claims might be exaggerated. “The criminal investigation bodies must say what happened, based on scientific proof,” she was quoted as saying in local media.
An official investigator in the town, however, told Reuters that interviews with prisoners had given credence to the families' version.
“The detainees we spoke to said Dorangel ate some body parts,” he told Reuters, asking not to be named.
“They (the gang) cooked the (remaining) flesh and gave it to the rest of the inmates with rice. They ate without realizing it was two of their companions,” he said, adding the men's intestines were tossed in pipes and bones burned.
The gang also force-fed some body parts to captured rival prisoners and cut the fingers off five inmates who refused to eat the flesh.
Gang rule is common in Venezuela's jails, where weapons and drugs are rife, often with the connivance of officials.
The latest release of Office for National Statistics (ONS) data shows wages grew faster than inflation, but many new jobs over the past year had gone to immigrants to the UK.
The ONS figures show the number of adults in work from October to December 2016 reached almost 32 million, an increase of 300,000 compared with the same period a year before. The total number of people claiming unemployment was recorded as 1.6 million.
Though the number of people registered as unemployed plunged by 7,000 during the period, this wasn't enough to change the headline percentage figure, which remained steady at 4.8 per cent.
“The unemployment rate is now at its lowest in over a decade, but wage growth remains subdued by historical standards,” the ONS said in its commentary.
Also revealed in the figures was the drop of 42,400 in the number of people claiming benefits in Britain which constituted the biggest monthly fall since the Autumn of 2013. The ONS cautioned, however, that the rollout of universal credit is likely to have complicated the data.
Other information revealed in Wednesday's figures was that the number of foreign nationals working in Britain rose by 233,000 to 3.48 million compared with the same period a year before. British born adults in work fell by 120,000 in the last year while the number of EU migrants in jobs rose by 190,000 and migrants from outside the EU by 42,000 in the same period.
Work and Pensions Secretary Damian Green said: “Our ongoing welfare reforms will continue to incentivise work and make sure the system is fair to all those who need it and those who pay for it.
“With youth unemployment down, women in work at record levels and the number of disabled people in work increasing too, we're delivering on our pledge to build a country that works for everyone.”
Commenting on the figures, ONS senior statistician David Freeman said: “Continued moderate growth in employment has led to a new high in the total employment rate, while the rate for women has reached 70% for the first time on record.
“Overall, the labour market appears to be edging towards full capacity.”
Breitbart London reported Tuesday that analysis by Migration Watch UK found demands from employers to continue large-scale, low-skilled mass immigration are not reasonable.
Researchers at the think tank have analysed Labour Force Survey (LFS) statistics and concluded that a sharp drop in the number of available EU workers after Brexit is unlikely. The migrant population is largely settled and stable, meaning employers should have ample time to adapt their business models
For those of us who used to consider ourselves part of the human rights movement but have lost the faith, the most intriguing piece of news in 2010 was the appointment of an eminent foreign policy mandarin, James Hoge, as board chairman of Human Rights Watch.
Hoge has a huge task, and not simply because human rights violations around the world are so pervasive and egregious. Just as great a challenge is remaking the human rights movement itself. Founded by idealists who wanted to make the world a better place, it has in recent years become the vanguard of a new form of imperialism.
Want to depose the government of a poor country with resources? Want to bash Muslims? Want to build support for American military interventions around the world? Want to undermine governments that are raising their people up from poverty because they don't conform to the tastes of upper west side intellectuals? Use human rights as your excuse!
This has become the unspoken mantra of a movement that has lost its way.
Human Rights Watch is hardly the only offender. There are a host of others, ranging from Amnesty International and Reporters Without Borders to the Carr Centre for Human Rights at Harvard and the pitifully misled "anti-genocide" movement. All promote an absolutist view of human rights permeated by modern western ideas that westerners mistakenly call "universal". In some cases, their work, far from saving lives, actually causes more death, more repression, more brutality and an absolute weakening of human rights.
Yet, because of its global reach, now extended by an amazing gift of $100m from George Soros – which Hoge had a large part in arranging –Human Rights Watch sets a global standard. In its early days, emerging from the human rights clauses in the 1975 Helsinki Accords, it was the receptacle of the world's innocent but urgent goal of basic rights for all. Just as Human Rights Watch led the human rights community as it arose, it is now the poster child for a movement that has become a spear-carrier for the "exceptionalist" belief that the west has a providential right to intervene wherever in the world it wishes.
For many years as a foreign correspondent, I not only worked alongside human rights advocates, but considered myself one of them. To defend the rights of those who have none was the reason I became a journalist in the first place. Now, I see the human rights movement as opposing human rights.
The problem is its narrow, egocentric definition of what human rights are.
Those who have traditionally run Human Rights Watch and other western-based groups that pursue comparable goals come from societies where crucial group rights – the right not to be murdered on the street, the right not to be raped by soldiers, the right to go to school, the right to clean water, the right not to starve – have long since been guaranteed. In their societies, it makes sense to defend secondary rights, like the right to form a radical newspaper or an extremist political party. But in many countries, there is a stark choice between one set of rights and the other. Human rights groups, bathed in the light of self-admiration and cultural superiority, too often make the wrong choice.
The actions of human rights do-gooders is craziest in Darfur, where they show themselves not only dangerously naive but also unwilling to learn lessons from their past misjudgments. By their well-intentioned activism, they have given murderous rebel militias – not only in Darfur but around the world – the idea that even if they have no hope of military victory, they can mobilise useful idiots around the world to take up their cause, and thereby win in the court of public opinion what they cannot win on the battlefield. The best way to do this is to provoke massacres by the other side, which Darfur rebels have dome quite successfully and remorselessly. This mobilises well-meaning American celebrities and the human rights groups behind them. It also prolongs war and makes human rights groups accomplices to great crimes.
This is a replay of the Biafra fiasco of the late 1960s. Remember? The world was supposed to mobilise to defend Biafran rebels and prevent the genocide that Nigeria would carry out if they were defeated. Global protests prolonged the war and caused countless deaths. When the Biafrans were finally defeated, though, the predicted genocide never happened. Fewer Biafrans would have starved to death if Biafran leaders had not calculated that more starvation would stir up support from human rights advocates in faraway countries. Rebels in Darfur have learned the value of mobilising western human rights groups to prolong wars, and this lesson is working gloriously for them.
The place where I finally broke with my former human-rights comrades was Rwanda. The regime in power now is admired throughout Africa; 13 African heads of state attended President Paul Kagame's recent inauguration, as opposed to just one who came to the inauguration in neighbouring Burundi. The Rwandan regime has given more people a greater chance to break out of extreme poverty than almost any regime in modern African history – and this after a horrific slaughter in 1994 from which many outsiders assumed Rwanda would never recover. It is also a regime that forbids ethnic speech, ethnically-based political parties and ethnically-divisive news media – and uses these restrictions to enforce its permanence in power.
By my standards, this authoritarian regime is the best thing that has happened to Rwanda since colonialists arrived a century ago. My own experience tells me that people in Rwanda are happy with it, thrilled at their future prospects, and not angry that there is not a wide enough range of newspapers or political parties. Human Rights Watch, however, portrays the Rwandan regime as brutally oppressive. Giving people jobs, electricity, and above all security is not considered a human rights achievement; limiting political speech and arresting violators is considered unpardonable.
Human Rights Watch wants Rwandans to be able to speak freely about their ethnic hatreds, and to allow political parties connected with the defeated genocide army to campaign freely for power. It has come to this: all that is necessary for another genocide to happen in Rwanda is for the Rwandan government to follow the path recommended by Human Rights Watch.
This is why the appointment of James Hoge, who took office in October, is so potentially important. The human rights movement lost its way by considering human rights in a vacuum, as if there are absolutes everywhere and white people in New York are best-equipped to decide what they are.
Hoge, however, comes to his new job after nearly two decades as editor of Foreign Affairs magazine. He sees the world from a broad perspective, while the movement of which he is now a leader sees it narrowly. Human rights need to be considered in a political context. The question should not be whether a particular leader or regime violates western-conceived standards of human rights. Instead, it should be whether a leader or regime, in totality, is making life better or worse for ordinary people.
When the global human rights movement emerged nearly half a century ago, no one could have imagined that it would one day be scorned as an enemy of human rights. Today, this movement desperately needs a period of reflection, deep self-examination and renewal. The ever-insightful historian Barbara Tuchman had it exactly right when she wrote a sentence that could be the motto of a chastened and reformed Human Rights Watch:
Around 15 people gathered in the park at 8:00 a.m. on Saturday, February 15, while approximately 100 Eritreans started to arrived in the area. The right-wing protesters hung colorful balloons and made noise with whistles and chants to disturb the mourners. Slowly, the Eritreans stated to leave the park, some seemed to be scared by the protest, and some wanted to continue mourning in a place where people would not disturb them.
Two neighbors who came to confront the right-wing activists and document the scene were attacked, when one woman took a stone and tried to throw it at them. Others told them, “You leftists are the real problem in south Tel Aviv. We know where you live, and you have one week to leave the area before we burn your house.”
Other residents who passed by the park and confronted the right-wing activists were also threatened: “No leftist will live in Shapira or other areas of south Tel Aviv. We will take you all out.”
Police who arrived at the park chose to detain the two neighbors who were arguing with the right-wing protesters for “disturbing the public order.” The right-wing activists who tried to attack them were not checked by the police.
After the right-wing protesters celebrated their small victory of forcing the Eritreans out of the park, they said they will be back next Saturday to make sure no more memorial ceremonies will be held in the area.
Correction:
Following reader comments and a public discussion regarding this post, we found it necessary to clarify that not all participants taking part in the events consider themselves to be right-wing activists; some define themselves as local activists working for the betterment of the neighborhood and living conditions in it. Nonetheless, we stand fully behind the textual and visual description of the events as they occurred.
Activestills is committed to covering struggles in various arenas, among them the struggles of both Israelis and African asylum seekers for better living conditions. We thank our readers for their comments, which contribute to the much-needed dialog between the different ethnic and political groups living in the neighborhoods of south Tel Aviv.
Transfers and equalization often flare up in Canadian policy discussions with the cry that there is a need for reform. A recent Cohn column in the Toronto Star on Ontario's economic stall concluded “Outdated equalization and transfer payments cry out for reform, but will likely continue to bleed Ontario's taxpayers of about $12 billion a year (a burden that would wipe out our deficit and balance the budget instantly.” This is a continuing mantra in Ontario that began with the 23 billion dollar fiscal gap put forth by Dalton McGuinty in 2006 and estimated at $11 billion by the Mowat Centre in a report in the spring of 2013 . I suspect the target of the Mowat Centre or Martin Regg Cohn here is not so much the Canada Health Transfer or the Canada Social Transfer – which is paid put on a per capita basis to all the provinces – but equalization. So, how much equalization has the federal government out, and what are we to make of an equalization system that currently has Ontario as a recipient?
Some background: Equalization has operated since 1957 and according to the Federal Department of Finance “is the Government of Canada's transfer program for addressing fiscal disparities among provinces. Equalization payments enable less prosperous provincial governments to provide their residents with public services that are reasonably comparable to those in other provinces, at reasonably comparable levels of taxation.” The justification for a system of transfers to equalize fiscal capacity can be traced back to the Rowell-Sirois Report in 1940, which recommended a system of National Adjustment Grants in lieu of the ad hoc federal grant system of the day. One might even argue that the Dominion Subsidies put in place at the dawn of Confederation were the first federal transfer payment in recognition of diminished provincial fiscal capacity as a result of giving up customs duties as a revenue source to the federal government.
Then there is the rationale provided by James Buchanan in “Federalism and Fiscal Equity” that fiscal residua – the per-person difference between benefits received and taxes paid across regions - needed to be equalized as differences would result in migration for fiscal benefits rather than marginal productivity reasons. And of course, there is the Boadway-Flatters argument that in the presence of resource rents, equalization is justified on efficiency reasons in the presence of interregional mobility – you want migration for marginal productivity reasons rather than to capture resource rents - and equity reasons if there is no interregional mobility.
Counterarguments to equalization often focus on the potential for such payments to interfere with the adjustment process whereby economic resources flow from regions of low to high productivity. As well, while the program is financed out of general federal revenues, the equalization formula calculates entitlements based on whether a province's revenues are below or above a national average – if below, you get a grant entitlement. As a result the equalization program has developed a popular but misplaced reputation as a direct transfer from have provinces to have not. Hence, the argument that have provinces like Ontario have been bled to finance transfers to poorer regions.
However, Ontario is currently a recipient of equalization having obtained its have not status in 2009. Prior to 2009, Ontario, Alberta and British Columbia were the provinces that generally did not get equalization and hence viewed themselves as paying into it while the other provinces received transfers. At present, there are six provinces receiving equalization – Prince Edward Island, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec, Ontario and Manitoba.
Tracking down how much equalization has been paid out since 1957 is an interesting exercise and the figures not easily obtained. I managed to track down equalization entitlements by province for the period 1982/83 to the present from a 2006 Budget on the Federal Department of Finance website. The earlier period was a little more difficult but I came across a manuscript document in my old fiscal federalism files titled “The Fiscal Equalization Program, Federal Provincial Relations Division, Department of Finance, October 1991” that provided the entitlements from 1957 to 1991 and the numbers overlap period from 1982 to 1991 matched the 2006 Budget numbers.
So, Figure 1 plots total annual equalization both nominal and in 2002 dollars for the entire period 1957 to 2013. The total payout in 1957/58 was 139.1 million dollars (940 million in 2002 dollars) and by 2013/14 is projected to reach 16.1 billion dollars (13 billion in 2002 dollars). If one sums up all the annual total values of equalization, over the entire period 1957 to 2013, a total of 340.2 billion dollars was disbursed (437.6 billion in 2002 dollars). Figure 2 presents the total nominal value of equalization received by each province since 1957 and first is Quebec at 169.5 billion dollars, followed by Manitoba at 40.8 billion and then Nova Scotia and New Brunswick at 38.6 and 37.9 billion dollars respectively.
What is interesting is that all of the provinces have at one point or another collected equalization – even Alberta from 1957 to 1963 – though its share of the total paid out is miniscule. What is also interesting is that while Ontario has only been collecting equalization since 2009, it has already collected more than either Saskatchewan or Prince Edward Island ever did. Of course, the dollars per capita picture is quite different as Figure 3 shows with Ontario and Quebec being the lowest per capita recipients as a result of their much larger populations. (Note: I calculated these myself using the estimated entitlement out of the budget and dividing by population estimates from Statistics Canada).
So what is my point? Well, the people in Ontario who argue that equalization should be reformed or Ontario needs more transfers because Ontario either was or is being milked are missing an important point. Ontario may have been milked in the past but reparation payments now are no way to manage a federal transfer system. Moreover, even if Ontario was paying more into the tax-transfer system, it was because it was a very wealthy province and it derived much of that wealth from its membership in the Canadian federation. Ontario businesses particularly in manufacturing intensive southern Ontario benefitted immensely from the tariff. In addition, Ontario has always managed to obtain a large share of federal employment and service contracts because the capital was located in Ontario.
Equalization should be reformed because Ontario is now a have not province and not because it is or was being milked. Equalization is a relatively modest expense for the federal government when they have not provinces are mainly the smaller provinces – with Quebec being the obvious exception. However, what will happen over the next ten to fifteen years if two of the have not provinces are the country's largest provinces in population terms? Can Canada really afford two “Quebecs” when it comes to equalization payments? How can the country's equalization system be taken seriously if 71 percent of the population effectively lives in the have not provinces?
Moreover, while Ontario total equalization entitlement growth rate has slowed considerably over the last two years, the average annual growth rate for the period 2010 to 2013 was 70 percent. If the average growth rate over the next decade is even one-tenth that amount – say seven percent - total equalization paid out to Ontario could double during that time from the current 3.2 to 7.4 billion dollars. True, Ontario's economy has stalled and per capita GDP has fallen below the Canadian average but Ontario still has the fourth highest per capita provincial GDP – after resource fueled Alberta, Saskatchewan and Newfoundland. Does it make any sense to be providing equalization to a province with forty percent of the country's population and the fourth highest per capita GDP?
If memory serves me, the last time the equalization formula was on the verge of providing payments to Ontario it was also during the resource boom of the late 1970s. The current equalization formula – like that in the 1970s – includes natural resource revenues as one of the revenues used to calculate the equalization entitlement. In 1981, Ontario also had the fourth highest per capita provincial GDP but was above the national average in GDP and the result was the passing of the “Ontario Override” that provinces with a per capita GDP above the national average would not get equalization. Shortly thereafter, the equalization formula was changed to the Representative Five Province Standard that dropped resource rich Alberta from the national average used to calculate entitlements to mitigate the effect of resource revenues.
It is an excellent example of how short human memories are that the new equalization formula created after the 2006 Federal Export Report put natural resource revenues directly back into the equalization calculation at a time of rising resource prices. This time, as resource prices rose, the resource boom fueled per capita GDP in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Newfoundland so high that Ontario fell below the national average even while still having the fourth highest GDP.
Some might argue that equalization might be doing exactly what it should be doing in the presence of high natural resource rents in a handful of provinces. Also, the federal government is moving into a surplus position and its main spending role as simply a check-writing agency to provinces, businesses and individuals is not at odds with more health or education transfers for Ontario – or any other province for that matter. However, I think it is a stretch to consider provinces with a per capita GDP in the top half of provincial per capita GDP rankings as being have not provinces and in need of equalization payments.
The equalization program does need reform but it is not going to disappear anytime soon given that Section 36(2) of the Constitution commits the Government of Canada to the principle of making equalization payments. I also don't think either the federal or provincial governments want to risk a Supreme Court case to define what comparable levels of public services at comparable levels of taxation means. As for Ontario, receiving over three billion dollars in equalization while moaning about being milked by the federal tax and transfer system is rather hypocritical. And judging from the economic performance of the other main equalization receiving provinces over the last fifty years, more equalization will certainly not reverse its economic stall. Ontario should stop whining and work on raising its productivity.
PHOENIX, November 4, 2014 – Today, voters in Arizona approved a ballot measure that follows James Madison's advice to stop federal overreach. With 80% reporting, the tally held steady and increasing at 51-49%.
Approved was Proposition 122, a state constitutional amendment that enshrines the anti-commandeering doctrine in the state constitution. The language amends the state constitution to give Arizona the ability to “exercise its sovereign authority to restrict the actions of its personnel and the use of its financial resources to purposes that are consistent with the Constitution.”
This language is consistent with the advice of James Madison, who wrote in Federalist #46:
Should an unwarrantable measure of the federal government be unpopular in particular States, which would seldom fail to be the case, or even a warrantable measure be so, which may sometimes be the case, the means of opposition to it are powerful and at hand. The disquietude of the people; their repugnance and, perhaps, refusal to co-operate with the officers of the Union; the frowns of the executive magistracy of the State; the embarrassments created by legislative devices, which would often be added on such occasions, would oppose, in any State, difficulties not to be despised; would form, in a large State, very serious impediments; and where the sentiments of several adjoining States happened to be in unison, would present obstructions which the federal government would hardly be willing to encounter. [emphasis added]
The amendment language mirrors the well-established legal doctrine of anti-commandeering. The Supreme Court has consistently held that the federal government cannot force states to help implement or enforce and federal act or program.It rests primarily on four SCOTUS cases – Prigg v. Pennsylvania (1842), New York v. US (1992), Printz v. US (1997) and National Federation of Businesses v. Sebelius (2012).
PRACTICAL EFFECT
Prop 122 places language in the state constitution that would empower the state to pass referendums, bills or use other legal means to end cooperation with an unconstitutional federal act. Supporters of the amendment say the provision allowing the people to vote to refuse to cooperate with federal authorities will prove especially significant.
“Basically, it will allow Arizonians to hold a state referendum on federal policy, something I don't think has ever been done before,” one supporter said.
While the people of Arizona could hold a referendum like this now, by constitutionalizing the process, it now allows Arizonians to hold a statutory referendum on each issue instead of a constitutional referendum. A statutory referendum requires fewer signatures to get it on the ballot, something supporters say will allow grassroots groups to initiate the process.The money necessary to get a constitutional referendum on the ballot makes grassroots efforts difficult.
The amendment allows the people of Arizona to deal with unpopular federal programs like Obamacare, gun control, surveillance, and more. Supporters say one of the first issues they plan to target involves federal rules that allow Arizona Child Protective Services to hide important information. This has become an issue in several investigations alleging agency misconduct in the deaths of children under their care. CPS used rules tied to federal funding to refuse to disclose information. Amendment supporters say they will use the new process to forbid state cooperation with any federal rule that shields transparency.
Simply put, the amendment enshrines a process to refuse state cooperation with unconstitutional federal acts in the state constitution. As Judge Andrew Napolitano has said, refusing participation on a state level can make federal laws “nearly impossible to enforce.”
ROAD TO THE BALLOT
In 2012, Arizona businessman and TAC lifetime member Jack Biltis spent $1.2M to get signatures in order to get his nullification question on the ballot. While he came up short that first try, he and others – including the tireless Arizona Tenth Amendment Center team – worked to get the measure on the ballot a 2nd time.
The ballot measure was put on the ballot this year after the Arizona state legislature passed Senate Concurrent Resolution 1016 (SCR1016) in 2013. The state Senate passed it by a 16-12 margin, and then in the state House approved it 36-23. Bypassing a likely veto from Gov. Jan Brewer, the measure went to a vote of the people.
“Politicians in Washington are fond of passing far-reaching laws, but more often than not they depend on state and local governments – and state and local taxpayers – to implement them. This means that not only is Congress making life harder for Arizonans, they're asking us to pay the bill,” according to the Yes on 122 websites. “That's why a bipartisan majority of the Arizona Legislature came together to pass Prop 122.”
Former Arizona Sen. Chester Crandell, R-Heber, who died in August after being thrown from his horse, was the primary sponsor of the bill as it moved through the Legislature.
“I think we can all agree that the federal government is out of control. Look at Obamacare, excessive EPA regulations and the takeover of our automobile and financial industries,” Crandell wrote in the campaign literature sent out by the state. “The forest service and EPA are driving many of my rancher and farmer constituents out of business. The federal government has their hands in every aspect of our lives.”
PERSONAL DRIVE FOR FREEDOM
Biltis moved to the United States from Montreal, Canada 20 years ago. He says it worries him watching America follow the same path as his native country.
“I've seen this movie play out before, and I can't risk my kids' futures on it playing out again,” he said. “I've seen what an overreaching government can do. We couldn't run a business. If we answered the phone in English, the language police could shut us down. We paid 70 percent of what we earned in taxes.”
Biltis said the move to nationalize health care in the U.S. particularly frightens him.
“Once the government had control of healthcare in Canada, things got even worse,” he said. “After surgery, my father-in-law couldn't get a needed medication because it required government authorization, and the government office was already closed. The hospital admitted that he would die that night without the medication, but was not allowed to sell it to us because ‘that wouldn't be fair to those who couldn't afford the medication.' We were eventually able to get the medication through the black market.”
Biltis calls the United States “the world's last hope.”
“If America goes the way of Canada, there is no other place to escape. After seeing Washington's takeover of the healthcare, auto, and financial industries, I realized that the government is not operating under any semblance of control,” he said. “Bringing back Federalism is the only way to make the government accountable and keep us free.”
So Biltis put his money where his mouth is, mortgaging his home and business to the tune of $950,000 to fund the drive to get the initiative on the ballot and passed in Arizona. And, that was just for the first round. Final figures have yet to be reported for what was invested to get Prop 122 passed.
“I have nothing personal to gain from this movement, other than the chance that my kids will grow up in an America as free as the one I knew,” he said.
GAME CHANGER
Prop. 122 has the potential to be a real game changer. If supporters follow through and use it as a mechanism to successfully reject participation in major federal programs, it's likely that more states will follow Arizona's lead.
While not something that will happen in the immediate future, this kind of domino effect is what's needed to spell doom for the destructive notion of endless federal supremacy. Because the feds rely on state compliance far more than they would like you to realize, these type of measures are incredibly important. They have the potential to create a chain reaction that could shake up the status quo more than anything we've seen in generations.
Rising temperatures and changing rain and snow patterns will force increasingly difficult adjustments with reduced flows in major rivers — including the Colorado and Rio Grande — and more people counting on that water, the White House announced Tuesday.
The federal government's top environmental officials unveiled a report that calls climate change “a growing risk.” They project wide impacts from flood control to depletion of groundwater.
“One of the greatest challenges we face is dealing with the impacts of climate change on our nation's water, which is really the lifeblood of our economy,” Deputy Interior Secretary Michael Connor said.
While states manage river flows, federal authorities are encouraging better, collaborative strategies aimed at protecting agriculture, urban drinking water and production of electricity.
The 307-page “Managing Water in the West” report makes projections including:
• A 5- to 7-degree Fahrenheit spike in temperatures by the end of the 21st century.
• Mixed impacts across the Western states with more precipitation over northwestern and north-central areas of the West and less over southwestern and south-central areas — with Colorado split.
• Less snowpack across the West on April 1, the key time for runoff into basins that otherwise are prone to drought.
• Reduced flows in major rivers ( 7 to 27 percent less) between April and July. Those include rivers that start in Colorado — the Rio Grande and Colorado — as well as the San Joaquin in California.
This is the Interior Department's second report to Congress under a 2009 law requiring efforts to secure water supplies in 17 Western states. It was done by Interior's Bureau of Reclamation, which runs dams, power plants and canals across the mostly arid Western states.
Federal projects provide 10 trillion gallons of water a year for urban use, and irrigation water for 10 million acres used to grow 60 percent of the nation's vegetables and 25 percent of fruits and nuts. The electricity from 53 federal plants powers more than 3.5 million households.
Reclamation officials also are charged with managing water in a way that protects the environment.
Natural resources analysts for years have warned of wide impacts of climate-driven changes. For example, when runoff decreases without a corresponding cut in pollutants, maintaining water quality “will become more difficult, especially during periods of low flow,” the report said.
They've focused on the Colorado River Basin as one where reductions in spring and early-summer flows may mean less water for irrigating crops and generating electricity at hydropower plants near reservoirs.
The changing snowpack and decreased runoff in Colorado mountains are expected to slow natural recharging of underground aquifers. That trend collides with increased reliance on groundwater to sustain agriculture and cities in California, the report said.
In northwestern states, warmer conditions are expected to put increased pressure on fisheries and raise demand for electricity.
A shift from snow to rain at lower elevations probably will increase flows in the Columbia and Missouri river systems during winter — instead of summer — meaning less water will be available to irrigate crops and more floods.
The Sacramento and San Joaquin river basins in California probably will face earlier runoff, along with increased evaporation, the report said. And that is expected to intensify challenges for food production and sustaining more people in cities.
Bruce Finley: 303-954-1700, bfinley@denverpost.com or @finleybruce
SINGAPORE: Indian bureaucracy is the worst in Asia with a 9.21 rating out of 10, according to a report by a prestigious consulting firm based in Hong Kong.
India fared worse than Vietnam (rated at 8.54), Indonesia (8.37), Philippines (7.57) and China (7.11), said the report by Political & Economic Risk Consultancy Ltd released on Wednesday.
Singapore remained the best with a rating of 2.25, followed by Hong Kong (3.53), Thailand (5.25) Taiwan (5.57), Japan (5.77), South Korea (5.87) and Malaysia (5.89).
The report said India's inefficient bureaucracy was largely responsible for most of the biggest complaints that business executive have about the country.
The complaints included inadequate infrastructure and corruption, where officials were willing to accept under-the- table payments and companies were tempted to pay to overcome bureaucratic inertia and gain government favours, the report claimed.
The report also highlighted onerous and fickle tax, environmental and other regulations that could make business in India "so frustrating and expensive".
It said dealing with court system in India was an unattractive option for companies, and would be best to avoid it.
The bureaucrats were rarely held accountable for wrong decisions and it would be extremely difficult to challenge them when there were disagreements, it said.
"This gives them (bureaucrats) terrific powers and could be one of the main reasons why average Indians as well as existing and would-be foreign investors perceive India's bureaucrats as negatively as they do," said the report.But there were plus points when India was compared to countries within the economic development group.In the 2011-12 Global Competitiveness Report of the World Economic Forum , India ranked behind China but ahead of Russia and Brazil for the burden of government regulations as well as for the burden of customs procedures.India was also second to Brazil but well ahead of China and Russia for the quality of regulation and supervision of the securities exchange, said the report.India was also better than Brazil, Russia and China as the fastest place to set up a new business and to deal with construction permits, and was the second fastest place to deal with export and import procedures, the report said.
UPDATE: Valve has distanced itself from the Xi3 Piston, dubbed an unofficial Steam Box.
It had been believed that Valve had backed the grapefruit-sized computer ahead of the release of its own Steam Box, but this appears to be false.
Valve's Doug Lombardi told Eurogamer that Valve had some dealings with Xi3 Corporation, the company behind the Piston, but not any more.
"Valve began some exploratory work with Xi3 last year, but currently has no involvement in any product of theirs," he said.
Eurogamer contacted Xi3 yesterday after it was revealed the Piston would cost - at a minimum - $1000, and launch this Christmas. A UK price or delivery details are still to be announced.
ORIGINAL STORY: The Xi3 Piston console - backed by Valve as a third-party Steam Box - starts at $1000.
Pre-order and you get $100 off and a guaranteed delivery window of the "2013 holiday season", which sounds like Christmas to us.
The Xi3 Piston, which set tongues wagging after its unveiling at the Consumer Electronics Show in January, is not the only unofficial Steam Box, but it is the most high-profile. The grapefruit-sized console is designed to use Steam in Big Picture mode on your living room telly.
Based on PC architecture and running Linux, the Piston concept is an ultra-tiny metallic cube that boasts an impressive array of PC inputs and outputs and is said to draw just 40 watts from the mains - half that of an Xbox 360. Digital Foundry had its say earlier this year.
But the Piston is not Valve's own Steam Box. That device should be ready for testing in the next few months.
The Xi3 Piston's specifications we know about reveal it to have 8GB of DDR3 RAM, a Radeon 7000-series GPU and a 3.2Ghz AMD Trinity Quad Core (R464) processor. Three SSDs are available: internal 128GB, internal 256GB and internal 512GB. More details will be shared later, but you can pre-order now from the official site.
"Clearly, the computer/video gaming market is huge, both in the personal computer and traditional console markets," Xi3 Corporation Jason A. Sullivan said.
"That being said, we believe there is a crying need for a machine that captures the best of both worlds, with the upgradeability of computer gaming rigs and the design and form factor of consoles. We believe our Piston Consoles do exactly that - deliver the beauty and small size of consoles with the upgradeability of computers."
Patrick J. Lynch, president of the New York City Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, declined to write an opposing view. Excerpts from Lynch's remarks at a news conference Thursday:
New York police officers. (Photo11: Mark Lennihan, AP)
We'd like to (thank) the jurors in the grand jury in Staten Island for making decisions based on the facts that were presented. Not looking at just one snippet of a video that doesn't tell the whole story, but taking the time to listen to every bit of evidence. To listen to the testimony of every witness, including officer Daniel Pantaleo, and coming to the same decision, the just and right decision.
OUR VIEW: Chokehold decision seems inexplicable
Officer Pantaleo is a resident of this great city. He's a resident of the borough of Staten Island. He lives in those neighborhoods. He's college educated, here in the city. He's a mature police officer who's motivated by serving the community. He literally is an Eagle Scout.
That story's not being told — a city resident, a New York City police officer, went out and did a difficult job there. A job where there is no script. And sometimes, with that, there's tragedy that comes.
There was a loss of life, and no one ever wants to lessen the fact that there was a loss of life. A loss of life of a man who lives in this city, a citizen, and a father and a husband. And that tragedy to that family is very serious, and we never ever lessen that. But it's also a tragedy that there's a police officer who has to live with that death.
We've heard a lot of conversations by the mayor of New York after this decision came down. But we did not hear that you cannot go out and break the law. We did not hear that you cannot resist arrest; that's a crime. We did not hear that that's why these officers were at that location that day, because the community called and complained and said there's a problem at that location and we were asked to respond.
We need to teach our children and everyone that you cannot resist arrest, even if you believe that the arrest is unjust. There are mechanisms to complain. It's not on that corner, on that street, at that location. You cannot resist arrest. That's a crime, and you will be placed under arrest. Police officers do not have the option to walk away. If the mayor wants to change policies and wants us to stand down against crime, then say that.
You cannot resist arrest because resisting arrest leads to confrontation. Confrontation leads to tragedy. That's the support we need. One hundred percent of our members are out there putting themselves at risk each and every day. They earned it. They deserve it.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CKBk4l
Your daughter has a new boyfriend. He seems nice enough, but thereâ€™s something about the way he talks to her sometimes that makes you worry: is he as nice as he seems?
Teen dating violence is a real problemâ€”and itâ€™s not rare. One in five adolescents report some kind of violence (including psychological)â€”and up to one in eight report physical violence (girls are more likely to experience physical violence than boys). Think about that: in a high school classroom of twenty kids, that would mean four are in an unhealthy relationshipâ€”and two of those four are being beaten.
A study just released in the journal Pediatrics gives us more reason to worry; it says that young adults who experienced dating violence as teens were more likely to be heavy drinkers, smoke marijuana, be antisocial, be depressed, and think about suicide.
Not what we want for our children.
What makes it hard is that itâ€™s not always easy to pick up on dating violence. Abusers can seem remarkably charming. Victims can be reluctant to admit itâ€™s going onâ€”and often are made to feel like the problems are their fault, not the fault of the abuser. Even signs that should seem obvious, like bruises, get explained away (â€œI fell at school.â€�) So parents need to be very watchful, and ask lots of questions.
Here are five signs your teen might be in an unhealthy relationship (Iâ€™m saying daughter here, but it could be son too):
He doesnâ€™t always treat her with respect. This sounds obvious, but itâ€™s something worth thinking about carefullyâ€”because we can sometimes dismiss small things we shouldnâ€™t dismiss, both as victims and as onlookers. Does he belittle her? Does he make fun of her in front of others? Does he say unkind things to her about how she looks, what she does or what she says? Does he show up late, or bail on her, or not call when he said he would? Each time it happens it may not seem like a big deal, but if itâ€™s frequent, it is a big deal.
He smothersâ€”or otherwise acts obsessed. It can seem sweet at first when he calls all the time or wants to be with her every moment. But when it doesnâ€™t let up, and when it starts to get in the way of your daughter seeing friends or doing activities she likes to do, or when he wants to know what she is doing and who she is with all the time, or if he is often jealous, itâ€™s a warning sign of problems.
Your daughter changes her habits for him. We all like to please our partners, and a few changes arenâ€™t badâ€”sometimes they can even be welcome (like starting to wear clean clothes regularly). But in a healthy relationship, each person appreciates the other for who they are. Itâ€™s not good if your daughter suddenly is wearing different clothes (especially if they are sexier), is giving up friends or activities or is otherwise acting in ways that are, well, just not her.
He hurts her physically in any wayâ€”or she has an unexplained injury. Ask questions. Make sure the story makes sense. It is never, never okay for someone to physically hurt another person. Sometimes when we are in the thick of it, we lose track of thatâ€”but itâ€™s a really important message to teach our children.
Your daughter seems more sad, irritable or anxious than before. Healthy relationships make us happier. If we arenâ€™t happy, there is a problem.
If you are seeing any of these things, sit your teen down and talk. As upset and even angry as you may be, talk to her in a loving, supportive way. Be patient, and be ready to try again if she says there is nothing wrong. It can take a while for someone to be ready to talk about these things.
To learn more about teen dating violence and what you can do about it, check out the Teen Dating Violence page of the website of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In a tragedy with many echoes elsewhere, a teacher at a school in Viljandi was fatally shot by a student today.
The student, aged 15, has been apprehended by the police. Police has confirmed that all the children are safe and have now been returned to their parents. Police combed through the school as a precautionary measure but found nothing suspicious.
A spokesman for the Prosecutor's Office said the shooting took place at 13:55 at the Viljandi Paalalinna School.
The victim was a teacher of German, Ene Sarap, 56, who was Viljandi County's teacher of the year in 2007. She was shot multiple times, said police.
There were four more pupils in the classroom at the time of the shooting, none of whom were hurt.
The suspect did not resist arrest. The gun was confiscated by the school's staff and handed over to the police. Police investigation will determine the motive for the attack and the origin of the gun.
Minister of Education Jevgeni Ossinovski said that he has been in touch with the school's principal and has offered him his sympathy and support. Ossinovski will also shortly meet with the Minister of the Interior Hanno Pevkur to discuss the incident.
He added: "Thorough investigation will establish the circumstances of the shooting but today we must support the school, which is understandably in shock, in every way we can."
The minister is on his way to Viljandi now.
Principal: Shooter was a good student
Police say they will not disclose the name of the suspect, as he is a minor. The name of the student has been widely circulated on social media due to the presence of a largely public Facebook page.
The principal of the school, Aavo Palo, said during a press conference that there was no panic after the shooting. He was asked to come to the classroom, the shooter was sitting and had placed the gun on the table, he made no attempt to escape. The conflict appears to have been strictly between the shooter and the victim, no one else was targeted and the rest of the students were allowed to leave the classroom.
The principal removed the gun, called the police and together they evacuated the pupils.
The school will do its utmost to counsel the staff and students; the lessons will resume tomorrow. Those in the classroom during the shooting are being looked after by specialists.
Palo said the suspect had no behavioral problems and he was a good student, he had good communication skills and was not a "loner."
President: This is a national tragedy
President Toomas Hendrik Ilves said: "This incident is not just a tragedy for one school or one town. It is a national tragedy. We all grieve and we are all in shock."
Ilves also called for greater understanding and support.
Prime Minister Taavi Rõivas and Minister of the Interior Hanno Pevkur have also sent their condolences to the school and the victim's family.
"Today's shooting in Viljandi that has costs a teacher her life is a shock to us all. Estonia will have Viljandi in its thoughts tonight," said the prime minister.
"We are yet to learn the reasons behind this incident but violence is never an acceptable solution. Things like this simply cannot happen. We all have the duty to notice the person next to us who needs our help. Today's incident is a painful reminder of this fact. I offer my deepest sympathy to the family of the deceased teacher and to the school."
Hanno Pevkur added: "Although the suspect, a pupil at the same school, has been apprehended and no more lives are in immediate danger, this does not bring back the life we lost today or our sense of security. There should be no place for violence in our society, especially in our schools."
It's hard to believe that in just a few short weeks the first Ubuntu Phone goes on sale, manufactured by Bq Readers. It feels like it's taken ages to get to this point, but at the same time no time at all.
In the build up to the consumer launch, and informal pre-launch event taking place shortly before it on Feb 6, I'll be highlighting some of my favourite features of the phone and the mobile operating system that runs on it.
And the first item to tackle is the one intrinsic to the OS: Scopes.
Scopes on Ubuntu Phone work very differently to their desktop counterparts. They are still little search engines, returning information and content based on whatever sources it is plugged into, but they look, feel and work far more efficiently.
As they are the “home screen” at the heart of the Ubuntu Phone experience you may be wondering what makes them so special. To answer that we need to zoom out.
Realising The Status Quo
Mobile crowned its victors, Android and iOS, years ago. Only the most fervent of fanboys would underestimate the uphill struggle faced by Ubuntu in trying to win hearts, minds and marketshare of consumers deeply loyal to the reigning, and throughly dominant, duopoly.
Yet it can be done. Factor this: most of us are contradictory. We hate change but love innovation, dislike relearning old habits, but love going hands on with new features.
‘Smartphones are so samey because of us.'
For mobile makers trying to court consumers it is this innate consumer desire for “the same, but better” that leads to a balancing act of priorities that ends up going nowhere — they fear falling if things are rocked too much, but know that without doing so they can't gain momentum to move forward.
Our innate laziness and inability to adapt to change is why so many of the minor mobile OSes, from Firefox OS to Tizen, are all so samey.
Each one of them has the same championing call: “We have apps! And a store! You can use me like your old phone! I can run Android apps! Please buy me!!”.
And despite the innovation we do see, be it bigger screens, faster graphics or unified hardware/software cameras, the core mobile experience remains stable, no matter the handset: ppen the ‘app grid', poke an icon and play with the content inside it. Go back, poke another app icon and play with something different.
‘It's in Ubuntu's DNA to take the status quo and improve it'
Ubuntu knows it is rocking up late to a party well underway, but rather than clutching a bottle of lukewarm Vimto and wearing the hosts' clothes, it's not trying to keep things familiar. It's not in the DNA of the project. It prefers to look at the status quo, see what needs to be improved, and deliver it as best it can.
Canonical thinks a richer user experience is needed on mobile, an experience that goes beyond rehashing the worn “apps grid” concept we all know of. Ubuntu Phone wants to offer the first truly “mobile first” user experience, with information immediacy and gesture efficiency at the core.
And so, Scopes (or as I like to call them, Ubuntu Phone's secret weapon).
Scopes Move Us Beyond Apps
We've all probably read that the biggest challenge supposedly facing Ubuntu Phone, Tizen and all the other mobile newcomers is a lack of apps, heard a chicken-and-egg analogy about how new platforms need apps to attract users, but need users to attract developers…
‘The data matters more than the app silo it sits in, right?'
If Ubuntu was an app-centric platform I'd be inclined to agree. If, like Tizen and Firefox OS, it was reusing the same design paradigm, I'd also agree that apps were vital.
But the key question a new mobile OS needs to ask is not “do I have apps?” it's “do apps offer the best experience?”. Canonical's designers say no.
Mobile devices are our primary way of getting essential information, e.g., bus times, movie reviews, Facebook statues, quickly. The data matters more than the box it sits in, right?
One could install and launch three separate apps to check the weather, find a restaurant and view a friend's Instagram photos. That works. Ubuntu Phone evolves the behaviour to its natural endpoint. With a Scope you can see all three items right there, on the screen, at your fingertips, ready to go.
To use a clunky analogy to illustrate the point:
Apps are like books on a shelf. You take one down, find what you need, put it back. Repeat when needed.
You take one down, find what you need, put it back. Repeat when needed. Scopes are the relevant pages from those books pinned to your noticeboard right when you need them.
Better for Developers
From the local weather forecast to finding new shoes on eBay, Scopes can present pretty much anything in a unified, visually immersive way regardless of content type or source.
Better yet, they're easy to build. That lowers the barrier for content providers and developers already overstretched maintaining separate apps on iOS and Android.
Freeing information from the confines of individual icons ordered neatly in a grid won't suit everyone. But by removing a layer of interaction, Scopes offer a far more interactive and rewarding experience — no apps needed!
Two distinct types of Scopes currently exist on Ubuntu Phone, both of which can be installed, configured, tweaks and customised as needed.
‘Aggregator' — Combines multiple content sources in one view (e.g., ‘NearBy', ‘Today', ‘Music');
— Combines multiple content sources in one view (e.g., ‘NearBy', ‘Today', ‘Music'); ‘Branded' — Content and brand specific views (e.g., ‘Soundcloud', ‘Instagram').
Traditional apps still have a role to play in the Ubuntu Phone story, as we'll touch on in future posts. But they're no longer essential. Scopes are the key differentiator for Ubuntu in the mobile space, a game changer even.
Let's not overlook the significance of what will soon be in front of many of us.
Colorado authorities have arrested a suspect after a man nonchalantly walked into a Walmart and immediately opened fire with a handgun, killing two men and a woman Wednesday night.
Thornton police spokesman Victor Avila said Thursday that 47-year-old Scott Ostrem was arrested without incident after a brief chase that started at a Thornton apartment.
Avila said police received an anonymous tip that led them to the apartment, which is about eight kilometres from the Walmart store where the shooting occurred.
Police took Ostrem into custody after his car was blocked by traffic at an intersection. Avila declined to say if Ostrem was armed.
"This is a very heinous act," Avila said in an earlier statement, adding that the motive was unknown.
The two male victims died inside the Walmart, which is about 16 kilometres north of Denver in a busy shopping centre. The woman died later at a hospital.
Authorities did not immediately release any other information about the victims.
'Let's go. Leave the groceries.'
Aaron Stephens, 44, was in the self-checkout line when he heard a single shot followed by two more bursts of gunfire before people started running for the exits.
"The employees started screaming. Customers were screaming. They were running like crazy, and I ran out too because I didn't want to get killed," he said.
Shopper Patrick Carnes is moved from the Walmart by SWAT medics. (Rick Wilking/Reuters)
Guadalupe Perez was inside the store with her young son when she heard what she thought was a balloon popping. A Walmart employee told her someone was shooting, and then Perez saw people running away yelling, "Let's go. Let's go. Leave the groceries."
"You see all these things in the news and you go through it, it's scary," she said. "But thank God we're OK and nothing happened to us."
Investigators, including special agents with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, were reviewing security video and interviewing witnesses. Avila said police don't yet know how many rounds were fired.
Ragan Dickens, a Walmart spokesman, said the company is working with investigators.
It's being called the largest research fraud in medical history. Dr. Scott Reuben, a former member of Pfizer's speakers' bureau, has agreed to plead guilty to faking dozens of research studies that were published in medical journals. Now being reported across the mainstream media is the fact that Dr. Reuben accepted a $75,000 grant from Pfizer to study Celebrex in 2005.
by Mike Adams
Natural News
His research, which was published in a medical journal, has since been quoted by hundreds of other doctors and researchers as “proof” that Celebrex helped reduce pain during post-surgical recovery. There's only one problem with all this: No patients were ever enrolled in the study!
Dr. Scott Reuben, it turns out, faked the entire study and got it published anyway.
It wasn't the first study faked by Dr. Reuben: He also faked study data on Bextra and Vioxx drugs, reports the Wall Street Journal.
As a result of Dr. Reuben's faked studies, the peer-reviewed medical journal Anesthesia & Analgesia was forced to retract 10 “scientific” papers authored by Reuben. The Day of London reports that 21 articles written by Dr. Reuben that appear in medical journals have apparently been fabricated, too, and must be retracted.
After being caught fabricating research for Big Pharma, Dr. Reuben has reportedly signed a plea agreement that will require him to return $420,000 that he received from drug companies. He also faces up to a 10-year prison sentence and a $250,000 fine.
He was also fired from his job at the Baystate Medical Center in Springfield, Mass. after an internal audit there found that Dr. Reuben had been faking research data for 13 years.
Business as usual in Big Pharma
What's notable about this story is not the fact that a medical researcher faked clinical trials for the pharmaceutical industry. It's not the fact that so-called “scientific” medical journals published his fabricated studies. It's not even the fact that the drug companies paid this quack close to half a million dollars while he kept on pumping out fabricated research.
The real story here is that this is business as usual in the pharmaceutical industry.
Dr. Reuben's actions really aren't that extraordinary. Drug companies bribe researchers and doctors as a routine matter. Medical journals routinely publish false, fraudulent studies. FDA panel members regularly rely on falsified research in making their drug approval decisions, and the mainstream media regularly quotes falsified research in reporting the news.
Fraudulent research, in other words, is widespread in modern medicine. The pharmaceutical industry couldn't operate without it, actually. It is falsified research that gives the industry its best marketing claims and strongest FDA approvals. Quacks like Dr Scott Reuben are an important part of the pharmaceutical profit machine because without falsified research, bribery and corruption, the industry would have very little research at all.
Pay special attention to the fact that the Anesthesia & Analgesia medical journal gladly published Dr. Reuben's faked studies even though this journal claims to be a “scientific” medical journal based on peer review. Funny, isn't it, how such a scientific medical journal gladly publishes fraudulent research with data that was simply invented by the study author. Perhaps these medical journals should be moved out of the non-fiction section of university libraries and placed under science fiction.
Remember, too, that all the proponents of pharmaceuticals, vaccines and mammograms ignorantly claim that their conventional medicine is all based on “good science.” It's all scientific and trustworthy, they claim, while accusing alternative medicine of being “woo woo” wishful thinking and non-scientific hype. Perhaps they should have a quick look in the mirror and realize it is their own system of quack medicine that's based largely on fraudulent research, bribery and corruption.
United States, arriving.
Sailors on the destroyer Ross got a visit from the commander in chief Sunday, as President Obama stopped at Naval Station Rota, Spain, on his return trip from the NATO summit in Warsaw.
At an all-hands call later in the day after his tour of the ballistic missile defense-capable warship, Obama said his trip was about reaffirming the U.S. commitment to Europe's security.
"So on my visit to Europe, what I have been trying to communicate, what I have been wanting to focus on, is America's relation to Europe and the fact that our commitment will not change," Obama said. "We have an enduring commitment to the transatlantic alliance and to our allies in Europe because you are central to our security and we could not have a more important alliance or a better set of friends than those of you here in Europe.
"That includes a strong and unified Spain, one of our closest allies. The alliance between our countries is rooted in shared values, of democracy, and pluralism and open markets and our shared commitment to freedom."
Ross is one of four BMD-armed destroyers forward-deployed to Rota as part of the European missile defense network. A Navy missile defense site came in late 2015 in Romania and a second site is planned for Poland.
Obama also made sure to thank sailors, airmen and Marines stationed in Spain for their work.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Navy Times Daily News Roundup
"To all the Americans who are here," Obama said, "I know it's not easy serving far away from home. Although I must say if you gotta be away from home, this is not a bad place to be. But even in a place as beautiful as this, you're missing holidays and birthdays and family reunions. But each and every day you stand up for our country and you do it with honor, you do it with courage, and you do it with commitment."
“It seems to me that this superabundance of sex theories, which for the most part are mere hypotheses, and often quite arbitrary ones, stems from a personal need. It springs from the desire to justify one's own abnormal or excessive sex life before bourgeois morality and to plead for tolerance towards oneself. This veiled respect for bourgeois morality is as repugnant to me as rooting about in all that bears on sex. No matter how rebellious and revolutionary it may be made to appear, it is in the final analysis thoroughly bourgeois. Intellectuals and others like them are particularly keen on this. There is no room for it in the Party, among the class-conscious, fighting proletariat.”
While faggots are not mentioned specifically, one would have to go through mental gymnastics to conclude that Lenin doesn't have in mind faggots, along with other sexual degenerates. And just as Lenin predicted the total parasitism of Western Europe, he has basically outlined how the pro-faggot movement won acceptance from the imperialist bourgeoisie of the West; they used a 'sex theory' to win acceptance from bourgeoisie society, namely the lie that people are born faggots . Probably most importantly, Lenin said this shit should not be allowed into the party. While not a blanket ban on homosexuals entering the party, it is a ban on the ideas spread by homosexuals into a revolutionary party. Lenin doesn't want to let people into the revolutionary Party that is supposed to represent the working class that would split it based on their ideas about faggots, which for all practical purposes today, would be a ban on faggots and their enablers into the Party.
Not much needs to be said about the attitude of the Bolsheviks under Stalin. Faggotry was re-criminalized in the USSR, and would remain so until 1991. The Bolsheviks would go as far as equating homosexuality with Nazism and fascism itself, an idea picked up later in The Pink Swastika by Scott Lively and Kevin Abrams. Even during the period of decriminalization of homosexuality, it was still seen as a mental illness that needed to be cured. The modern idea that people are born with faggot-DNA never crossed the minds of the Marx, Engels, Lenin or Stalin. They all clearly viewed it as an extreme form of degeneracy, linked with the bourgeoisie and fascism itself.
That's four out of the five heads. What about Mao?
This issue has been on my mind as of late primarily because First-World "Maoists" are some of the worst boosters of US imperialism in the world today. First-World "Maoists" have latched on to lines spewing from Beijing about "Soviet Social-Imperialism" to justify all sorts of phrase-mongering chicanery in the service of their imperialist masters. MIM had been exposing these liars for decades, but few today are willing to follow in MIM's footsteps in ruthlessly criticizing First-World "Maoism."
It is well known the RCP=CIA used to have an anti-faggot line, one they seemed to try to keep a lid on, just like the Ray O. Light group allegedly does today (and probably for similar reasons). MIM used to attack them for this, but never seemed to develop any sort of detailed, coherent critique based on this. For all their great theoretical insight, MIM never seemed to want to tackle this question in any great detail, and I have an idea why.
If you type in words like "homosexuality mao cultural revolution" into a search engine, you will get many, many results talking about the persecution of homosexuals during the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution. Mao himself is said to have viewed homosexuality as the " mouldering lifestyle of capitalism " and homosexuals are said to have been more persecuted during the GPCR than at any time during all of China's history. There are tales of the Red Guards publicly castrating homosexuals during this period. People suspected of engaging in homosexual acts are said to have been rounded up and put in camps.
As with anything about the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution, the evidence is scanty. Most of these claims either have no sources at all, or their sources don't really have any sources either. There is probably better direct evidence for the persecution of homosexuals under the GPCR available in the Chinese language, and will have to wait until someone is willing to translate them (such as Li Yinhe's "History of Chinese Homosexuality"), but on the flip side, no one has seriously tried to deny these claims either. Which brings me to my next point...
Given that all First-World "Maoists" groups will claim that the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution was the greatest revolutionary advance in history (or some such garbage), and given that nearly all First-World radiKKKalism requires the acceptance of faggotry, we have an interesting contradiction on our hands. At this point, it seems to me First-World "Maoists" would simply dismiss the issue out of hand, because primary sources are lacking. This will eventually change, and people will see that it is undoubtedly true that faggots were persecuted under the GPCR, and that the CPC has never viewed faggots in anything but a negative light. This opens up the possibly of splitting First-World "Maoism" into two camps: those who, like MIM, refuse to give up the GPCR as symbolizing the greatest revolutionary advance ever, and those who love faggots more than the GPCR as a symbol. More importantly, it opens up the possibility of splitting Third-World Maoists who still adhere to all this dogmatic nonsense from the First-World "Maoists" who won't step away from faggot-worship.
And for those willing to listen, it is also an opportunity to spread the queer-theoretical attacks on homo-nationalism and the homosexual identity that can be found in the works of people like Joseph Massad and Jasbir Puar. This is important for getting people to realize First-World faggots are not only just as parasitic as their straight counterparts, but that imperialism will increasingly rely on faggotry as a rallying call for First-World radiKKKalism to get behind imperialist military campaigns. And the sooner the Third-World realizes that the imperialists and the faggots are joined at the hip, the better off the Third-World will be.
As I have stated elsewhere on this blog, acceptance of faggotry is absolutely required on the Amerikan "Left," whether within the mainstream "Left" or on the fringes of it. Even groups which allegedly don't take a pro-faggot line, such as the Ray O. Light group, are not open about their views on homosexuality. My guess is some old people in control of the ROL group don't want to change the line on this question, while any younger people they recruit probably do, and they would just rather not talk about it than struggle on the question, possibly splitting their already tiny party in the process.For those interested in the history of the communist movement's attitude towards faggots, it should be noted that it has always universally been negative. Engels was especially visceral in his opposition to faggotry. The German group Neue-Einheit has a webpage titled Unequivocal statements by Friedrich Engels which compiles all the remarks Engels made on the subject. Of particular interest to anyone interested in the theory of the Labor Aristocracy (and the Labor Bureaucracy) are Engels' remarks about the faggot Hasselmann. Basically what we have here is an instance of homosexuals becoming the leaders of the early German Labor Bureaucracy, and being extreme opponents of Marx and Engels. This episode in the radical careers of Marx and Engels should have special importance to anyone who might want to critically review Miriam Frank's Out in the Union: A Labor History of Queer America to figure out exactly when the Amerikan Labor Aristocracy embraced faggotry wholeheartedly.While Marx and Engels are clearly opposed to faggotry, with Engels explicitly associating it with pedophilia in his most important independent work (Origins of the Family), the Bolshevik attitude is less clear. Many people bring up the decriminalization of homosexuality and the removal of age of consent laws in 1922 as evidence of the Bolsheviks' "progressive" attitude towards kiddy-rape and faggotry. While age of consent laws were abolished in 1922 and homosexuality decriminalized, this was the work of a small committee of individuals. When the "Left" Socialist-Revolutionaries pulled out of the Justice Commissariat in protest of Brest-Litovsk, the drafting of the new code went primarily to a handful of Bolsheviks who had taken over the Justice Commissariat and the Institute of Soviet Law. Most of these people were also heavily involved in the 1919 trial of pedophile-priest Bishop Palladii, which itself is a testament to how Bolshevism viewed men and boys fucking. The original documents under review, written by Kozlovskii, actually did have references to age of consent and kiddy-rape. Exactly why they were removed remains obscure.There is certainly nothing in anything Lenin wrote that would lead one to the conclusion that the Bolsheviks were pro-faggot. In fact, the opposite is the case. The German communist Clara Zetkin wrote down Lenin's remarks on various topics relating to women and sex, which seem to backhandedly speak of homosexuality. To quote the relevant parts:
Updated 8:26 PM ET
ACAPULCO, Mexico Six Spanish tourists were raped by a gang of armed, masked men in the Mexican resort of Acapulco, the latest chapter of violence that has tarnished the once-glamorous Pacific coast resort.
The vicious, hours-long attack occurred before dawn Monday at a house that six Spanish men, six Spanish women and a Mexican woman had rented on a quiet, idyllic stretch of beach on the outskirts of Acapulco.
The attackers gained access to the house because two of the Spaniards were in the yard and apparently were forced to open the door, Acapulco Mayor Luis Walton told a news conference late Monday.
The five attackers burst into the house and held the group at gunpoint, he said. They tied up the six men with phone cords and bathing suit straps and then raped the six Spanish women. The Mexican woman was not raped.
Guerrero state Attorney General Martha Garzon said the Mexican woman begged the men not to rape her and the assailsants told her they would spare her because she is Mexican.
"Fortunately we have strong evidence to lead us to those responsible for this reprehensible act," Garzon told Radio Formula.
The attack began about two hours after midnight Monday and the victims were only able to report the crime five hours later, at nearly seven in the morning.
"This is a regrettable situation, and of course it is going to damage Acapulco," Walton said.
The once-glittering resort that attracted movie stars and celebrities in the 1950s and 60s has already been battered by years of drug gang killings and extortions, but except for very few incidents, the violence has not touched tourists.
Walton said he believed, but wasn't sure, that the assailants in Monday's attack didn't belong to a drug gang. Guerrero state Attorney General Martha Garzon Guzman said witness descriptions of the attackers were more difficult to obtain because they wore masks.
"From what the attorney general has told me, I don't think this was organized crime," Walton said. "But that will have to be investigated, we don't know."
Mexico's Foreign Relations Department issued a statement saying it regretted the attack, and suggesting it was not drug-cartel related.
"Up to now, the investigations are being carried out by local authorities and they will be the ones to provide information," the statement said.
In Mexico, federal authorities investigate drug-related crimes.
Security and drug analyst Jorge Chabat said that, after years of drug gang activity in Acapulco, the distinction may be merely semantic.
"At this point, the line between common and organized crime is very tenuous, there are a lot of these gangs that take advantage of the unsafe situation that currently exists, they know the government can't keep up," Chabat said. "Everything points to this being organized crime, because several gangs have operated there for years ... it's probably not the big cartels, but there are smaller groups that carry out crimes on a permanent basis."
The Spanish Embassy in Mexico City said the victims were receiving consular assistance.
The victims were "psychologically affected" by the attack and received treatment, the mayor said.
Spain's Foreign Ministry had already issued a traveler advisory on its website for Acapulco before the Monday attack, listing the resort as one of Mexico's "risk zone," though not the worst.
"In Acapulco, organized crime gangs have carried out violence, though up to now that has not affected tourists or the areas they visit," the advisory states. "At any rate, heightened caution is advised."
The attack came just three days after a pair of Mexican tourists returning from a beach east of Acapulco were shot at and slightly wounded by members of a masked rural self-defense squad that has set up roadblocks in areas north of Acapulco, to defend their communities against drug gang violence.
The vigilantes say the Mexican tourists failed to stop at their improvised roadblock.
Walton said the city was already contemplating ways to revive the city's image.
"We have to look at an advertising campaign to say that not everything in Acapulco is like that," Walton said. "This happens everywhere in the world, not just in Acapulco or in Mexico."
The attack was particularly embarrassing for Mexico, because it came just four days after Tourism Secretary Claudia Ruiz Massieu visited the International Tourism Fair held in Madrid to launch a "promotional offensive" depicting Mexico as a safe and attractive destination.
"This is Mexico's moment," Massieu said, describing it as "a safe country."
The granddaddy of Mexican resorts, Acapulco was glorified in Frank Sinatra songs and Elvis movies. Elizabeth Taylor was married there, John F. and Jackie Kennedy came on their honeymoon, and Howard Hughes spent his later years hiding out in a suite at the Princess Hotel, a pyramid-shaped icon in the exclusive Punta Diamante, or Diamond Point, zone.
Beheadings and drug gang shootouts, some on the city's main seaside boulevard, became more frequent after 2006, as gangs fought for control of the city's drug and extortion business.
One of the existing theories for the building of pyramids and other megalithic monuments is that sonic levitation was used, which means instruments that could levitate heavy objects and make them easier to move. More recent stories include techniques that are used in some areas in Tibet where, with the help of drums and trumpets, they can levitate large stones on the slopes of mountains and move them wherever is needed for building walls. Dr Jarl has provided a detailed description and drawings of this process – allegedly he even filmed the event.
A similar process was suggested to have been used for building the coral castle in the US , another controversial and relatively recent event. The coral castle is a stone structure that was built by the Latvian American Edward Leedskalnin, who said that he had discovered the techniques that Egyptians used to build the pyramids, techniques related to levitation/antigravity technologies. He never revealed his secrets. It took him 28 years to build the castle from about 1923 to 1951and refused to allow anyone to view him while he worked. He did the castle completely on his own carving more than 1,000 tons of rock. Although nobody heard any sounds from him building, if he used sonic levitation it doesn't mean that the sonic levitation methods used sound waves audible to humans.
Abul Hasan Ali Al-Masudi, an Arab historian, has written about Egypt and he mentioned the way that Egyptians used to move stones , referring to a magic papyrus that was placed under the stone and then the stone was struck with a metal rod causing the stone to levitate and move along an area paved with stones and a fenced path with metal poles on both sides of the path. This sounds like metal poles used to vibrate creating frequencies in such a way that they would create a moving path for the stones.
A few years ago sonic drilling was demonstrated by NASA as a means to be used for mining material from rocks and other hard materials in space missions. However, today researchers have managed to use sound waves to levitate and move tiny particles precisely and liquid droplets. Multiple vibrating plates are used to create different frequencies and move an acoustic field with the particles trapped in it. Comparing to what was previously mentioned from the Tibetan monks and Edward Leedskalnin, this scientific demonstration looks primitive, but it is a step that shows that sonic levitation can be used and will improve as more scientific research will be done. And if it can be done for droplets it will for sure be done for larger objects in the future.
By John Black
On Friday we posted about the Russian fishing vessel, Sparta, which was in danger of sinking off the Ross Ice shelf in Antarctica. The ship with a crew of 32 had been holed five feet below the water line and was listing to 13 degrees. Since then the news has been mixed. A New Zealand Air Force Hercules flew over the Sparta late Saturday and dropped an emergency pump and fuel to help stabilize the ship. The second pump was able to slow the flooding but patches which the crew had placed on the hull failed. They are now attempting to re-secure the patches to the hull.
The Sparta's owners have chartered the RV Aron, a South Korean icebreaker, to aid the stricken ship, but it could take eight days for the Aron to reach the Sparta. The New Zealand fishing vessel, San Aspiring, gave up an attempt to reach the Sparta due to the ice. The Norwegian vessel Sel Jevaer is only 19 nautical miles away but is currently blocked in by ice. Sparta‘s sister ship, Chiyo Maru No. 3 is slowly making its way towards the stricken vessel but is still days away.
Ocean rescue hampered by ice
Feather Pod Starter Kit by KandyPens
Introducing KandyPens first ever nicotine salt vape mod!
Light as a feather with powerful vapor production, the KandyPens Feather pod starter kit is a super compact limited edition portable ejuice pod system specifically designed for use with Nicotine Salt vape juices. Utilizing an air-activated heating system powered by a 380mAh battery, the KandyPens Feather delivers the smoother hits of Nic Salt while remaining portable. A 2ml refillable pod holds an ample amount of nicotine salt or CBD e-liquids / e-juices. Easily concealable in your pocket or hand, this ultra discreet vape lets you take big, flavorful draws in a stealthy, portable manner.
POWERFUL AIR-ACTIVATED BATTERY
KandyPens Feather features a powerful 380mAh rechargeable lithium-ion battery with auto-draw activation. As you take a hit, the force of the draw activates the Feather's heating system, which rapidly delivers smooth and delicious vapor. Rather than fiddle with control buttons, you can simply take a hit and enjoy vapor on-demand. An LED indicator keeps you informed about battery life, and you can charge from multiple power sources using the included micro-USB charger.
SLEEK, COMPACT, DURABLE
Featuring a durable rubber black finish and a pocket-friendly design, the KandyPens Feather has an elegant, minimalist look that reflects in its stripped down user-experience. Designed in the USA, this handmade portable vape for eliquid is built to last with a lifetime warranty on the battery. With one of the most compact builds in the industry, the Feather vaporizer is only 80mm tall and 8mm wide. You can easily carry the Feather in your pocket, or conceal it in your grip as you take a hit.
Product Features:
Julian Finney/Getty Images
New Barcelona manager Luis Enrique is getting serious about overhauling his squad ahead of the new season. He has targeted three marquee names, including Uruguay sensation Luis Suarez, to help improve the team's attacking potential.
Barça weren't quite the same going forward last season as in previous campaigns. The signing of Brazil's Neymar, along with the conundrum of what to do with Cesc Fabregas, seemed to disrupt the balance.
Admittedly, players such as Alexis Sanchez and Pedro still found the net with regularity. Even talisman Lionel Messi, who struggled with uneven form compared with his normally superb standards, still produced sporadic moments of brilliance.
But at key times last season, Barça players were found wanting in front of goal. Their struggles to break down Atletico Madrid in both the UEFA Champions League and La Liga were the prime examples.
Suarez is just one option for fixing those woes.
Luis Suarez, Liverpool
If Enrique lands only one player this summer, it has to Suarez. The maverick Uruguay international is a true genius on the football pitch.
He would be the perfect complement to Messi's awesome dominance and Neymar's stunning pace. Enrique's chances of actually prying Suarez away from Liverpool have taken a positive turn recently.
USA TODAY Sports
According to Catalan newspaper Mundo Deportivo (h/t Daily Star reporter Chisanga Malata), Suarez is receptive to joining Barcelona. Mundo Deportivo even claims the prolific striker made the decision to quit Anfield after the penultimate game of the Premier League season.
If Suarez can be tempted to swap Merseyside for the Camp Nou, Enrique must pull out all the stops to get him. The 27-year-old is the type of selfless, complementary attacker who would help Messi return to his best.
Not simply consigned to a central role, Suarez is a roving attacker, equally comfortable drifting wide. That would create ample room for Messi to create havoc in those middle areas he loves.
In addition to his goalscoring exploits, Suarez is also a shrewd creator. He is lethal whenever he drops off the front line and is able to target pacey teammates with through passes.
If Barcelona is serious about getting the most from Neymar, and they should be, signing Suarez would guarantee improvement from the Brazilian.
Denis Doyle/Getty Images
Malata cites a report in Catalan publication Sport, stating Barça have both the resources and willingness to make a deal happen this summer:
Catalan newspaper Sport claim that Barça president Josep Maria Bartomeu has made Suarez his number one transfer target for the summer and that the club have been in contact with the striker's agent. Sport also claim that Bartomeu is willing to pay Liverpool a staggering £68m and offer them Chilean midfielder Alexis Sanchez to secure Suarez's services.
Add Suarez alongside Messi and Barcelona will have the most feared forward line in the game. It will certainly be good enough to bring silverware back to the Camp Nou.
Gonzalo Higuain, Napoli
One alternative to securing the majestic artistry of Suarez is to pursue the brute force of Napoli powerhouse Gonzalo Higuain. Barcelona have already expressed interest in Messi's fellow countryman, per The Guardian. Now Enrique is ready to sweeten the pot.
According to talkSport.co.uk, Enrique is prepared to offer disappointing midfielder Alex Song to tempt Napoli boss Rafa Benitez:
Enrique is keen on Higuain and Rafa Benitez, who is in the market for a defensive midfielder, will be offered a cash-swap deal with Song going to Italy. Benitez originally wanted Barcelona's Javier Mascherano, but the ex-Liverpool player is not being made available having just signed a new contract.
Benitez has never been shy about stockpiling deep-lying midfield players. The Spanish coach could be tempted by the challenge of reviving Song's career. The Cameroon man has been dismal for Barça since defecting from Arsenal in 2012.
Certainly, parting with Song to get Higuain would represent excellent business. The former Real Madrid striker offers qualities Barcelona currently don't possess.
Alex Livesey/Getty Images
He boasts surprising strength, as well as a direct and decisive approach to taking shots on and pouncing on chances. In a team often chided for overplaying, Higuain's scoring instincts could be invaluable, even if he doesn't offer as much in a complementary sense as Suarez.
Juan Cuadrado, Fiorentina
Enrique may not rely on his strikers as much for creativity if he can complete a a deal for stylish Fiorentina winger Juan Cuadrado. The Colombia international's agent is said to be ready to meet with Barcelona to reach an agreement, according to Marca.com: "Having acquired 100% of the Colombian's rights, Fiorentina might consider selling him for €28m."
Frankly, €28 million is a bargain fee for a player as dynamic as Cuadrado. He is a twisting, weaving delight any time he gets the ball and runs at defenders.
But the 26-year-old isn't just a wing-based trickster. He plays with a good physical power and is a creative threat whenever he drifts into central positions.
Cuadrado has the vision to spot runners and angle passes between the lines. Those qualities make him ideal for Bacra's intricate possession style, while the rest of his game can add the athletic edge the club missed last season.
Enrique knows he can't avoid shaking up this squad during the summer. His intent to do so is shown in the calibre of targets he is already pursuing.
Signing Suarez is easily the biggest statement the club's new manager can make this summer. It's a move that would put the pressure back on the Madrid clubs to try and keep pace.
More important, Suarez's tactical impact would restore the potency of Barça's once-feared attacking fluency.
India's macro-economic stability remains strong on the back of an improvement in fundamentals, structural reforms with the launch of the goods and services tax and steps to tackle the twin balance sheet problems, according to the deliberations at a meeting of the Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) on Tuesday, chaired by finance minister Arun Jaitley.
Advertising
The Council, consisting mostly of regulators and secretaries of the finance ministry, also took note of investor confidence in financial markets, which is reflected in high and rising bond and stock valuations and long-term positive consequences of demonetisation, according to a finance ministry statement.
Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian made a presentation on the state of Indian economy at the meeting. The twin balance sheet problem refers to overleveraged companies and bad-loan-encumbered banks, which has dented investments in the economy. “The Council also discussed the issues and challenges facing the Indian economy and the members agreed to the need to keep constant vigil and be in a state of preparedness of managing any external and internal vulnerabilities,” the ministry said in the statement.
RBI Governor Urjit Patel, finance secretary Ashok Lavasa, economic affairs secretary Subhash Chandra Garg, financial services secretary Anjuly Chib Duggal, corporate affairs secretary Tapan Ray, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeiTY) Secretary Ajay Prakash Sawhney, Sebi Chairman Ajay Tyagi and IRDAI Chairman TS Vijayan were among those who attended the meeting.
The Council also took stock of the progress of the Financial Sector Assessment Programme for India, jointly conducted by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. “The Council directed that the assessment report should be finalised by the end of this calendar year,” it said.
A brief report on measures taken by the FSDC sub-committee, headed by the RBI Governor, was presented at the meeting. The Council also went for a comprehensive review of the action taken on the decisions at earlier meetings of the body.
Advertising
The meeting deliberated on the central KYC registry system and discussed the issues and suggestions relating to the operationalisation of the registry. Sebi has already set the December deadline for linking Aadhaar with KYC for stock market transactions. The Council also discussed at length on strengthening regulation of credit rating agencies.
(With FE inputs)
Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) arrives for work at the Capitol on Dec. 4. The 80-year-old Republican chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee is considered by critics to be one of the most notorious deniers of human-induced climate change. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
As we watch the new GOP-controlled Congress clash over the Keystone XL pipeline, it's rather depressing to realize that this is just the beginning of the pitched, drag-out battles to come over climate change in the next two years.
Even bigger than Keystone XL is the coming fight over the Environmental Protection Agency's plans to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from older coal-fired power plants, known as the Clean Power Plan. Republicans hate it; to them it epitomizes everything they despise about command-and-control government regulatory actions. Democrats don't love it, per se, but they think it's sadly necessary (since they can't get Republicans to pass a law to limit greenhouse gas emissions).
Yet, while watching the blow-by-blow, there's been far too little stepping back and realizing how we got here. That's the wrong approach in light of the following two facts: First, even proponents of strong climate action wouldn't call EPA's approach their first choice; and second, we also know enough about the psychology of politics to recognize that EPA's approach — not that the agency can help it, of course — is guaranteed to produce a highly polarized partisan response.
In other words: We're walking along a path that pretty much ensures partisanship and divisiveness. But there are signs that many Republicans these days may be looking for a way to gracefully surrender on climate change, and there's still a solution available that isn't EPA's: a revenue-neutral carbon tax, with the revenue returned to U.S. citizens in the form of tax breaks or a dividend.
That's right, Americans would make money off climate change, rather than being harmed by potentially higher energy prices.
The new science of politics and polarization
Before getting to why that's the answer, though, let's go over why the current course is so polarizing.
The past decade or so has witnessed a psychological revolution in political science. Through scores of experiments, political scientists have drawn on tools ranging from psychology to genetics to explain what makes people tick in politics – and also what inspires their responses in specific issue areas, such as the environment.
This research explains why climate change has become one of the most partisan issues in the United States. One study last year found that the only thing on which the left and right diverged more than climate was whether or not they liked President Obama.
To see why this issue is so partisan, you first have to understand our new psychological view of politics. Broadly speaking, political views are elaborate, emotionally rooted manifestations of divergent psychological identities. In other words, we diverge in politics because we first diverge as people; and we clash so virulently and uncompromisingly because we feel our beliefs at least as much as we think them.
Bottom line: Politics is pretty much the polar opposite of rationality.
This is true for the environment, just as it is true for many subjects. On the environment, there is a deep emotional divide between the left and the right that precedes and underlies all policy fights. The two groups are driven by divergent, emotionally rooted value systems.
Conservatives embrace a value system that puts a premium on freedom and liberty and that is often termed “individualism.” The idea here is that it is fair and right for individuals to succeed or fail in the world based upon their own merits, but it's wrong is for government to step in and tip the scales by favoring one individual over another. Thus, individualists, in surveys, are much more likely to agree with statements like “the government interferes far too much in our everyday lives” and “society works best when it lets individuals take responsibility for their own lives without telling them what to do.”
Liberals (and environmentalists) are very different. They put a much higher emotional premium on protecting the weak and innocent (including not only humans but also plants and animals) from harm, and upon a communitarian approach in which individual freedoms are not paramount and must often be curtailed in the interest of the broader group and everyone's safety.
Climate change is partisan today because it has become an issue that drives a gigantic wedge between individualists and communitarians. Conservative individualists have come to see dealing with climate change as a fundamental threat to a value system that places a premium on the individual's ability to thrive, free of government interference, which in this case (they think) would take the form of tamping down on the free operation of markets by curtailing emissions.
And thus you actually have a situation where, as shown in Yale professor Dan Kahan's research, as people get better informed about climate change — in other words, becoming more like our elected leaders, pundits and politically engaged citizens — they become more polarized over the issue:
Not only are individualism (and communitarianism) powerful predictors of whether individuals actually believe that climate change is real and a threat, but it turns out that if you reframe the climate issue in a way that favors solutions in line with the value systems of an individualist, you depolarize the issue. Thus, solutions like increasing nuclear power – which is seen as more of a business-oriented approach – or unleashing geoengineering schemes, which are perceived to rely on technological ingenuity – make conservatives much more willing to believe that global warming is actually a problem.
Conversely, what makes conservatives most unwilling to do something about climate change? A government regulatory solution, such as action by the EPA to force cuts in greenhouse gas emissions. But that's precisely the approach that we're now pursuing –not that Obama or the Democrats wanted it this way — because of a long history that centers on the failure, early in the Obama years, to get a so-called cap-and-trade bill through Congress, followed by the growing power of the Tea Party, which has been strongly dismissive of global warming risks.
There's still a way out
What can break this logjam? First, the recognition of what eventually has to happen: Republicans have to accept the science of climate change, and Democrats have to find a solution that those across the aisle can also live with. And it's unlikely the EPA solution is going to be the one.
So, what's the answer? That's pretty clear at this point: a nationwide carbon tax that returns all the revenue from the tax to citizens, rather than using any of it for new government programs. This is, basically, what the province of British Columbia in Canada has done by instituting a revenue-neutral carbon tax that has greatly lowered the taxes of citizens in the province.
Why a carbon tax? We've already seen that EPA's approach, much like the Keystone XL pipeline issue, prompts polarization. And nobody really wants to go back to the other failed approach — cap-and-trade, which died in the Senate during Obama's first term.
Carbon tax backers, however, include many conservatives and Republican economists, such as Harvard's Greg Mankiw, who advised both President George W. Bush and Mitt Romney. Mankiw argues for a carbon tax quite bluntly: “Basic economics tells us that when you tax something, you normally get less of it. So if we want to reduce global emissions of carbon, we need a global carbon tax. Q.E.D.”
One could go on and on about why economists think that carbon taxes are the best approach. Endless papers have been published on the subject. But what I'm interested in stressing here is that a carbon tax is also something that can be structured so that, of all climate solutions, it is the one that Republicans can most accept.
“I think the reason it would succeed is that it is the conservative solution,” says Mark Reynolds, executive director of the Citizen's Climate Lobby, which supports a carbon tax.
A nationwide tax on carbon (depending on its size) would raise a large amount of revenue. One approach would be using that revenue to fund new government programs, for instance, in clean energy. That might be what liberals prefer, but conservatives individualists, who distrust government, will most assuredly balk.
However, if the tax is “revenue neutral” — meaning that the government does not keep any of the revenue, but rather distributes it to citizens — then it can't be attacked as another big government “tax and spend” initiative. And thus, this approach has the best chance of softening the deep emotional reaction that individualists feel when they think about the climate change issue.
As for returning the revenues? The carbon tax could lead to reductions in corporate or personal income taxes. Or, it could be distributed to citizens in the form of a dividend, which is what the Citizen's Climate Lobby supports. Both would be, er, rather popular — obvious political winners.
Better yet, neither of these solutions increases the size of government, one reason why “a carbon tax would be less polarizing,” explains Charles Komanoff of the Carbon Tax Center. “I'm a lefty guy, but every cent of this I would return to the American people,” adds Komanoff.
And while the EPA's regulations of carbon certainly won't wreck the economy (alarmist claims notwithstanding), a carbon tax would likely be better for it. Research commissioned by the Citizen's Climate Lobby examined the impact of a tax on carbon of $10 per ton, increasing $10 per year, with all of the revenue going back to U.S. citizens through dividend payments. It found that this could actually lead to job gains — estimating 2.8 million over the course of 20 years.
That's not to say there would be no problems with a carbon tax. There is much research on whether it would be regressive, having more impact on poorer citizens than on wealthier ones, given that there would be some increase in the price of energy, which makes up a greater percentage of total expenditures for low-income people.
This problem would have to be addressed in the policy design, but that's not a dealbreaker. British Columbia, for instance, dealt with it by providing low-income tax credits.
The solution…someday
That's not to say that the GOP will be ready to fully back a carbon tax in the next two years. “I'm looking at this Congress as a time when carbon tax advocates are going to keep planting seeds, but I don't really think we're going to be harvesting anything in the next few years,” says Komanoff of the Carbon Tax Center.
Compromising on this issue just won't be easy. There is a very long history of attacking the existence of the problem on the GOP side, which thwarts the embracing of solutions and also enrages scientists and the left. Meanwhile, Obama has given up on trying to get Congress to pass a law, and understandably opted for the EPA approach because it was the one option that he actually had.
Nonetheless, atmospheric physics ultimately forces all hands. The climate problem is real, and it just worsens over time. The science won't go away, the issue won't go away, the world's sense of urgency won't go away — and the politics seem to be shifting in such a way as to make attacking the science of climate change harder to get away with.
So a time may come when the logic of this article makes sense — even if not today. But soon.
And if it happens in the relatively near future, the planet may still be savable.
November 12, 2014 at 6:00 AM
All of a sudden, a whole neighborhood in Seattle is getting the sort of ultrafast broadband service that the city has craved for years.
Every home in the Eastlake neighborhood — even houseboats bobbing in Lake Union — will be able to get fiber-optic broadband with speeds up to 1 gigabit per second at low, fixed rates from a service that's launching in December.
No, Google Fiber is not coming to town. Nor is this the result of City Hall's recent kowtowing to CenturyLink.
Gigabit broadband is coming to Eastlake — and soon to other neighborhoods around Seattle and the Eastside — because the low-profile Kirkland-based Wave Broadband has figured out how to provide top-flight service at a relatively low price.
CondoInternet, a subsidiary of Wave, will offer gigabit-speed broadband in Eastlake for a flat rate of $80 per month, or 100 megabits per second service for $60 per month, with no contract, equipment or service bundle requirements.
Eastlake is a trial rollout for a fiber-optic service referred to as fiber-to-the-home. The company hopes to extend the service to other neighborhoods in Seattle and other communities around Puget Sound. Construction has been under way for months in Eastlake, where the service will begin in December, starting with the south end of the neighborhood and working north toward the University Bridge.
This should accelerate Seattle's decade-long quest for better broadband.
Mayor after mayor has wrung hands, called for studies and made political hay out of the need for ultrafast broadband. This intensified in 2010 when Google announced plans to experiment with gigabit broadband in a few cities, and Seattle joined a national stampede of municipalities begging for Google Fiber.
Google chose to start in Kansas City and hasn't shown much interest in wiring Seattle. Mayor Mike McGinn, who promised fast broadband for all when he first ran for office, scaled back the plan and cut a deal with a startup called Gigabit Squared in 2012, hoping to add fast service in several neighborhoods. But it didn't have financing and the project fizzled out.
Meanwhile, CondoInternet was steadily wiring up condos and apartments in Seattle with ultrafast service, starting in 2008. It's now reaching about 20,000 residents, 75 percent of whom have gigabit speeds available.
CondoInternet was acquired last year by Wave, which lined up $1 billion for its broadband expansion in 2012 and now has about 1,000 employees.
The Eastlake project marks CondoInternet's expansion to single-family homes and the start of a broader challenge to Comcast, CenturyLink and others.
Whether or not CondoInternet leapfrogs the entrenched providers, it will pressure them to provide better services and prices. It also comes as consumers are increasingly looking to Internet-delivered content as an alternative to traditional cable plans and broadband policies are becoming a national focus.
“Our goal would be to have a large offering of fiber to the home in the next few years. The question is where can we build it most efficiently and economically,” said John van Oppen, senior vice president of CondoInternet and Wave.
Instead of digging trenches and installing big cabinets in neighborhoods, CondoInternet is building an aerial service along power poles. Homes wanting the service will be connected via a wire, similar to a phone or cable TV line.
In Eastlake, this will enable the company to reach all of the roughly 2,400 homes in an area bounded by Galer Street to the south and University Bridge to the north. The area was chosen for the trial because it's dense and includes a mix of housing types, including single-family homes, apartments, duplexes and houseboats.
CenturyLink began upgrading its Seattle network in August to provide gigabit service. That came after City Hall agreed to change land-use rules at the company's behest, making it easier to install utility cabinets in front of homes. Other options include putting the equipment underground or mounting it on poles, but above-ground cabinets are the cheapest way to proceed.
After the rule change was introduced by Mayor Ed Murray, a past recipient of CenturyLink campaign donations, the company started upgrading its network in Ballard. Gigabit service is now available to some homes there, but a spokeswoman wouldn't say how many have access or have signed up.
CenturyLink hopes to have its gigabit service available to “tens of thousands” of Seattle homes in 2015, spokeswoman Meg Andrews said.
The company charges $152 per month for standalone gigabit broadband service, after promotions.
Comcast has started rolling out gigabit service cities where it's facing new competition, but it hasn't yet announced such plans for Seattle.
Comcast may have anticipated the CondoInternet challenge, though. Last week it announced that it was doubling the speed of its broadband in the region, up to a top speed of 150 Mbps.
After promotions, Comcast's standalone, 150 Mbps “Extreme” tier costs $115 per month. Its 105 Mbps service costs $78 per month and its 50 Mbps service costs $67 per month.
The city of Seattle is still mulling whether to enter the market directly with a municipal broadband service, similar to what cities such as Tacoma and Chattanooga, Tenn., have done. It's working with consultants to update a previous study of the issue and may have a new version done in April.
“We are looking at whether the city should be a retail provider by itself,” said Michael Mattmiller, the city's chief technology officer.
Mattmiller said CondoInternet's move will be a consideration for the city, but the broader goal is to make sure everyone in the city has access.
“If providers are stepping up to provide that service, it does change the need of the city to step up and provide that service,” he said.
Either way, a new entrant “has some very positive benefits for consumers and businesses” and will reduce costs and probably push incumbents to provide faster service, he said.
CondoInternet is not using the public network assets that Seattle previously offered up to broadband providers. It is working with cities on construction permits and pole access but doesn't need franchise agreements since it's not providing cable TV service.
Van Oppen wouldn't say where CondoInternet's residential service will go next, but the expansion will come first to areas where it has infrastructure serving business customers. Those areas include Bellevue, Kirkland and Redmond and neighborhoods around Seattle. The company is inviting residents of the Puget Sound region to register their interest in the service, at CondoInternet.com/fiber.
Within a few years, residential gigabit service could be “virtually anywhere where we have business customers,” he said.
The ultimate goal is to upgrade Wave's entire network along the West Coast, including the former Broadstripe cable service area in Seattle, to provide gigabit-speed broadband, he said.
“Our long-term plan is definitely around gigabit to as many users as we can do it,” van Oppen said, “over whatever technology can do that.”
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Donald Trump has told us he likes to be unpredictable. This art of the deal was on full display Thursday evening in Syria.
I have been writing for some time now about how Trump out thinks and out plans his rivals. He is a master chess player on the geopolitical stage, rivaling, or surpassing, the KGB spymaster, Putin. He prepares the battlefield before fighting. By the time he gets to the negotiation table, the deal is already done.
Vladimir Putin has needed an enemy to focus his people's ire, to take their minds off their economic problems. This enemy, for the last decade, has been the United States. Enter Donald Trump, stage right.
Trump has been talking about working with Russia for two years. He has been offering an olive branch, saying “nice things” about Putin, to the derision of the Left and the Obama media. He has taken the arrows, and kept pressing, not reversing his course of wanting to have better relations with Russia, in spite of Chris Wallace and others making fun of him on their Sunday morning shows.
Now we know why.
Russia has been taking advantage of the lack of leadership in the Middle East under Barack Obama. They have pushed and pushed and pushed. The Kremlin secured a nuclear deal for Iran and are now the recipient of billions in weapons sales. Moscow has established a permanent beachhead in Syria. Even Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu has flown to visit Putin in Moscow several times, needing a friend after he lost trust in the United States under Hussein.
Now Trump has taken decisive action that most likely caught the Kremlin off guard. How can Putin credibly blame the U.S. after Trump has made nice for all this time? How can Trump be the enemy when the Kremlin was ecstatic he won over Hillary?
The narrative coming out of Russia now on the chemical weapons story is not believable. How can Trump be lying when he was made out by Russian state media to be the anti-Obama?
In one brilliant stroke, Trump put Assad on notice, called out Russia's support of this barbarism in a very public way, and frightened Iran, North Korea and China at the same time. Trump also drove a stake in the heart of the “Trump's a Putin puppet” narrative.
And oh yeah, he made Assad pay a price for using chemical weapons, which only enhances American security long term. This is not about the U.S. trying to get involved in Syria. It is strictly about using weapons of mass destruction, which are still very dangerous, which are an existential threat to the United States.
The world is going through an adjustment period. We are moving from a time when the United States was adrift, having lost its focus and intentionally weakened by its former president. It will take the world some time to get used to the new reality.
America is back. She is once again led by a credible, effective leader who will unflinchingly stand up for America's people and her security. This is a good thing but will take the dictators of the world some time to get used to.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A GOP senator on Thursday reportedly responded to President Trump's extended press conference blasting coverage of multiple administration controversies by suggesting that the president consult a therapist.
"I got a text from a Republican senator who said in this text, 'He should do this with a therapist, not on live television,'" CNN's John King reported, noting that he also received texts from Democrats.
King did not reveal the name of the GOP senator.
ADVERTISEMENT
During the sprawling press conference, Trump boasted of his electoral win and appeared to acknowledge that recent leaks about his administration were real even if the reporting around them was wrong.
”The leaks are real, but the news is fake," Trump said.
Trump also maintained that the rollout of his controversial travel ban last month was "perfect," dismissed reports of his campaign aides' contacts with Russia as "fake news" and clashed with a Jewish reporter over his question about anti-semitism.
The president also criticized media coverage of his administration in general.
"The tone is such hatred," he declared.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The star-studded Avengers cast will return to Scotland next year to film a spin-off movie to blockbuster Infinity War.
Hollywood superstars including Scarlett Johansson (Black Widow), Chris Evans (Captain America), Mark Ruffalo (Hulk), Anthony Mackie (Falcon) and Elizabeth Olsen ( Scarlet Witch) all jetted in to film scenes earlier this year.
The £400million action movie – also starring Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr and Benedict Cumberbatch – is due for release in April 2018.
And we can reveal that the A-List cast will be back next year to work on a follow-up.
An industry source said: “A second Avengers film is pencilled in for filming in Scotland in 2018.
“People have been put on standby for another movie next year.
“It won't be until July because the Infinity War premiere is around May and all the cast will be tied up doing promo for that for a month.
“It's exciting news that people behind something as big as Avengers want to come back to shoot another film here. This is a fantastic boost for the Scottish film industry.”
Edinburgh will be used to film scenes again – and Glasgow is also in the frame to double as a US metropolis. Scotland's biggest city was transformed into Philadelphia for Brad Pitt zombie movie World War Z.
(Image: Marvel Studios)
Infinity War director Anthony Russo has raved about Scotland.
He said: “Edinburgh is one of the most beautiful cities I have ever visited – it's very intoxicating for me.”
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley says there is nothing “tough” about Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, calling the businessman's rhetoric on immigration “hate-filled.”
“Look, if Donald Trump is such a big, tough guy, why is it that he takes on — why is it that he takes on minimum wageworkers?” O'Malley, a 2016 Democratic contender, said on MSNBC's "The Rundown with José Díaz-Balart" on Tuesday.
“I don't find anything tough about Donald Trump at all."
ADVERTISEMENT
His comments came days after Trump called O'Malley a “disgusting little weak, pathetic baby” for apologizing to Black Lives Matter who disrupted one of his rallies.
O'Malley had responded to chants of "black lives matter" by saying that "all lives matter." He later apologized to the activists, saying he "meant no disrespect."
On Tuesday, O'Malley repeatedly accused Trump, the GOP front-runner, of making illegal immigrants “scapegoats” for all of America's problems.
“In fact, my parents taught us that this is not strength, this is weakness, when you attack and you scapegoat other people and talk less of other human beings, as he has done in such hate-filled ways," O'Malley said.
“It becomes a very volatile political climate within which charlatans and unscrupulous so-called leaders can scapegoat other people and say that the reason you're not doing better is because of people not like us, people like them, the others."
He also said that if elected he would use executive action to enact comprehensive immigration reform.
“Look, if the current crop of Republicans in Congress were going to be persuaded by heavy-handed enforcement, by deportations without any discernment or further considerations on the impact of breaking up families, if Republicans were going to be persuaded by the numbers of women and children and families that we pen up behind barbed wire and chain link fence, then I think we would have reached that tipping point quite some time ago,” O'Malley said.
Ember's dependency injection system is driven by a resolver. It is used to lookup JavaScript modules agnostic from what kind of module system is used, which can be AMD, CommonJS or just plain globals. A resolver works based on a set of rules, which reflects how Ember apps are structured.
How the resolver is used
The resolver is used widely throughout an Ember application. It is used to lookup routes, models, components and much more.
When your Ember app transitions into a route, the resolver is used to find the corresponding route module. For example: if you navigate to /blog , then the blog route needs to be looked up. This is done by asking the resolver to resolve route:blog , this will resolve a module named blog of type route . After the route is done loading the model, we need a controller, so we ask the resolver for controller:blog . Lastly a template needs to be rendered, so once again we go to the resolver and ask for template:blog .
The same thing happens when rendering a component. First the resolver is asked for component:my-component , then template:component/my-component .
The rules of the resolver
Today the resolver is used the most to resolve modules using Ember CLI's AMD module system. So I'm going to use that in the next few examples.
The prefix
First of all, a resolver requires a modulePrefix variable. This variable is found in the config/environment file of an Ember CLI app and is being passed to the resolver by your Ember application. You should also know that the app/routes/blog.js file in your Ember CLI app gets a different path in the compiled output. The app part of the path is replaced by the modulePrefix variable. So our example would become my-app/routes/blog if our modulePrefix variable is my-app .
Dissecting a resolver statement
The resolver disects the statement route:blog into two parts, a type ( route ) and a name ( blog ). Those parts are then translated into a path which can be used to load a module. In the case of Ember CLI's AMD modules it would give you my-app/routes/blog , which is constructed of modulePrefix / type (pluralized) / name .
The resolver can also easily resolve things nested inside subfolders. For example, template:component/my-component , it'll be resolved to my-app/templates/components/my-component .
You can also make up your own type, it doesn't have to be one of Ember's types. For example, Ember Validations uses the resolver to look up modules of the validator type.
Resolving addon modules
The resolver has one more trick up its sleeve, it can resolve things outside of your app using a custom modulePrefix . If you prefix the statement asked to the resolver with your custom modulePrefix and an @ , then it'll replace the configured modulePrefix with yours. The statement an-addon@component:x-utility would be resolved to an-addon/components/x-utility .
Some exceptions
The resolver has some exceptions built in, to resolve a few special things. Anything with main as the name part will resolve without the name in the resulting module name. So router:main will resolve to my-app/router , leaving out the name part. The same rule applies to store:main .
Conclusion
The resolver is a fairly straightforward abstraction that helps you resolve modules, agnostic from all the various module loading systems. If you get to know how it works it can be a great new tool in your arsenal.
Sinn Féin's support declined by four points from 18 to 14 per cent between July and October, according to the latest Red C opinion poll published today.
In the first opinion poll since the recent Budget, support for Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil's dipped by one percentage point since September.
The Red C poll was published in today's Sunday Business Post.
When asked who voters would give their first preference to in an election, 29 per cent said Fine Gael, 25 per cent said Fianna Fáil, 14 per cent said they would vote for Sinn Féin and 12 per cent said Independent candidates.
The poll was conducted last week between Monday 16th October and Friday 20th October. The opinion poll saw slight changes in support among the smaller opposition parties.
Labour gained one percentage point to 6 per cent, the Independent Alliance's support increased from 2 to 4 per cent, and Solidarity-People Before Profit remained on 4 per cent.
The Green Party moved from 2 per cent to 4, and support for the Social Democrats dropped from 4 to 2 per cent.
On the basis of these poll results none of the smaller parties have managed to break clear of the pack on the crowded Opposition benches and make ground on their 2016 General Election results, based on the polling data since the election.
Support for Renua was at zero, after its support fell by 1 per cent. Support for Independent candidates is up to 12 per cent, from a low of 8 per cent in July over the summer.
Sinn Féin
The latest poll shows support for Sinn Féin has steadily dropped from 18 per cent in July this year, to 16 per cent in September, and 14 per cent this month.
Similarly the Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI poll from 5th October reflects the recent dip in support for the party, with support for Sinn Féin dropping from 21 per cent in March to 19 per cent in the early October opinion poll.
Since becoming Taoiseach this June Leo Varadkar and Fine Gael have taken a more adversarial approach to Sinn Féin, frequently singling the party out for criticism during Dáil debates.
Apart from the dip for Sinn Féin, the recent Red C opinion poll highlights very little change in the fortunes of the other large parties, with Fine Gael holding a consistent 4 point advantage in support over Fianna Fáil.
Recently Fianna Fáil have targeted Taoiseach Leo Varadkar's decision to set up a Strategic Communications Unit, which will cost €5 million, and have criticised it as a political “spin” unit.
The most recent Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI poll from 5th October also reflected the lack of any major gains or losses for the two main political parties since the start of the new Dáil term this autumn. Fine Gael were the most popular party on 31 per cent (+1), followed by Fianna Fáil on 29 per cent (+2), and Sinn Féin on 19 per cent (-1).
Results of the October 22nd Red C poll:
FG 29% (-1)
FF 25% (-1)
SF 14% (-2)
Inds 12% (+2)
Lab 6% (+1)
SocDems 2% (-2)
Sol-PBP 4% (no change)
Greens 4% (+2)
Ind All 4% (+2)
Salmonella causes an estimated $3.7 billion each year in medical costs for Americans, according to the latest estimates from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Economic Research Service. That figure places Salmonella at the top of the rankings for the 15 most costly foodborne illnesses. USDA says it regularly updates its cost estimates for foodborne pathogens to keep policymakers and the public informed about the relative impact of foodborne illness. The top 15 foodborne pathogens account for 95 percent of illnesses and deaths related to food in the U.S. The 15 costliest foodborne pathogens are as follows:
Salmonella – $3.7 billion; 1,027,561 total cases; 19,336 hospitalized; 378 deaths Toxoplasma gondii – $3.3 billion; 86,686 cases; 4,428 hospitalized; 343 deaths Listeria monocytogenes – $2.8 billion; 1,591 cases; 1,173 hospitalized; 306 deaths Norovirus – $2.3 billion; 5,461,731 cases; 14,663 hospitalized; 149 deaths Campylobacter – $1.9 billion; 845,024 cases; 8,463 hospitalized; 76 deaths Clostridium perfringens – $343 million; 965,958 cases; 438 hospitalized; 26 deaths Vibrio vulnificus – $320 million; 96 cases; 93 hospitalized; 36 deaths Yersinia enterocolitica – $278 million; 97,656 cases; 480 hospitalized; 29 deaths E. coli O157 – $271 million; 63,153 cases; 2,138 hospitalized; 30 deaths Vibrio (all other non-cholera species) – 17,564 cases; 83 hospitalized; 8 deaths Shigella – $138 million; 131,254 cases; 1,456 hospitalized; 10 deaths Cryptosporidium – $52 million; 57,616 cases; 210 hospitalized; 4 deaths Vibrio parahaemolyticus – $41 million; 34,664 cases; 100 hospitalized; 4 deaths E. coli non-O157 – $27 million; 112,752 cases; 271 hospitalized; 1 death Cyclospora – $2 million; 11,407 cases; 11 hospitalized; zero deaths
Deaths accounted for the greatest costs incurred from food poisoning. For example, the 378 deaths attributed to Salmonella accounted for 89 percent of the total cost associated with the pathogen, despite Salmonella's 0.04-percent death rate. Other costs incurred can include medical costs, time away from work, and the societal willingness to pay to prevent deaths, USDA said. “Cost estimates of foodborne illnesses have been used in the past to help inform food-safety policy discussions,” the agency noted, “and these updated cost estimates will provide a foundation for economic analysis of food safety policy.”
Designated as a utility type to disguise its primary mission, the Lockheed U-2 was born as high altitude reconnaissance aircraft.
Flying for about 8 hours, at 500 mph, at altitudes in excess of 70,000 feet, U-2 spyplanes launched from airbases in Turkey and Pakistan in the mid to late 1950s and early 1960s landed on the other side of the Soviet Union, at Bodo airfield in Norway, at the end of their reconnaissance missions, with fuel tanks virtually empty.
To extend the range of the aircraft and reach more remote targets, the CIA approached the Navy proposing to develop the ability to launch and land U-2s from carriers.
Project Whale Tale began on an August morning in 1963, when test pilot Bob Schumacher took off with his U-2 from the USS Kitty Hawk aircraft carrier that sailed out of San Diego Harbor. After his successful launch, Schumacher performed several landing approaches, proving that the U-2's performance made arrested landing and wave off (if needed) possible.
But while he was attempting his first landing, one wingtip struck the deck. Schumacher barely managed to take to the air again preventing the plane from crashing overboard.
In spite of the close call, the program continued and three U-2As were modified and got a stronger landing gear, an arresting hook, and wing spoilers that decreased lift during landing. While these modifications were taking place, Schumacher and several CIA pilots developed their carrier landing skills flying T-2 Buckeye trainers from USS Lexington aircraft carrier.
Schumacher landed the first U-2G (as the modified U-2 was designated) on the USS Ranger on Mar. 2, 1964, off the California coast, experiencing only one small problem when the engaged arrestor hook, forced the plane's nose toward the deck and broke off the pitot tube. After quick repairs, he successfully took off again and in the following days, Schumacher and the CIA pilots received carrier qualifications from the Navy.
Even if the operational ability to take off from and land on a carrier was used only once, in May 1964, when a U-2G operating off the USS Ranger was used to monitor the French nuclear test range, at Mururoa Atoll, in the South Pacific Ocean, well out of range of any land-based U-2 aircraft, the program continued to advance in the following years.
In 1967 Lockheed introduced a new variant, designated U-2R, that was larger (by about 40 percent) and featured about twice the range and four times the payload of a standard U-2G. This plane was equipped with an integral arrestor hook, and with wings folding mechanism that reduced the aircraft's footprint and made carrier operations easier.
Lockheed test pilot Bill Park and four CIA pilots conducted tests with the new type of U-2 in November 1969 , from the deck of USS America sailing off the Virginia coast: as part of the tests, a U-2R was successfully moved using one of the America's elevators.
Still, none of these carrier-capable spyplane ever entered active service, being replaced by cheaper spy satellites.
In the impressive footage below you can see several U-2s perform carrier take offs, touch and gos and landings and even if today carrier-based U-2s are only a footnote to Cold War history, the last variant of this legendary aircraft, designated U-2S, is still in service and it remains one of the best intelligence platform among those operated by the U.S. Air Force.
Related articles
The Swedish–Norwegian War, also known as the Campaign against Norway (Swedish: Fälttåget mot Norge), War with Sweden 1814 (Norwegian: Krigen med Sverige 1814), or the Norwegian War of Independence, was a war fought between Sweden and Norway in the summer of 1814. The war resulted in Norway entering into union with Sweden, but with its own constitution and parliament.
Background [ edit ]
Treaty of Kiel [ edit ]
As early as in 1812, prior to the Napoleonic invasion of Russia, the Swedish Crown Prince Charles John had entered into an agreement with Tsar Alexander I that Russia would support a Swedish attack on Norway in order to force Denmark-Norway to cede its northern part to Sweden.[1] The Swedish attack against Norway was rejected, however, Swedish forces were instead directed against France in Central Europe. The Swedish troops were deployed against Napoleon's forces as a result of agreements between Charles John and diplomats from the United Kingdom and Prussia, which indicated that Norway would be ceded to Sweden after France and its allies (which included Denmark-Norway) were defeated.[2]
By the Treaty of Kiel in January 1814, King Frederik VI of Denmark-Norway had to cede Norway to the King of Sweden, due to Denmark-Norway's alliance with France, and its defeat during the later phases of the Napoleonic Wars. This treaty was however not accepted by the Norwegians.
Norwegian Constituent Assembly [ edit ]
Prince Christian Frederick of Denmark, heir presumptive to the thrones of Denmark and Norway and Governor-general of Norway, took the lead in the insurrection, and he called for a constitutional assembly. This adopted the liberal constitution of 17 May, which also elected Christian Frederick as the king of an independent Norway.
As the head of the new state, Christian Frederick desperately tried to gain support from the United Kingdom, or any of the other major powers within the Sixth Coalition, in order to maintain Norway's independence. However, the foreign diplomats gave no hope for any outside support to the Norwegians.
Armies [ edit ]
The Norwegian Army mustered 30,000 men, and it had taken up positions away from the border with Sweden, in the fear of being outflanked. The Norwegian navy had few vessels, and most of them were stationed at the islands of Hvaler, close to Sweden.
The Swedish Army consisted of 45,000 men, experienced and well-equipped soldiers. The Swedish Navy had a number of large vessels and a capacity for moving and landing troops.
Major commanders [ edit ]
War [ edit ]
The hostilities opened on 26 July with a swift Swedish naval attack against the Norwegian gunboats at Hvaler. The Norwegian army was evacuated and the vessels managed to escape, but they did not take part in the rest of the war. The main Swedish offensive came across the border at Halden, bypassing and surrounding the fortress of Fredriksten, and then continuing north, while a second force of 6,000 soldiers landed at Kråkerøy outside of Fredrikstad. This town surrendered the next day. This was the start of a pincer movement around the main part of the Norwegian army at Rakkestad.
On the front towards Kongsvinger the forces were more evenly matched, and the Norwegian army eventually stopped the Swedish advance at Lier on 2 August, and won another victory at Matrand on 5 August. On 3 August, King Christian Frederick reached the front at Østfold and was persuaded to change his strategy and use the 6,000 men stationed at Rakkestad in a counterattack against the Swedes. The order to counterattack was given on the 5th of August, but the order was recalled a few hours later. The Norwegian forces therefore withdrew over the Glomma river at Langnes in Askim.[3] The last major battle of the war was fought on 9 August at the bridgehead at Langnes, where the Swedish forces once more were driven back.[4] Sweden then attempted to outflank the Norwegian line, and successfully did so during the battle of Kjølberg Bridge on the 14th of August. The Swedes then had a clear path to Kristiania, the Norwegian capital. In addition, the British blockade of Norway gradually worsened the Norwegians' situation, making food shortages common everywhere. The proximity of Swedish armies and the British blockade eventually made the Norwegians' situation unsustainable.
Although the Norwegian Army had won at Langnes, it was nevertheless clear to both the Norwegian and Swedish military authorities that a defeat was inevitable.[4] Even as they had managed to deliver several minor offensive blows to the Swedes, thus applying pressure on the Swedes to accept Norway as a sovereign nation[citation needed], it was considered impossible to try to stop the Swedes in the long run.[4] The Swedish offer of negotiations was therefore accepted as the war had put a heavy strain on the Norwegian finances. Every day of delay in securing Norway by the Swedes brought uncertainty to them regarding the outcome, so both parties were interested in a quick end to the war.
For the ordinary Norwegian soldier the war had seemed ill-prepared and ill-fought.[4] The allegations of the loss were against Christian Frederick and the Norwegian general Haxthausen; the latter was accused of treason. For the Norwegian government it probably[citation needed] had been more of a matter of getting the best possible bargaining position, as without the support of major powers Norway's independence was impossible to secure. But by agreeing to talks following the victory at Langnes they were in a situation where they could avoid an unconditional surrender.
Aftermath [ edit ]
On 7 August, Bernadotte presented a proposal for a cease-fire. The proposal included a major concession—Bernadotte, on behalf of the Swedish government, accepted the Eidsvoll constitution. In doing so, he tacitly gave up any claims that Norway would be merely a Swedish province. Negotiations started in Moss, Norway on 10 August 1814, and after a few days of hard negotiations, a cease fire agreement, called the Convention of Moss, was signed on 14 August 1814. King Christian Frederick was forced to abdicate, but Norway remained nominally independent within a personal union with Sweden, under the Swedish king. Its Constitution was upheld with only such amendments as were required to allow it to enter into the union, and the two united kingdoms retained separate institutions, except for the King and the foreign service and policy.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Footnotes
Image caption There was criticism at how little orders were being used earlier this year
The police will have greater powers to restrict the freedom of any individual they suspect of being a potential sex offender, under government proposals.
The restrictions - which could be used against a person never convicted - include limiting internet use and preventing travel abroad.
Breaching a sexual risk order could lead to a five-year jail sentence.
The government said the police will have greater powers to restrict "any person they judge to be a risk".
A second type of order, for those convicted of or cautioned about sexual offences, is also proposed.
The sexual harm prevention order - which would replace sexual offences prevention orders and foreign travel orders - would last a minimum of five years and have no maximum duration. It would apply to those convicted of sexual or violent offences either in the UK or overseas.
A sexual risk order would last a minimum of two years and also have no maximum duration. It would replace the risk of sexual harm order.
Both proposed orders have wider remits and lower risk requirements than the current measures in place.
'Very worrying'
Richard Atkinson, who chairs the criminal law committee of the Law Society, told BBC Radio 4's PM programme he was concerned about the move.
"Of course, a great deal of stigma is attached to anyone who has such an order made and if the process of obtaining these orders is less than that is needed for a conviction then that's a very worrying departure from our normal standards," he said.
The orders will be granted if a court agrees that an individual has engaged in an act of a sexual nature that could pose a sexual risk to the public.
Previous orders have been granted if a defendant meets more specific criteria.
A report commissioned by Peter Davies from the Association of Chief Police Officers and obtained by the BBC earlier this year said the use of orders was "grossly disproportionately low" compared to the total number of child sex offenders."
This was because the legal test that had to be satisfied was too high and measures "over-complicated", the report said.
The new orders were tabled in the Antisocial Behaviour, Crime and Policing Bill, which is expected to be given Royal Assent next spring.
Police and National Crime Agency (NCA) officers could apply for either type of order through a magistrates' court.
A sexual harm prevention order could also be made by a court when a person is convicted.
Individuals will be able to appeal against the orders and either the police or person subject to the order will be able to apply for it to be varied, renewed or discharged.
Policing and Criminal Justice Minister Damian Green said: "The UK has some of the toughest powers in the world to deal with sex offenders.
"Today, we are going even further by giving police and National Crime Agency officers the power to place greater restrictions on any person they judge to be a risk.
"Our proposals support the Childhood Lost campaign to tighten the law on sex offenders and make it easier for police to monitor them."
news.com.au entertainment reporter Nick Bond sat down with the Real Housewives of Sydney's, things escalated quickly.
LAST week's episode of The Real Housewives of Sydney finished with a fight so dramatic several cast members ended up wearing their cocktails.
This week opens with the calm after the storm, showing Krissy, Nicole and Athena up early for a sunrise swim at the rooftop pool of their Singapore hotel.
After the previous night's exploits, Krissy and Nicole offer to absolve Athena of her sins with an old-fashioned baptism.
That's their story, anyway — they may be trying to drown her.
Krissy‘s convinced that briefly dunking Athena in a hotel pool should be all it takes to stop her behavioural issues.
“She came out a changed person ... I saw this spirit fly up to the sky. It was dark and black and had big fangs,” she insists.
Later that day Lisa, Matty and Mel go shopping — Lisa nonchalantly buying a $19k bag at the first shop she walks into (Note: If you have enough money to so casually purchase something this expensive then GIVE ME SOME OF YOUR BLOODY MONEY) and the girls recount what she missed, having sat out the previous night's dinner.
It all kicked off when Victoria threw a napkin at Athena with such brutal force that “you could hear the BANG,” Matty says. Nothing like the sickening crack of cloth napkin on Housewife.
Lisa instantly sides with Athena in the tiff, insisting that Victoria is the common denominator in most Housewife disagreements — “And I do mean common.”
The only person Lisa hates more than Victoria is Krissy — for about the 374th time this season, she loudly announces that the married mother of three is a “slut.”
The others rankle at Lisa's use of the word.
“DON'T say that in front of me, DON'T say that about Krissy,” chides Matty — but Lisa's not finished.
“The thing that pisses me off about Krissy is she doesn't get that her loud, obnoxious, slutty behaviour embarrasses me,” she says.
What IS Lisa's obsession with another woman's sex life? Could it have anything to with her recent admission that she and husband David haven't had sex in over a year? Surely not.
The women all sit down for their first group meal after the previous night's shenanigans, and Victoria admits she's feeling slightly sheepish about her explosive fight with Athena.
“I'm annoyed at myself for letting her get to me like that. And she's got that stuuuupid hat on today … everything about her irritates me.”
The hat... it is indeed stupid:
Athena's not sure she'll ever strike up a friendship with Victoria after the last night's confrontation.
“My relationship with Victoria is dead, and the only way we can bring this dead donkey to life is to really shock some life into it,” she sighs.
We‘d assume that's a metaphor but this is Athena X we're dealing with, so there is a very real possibility she‘s hatching a plan to electrocute some livestock.
Over lunch, the topic of Lisa and Athena's social media aggression comes up — Victoria says she thought it was low of them to put up a picture captioned “Queens don't compete with hoes” a couple of weeks back, an obvious jab at their Housewife rivals.
“Are you saying I'm calling you hoes? No-one would pay you to have sex, and why would anyone pay [Krissy] when she gives it away for free?”
Cue deeply unimpressed looks from Victoria and Krissy.
Lisa then launches into another rant about Krissy's “slutty” behaviour — which, when forced to define it, amounts to the fact that Krissy is a confident woman who also has breasts (BURN THE WITCH!).
She tells Krissy that she's hated her from “day one” — largely because she's heard so many whispers that Krissy's been mocking her marriage problems behind her back.
From who? Why, from Athena, of course.
Hearing her name suddenly parachuted into the middle of this fight, Athena can't do the Simpsons collar-tug fast enough.
“When did I say that?” asks Athena.
“You've said it MULTIPLE times and if you can't own up to it, you and I can never be friends cos you've got me so f**ken angry at someone I probably shouldn't have been angry with!”
“If you have a sick mind, it's not my problem,” counters Athena, which winds Lisa up even further: “OOH you are a f**king bitch; you are a f**king bitch.”
It's an odd display: They've fought with every other person at this table, but Lisa and Athena have never turned their fury on each other. Now they're like two malfunctioning Roombas who, having bumped into every piece of furniture in the room, are trapped in a corner constantly butting into each other.
As the pair combust in a torrent of “f**k you” this and “I hate you” that, Krissy looks on with equal parts bewilderment and disdain.
Lisa admits that, so intense is her obsession with Krissy, she's spent days walking around her house practising insults to throw at her. “My nanny thinks I'm nuts because I'm having this imaginary conversation with you all the time.” Lisa, your nanny is correct.
Lisa rises from the table and offers Krissy an apology and a hug - perhaps she shouldn't have trusted all those nasty things Athena had relayed.
Wow. Is this a new Lisa Oldfield?
In a piece to camera, she reveals she's still evil at heart:
“I'm trying to win the hearts and minds of the group. I'm happy to look contrite, but I don't mean it. Fingers crossed behind my back … [Krissy] you're a F**KING. BIG. SLUT.”
HA HA HA AWESOME! Go back to pacing your house day and night muttering creepy slutshamey insults about a woman who barely gives you a second thought, you've definitely won this round Lisa!!!
After lunch, Victoria's got some Actual Normal Human Being Business to attend to: Her long-lost half-sister has flown from the UK to Singapore so they can meet for the first time.
They instantly get on, hugging and laughing as they form the beginnings of a sisterly bond. It's so wholesome you almost expect the producers to send Athena barging in to throw a drink and call everyone fat.
Victoria suggests the pair get a drink to break the ice — she's hankering for one of her beloved Skinny Bitch cocktails.
“That's what I drink!” says Lucy.
OMG VICTORIA'S DELIGHTED LITTLE FACE WHEN SHE LEARNS THIS:
Later that night, Victoria brings Lucy out to meet the rest of the Housewives, because I guess Victoria suddenly hates her sister now?
“They're all a bit crazy, they all scream and yell, and you can leave any time,” she warns Lucy.
As they welcome the nervous newbie into their tribe, Athena can't resist one jab:
“I can see the similarities in their faces, they're obviously related, and it must be unfortunate to find out that your sister is Victoria,” she says with a smirk.
Despite Victoria's plea that they all stay on their best behaviour, it's mere minutes before Athena and Lisa start to scream at each other from across the table. Lucy looks DEEPLY uncomfortable, a civilian caught in the crossfire of a nonsensical Housewives war. She does all anyone can do when Athena and Lisa have at it — desperately gulps on her cocktail while staring off into the middle distance.
“You've put poison in my ear from day one,” Lisa shrieks across the table, then, when Athena tries to defend herself: “WILL YOU SHUT THE F**K UP! You are a f**king Grade A c**t from central casting!”
Athena and Lisa both stamp off to separate corners of the bar — Athena so pulsating with rage she attempts to lift a coffee table off the ground. VERY NORMAL BEHAVIOUR.
“I HAVEN'T DONE'D ANYTHINK!” she screams at no-one in particular.
Over near the exits, Victoria and Lucy scarper for a quiet drink at another bar. Very wise, ladies.
The next day, Matty, Athena and Krissy head to a spa for a bit of pampering. Athena opts for the “Geisha facial': “I was a Geisha in another lifetime,” she tells the beauty therapist.
“I was a Japanese man, then after that lifetime I actually came back as a Geisha to be punished for what happened in the previous life as a Japanese man.” We love this ‘reincarnation as cosmic payback for previous bad behaviour' theory and, following her logic, we look forward to Athena's next life as a charity mugger with chronic halitosis.
Look, nothing much else happens during this spa session but we wanted to include it for this shot of Athena in her Hannibal Lecter beauty mask alone.
That night, the ladies regroup for one final dinner — all except Victoria, who's hanging out with her sister one-on-one — and play a little game of Truth or Dare. Krissy's asked by the others to tell a story about a former lover she'd love to revisit.
“Can we rein it down to countries? Do you want to go Italy, Greece, Lebanon?” she chuckles.
Lisa looks on in horror.
“Can you finally see what I'm talking about? Krissy's vagina is like the United Nations of vaginas. It welcomes everyone of every colour, every creed,” she says, disgust palpable.
Unlike your One Nation-founding husband, hey babes?
There's one thing that'll distract Lisa from her seething obsession with Krissy's vag: Her new Athena feud. She starts picking at that particular scab from across the table, calling Athena a “f**ken gobby cow.” Pretty soon, the screaming starts.
“You're a F**KING LIAR and I F**KING HATE YOU and you are a F**KING EVIL SUCCUBUS!” screams Lisa.
And then, literally moments later: “I love Athena, I will always love Athena.”
Then they cuddle and tell each other they love each other. WHAT IS GOING ON WITH THESE TWO, WERE THEY SNIFFING GLUE IN THEIR HOTEL ROOM.
They may have just made up, but Lisa says she's still “so hurt” by Athena's behaviour. “And usually I forget about things in about five minutes and don't hold a grudge,” insists the woman who earlier admitted she spends 90% of her home life to plotting another woman's downfall.
Next week: The ladies go to some sort of sexy pyjama swingers party and Melissa performs an acoustic set (!) to an audience of approximately eight bemused onlookers at a local fair? Plus Athena and Lisa attempt to stage an “intervention” with Victoria = disaster.
The Real Housewives of Sydney screens 8:30pm Sundays on Foxtel's Arena channel. Check back after each episode for our full recap — in the meantime, chat all things Housewives with recapper and f**king Grade-A c**t from Central Casting Nick Bond on Twitter at @bondnickbond.
