Story Highlights Anti-refugee sentiment highest in Hungary, Macedonia
Nearly half in Greece would accept a limited number
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Though the flow of Syrian refugees into Europe has slowed since 2015, hundreds of thousands of Syrians were still seeking asylum there last year. If many in Eastern Europe had their way, however, the number would be zero. In nine out of 15 Eastern European countries and areas surveyed in 2016, at least half the population believed their country should not accept any Syrian refugees.
Many in Eastern Europe Would Bar Syrian Refugees Which opinion is closest to yours? Our country … % Should accept ALL Syrian refugees % Should accept ONLY a limited number % Should NOT accept any Hungary 3 22 70 Macedonia 2 16 66 Montenegro 2 27 65 Slovakia 1 32 61 Latvia 2 33 57 Bulgaria 1 33 56 Czech Republic 2 34 56 Romania 2 35 56 Poland 2 42 50 Serbia 3 39 49 Greece 4 47 47 Albania 7 45 44 Bosnia and Herzegovina 8 35 42 Croatia 5 39 40 Kosovo 6 49 38 Gallup World Poll, 2016
Many of the countries with the strongest opposition to allowing Syrian refugees are located along the Balkan route that once channeled asylum seekers from Greece to Germany. European leaders effectively closed the route last March and signed a deal with Turkey to send migrants back if they did not apply for asylum or if their claim was rejected. All of Gallup's surveys in Eastern Europe took place after the agreement with Turkey. Per the agreement, for every Syrian migrant sent back to Turkey, one already in Turkey needs to relocate to the European Union.
Anti-refugee sentiment is highest in EU member states such as Hungary, which has erected border fences to keep migrants out and, just last month, passed new controversial laws that would confine asylum seekers to camps constructed from shipping containers. Seven in 10 Hungarians in 2016 said their country should not accept any Syrian refugees. Sentiment was similarly high (66%) in non-EU member state Macedonia, which was on the front lines of the migrant wave in 2015 and sealed its border with Greece to keep them out.
No more than 8% of residents in any country or area surveyed in 2016 said their country should accept all Syrian refugees. Residents of countries or areas with larger Muslim populations -- such as Bosnia and Herzegovina, Albania, and Kosovo -- tended to be the most open to allowing refugees from majority-Muslim Syria. Kosovo was the most open to accepting a limited number of Syrian refugees (49%).
Greeks, however, closely trailed behind Kosovo residents in believing that a limited number of Syrian refugees should be accepted (47%). This is notable because even if it is not the final destination for migrants, Greece has been an entry point to Europe for hundreds of thousands in the recent crisis. Overall, Greeks are divided on the matter, leaning slightly toward accepting all Syrian refugees (4%) or a limited number of refugees (47%), than not wanting to accept any (47%).
Religious Affiliation Shapes Views Toward Refugees
Although people assume that young adults are typically more accepting of individuals from different backgrounds, there are no differences in attitudes toward refugees by age or, for that matter, by gender or several other demographic factors. Religious affiliation actually emerges as the strongest predictor of people's attitudes toward these refugees. Overall, those identifying themselves as Muslim were the least likely to say their countries should not accept any Syrian refugees (36%). Self-identified Muslims were more likely than members of other religious groups to favor allowing a limited number of (44%) or all (8%) Syrian refugees in their countries.
Attitudes Toward Syrian Refugees Vary by Religious Affiliation Eastern Europe overall % Should accept ALL Syrian refugees % Should accept ONLY a limited number % Should NOT accept any Syrian refugees Christian 2 38 54 Islam/Muslim 8 44 36 Atheist 1 32 63 Gallup World Poll, 2016
Those who identified themselves as atheists or secular (63%) were more likely than those who identified with a particular faith to say their countries should not accept Syrian refugees. Among Christians, similar percentages of orthodox (54%), Protestant (57%) or Catholic (53%) adherents said their countries should not accept any Syrian refugees.
Bottom Line
Fewer migrants or asylum seekers have been arriving in Europe since Turkey and the EU signed their agreement more than a year ago. But as Syria's civil war continues, Syrians remain among the top three citizenships of asylum seekers in the EU; the refugee crisis is far from being declared over.
The quandary now, and likely going forward, is how to deal with the division in Europe about what to do with the refugees who are already there and those who may still come. Leaders from Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic -- where public opinion is firmly against accepting refugees -- have openly rejected the EU policy that calls for member states to take in a quota of refugees, drawing warnings from the EU's leadership. The leaders of these countries, in turn, have said the EU is trying to blackmail them into accepting refugees.
While charges like this threaten the bloc's unity, not everyone -- even in these four countries -- is opposed to the EU's current policy. More than one in three in EU member states and non-EU member states in Eastern Europe say their countries should accept a limited number of Syrian refugees, and this percentage is even higher among residents who also approve of the EU's leadership. At the same time, even among the EU leadership's support base in the region, about half also say that their countries should not allow any Syrian refugees.
The following is a press release from Bureau of Land Management Officials in Utah:
West Valley City, Utah—Increasing wildfire risk and recent fires in western Utah have prompted BLM-Utah West Desert District officials to implement fire restrictions beginning June 20, 2014, on BLM-managed lands in Tooele, Utah, Salt Lake, Rich and Box Elder Counties.
The West Desert District fire prevention order prohibits using steel-core, steel-jacketed, tracer or incendiary ammunition; sky lanterns or balloons and similar devices; and operating off-highway vehicles without spark arrestors. A key provision of this order also extends to possession of fireworks and exploding targets, which should be left at home when visiting public lands. The fire restriction on steel ammunition will be in effect through Sept. 30, 2014. All other fire restrictions will remain in effect until rescinded.
“These fire restrictions are limited to activities that easily start wildfires in dry grass and brush; however, campfires are not included at this time,” said Justin Kincaid, West Desert District Fire Management Officer.
Kincaid reminds outdoor enthusiasts to always use caution and be prepared when recreating in the West Desert during the dry summer months. He recommends keeping water, a shovel and a fire extinguisher handy.
For more details, contact the West Desert District Office at (801)977-4300 or refer to the order posted at: http://www.utahfireinfo.gov/fire_restrictions/restrictions.html. This fire prevention order will also be posted on signs where BLM lands are accessed in the five western Utah counties affected.
Location: Ben Hill Griffin Stadium – Gainesville, Florida [Capacity: 88,548]
Weather: 81°F (feels like 82°F), clear, winds E at 4 mph
Time: 7:30 p.m. EDT
TV: SEC Network (Brent Musburger, Jesse Palmer, Maria Taylor)
Streaming Video: SEC Network | Mobile Video: WatchESPN app
SiriusXM: 136/192 | Radio: Gator Radio Network [Affiliates]
Live Updates: @OnlyGators on Twitter
FLORIDA GATORS LSU TIGERS Head Coach: Will Muschamp Head Coach: Les Miles Record: 3-1 (2-1 SEC) Record: 4-2 (0-2 SEC) Conference: Southeastern Conference: Southeastern
Odds: Florida EVEN | O/U 44
KEEP UP WITH THE GATORS
Busy during the week? Miss a feature, story or post on OnlyGators.com? No worries. Catch up on what you forgot to check out via the links below!
Notebook: Will Muschamp addresses recent incidents, prep for LSU
Story: Coaches want Gators' playmakers to step it up
Story: Freshman QB Treon Harris reinstated, will not play vs. LSU
Friday Final: Coordinators discuss offensive problems, fresh faces on defense
HISTORY / STREAKS / STATS
» Florida is 31-26-3 all-time against LSU, leading the Gainesville portion of the series 15-11-3. The Tigers have won three of the last four meetings against the Gators.
» UF and LSU have been annual opponents since 1971; the teams are meeting for the 44th consecutive year.
» Florida has lost five-straight games against top 25 opponents and is now 4-13 against ranked opponents under Muschamp.
» Muschamp served as a position coach and defensive coordinator at LSU for a total of five seasons under then-Tigers head coach Nick Saban. UF strength & conditioning coach Jeff Dillman spent four seasons as an assistant in Baton Rouge.
» The Gators are 21-4 against unranked opponents under Muschamp and 12-2 against unranked SEC teams during his tenure.
» Florida has converted 15-of-16 red zone trips into points this season but have only scored nine red zone touchdowns through four games.
» UF has allowed five sacks in four games, including none against two separate opponents (Eastern Michigan, Alabama).
» The Gators are ranked fifth nationally in turnover margin (+8) and sixth in turnovers gained (15) despite playing only four games thus far this season.
» Florida has forced 15 turnovers through four games, tying for the most in a four-game stretch for the Gators since 1996.
» According to UF, Florida's run defense has been so stout that that it has only allowed 11 double-digit runs on the year, third-fewest in the nation.
» The Gators have forced more turnovers than any other SEC team this century, accounting for 381 since 2000. The Tigers are second with 371 turnovers forced.
» Florida is first nationally in interceptions returned for touchdowns (18) and interception return yards (1,941) since the start of the 2008 season. In that span, Florida is third in total interceptions with 113.
» Redshirt senior wide receiver Quinton Dunbar enters Saturday having caught a pass in 32-straight games. He is three games away from tying a school record for most consecutive contests with a reception.
INJURIES AND ABSENCES
» Active (4): Redshirt senior linebacker Michael Taylor (knee), freshman quarterback Will Grier (back), freshman wide receiver C.J. Worton (hand), freshman running back Brandon Powell (hamstring)
» Questionable (3): Junior RB Matt Jones (knee), freshman LB Daniel McMillian (head), freshman LB Matt Rolin (ACL)
» Out (4): Redshirt senior defensive tackle Leon Orr (knee), Redshirt junior WR Valdez Showers (ankle), redshirt senior tight end Jake McGee (leg – season), freshman DB J.C. Jackson (shoulder – season)
THE WORST GATOR CHOMP EVER
During the SEC Network‘s gameday show, SEC Nation, former Gators QB Tim Tebow, former Tigers DE Marcus Spears and radio host Paul Finebaum all picked the Florida-LSU game. Tebow and Spears chose their respective schools, and Finebaum decided to pick the Gators, indicating his choice with the absolute worst Gator Chomp in the history of mankind. Check it out below.
WHAT'S AT STAKE
Florida
While the Tigers may be down this season, so are the Gators (again), and Florida needs to pick up some victories as its schedule will only get tougher from here with more prolific offenses and stronger teams ahead. The Gators must find a way to generate some offense on Saturday, and they will likely rely on their running game to get things going and open up passing lanes as the game progresses. Florida's defense also must prove it has truly turned the corner last week at Tennessee after it gave up nearly 1,000 yards combined to Kentucky and Alabama in its two previous contests. Muschamp must start winning big games if he hopes to remain at UF next season, and LSU is the next in line for the embattled head coach.
LSU
Winless through two SEC games against now-ranked Mississippi State and then-ranked No. 5 Auburn, the Tigers are also hoping to get back on track. Like Florida, LSU's passing game has struggled, and it enters Saturday's game with its quarterback position in flux. The Tigers still have top 15-ranked Ole Miss, Alabama and Texas A&M – plus rising teams in Kentucky and Arkansas – to play before the season is out, so a win over the Gators on the road is on paramount importance for LSU this week.
How much code should we be striving to generate?
Joseph Jung Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 20, 2017
Redux would be impossibly annoying without IntelliJ snippets
“Boy, if I was a javascript engineer, I wouldn't write code, I'd just write generators for code all day…”
said a devops guy… My job-preservation hackles rose - “This guy has no clue how hard it is to write FE code apparently!”, I thought-screamed. But then I took a step back and wondered, how much code COULD i be generating? This stuck in my mind for months afterwards…
So I decided to research just how much code could I generate instead of write?
Here's what I came up with (and made!):
Code generation types: (according to me)
Snippet generators Sub-project generators Full-project generators
—
Snippet generators
Snippet generators, which are found in almost every IDE, are ways to insert small chunks of code. Here are some that I use at work:
Snippets are EXTREMELY useful, especially if you learn how to make and utilize them quickly. They really speed up your development time.
Sub-project generators
The next category is sub-project generators, which is a step up from snippets in that they usually take large configurations and can generate standalone sections of code to be used in an existing project.
Example I found: https://formbuilder.online/ — A JQuery form builder
There aren't a lot of standalone “sub-project” generators because most are baked into the next category…
—
Full-project Generators
These take on the responsibility of generating an ENTIRE project for you.
http://yeoman.io/ — which will actually generate an entire project, then give you component generators often, such as controllers for angular etc.
https://jasonette.com/ — a cute way to convert a JSON object into a full native app.
These are GREAT for “getting started”… but anything else starts to feel inhibiting (like JSONette).
—
My attempt to generate code: A “sub-project Selenium generator”
After doing all this research, I came to the conclusion: Only attempt code generation if it's very very repetitive or you need help getting started.
So in February, I was re-writing my Selenium code AGAIN after a bunch of new features landed on our startups dashboard. I realized that this stuff was repetitive… click on element, check it exists, blah blah…
I wrote a Chrome extension tool called Snaptest which outputs a Selenium test folder. The folder is then added to your existing test configuration/setup, and can be maintained and run in the tool much more easily.
After doing this type of code generation, I saved hours and hours of time. So the one stupid phrase: “Boy, if I was a javascript engineer, I wouldn't write code, I'd just write generators for code all day…” actually really helped!
When it comes to farming, the United States might have something to learn from developing countries.
In a study published in the journal Nature on Thursday, a number of experts compared droughts and agriculture yields internationally. Climate change is expected to bring increased severe and long-term droughts, a troubling consequence say experts, because longterm dry spells have the greatest impact on agriculture yields.
And even more troubling, the United Nations predicts a 30 percent population growth before 2050, adding about 10 billion mouths to feed. But the authors assure its not all doom and gloom. There is time to adapt.
“Our findings may help guide agricultural priorities and adaptation efforts, to better protect farming systems and the populations that depend on them,” said Navin Ramankutty, professor of global food security and sustainability at the University of British Columbia, in an interview with the Thompson Reuters Foundation.
And Professor Ramankutty calls the most notable adaptation suggestion “a big surprise:” there was a big difference in agriculture yields between developed and developing countries. Droughts in North America, Europe, and Australia cut yields by an average of 20 percent, over 12 percent in Asia and about nine percent in Africa. But in other parts of the world, drought impacts were negligible.
Take Action: Tackling the issues that most impact the environment today
Overall, there was eight to 11 percent more drought damage to crops in developed countries, as compared to developing ones.
Because of differences between large- and small-scale farming, the populations most desperate for adaptation efforts will likely live in wealthier countries, explain the authors. Experts say countries like the US could learn a thing or two from smaller subsistence farmers in Latin America and the Caribbean.
“Across the breadbaskets of North America, for example, the crops and methods of farming are very uniform across huge areas, so if a drought hits in a way that is damaging to those crops, they will all suffer,” Corey Lesk, a recent graduate of McGill University, told Reuters. “By contrast, in much of the developing world, the cropping systems are a patchwork of small fields with diverse crops. If a drought hits, some of those crops may be damaged, but others may survive.”
As the Earth's climate changes, Western farmers in Europe and North America need to start thinking differently, experts say. Specifically, farmers need to steer clear of intensively cultivated fields farmed for only one crop.
“That model works really well when the climate is stable, but it may not work so well when there is an extreme weather event,” Ramankutty told The Canadian Press. “Maybe their yields are lower but they're not as susceptible to weather shocks.”
Instead, says Ramankutty, farmers should tend smaller fields with diverse crops.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
In non-drought years, Western farmers find “the best strategy for them may be to maximize yields rather than minimize the risk of weather-related crop damage,” because they are farming for profit rather than subsistence. But in the face of increasing dry spells and growing population numbers, developed countries may have to leave industrial scale farming in the past.
This report contains material from Reuters.
Montrose District working to re-light ‘Houston Gateway'
Montrose Management District is working to re-illuminate the signature bridges that span U.S. 59 and connect Montrose-area neighborhoods with those in the Museum District. Montrose Management District is working to re-illuminate the signature bridges that span U.S. 59 and connect Montrose-area neighborhoods with those in the Museum District. Photo: Examiner File Photo Photo: Examiner File Photo Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Montrose District working to re-light ‘Houston Gateway' 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
It's been a topic of discussion in the Montrose area for years: When will the lighting be restored on the signature arched bridges that span U.S. 59?
Now, Montrose Management District is working with the city of Houston and Texas Department of Transportation to obtain a Transportation Enhancement Grant that would install a new, programmable LED lighting system on the bridges.
The grant application is expected to be submitted to Houston-Galveston Area Council later this month.
The last of the steel-tied arch bridges, considered the “Houston Gateway,” was completed in 2006 along with reconstruction of U.S. 59 from Mandell to Montrose and Spur 527 into downtown. The project took U.S. 59 from an elevated freeway to below-grade and included spans above it on Graustark and Montrose that would match the ones on Hazard, Woodhead, Dunlavy and Mandell streets.
A fiber optic lighting system illuminated the bridges at night, but one by one, the lights went out.
In the meantime, other maintenance priorities have left TxDOT without funds to restore the outdated lighting system, said Stuart Corder, the director of transportation operations for TxDOT's Houston District.
“This has been around quite awhile, this idea of getting the lights back on,” Corder said. “The arched bridges, with the aesthetic treatments, are important to people who live along the corridor.”
Last year, the management district approached TxDOT to find a way to restore the lights.
The entities reached a verbal agreement in September that gives the Montrose District authority to design and install an LED lighting system on the bridges. Under the agreement, TxDOT would commit maintenance revenues to fund the lighting of at least one bridge. All other costs, including maintenance of the lights for 10 years, would be borne by the Montrose District.
The district is applying for $700,000 in Transportation Enhancement Grant Funds to fund the project, said its executive director, Bill Calderon. The city of Houston Planning Department is reviewing the application this week, he said.
“Since the lights went out, this has been a topic of discussion in Montrose for years now,” Calderon said.
Replacing the old technology didn't make sense, though, because it was not long-lasting, he added.
“LED lighting is a much more useful technology. It's awesome, and it's very long-lasting,” he said. “That's what we've been investigating and what we intend to pursue.”
The Latest:
Garland police praise a quick-thinking officer for shooting and killing the gunmen, identified as Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi.
FBI agents have searched the apartment the two men shared in Phoenix.
The president of a Phoenix mosque said Soofi and Simpson used to attend but hadn't lately.
A news conference scheduled for 3:30 p.m. was canceled shortly after 2:30. Police say they have nothing new to report.
A quick-thinking Garland police officer shot and killed two gunmen who opened fire at a controversial art exhibit featuring cartoons depicting the prophet Muhammad, police said Monday.
Police say the two gunmen were armed with assault rifles and wearing body armor when they pulled up to the Curtis Culwell Center shortly before 7 p.m. Sunday. They began shooting almost immediately and wounded an unarmed Garland ISD security guard who was with the officer. The officer returned fire and killed the gunmen.
"Under the fire that he was put under, he did a very good job and probably saved lives," said police spokesman Joe Harn. “We had a SWAT react team in the back that very quickly responded within seconds and helped secure the scene.”
The officer's name hasn't been released. The security officer, Bruce Joiner, 58, was treated at a hospital for an ankle wound and released. He is a former Rowlett police officer.
Authorities were investigating whether the shooting was a terrorist attack.
"This is not going to be a real fast investigation,” Harn said Monday.
For hours overnight, a bomb squad investigated whether explosives might be in the car the two suspects drove up in. They found suitcases and additional ammunition, but no bombs.
The embed will not display on this device.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott said he has received a briefing about the incident from the Texas Department of Public Safety, which is working with federal authorities on the investigation. Abbott said he called Garland Mayor Douglas Athas and offered any state resources and help.
One of the gunmen killed Sunday has been identified as an Arizona man who was the subject of a jihadist terrorism investigation. A senior FBI official confirmed one shooter was Elton Simpson, 31, whose Phoenix apartment was being searched by federal agents Monday morning, according to ABC News.
The second shooter was identified as Nadir Soofi, 34, according to The Washington Post. The shooters were roommates, according to reports.
Who instigated the plan remains to be seen, The Post said, but the FBI had no reason to believe an international terror group directed the attack.
Five years ago Simpson was convicted for lying to federal agents about talking traveling to Somalia in 2009 to engage in “violent jihad.” Simpson talked about “the obligation to fight jihad overseas” in conversations the FBI taped, court records show.
The map embed will not display on this device.
In 2010, when the FBI questioned him at his home in Avondale, Ariz., Simpson had a plane ticket to travel to South Africa as well as his passport. Authorities believe Simpson was also behind Twitter messages sent shortly before the Sunday attack that included the hashtag "#texasattack."
“May Allah accept us as mujahideen [those engaged in jihad],” the tweet said.
His father, Dunston Simpson, told ABC News on Monday that his son "made a bad choice."
"We are Americans and we believe in America. What my son did reflects very badly on my family," Simpson told ABC News.
Neighbors in the Phoenix apartment complex where Soofi and Simpson lived said they never saw anything out of the ordinary from them. A woman said she had a few interactions with one of the men, who she said smoked marijuana.
Soofi was convicted of a misdemeanor marijuana possession last month, according to Arizona court records.
"I was never threatened by him. He seemed pleasant," said the woman who asked not be identified because of the nature of the investigation.
Another neighbor, Tim Rains, said one of the men helped him from his car after he had trouble breathing a year ago. "He came right up and offered to help," Rains said.
Soofi and Simpson once attended the Islamic Center of Phoenix but stopped coming recently, said Usama Shami, president of the mosque about 15 minutes north of downtown.
Shami said he met Simpson 10 years ago at a time when it was suspected that an FBI informant was a member of the mosque. Federal court documents confirm that the FBI used a confidential informant in 2006 to help build the government's case against Simpson.
Shami said the mosque doesn't encourage violence and said the men's possible radicalization would have been corrected had they stayed.
“If you look at people who have been radicalized, they haven't been radicalized in the mosque,” Shami said Monday at the mosque, which is about 15 minutes north of downtown Phoenix.
Sunday's controversial event included an art show of Muhammad caricatures, which many Muslims consider offensive. The event was hosted by Pam Geller, whose group, the American Freedom Defense Initiative, is considered an anti-Muslim organization.
The group offered a cash award for best drawing and defended the event as their freedom of expression. The organization said it spent $10,000 on extra security.
The embedded player will not display on this device.
The White House on Monday condemned the shooting but stopped short of criticizing the event.
“We have seen extremists try to use expressions that they considered to be offensive as a way to justify violence not only in this country but around the world," press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters aboard Air Force One. "In the mind of the president there is no form of expression that would justify an act of violence.”
Two prominent Muslim imams in the Dallas area on Monday denounced the violence in Garland and called on community members "not to be baited" into anger by events like the "Muhammad Art Exhibit."
“As a Muslim community we need to acknowledge hate groups and not get baited,” said Imam Zia ul-Haque Sheikh, the leader of one of North Texas' largest mosques. “They are trying to provoke the Muslims into doing something wrong.”
Imam Zia, who leads the Islamic Center of Irving, added, “The public really needs to know that we stayed away from the event and did not give it publicity.”
Police and federal authorities were still sifting through evidence on Monday outside the Culwell Center. For hours after the shooting, authorities kept the estimated 200 people there inside. They were eventually evacuated and taken to a secure location for questioning.
Their cars remained at the center on Monday, as was the vehicle belonging to the suspects. The trunk of their car was opened like a tin can after a police bomb squad used explosives to get inside.
"There were several detonations of things that we were finding," Harn said Monday. "One of the first detonations you heard was to open the trunk of the vehicle."
Jim Harman, who was inside the center, said that police kept attendees calm when the shooting began. He said security guards quickly escorted Geller from the stage.
“We knew something had happened, but we didn't hear anything and didn't see anything,” he said.
Before the shootings, Geller dismissed critics who called her American Freedom Defense Initiative an extremist organization.
“As if pursuing good in the extreme makes it a bad thing,” she said, adding that the shooting Sunday showed how “needed our event really was.”
Staff writers Claire Z. Cardona, Julie Fancher, Naomi Martin, Robert Wilonsky, Kevin Krause, Tasha Tsiaperas and Matthew Haag and the Arizona Republic and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The embedded document will not display on this device.
The document embed will not display on this device.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A British receptionist was allegedly called a “black slave” and hit by a senior official at the Qatari Embassy in London in a sustained campaign of racial bullying.
Mohamoud Ahmed, 73, was employed at the gas-rich Gulf state's embassy in Mayfair for almost 20 years and also acted as a security guard.
Somali-born Mr Ahmed, who has lived in the UK for more than 40 years and is a British citizen, claims he was referred to in Arabic as a “donkey” and a “dog” by the head of the embassy's medical department Abdullah Al-Ansari.
Mr Ahmed, from Kensington, claims unfair and wrongful dismissal, race and age discrimination at a Central London employment court. All his claims are denied by the Qatari embassy and Mr Al–Ansari.
A Qatari embassy spokesman said: “Mr Ahmed's allegations are utterly untrue.
“He was at no time ill-treated, abused or discriminated against by anyone at or representing the embassy. It is certainly not true that Mr Ahmed was discriminated against because of his colour. His son and other members of his family continue to be employed at the embassy, together with a large number of other people from a wide variety of ethnic backgrounds.”
The tribunal judge has stayed the case until later this year when a decision will be made by the Court of Appeal in test cases over whether embassies can properly claim diplomatic immunity against such actions. Fatima Benkharbouche, a cook at the Sudanese embassy, and Minah Janah, a nanny at the Libyan embassy, are due to find out later this year if they have the right to sue for alleged employee abuses.
Mr Ahmed claims he enjoyed good working relationships with five previous medical attachés at the Qatari embassy before Mr Al-Ansari's appointment and that his workload increased significantly after his arrival, when he was expected to be on call 24 hours a day and at weekends.
The father of nine claims he was subjected to verbal abuse by Mr Al-Ansari who called him demeaning names in Arabic — the worst of which, “Abd”, can be used to mean “black slave”.
In papers submitted by his lawyers, Mr Ahmed also claims he was assaulted on two occasions and now has severe pain in his left shoulder and may require surgery.
The embassy and Mr Al–Ansari say they are shocked by the claims and that they enjoyed a good working relationship with Mr Ahmed.
Mr Ahmed's lawyer, Audrey Onwukwe, of Levenes Employment solicitors, said: “I do think it wrong that people employed in a foreign embassy in this country do not have the same legal protections that other employees have.”
A spokeswoman for HM Courts and Tribunals Service said: “The hearing at a Central London Employment court is still ongoing. The jurisdictions of this case are race discrimination, unfair dismissal and age discrimination.
“I can confirm that the case has been stayed pending the outcome of a High Court case.”
Last year, NFL fans in Canada were able to watch a full slate of NFL games in the way you might expect. Simply pony up the money to your cable and satellite provider and you'd be able to get NFL Sunday Ticket and the RedZone channel. If you didn't have cable, NFL Game Pass on NFL.com provided live streaming of every game.
But yesterday, a company named DAZN (pronounced “da zone”) announced it had purchased exclusive rights to NFL games for the next five years. No more NFL Sunday Ticket on cable or satellite. No more NFL Game Pass on NFL.com in Canada. Everyone will have to go through DAZN; it will be streaming only. DAZN won't be distributing to any other platforms.
This sounds inconvenient for fans who want to switch providers, but not a huge deal. Except that DAZN is currently not available in Canada. An email sent to Canadian NFL Game Pass subscribers yesterday said that “DAZN will be live in Canada in time for the upcoming preseason.” The company says subscriptions will be available in Canada beginning July 31st.
“We know that for Canadians sport is a way of life, they are crazy about it and have had to put up with a costly experience for some time,” DAZN CEO James Rushton said in a press release. (No clue if he actually spoke these words. Let's hope so!) “DAZN is designed to put fans first, so we're confident fans in Canada will enjoy our product and proposition.”
The Toronto Star talked with DAZN, which is owned by Perform Group, about the move:
“Your average fan should think this is like Netflix,” Alex Rice, DAZN's managing director of strategic partnerships, said Thursday in a phone interview from England. “It will be available on all the major connective devices, including all the major TV manufacturers. “In very simple terms, all games will still be available on your TV, if you have a connected television … We're very big on the living room experience.”
Advertisement
CTV and TSN (and related channels) will still show every Thursday, Sunday and Monday night game — as well as a doubleheader on Sunday afternoons. But if you're a Canadian fan of a specific team and want to see all their games, you have a new service to get used to.
But there's an upside. Rushton, the CEO, was right about NFL games being costly. Per the Star, Game Pass cost $300 a year in Canada. Cable companies charged about $30 a month for a sports package that included Sunday Ticket. DAZN is $150 a year or $20 a month. Canadians just have to hope it's in service in their country before the season begins.
[Toronto Star]
David Beltrán has a solid understanding of the benefits of a college education. The 22-year-old from Queens — a journalism major at Brooklyn College — has seen too many friends drop out only to find themselves working at a fast-food counter or at a construction job. “They are getting by, but they are not very happy.”
And yet Mr. Beltrán says he probably wouldn't have gone to college full time if he hadn't received a Pell grant and financial aid from New York State to defray the costs. He has also heard too many stories about people struggling under an unbearable burden of student loans to even consider going into debt. “Honestly, I don't think I would have gone,” he said. “I couldn't have done four years.”
And that would have been the wrong decision.
His reasoning is not unusual. The rising cost of college looms like an insurmountable obstacle for many low-income Americans hoping to get a higher education. The notion of a college education becoming a financial albatross around the neck of the nation's youth is a growing meme across the culture. Some education experts now advise high school graduates from that a college education may not be such a good investment after all. “Sticker price matters a lot,” said Lawrence Katz, a professor of Harvard University. “It is a deterrent.”
College graduation rates in the United States are continuing to slip behind, according to a report published on Tuesday by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, failing to keep pace with other advanced nations.
Editor's Note: Nir Eyal is the bestselling author of Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products and blogs about the psychology of products at NirAndFar.com. Join Nir at this year's Habit Summit at Stanford on March 24th, 2015.
My taxi pulled up to the hotel. I got out my credit card and prepared to pay for the ride. The journey was pleasant enough but little did I know I was about to encounter a bit of psychological trickery designed to get me to pay more for the lift. Chances are you're paying more, too.
Digital payment systems use subtle tactics to increase tips, and while it's certainly good for hard-working service workers, it may not be so good for your wallet.
A new report by the tech research firm Software Advice discovered that digital point-of-sale terminals, like the one in my cab, increase the frequency and amount of tips left by customers. What's the secret behind how these manipulative machines get us to pony up?
The Power of Defaults
A recent Iowa State study cites a mobile payment company that effectively “nudges consumers” into tipping. Study author Kam Leung Yeung, writes, “Upon swiping their credit or debit card, consumers then need to choose among … preloaded tip amounts (e.g. 15 percent 20 percent, or 25 percent), or to enter their customized tip amount, or decide not to tip at all.” This simple interface “increased the proportion of tipping by 38 percent.”
How did tipping increase so dramatically? Clearly the service wasn't 38 percent better. Patrons didn't suddenly become more generous. Rather, the higher tipping is a result of a few intriguing design decisions by the payment processor.
For one, digital interfaces make it just as easy to tip as to not tip — a marked change from the way we used to pay in the past. When cash was king, anyone not wanting to give a tip could easily leave the money and dash. “Whoops, my bad!” However, with a digital payment system the transaction isn't complete until the buyer makes an explicit tipping choice. Clicking on the “No Tip” button is suddenly its own decision. This additional step makes all the difference to those who may have previously avoided taking care of their server.
Making sure customers don't forget to tip is certainly a good thing. But there is another subtle nudge that gets those who intend to tip to give even more than they otherwise would.
Tipping conventions say the appropriate amount to tip a taxi drive is in the range of 10 percent to 18 percent. However, making the default choices 15 percent, 20 percent or 25 percent bumps up the tip in two ways.
First, users tend to take the easiest route; they do whatever requires the least amount of physical and cognitive effort. In this case, you're less likely to customize the tip because doing so necessitates more thinking and more clicking. Picking a preloaded amount is simply easier than changing the tip amount even if you know you're overtipping.
Second, offering three choices utilizes the anchoring effect to nudge people into picking the middle tip option. The vendor knows you likely won't pick the least expensive amount — only cheapskates would do that. So even though 15 percent is squarely within the normal tipping range, by making it the first option, you're more likely to chose 20 percent. Picking the middle-of-the-road option is in-line with your self-image of not being a tightwad. Therefore you tip more.
Reducing the Pain of Paying
These systems also make it easier for customers to let go of their money. In another sense, they eliminate what Duke Professor Dan Ariely calls the pain of paying. Ariely states, “The agony of parting with our money has to do with the saliency of [seeing] this money going away.” In other words, the less real money feels, the less painful it is to spend and subsequently, we spend more of it.
The payment processors have followed in the footsteps of another industry that has effectively reduced the pain of paying — the gambling industry. Step into any casino on the Las Vegas strip and you'll notice slot machines by and large no longer take cash. To take a spin on a gambling machine today, money must first be loaded onto a loyalty card. As soon as the card is dipped into the machine, it turns into points. Why did the casinos yank the cash out of their slot machines? Simple. They know gamblers will spend more when their money doesn't feel like money.
Similarly, whereas handing over a tip with cash once meant physically feeling the money as it left your wallet, digital payments systems obfuscate the act of paying into something much less tangible. With digital payment systems, customers simply press a few buttons with their finger and the funny money is gone — just like in a casino.
Yeung, the Iowa State study author, calls for government action to protect consumers from being taken advantage of by these systems. He states “policymakers should further explore alternative payment interfaces that can balance the convenience of paying and its corresponding spending-regulatory effect.” The issue Yeung raises with these systems is that they make people pay more without realizing it.
Certainly, digital payment systems aren't all bad. For one, they improve customers' experiences by making transactions easier and faster, eliminating the antiquated card-swiping and pen-signing systems still used by most retailers today. They also give bad tippers and non-tippers an extra nudge to tip properly. Clearly, service workers deserve to be tipped, and tipped well, for a job well done.
However, for the average person just trying to do the right thing, these devices can mean hundreds if not thousands of dollars spent unintentionally. As we quickly pay while getting out of a cab, for example, most of us don't have the time or mental bandwidth to think about how the way we're paying affects how much we are paying.
During these times, our brain is operating out of habit, and we quickly act with little or no conscious thought. We remain woefully unaware of how these interfaces leverage our deeper psychology to change our behavior by design.
The vast majority of UK government IT projects are suffering delays due to freelancers quitting over the IR35 tax clampdown, according to a survey of contractors.
Of 405 IT freelancers surveyed by Contractor Calculator, 79 per cent said the projects they have been working on were delayed as a result of contractors leaving.
In April, the government shifted responsibility for compliance with the IR35 legislation from the individual contractor to the public body or recruitment agency. The Treasury says it hopes to raise £185m for 2017/18 by bringing public sector contractors within the scope of the legislation.
However, the overall number of freelancers leaving as a result of the changes is lower than previously thought, with 48 per cent jumping ship. In previous surveys more than 80 per cent had threatened to walk once the changes came into force.
Half of the contractors who decided to stay managed to find a way of working outside the IR35 changes, with a further 13 per cent working within the scope of IR35 but negotiating a rate increase. The rest seemingly took the changes on the chin.
Major consultancies have only managed to fill 15 per cent of vacancies, with more than half of exiting contractors yet to be replaced.
A number of major IT "transformation" projects are under way across the public sector, many heavily reliant on contractors.
But a recent Register analysis of the Infrastructure Projects Authority's annual report found that one-quarter of big government IT programmes are already at risk.
Some of these include HMRC's £220m tax digitisation for business plans; the Home Office's £341m Digital Services at the Border programme; and a raft of Ministry of Justice programmes, including £380m electronic monitoring.
Dave Chaplin, of Contractor Calculator, said contractors had reported problems with HMRC's digital tax programme, which is to be delayed after the Treasury Committee exposed "serious shortcomings".
He said "tonnes of people" working on the Windows upgrade in the NHS are leaving. "The Ministry of Defence has also been a particular problem because of its blanket approach to applying the IR35, something it is considering reviewing."
Earlier this year, the NHS repealed its blanket decision to shove contractors inside the IR35 tax clampdown by default.
Chaplin added: "With Brexit and other challenges right around the corner, HMRC has chosen to shoot the public sector's IT capability in both feet by sparking a contractor exodus. IT contractors are in very high demand, could not be forced into false employment, so voted with their feet."
An HMRC spokesman said: "The survey is based on an unrepresentative sample. There is no evidence of a drift from the public sector and no delays to IT projects due to the new rules. There is no change to contractor pay other than to make sure the correct tax is paid." ®
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-QaypIrP1U&feature=player_embedded]
Al Jazeera recently came to Humboldt and interviewed local law enforcement officer, Cyrus Silva. They asked “What would it take to eradicate cannabis from Humboldt County?” “An act of God,” Silva replied.
Knowing that the drug war has failed, people around the world are ready to explore legalization as an option for dealing with the normal human need for pleasure. They are watching California wondering how it will vote on Prop. 19. People from distant countries know the vote here could change laws where they live. I've personally been interviewed by media in Ireland and Australia. People there know what we do here is going to affect them. Legalization in California could remove the first brick in the wall that separates reality (huge amounts of cannabis grown and consumed every year) from the fantasy world that the state can control the personal pleasures of its citizens.
When Al Jazeera's English language show, Fault Lines, came here, they explored the issues involved and how people in California are going to vote. Among others, they interviewed Joey Burger of the Humboldt Grower's Association. He stepped forward to represent the large pro Prop. 19 contingent in the area. He believes that the “majority of growers are happy to compete in a free market.”
Hopefully, the local supervisors are working already to provide a framework that will allow our local growers to create a niche market that allows them financial success when competing against the mega factory grows in Oakland.
Because what it may take to eradicate most marijuana from Humboldt is not an act of God but a failure of our local government to create a friendly place for mom-and-pop growers to farm.
Some House Democrats have repeatedly voted to overturn regulations that were issued under President Obama, breaking with their party.
At least one Democrat has voted for 13 of the last 14 resolutions passed by the House under the Congressional Review Act (CRA), a tool that gives Republicans the power to cancel regulations issued in the final months of the Obama administration.
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans found the greatest Democratic support in their vote to roll back a rule that made it harder for people with mental illnesses to buy a gun.
Six Democrats backed that measure, which canceled a requirement that the Social Security Administration report people who receive disability benefits and have a mental health condition to the FBI's background check system.
A few Democrats also broke ranks on votes to eliminate the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council's so-called blacklisting rule, end the Interior Department's stream protection rule and cancel a Health and Human Services regulation that prevented states from withholding funds for abortion providers such as Planned Parenthood.
Rep. Daniel Lipinski (D-Ill.), a longtime opponent of abortion rights, voted against Obama's Planned Parenthood rule, saying he wanted to return funding decisions to the states.
“It's certainly not something that I support,” Lipinski told The Hill. “The states should have the ability to decide if they're going to not direct funding to organizations that provide abortions.”
Lipinski also joined the Republicans in voting to overturn a rule limiting the power of states to require drug tests for receiving federal unemployment benefits. Encouraging drug tests, Lipinski said, would both help government officials identify addicts and incentivize users to “get cleaned up.”
“I know there's a lot of disagreement over this on my side,” Lipinski said. “[But] we have a big drug-addiction problem right now, and maybe this is the way to help people get the help that they need.”
For the lawmakers who bucked their party on the votes, the political fallout will almost certainly be negligible.
That's because almost all of those rogue lawmakers are either Capitol Hill veterans, safely seated in districts where serious challenges are rare and reelection is all but assured, or they represent regions where defying their party on regulatory issues will play well with voters.
Lipinski, now in his seventh term, said he's heard no criticism from constituents over the votes but did get “the usual” grief from Democrats defending Obama's legacy.
“Obviously, out here [in Washington], both sides stick with the party,” he said.
Lipinski won reelection overwhelmingly in 2014, with 65 percent of the vote, and ran unopposed in 2016, though he could be a GOP target in 2018.
Rep. Henry Cuellar (Texas) voted affirmatively on 10 of the 14 resolutions, more than any other Democrat.
“Anybody that gets up here to vote with the party is doing a disservice to the public. I come up here to do what I think is right,” he said. “If I agree with the Democrats as a Democrat, I'll do it, but if I disagree, I will disagree.”
Cuellar said he's been voting this way for the last 12 years and doesn't fear any political fallout. Like Lipinski, he won reelection with a comfortable margin — 66 percent to 31 percent — in a district where Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE
prevailed in the presidential election in November.
“Are all the protections gone? Of course not,” he said. “The ones I feel are unnecessary, of course, I'm going to vote against. It doesn't mean that if you vote against that rule every protection for water or every protection for workers is gone.”
Rep. Collin Peterson (D-Minn.) was next in line, voting for seven of the 14 resolutions.
He supported overturning the rule prohibiting the coal industry from polluting streams near mines, the rule requiring energy companies to disclose the payments they make to foreign governments and the rule creating protections for Alaskan bears and other predators.
He also voted to remove restrictions on state drug testing for unemployment benefits and the rule barring states from withholding money for abortion providers.
“I'm 100 percent pro-life. Why wouldn't I vote that way?” he asked.
Peterson noted that he was behind efforts in the mid-1990s to pass the CRA.
“We were trying to rein in regulations back then,” he said. “We have given these agencies way more power than they should have. They have more power to legislate than we do.”
Peterson hails from a rural Minnesota district that favored President Trump by a whopping 62 percent to 31 percent — Trump's largest margin in a district where the Democrat won the House race. Given the region's conservative tilt, Peterson's votes to gut Obama-era regulations will likely prove a credit, not a liability, in the eyes of voters, who handed Peterson his 14th term by a slim margin of 53 percent to 47 percent.
Though a GOP target in 2018, Peterson said he's not at all concerned about his voting record hurting his chances for reelection.
“I've been doing this for 27 years,” he said. “It's not any surprise to my constituents.”
California Rep. Jim Costa (D) voted to repeal the stream protection rule, the rule requiring federal contractors to report past labor law violations when procuring government contracts and a pollution rule for oil and natural gas drillers.
“My view is, not withstanding good intentions, the unintended consequences of the regulations that are often promulgated have very devastating results in terms of people who have to comply with them,” he said.
“I look at this regulatory re-evaluation as an opportunity to pick and choose, from my own perspective, which make sense and which I think are an overreach.”
Like the others, Costa, who won in November with 58 percent of the vote, said he's simply doing what's best for his district.
“When you have this kind of [state-federal] overlap, I think it's incumbent upon me, as the federal representative, to take that into account,” he said.
Arizona Rep. Kyrsten Sinema, who is a GOP target in 2018, voted with five other Democrats to repeal the Obama gun rule. She also joined four other Democrats in voting to repeal both the Education Department's rule limiting federal grants for teacher preparation programs and the Labor Department rule requiring employers to keep records on workplace injuries and illnesses for five years.
Sinema is a relative newcomer in a red-leaning district near Phoenix that favored Trump. But while the third-term Arizonian has been a past target of the Republicans, her margin of victory has grown with her incumbency, and she won in November easily, 61 percent to 39 percent.
When asked about her support for the resolutions on her way out of the Capitol Thursday, Sinema said she votes for bills she agrees with and hopped in her car.
Conversely, a handful of Republicans voted against the resolutions, including Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (Fla.), who voted no on eight of the 14 resolutions.
As a mirror reflection of Peterson's race, Ros-Lehtinen found victory in a blue-leaning district that favored Clinton by 20 points — the Democratic nominee's best showing in a region where the GOP won the House. With that in mind, Ros-Lehtinen's defense of Obama's regulations will preclude potential attacks from future Democratic challengers.
Ros-Lehtinen fared better than Peterson in 2016, winning a 15th term with 55 percent of the vote, but both lawmakers will likely be high on the opposing party's target list in 2018.
“I look at the individually and how they might impact the environment, which is something my constituents and I care deeply about,” Ros-Lehtinen said.
“It's not a cookie-cutter yes or a cookie-cutter no. I look at them individually.”
The only resolution that passed without a single Democratic vote was to overturn rules that require states to develop a system to hold schools accountable under the Every Student Succeeds Act.
Many of the CRA resolutions have yet to pass the Senate. Trump has signed three of them so far.
Police called in over an apparently mentally ill homeless man who allegedly wielded a knife in front of spooked resident tried to run the man over with their vehicle before fatally shooting him. Police released video from three dash cams as well as 911 recordings related to the July incident late last month within an hour of the Sacramento Bee releasing footage taken by a witness of the shooting itself.
In one of the recordings, one of the officers is heard saying "fuck this guy" and suggesting he would try to run the man over. The second cop agrees. A little over thirty seconds later, the cops fire at the man 14 times, killing him. Police were originally called because the man, Joseph Mann, was allegedly staring at residents who were having coffee outside in a way that made them uncomfortable, as the Sacramento Bee reports. Residents say Mann then began to pretend he was typing on an imaginary keyboard and urinated his pants. Residents say they told him he had to leave. Mann responded by pulling out a knife described as a steak knife, and then residents called police. The resident who called told police Mann had a knife and also suggested he may have had a gun, saying he had seen Mann reach for something in his waistband he said "looked like a gun." Dispatchers told police Mann was armed with a knife and a gun, but a gun does not appear on the footage nor did police find one after canvassing the area.
The incident, which happened days after high profile police shootings in Baton Rouge and Minnesota and the ambush on police officers in Dallas, led members of the Sacramento city council to demand to see the footage, but the city attorney advised them to wait until the investigation was over. Police released the footage only after the Sacramento Bee released footage taken by a witness. The two cops were placed on "modified duty" after the incident.
Watch the cellphone video:
And dashcams:
A woman named Lavish Reynolds has posted a dramatic Facebook Live video showing a bleeding man, Philando Castile, next to her in a car as a police officer who just shot him points a gun at him through a car window. Philando Castile, 32, died at the hospital a short time later, WCCO confirmed through his family. “Police shot him for no apparent reason, no reason at all,” said Reynolds, who sometimes goes by the name “Diamond,” at one point.
On Thursday, Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton questioned whether Castile would have been killed if he was white, The Washington Post reports. Castile was African-American. Dayton, who is asking for a federal investigation, said:
Would this have happened if the passengers were white? I don't think it would have. All of us in Minnesota are forced to confront that this kind of racism exists.
Although Reynolds says the pair were stopped for having a broken taillight she says they didn't have, new audio has surfaced through Kare 11 TV in Minneapolis that may show police stopped Reynolds because the officer thought he looked like an armed robbery suspect due to the width of his nose.
The possible dispatch audio has an officer saying, “I'm going to stop a car. I'm going to check IDs. I have reason to pull it over.” Listen here.
“The two occupants just look like people that were involved in a robbery,” the man said to be an officer adds. “The driver looks more like one of our suspects, just ‘cause of the wide set nose,” the officer continues.
However, Castile's criminal history in Minnesota was minor, almost entirely for traffic, and with nothing at all approaching the seriousness of an armed robbery. The TV station said it received the audio from a viewer and hasn't been able to verify it with police, although the license plate mentioned matches Castile's. However, the station now says that Castile's attorney, Tom Kelly, as verified some details in it and that “They had a reasonable suspicion he may match the description of the suspect in the earlier robbery.” He also said the car had a brake light out and that Castile was not himself a robbery suspect.
Heavy has reached out to a police spokesperson and the Bureau of Criminal Apprehension for verification; KARE noted that St. Anthony police had released photos and details about a July 2 gas station robbery in the area and said the officer's lawyer confirmed that was the robbery in question. You can see photos of the gas station suspects here. BCA's spokeswoman says the agency, which is investigating the shooting, has nothing to say about the audio because the agency didn't release it; asked for the dispatch audio, she said data in the case wouldn't be released until it concluded.
The police shooting occurred in Falcon Heights, Minnesota. Falcon Heights, a suburb of St. Paul, is the home of the Minnesota State Fair and prides itself on “Families, Fields, and Fairs.” The officer was with the nearby St. Anthony Village Police Department, which provides police patrols to Falcon Heights.
A child (she was 4-years-old, said the St. Paul Pioneer Press) was in the car when the police officer, who has not been identified, shot Philando Castile. The child could be heard crying in the background as the emotional-sounding officer continues to point his gun through the car window as Castile bleeds through his white T-shirt and an upset Reynolds talks live on Facebook, imploring God to save him. Facebook Live allows people to stream live video directly from their cell phone onto their Facebook page.
Update: man shot by police in #FalconHeights died at HCMC. His mom identifies him as Philando Castile, 32 #wcco #cbs pic.twitter.com/OKxMP0VG65 — Jennifer Mayerle (@jennifermayerle) July 7, 2016
In the video, Lavish Reynolds says to Philando Castile, “Stay with me… We got pulled over for a busted taillight in the back.” She also said in the video that police asked Castile, the driver, for his license and registration and, as he reached for it, he told officers that he had a firearm and a concealed carry permit. The officer then shot him, she said (Castile had been stopped for traffic issues before; he was booked for driving after revocation in the past; the Minneapolis Star-Tribune said his record consisted of “misdemeanors and petty misdemeanors” only. NBC News reports he had 31 traffic-related misdemeanors, such as driving without a muffler and speeding.)
Philando Castile, 32, worked in a school cafeteria in St. Paul, the Star-Tribune said. A parent of a child in the school posted a tribute to him on Facebook, saying “This was a GOOD MAN” who pushed extra food on children and gave a borderline autistic child constant hugs.
In the video, Reynolds says that Castile is “licensed to carry” and was “trying to get out his ID” and “he let the officer know he had a firearm, and he was reaching for his wallet, and the officer just shot him. … He just shot his arm off.” Reynolds told the media Thursday that Castile was shot five times; authorities have not released that detail, NBC News reports. The Minneapolis Star-Tribune reports, through a source, that Castile had a permit to carry a gun from Hennipen County, Minnesota (some blog reports have used a Ramsey County sheriff's Tweet that Castile didn't apply through that county as evidence he didn't have a permit; however, the newspaper says he got it when he lived in Robbinsdale, not Ramsey County.)
Police confirmed to WCCO that the shooting originated with a traffic stop; they said a gun was recovered at the scene but released few other details. They told the Star-Tribune that two officers were at the scene, including an officer who had arrived as backup. The newspaper said the shooting occurred around 9 p.m. You can read the police press release here: Press Release Officer Involved Shooting.
A citizen video of the scene was also posted on Twitter:
Falcon Heights, MN: Cop pulled over & shot black man. Brought to hospital. Upsetting footage. Across from my apt. pic.twitter.com/fgRczvxEMK — skeletal trash lord (@skeletontrash) July 7, 2016
By the early morning hours of July 7, upset people, some with signs, had gathered at the scene of the shooting, as Castile's car was towed away, and the family gathered at the hospital, comforted by a pastor and the local NAACP president. Before sunrise on Thursday, several hundred protesters had gathered at the governor's mansion, and put police tape over the gates:
Protesters putting up police tape from shooting scene in Falcon Hgts over gates at governor's residence. @WCCO pic.twitter.com/3v7r2xKrPC — Angela Davis (@AngelaDavisWCCO) July 7, 2016
Crowd of 200 protesters chanting outside Governor 's Residence on Summit and sounding car horns @WCCO pic.twitter.com/vcp2gKvLyK — Angela Davis (@AngelaDavisWCCO) July 7, 2016
Castile's sister told the Washington Post that as of 1 a.m., the family had not been able to see him. Castile's cousin, Clarence Castile, told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that Castile died at 9:37 p.m. Wednesday night, only a few minutes after Philando arrived at Hennepin County Medical Center.
Pastors lead prayer for family, friends of Philando Castile, shot & killed by police. #WCCO #CBS pic.twitter.com/JRjWJzOTWv — Jennifer Mayerle (@jennifermayerle) July 7, 2016
Family of the shooting victim gathering outside HCMC right now. Understandably very emotional scene. #FalconHeights pic.twitter.com/MzkyL77VLe — Jay Olstad (@jayolstadtv) July 7, 2016
Reynolds recorded the video on Facebook Live while the situation was still ongoing, and the police officer could be seen with his firearm pointing at the couple through the window of their vehicle.
“I told him to get his hand out; I told him not to reach for it,” the officer says. Reynolds adds: “Oh my God, don't tell me he's dead, please don't tell me my boyfriend just went like that.”
“I told him to get his hand off!” the officer says at another point. He tells Reynolds to keep her hands where they are. Castile is heard moaning in the video, and his T-shirt is partially soaked through with blood. Reynolds was taken into custody.
“Please, officer, don't tell me he's gone; please don't tell me that you did this to him. You shot four bullets into him, sir,” Reynolds implores.
“Get the female passenger out,” an officer shouts. Officers then arrest Reynolds and tell her she is being detained while “this is all sorted out.”
“Please, Jesus, no!” she shouts at one point. “… don't let him be gone, Lord.”
Lavish Reynolds' Facebook page says she works at the Embassy Suites hotel. Her Facebook page says she is from Chicago and lives in Indianapolis, Indiana; however, the Facebook Live video says it was filmed in Falcon Heights, Minnesota. Lavish joined protesters on Thursday morning
News of the police shooting and Facebook Live video hit Twitter on July 6, just a day after the Baton Rouge police shooting death of Alton Sterling, also captured on cell phone video (but not streamed live) provoked protests and a Justice Department investigation:
Police surrounding this car on Larpenteur and Fry in #FalconHeights. Unclear why at this point. Waiting for info. pic.twitter.com/ogz0INKJ37 — bouaxiong (@bouaKARE) July 7, 2016
One of my coworkers texted to tell me about the shooting in Falcon Heights. As a Black woman, she's scared of this world. — j garcia (@jasoncomix) July 7, 2016
Man the police just shot another Blackman in falcon heights MN. His girlfriend in the car with their kid and she was recording it Live! Wtf — The Many Face God (@Del_Geezy) July 7, 2016
Police on scene of a shooting in Falcon Heights. pic.twitter.com/pbhhaLwuU4 — Ted Haller (@TedHallerFox9) July 7, 2016
Minnesota has had controversial police shootings in the past.
Read more about Philando Castile in Spanish at AhoraMismo.com:
2013 Lecture – Native American Freemasonry: Joseph Brant to the 21st Century
Dr. Joy Porter
Professor of Indigenous History, Hull University
Dr. Joy Porter is Professor of Indigenous History, and joined the Department in October 2012. Previously, she was Senior Lecturer and Associate Dean for the College of Arts & Humanities at the University of Swansea. She gained her M.A. and PhD from the University of Nottingham in 1990 and 1993 respectively. She has over 20 publications including 6 books, has organized two externally funded major international conferences and has held Visiting Professorships at the University of Paris, Diderot and at The Clinton Institute, Dublin. She has also delivered invited lectures across Europe and North America. The research underpinning her monograph Native American Freemasonry: Associationalism and Performance in America (University of Nebraska Press, 2011) was funded by a Leverhulme Research Fellowship. Other aspects of her work have benefited from a number of awards (AHRC, British Academy, British Association of Canadian Studies, Association of Canadian Studies in the U.S., Canadian Government Research Award). She is currently a member of the AHRC Peer Review College (History, Thought & Culture).
Native American Freemasonry
Freemasonry has played a significant role in the history of Native Americans since the colonial era – a role whose extent and meaning are fully explored for the first time. Her work's overarching concern is with how Masonry met specific social and personal needs, a theme developed across three significant periods of membership: the revolutionary era, the last third of the nineteenth century, and the years following the First World War. Joy Porter places Freemasonry into historical context, revealing its social and political impact as a transatlantic phenomenon at the heart of the colonizing process. She then explores its meaning for many of the key Native leaders over time, for the ethnic groups who sought to make connections with it, and for the bulk of its American membership—the white, Anglo-Saxon Protestant middle class.
Porter contends that Freemasonry offered special access to Native Americans through its performance of ritual, an assertion borne out by a wealth of contemporary manuscripts, newspapers, pamphlets, Masonic sermons, orations, and lodge records and writings by Masonic historians and antiquarians gleaned from archives in New York, Philadelphia, Oklahoma, California, and London. Through these documents, she demonstrates that over time, Freemasonry became a significant avenue for the exchange, and perhaps even cocreation, of cultural forms by Indians and non-Indians.
For a list of Dr. Joy Porter's publications, please click here.
To see the poster for this event, please click here.
Photos
Please click thumbnails to view photos.
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University Cornell University
CORNELL (US)—Researchers using NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope's Infrared Spectrograph have detected fullerenes, or buckyballs—carbon structures long thought to be likely features of the interstellar medium, but never before observed.
The finding, reported recently online in the journal Science by a team led by Jan Cami of the University of Western Ohio, could explain some puzzling chemical signatures, known as diffuse interstellar bands, that have been observed by various researchers in the interstellar medium since 1922.
It also raises the potential for the existence of other, unseen elements or chemical reactions in the region.
Jeronimo Bernard-Salas, formerly a research associate on Spitzer team at Cornell University who is now at the Institut d'Astrophysique Spatiale in Orsay, France, was the first to notice the unusual features that were later identified as fullerenes in a young planetary nebula called Tc1.
“Tc1 was putting [on] quite a show,” Bernard-Salas says. “These were not faint features, these were features that were dominating the whole spectrum.”
Fullerenes (C60 and C70), also called buckminsterfullerenes or buckyballs, are the third form of carbon after graphite and diamond. Discovered in 1985 and named for geodesic dome designer Buckminster Fuller, they are spherical and highly stable, making them well-suited to survive the harsh conditions of the interstellar medium.
Previous efforts to find them, though, have been unsuccessful.
Still, their presence in Tc1 is a surprise. During their last phases of evolution, stars experience mass ejection events in which they release large amounts of hydrogen.
But while fullerenes can exist in hydrogen-rich environments, they can only form in hydrogen-poor ones—leaving the question of why Tc1 was lacking in hydrogen at the time of their formation.
“It could be that we have caught this planetary nebula at a very specific time in terms of conditions,” Bernard-Salas says. “In a few hundred years from now—a short time in astrophysical scales—the fullerenes could cool down enough to be no longer visible in the infrared.”
So while the discovery is a milestone, it raises as many new questions as it answers, he adds. “The ball game has just started.”
More news from Cornell: www.news.cornell.edu/
Neuroscientist Brice Kuhl recently told me something astounding. “We can take someone's memory — which is typically something internal and private — and we can pull it out from their brains,” said Kuhl, who's at the University of Oregon.
That sounds a lot like … mind reading. So I had to ask: Can you read minds?
“Some people use different definitions of mind reading, but certainly, that's getting close,” he said.
Kuhl and his colleague Hongmi Lee recently published a paper in The Journal of Neuroscience with a conclusion straight out of science fiction: Using an MRI, some machine learning software, and a few hapless human guinea pigs, Kuhl and Lee created images directly from memories.
Pretty damn close to mind reading.
Here's how something close to mind reading works
First, Kuhl and Lee loaded participants ( a total of 23) into an MRI. The magnets of the MRI can detect subtle changes in blood flow. And in the brain, blood flow equals neurological activity.
Once the machine was on, the participants began to see images of hundreds of faces.
The first phase of the test is a training exercise. Not for the participant, but for an artificial intelligence program that's hooked up to the MRI, reading the data in real time.
That AI program gets two sets of information. One is the patterns of brain activity from the participants. The other is a mathematical description of each face the participant is viewing. (Kuhl and Lee came up with 300 numbers for different physical aspects of a face — like skin color or emotional expression. Each photo was then assigned a code to describe its attributes.)
What the AI program does is try to make connections: How well do those bursts of brain activity correlate with those numbers?
As the AI program accrues this information, it grows smarter, or at least better at matching brain activity to faces.
The second phase of the test is where things get weird.
The participants, who are still in the MRI, are shown photos of brand-new faces. The computer program can't see these faces. But it can make some guesses.
Here are some examples. The top row are the original faces. The second two rows are guesses based on the activity in two different regions of the brain. The ANG is the angular gyrus, which is activated when we remember something vividly. The OTC is the occipitotemporal cortex, which responds to visual inputs.
I know what you're thinking: These guesses are horrible!
Yes, they won't be used for drafting sketches anytime soon.
But even these blurry pictures contain some useful information.
Kuhl and Lee showed these reconstructed images to a separate group of online survey respondents and asked simple questions like, “Is this male or female?” “Is this person happy or sad?” and “Is their skin color light or dark?” To a degree greater than chance, the responses checked out. These basic details of the faces can be gleaned from mind reading.
Scientists have actually done this type of mind reading before. (One cool example: In the past, they used a technique to reconstruct basic details of movie clips from brain activity.)
Okay, but could the program reconstruct a face purely from a memory?
In another trial, Kuhl and Lee showed participants two faces. They then asked them to hold one of the faces in their memories. The faces then were taken offscreen. While the participants were holding onto their thoughts, the MRI scanned their brains. And then the computer tried to recreate their thoughts in a photo.
The computer's guesses got worse. Much worse.
But it didn't fail completely. “We compare the reconstruction to the two images, and we ask [the computer] just in terms of pixel values, does the reconstructed image look more similar to the one they were told to remember than the other one?” Kuhl explains. Around 54 percent of the time, the computer said it was closer to the target. It's not a total breakthrough, but it's an intriguing start that needs more work and more participants.
But what's the point? Why design a mind-reading program?
The end goal of the science is not mind reading. It's to better understand how the brain works.
Typically, neuroscientists use brain scans to observe which structures of the brain “light up” when engaged in a particular mental task. But there's only so much information to glean from scans alone. The fact that a part of the brain is active doesn't tell researchers too much about what task it's specifically doing.
The regions Kuhl and Lee targeted in the MRI have been long known to be related to vivid memories. “Is that region representing details of what you saw — or just [lighting up] because you were just confident in the memory?” he says.
Kuhl and Lee's results are evidence it's the former. The AI was able to make the connection between the faces and brain activity. If the brain regions weren't involved in visual details, it couldn't have made those connections.
A few more burning questions about mind reading
That's cool and all. But I was still stuck on the wildness of the mind-reading aspect of the experiment: How much better can the machine get at reconstructing faces? Could we ever reconstruct a face perfectly?
“I don't want to put a cap on it,” Kuhl told me. “We can do better.”
The reason is simple: It's a pure computer processing problem. If only the participants could spend more time in the MRI training the AI, the AI would grow “smarter,” and the reconstructed images would become more recognizable.
“We'd really like to have someone in the scanner and see 10,000, 20,000 faces,” he says. “You'd have to be in there for a couple of days.” So that's not entirely feasible, or ethical. It's difficult to bring the same subjects back for additional sessions. One, it's very expensive to operate an MRI machine. And two, it's very difficult to angle a participant's head in the exact same position as a previous trial. Prediction works best when the testing is done in one very long session. (Kuhl himself said he wouldn't volunteer for such a long trial.)
Is it in the realm of possibility to read a person's mind without their permission?
“You need someone to play ball,” he said. “You can't extract someone's memory if they are not remembering it, and people most of the time are in control of their memories.”
Oh, well.
What about this: Could you use this technique to see what someone is dreaming about?
“One fMRI paper did try to decode the content of dreams,” Kuhl said. “It could decode — with whatever percent accuracy — that somebody was dreaming about a family member or something like that.” (That paper wasn't reconstructing faces but was broadly predicting what categories of objects and people the participants were dreaming about.)
Whoa. This is all so cool.
“The stuff we're doing now, if you asked people 20 years ago when fMRI was just getting going, if you asked them about this kind of stuff, they would have thought it was crazy,” he said.
Indeed.
FC Barcelona went in the Vicente Calderon on Wednesday night to try and eliminate Atletico Madrid—not an easy task to say the least.
And in less than a minute, FC Barcelona was punched in the mouth, as Fernando Torres scored even faster than he did at the Santiago Bernabeu against Real Madrid.
Fernando Torres scored 38 seconds into the match against Barcelona. HE BACK! http://t.co/eHrXqByDTj https://t.co/NrtuX3ohlh — SB Nation Soccer (@SBNationSoccer) January 28, 2015
But Barça persevered, and was able to come back and defeat Atletico Madrid 3-2 at the Vicente Calderon on Wednesday night.
As mentioned, Torres got the scoring started in less than a minute. But Neymar leveled it in the ninth minute, as Lionel Messi found Luis Suarez who lastly found Neymar for the equalizer and the all-important away goal.
Like any game at el Calderon, it was a psychical game that saw controversial calls. We saw a terrible call against Javier Mascherano to give Atleti a penalty, converted by Raul Garcia to make it 2-1 (2-2 on agg.). A Miranda own goal brought Barcelona back to 2-2 (2-3 agg.). We saw Jordi Alba get hit/run into the linesman's flag, which was one funny moment in the game. Lastly in the first half, a tremendous play by Barça set up the third goal. Messi found a speeding Jordi Alba who somehow was able to get it to Neymar and the Brazilian prince had the easy goal. Magic from D10S, Jordi "The Flying Squirrel" Alba and Prince Neymar.
Jordi Alba to Neymar, the last one scoring after a great first touch. Barcelona are leading 2-3. https://t.co/FSfL1EqfXN — 433LIVE (@433LIVE) January 28, 2015
In the second half, there were no goals, but there were more Atletico antics. Gabi was sent off during halftime. After the game, Gabi said, "My words were, 'Jesus, it was a penalty (Jordi Alba handball inside the box) and send off' and he told me 'you're out'." Down to 10 men and needing 3 goals to advance, Diego Simeone decided subbed out offensive threat Antoine Griezmann, essentially waving the white flag. Mario Suarez was sent off after receiving his second yellow card. But perhaps the strangest most intense moment of the second half came when Arda Turan threw his boot and didn't get sent off !
Here's Arda Turan throwing the boot at the linesman: http://t.co/h3OdFA5Biy — Rafael Hernández (@RafaelH117) January 28, 2015
Needless to say, Twitter had fun with Arda's bizarre moment.
Picture: young Arda Turan and Arda Turan currently. Amazing transformation. pic.twitter.com/Z6DXHjuPvw — Fatima Yasin (@fatimayasiin) January 28, 2015
Terrible refs...as usual
The officiating was terrible, as usual in La Liga. I guess we shouldn't complain about the refs since they are at least consistent in being terrible. I'm never surprised to hear that a referee is favoring a Madrid team. One play that caused a goal for Barcelona was when Neymar was called offside when he was in fact onside.
Another play that caused a stir was the play that saw the ball hit Jordi Alba in the left forearm. Just 11 seconds later, Alba was making the cross to Neymar for the goal that essentially ended the game.
I guess I shouldn't say all calls favorite Madrid team.
@lucasammr Who needs a driving license when you are Jordi Alba... pic.twitter.com/e603bjJpyz — Moe (@MShubair95) January 28, 2015
This FC Barcelona win reminded those who may have forgotten that this team is more than capable of playing counterattacking football. Barça's system is not tailor-made for the counter, but when it happens, look out! Neymar, Messi and Suarez are all skilled to play counterattacking football not just because of the goal-scoring abilities, but because each one is obviously special at the passing and crossing game. Wednesday night's standout player was clearly Neymar, with his speed that beat Atleti once again. But let's remember to praise Messi for his playmaking on both of Neymar's goals. Messi didn't get the assist in either goal, but it was his brilliance that set up both Suarez and Alba who then assisted Neymar for the goals.
Neymar: hated on by Atleti fans
Since we're on the topic of Neymar, let me just say that I find it extremely humorous how the Atleti fans despise the Brazilian. Ney is constantly getting booed, and for plenty of reasons. It was Neymar that scored the away goal that led to Barça winning last season's Spanish SuperCup. Neymar also scored Barça's lone goal in last season's Champions League quarterfinal matchup. Juanfran even put up seven fingers toward Neymar, referencing to Brazil's 7-1 defeat at the hands of Germany in the 2014 FIFA World Cup semifinals (a game Neymar didn't even play in). Neymar has been a stone in Atleti's shoe, and the Colchonero fans can't stand him. Neymar will continue to upset and make Atleti fans for many years to come.
As I said on Twitter: Atleti players love to kick Leo Messi, while Atleti fans love to boo Neymar.
Haters gonna hate.
Lucho turning the corner?
FC Barcelona's win and elimination of Atletico de Madrid is the most important win of Luis Enrique's tenure as manager. As much as I have criticized Lucho, I must say he is getting it right as far as the lineup since the disaster against Real Sociedad. Now, let's not go too far and think somehow think Lucho is saving his job with his team's recent winning streak. A new club president will be elected in June and will bring in his own manager. That is for the future, but for the now, Lucho and the players are on a roll. This win was, for the most part, a solid team win, Gerard Pique continues his resurgence, the defense was solid—despite Mascherano's lone mistake on Torres and a bad PK call—and the offense counterattacked excellent. Lastly, Marc-Andre ter Stegen made the saves when needed. The midfield is still not up to Barça standard, but fortunately for Lucho, it wasn't needed on this night. Let's hope that Lucho works on the midfield, as the mids need to wake up and click, because they will be needed in big games (Champions League, second Clásico).
After the game, Luis Enrique praised his team for staying calm and focused in a hostile environment. "I liked everything about my team. Starting with how they reacted to a strange situation at the start."
Lucho is right. His team stayed calm and fought back. It wasn't a typical Barcelona win as far as style, but no one can complain with a win against a tough Atleti team on the road. Lucho has this team rolling for now. Let's give him some credit, and hope this team success grows. I'm not going to say Barcelona has enough to overtake their own weaknesses and their opponents' strengths to win the Champions League, but this team is playing its best football of the season these past few weeks, and these wins against Atleti must be acknowledged and given proper praise. I know expectations are always high at Barcelona, but this season—and with a new club president coming in June along with a new manager—let's just play it by ear and see where this season goes.
In 17 days pic.twitter.com/E4Sl8UUvgf — ADIL ✌ عادل (@Barzaboy) January 29, 2015
Xoel's Final Word
It was a tough, physical game—as all games at the Vicente Calderon are—and FC Barcelona stayed calm, did their job, and left Madrid with a 3-2 wins, 4-2 on aggregate, to advance to the Copa del Rey semifinals.
With both Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid out of the Copa, the road to the Copa title is as easy as it may ever get for Barça. Focus is always needed and upsets can happen at any time, but it's safe to say that Barcelona is the clear favorite to lift the King's Cup trophy.
All Culés should enjoy this hard fought and much deserved win by their club. Gràcies Barça!
Força Barça!
Xoel
Follow @XoelCardenas
The Story – Captain America Vol. 1 #100 – 454 + Annuals (1968-1996)
Captain America Vol. 1 #100 – 454 + Annuals (1968-1996) : Continued from Tales of Suspense issue 99. Tales of Suspense was one of several horror-like anthologies that Marvel was publishing in the early 1960's, but just like its counterpart Tales To Astonish, after nearly one hundred issues the series changed its name, after it already went a completely new route featuring characters such as Iron Man and Captain America instead of horror stories. So it was that in 1968, the series became Captain America Volume 1 with its hundredth issue. Captain America ran on for three more decades much like its Incredible Hulk counterpart. The series concluded with issue 454, when the series was relaunched as Captain America vol. 2. After issue number 50 of Captain America vol. 5, that series returned to its original numbering started here in Volume 1, celebrating it's 600th issue.
This is the first solo Captain America series published by Marvel Comics, the previous series, Captain America Comics, had been published by Marvel's predecessors Atlas and Timely respectively.
Update :
– July 29th, 2018 – Replace most of the links with better quality/digital files
– All the links contain both individual and folder link, so that you can download it based on your preferences.
– To grab all files at once, grab the main folder link and paste it on JDownloader2
– The old links/scan are still listed on the lower part of the post
Related Collection :
Free Marvel Comic Download
Captain America Vol. 1 #100 – 454 + Annuals (1968-1996)
Language : English | Year : 1968-1996 | Size : 14.1 GB
Captain America #100 – 200 (1968-1976) (3.7 GB) :
Userscloud | Mega | Mediafire | Zippyshare
Captain America #201 – 300 (1976-1985) (3.5 GB) :
Userscloud | Mega | Mediafire | Zippyshare
Captain America #301 – 400 (1985-1992) (4.1 GB) :
Userscloud | Mega | Mediafire | Zippyshare
Captain America #401 – 454 (1992-1996) (2.3 GB) :
Userscloud | Mega | Mediafire | Zippyshare
Captain America Annual #1 – 13 (1971-1994) (520 MB) :
Userscloud | Mega | Mediafire | Zippyshare
OLD LINKS
Captain America Vol. 1 #100 – 454 + Annuals (1968-1996)
Language : English | Year : 1968-1996 | Size : 4.6 GB
Screenshots :
Notes :
San Paulo, February 24, Interfax - Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia has told about the secrecy that surrounded preparations for his meeting with the Pope, and explained why such measures were taken.
“No one was talking me out of it [from meeting with the Pope] because no one knew. Five people knew about this meeting – I am not going to tell their name them. Why was that? Because it is impossible to prepare such a meeting openly: too many opponents,” the patriarch told Russian journalists at the Brazilian city of San Paulo at the end of his Latin America tour.
The problem was not even the Orthodox people who think “there is some danger in the meeting per se,” he said.
“There are powerful forces that did not really want it, so we needed to prepare it calmly and quietly, which we did,” the primate said.
The declaration that the two church leaders signed is the fruit of collective work, he said. “We finished writing the declaration a few hours before the meeting, which is proved by the text being not very well printed. We kept editing the text until the very last moment, together. This is a product of creative work by the two Churches,” the patriarch said.
“We have a high level of consensus in assessing what is happening today to the human family, in the world of politics. There is shared understanding of what a Christian's position must be in the face of all these menacing challenges,” he said.
It was quite expected that his meeting with Pope Francis raised some fears among the devout as to “whether this is going to deform the doctrine somehow, whether there will be some changes in liturgical life, in pastoral approaches,” the patriarch said, adding that at the meeting they did not discuss a single theological issue, and so there is “nothing to be afraid of.”
The division between the Orthodox and Catholic Churches, which has existed since the eleventh century, cannot be overcome with agreements between their leaders and hierarchs, the Christians separated “in response to our sinfulness” and “it will be a God's miracle if we ever live to see this happen [the reunification of the Churches],” Patriarch Kirill said.
I vaguely recall hearing about this abortive project shortly before Doctor Who returned in 2005, but never knew that the pilot had ever made it past the executive boardroom. Filmed at around the same time, it's a tiny snapshot of what Paul McGann might have looked like as The Doctor, had the BBC decided to bring him back rather than starting off fresh with Christopher Eccleston.
Fables of Forgotten Things was pitched as a melancholy Autumnal family drama, in the same vein as Box of Delights, The Phoenix and the Carpet, Chocky, and yes... Doctor Who. The plan was to produce a series of 6 x 25-minute episodes, and while the BBC eventually passed on the idea, the project was quickly picked up by an independent company called Zenith Entertainment, who unfortunately went into receivership shortly thereafter, tying up both the show and the previously filmed pilot in legal red tape for several years, until it eventually reverted back to the creators in 2008.
The 15 minute pilot was shot for practically nothing, and so moodily lit, that it's often hard to see the actors at all. The plot is somewhat jumbled, and would have likely been framed more clearly had it gone to full series, but seems to involve The Doctor Clarance as a custodian of forgotten memories, responsible for leaving those little items— a shoe, a penny, a faded photograph, in just the right place to make people remember again. Quite why this involves hiding under people's beds with a box full of spiders or hanging out with a young runaway is never explained, but it's eccentric and British, and that's what counts.
In some ways, the disjointed nature of the storytelling, and the way the baddie just sort of pops up and is a very Doctor Who style baddie, reminds me of the old ultra-low budget Colin Baker BBV videos circulated in the early 90's when a certain popular show about a mysterious time traveler and his female companion was off the air, but the BBC were still highly protective of their IP rights. (Although thankfully not filmed in a gravel quarry, and with significantly better acting all around.)
EDIT: Here's a link to a much better print on Vimeo:
Advertisement
Or, if you prefer Youtube (part 1):
...and part 2:
Also, I love that McGann is essentially wearing the 10th Doctor's outfit throughout this entire thing. Considering that this video has been around for a while, I'm a bit surprised that no enterprising fans with a copy of Final Cut Pro have inserted a sonic screwdriver and a few shots of the TARDIS in the background. Cut out a few lines here and there, and you've very nearly got yourself a (somewhat confusing) pre-Time War minisode.
The Red Dot Invitational will be played out online rather than offline, OGamingTV has announced.
The semi-finals and the grand final of the tournament were due to be held at the prestigious Olympia music hall, in Paris, on January 12, but poor ticket sales have forced OGamingTV to cancel the reservation of the venue.
The French web TV stated that the attacks in Paris on the night of November 13 "had a deep impact on the parisian entertainment industry, especially for venues, thus generating a massive loss of attendance at the French cultural sites, show rooms and concerts."
ex-TSM will face Titan in the semi-finals
Full refunds will be available to ticket holders, and those who had already made travel and accomodation arrangements are urged to contact OGamingTV for compensation.
EnVyUs, dignitas, questionmark and Titan are the teams still in contention in the $50,000 tournament, which will now be played out on January 11. The matches will be cast by OGamingTV live from its studios.
Below are the semi-final matchups for the tournament:
Illinois lawmakers may have approved a fix for the state's pension crisis. But Chicago is still facing a massive spike in required pension payments to help bring its own funds up to speed.
The city's four pension systems — for police, firefighters, laborers and municipal workers — were short by a whopping $19.5 billion at the end of 2012. That does not include the ailing pension fund for Chicago teachers, which has its own $8 billion shortfall at the end of the last fiscal year.
Increased benefits for city workers, early retirement offers and market downturns put pressure on the city's four pension funds in the late 1990s and early 2000s. But pension experts, labor leaders and politicians also point to a more fundamental problem — a quirk of state law that experts say may have set the system up to fail.
Retired Chicago firefighters George Beary, 70, says he wasn't making a lot of money when he started at the fire department back in 1967. But he still remembers the words of consolation he got from one of his officers in the fire academy.
“When we got on the fire department, we were taken care of from the time we walked through those big red doors, to the time they haul your ass outta church to go in the ground,” Beary recalled. “You're covered. Exact words.”
But for Beary, they don't ring as true today.
Stay up-to-date with the latest news, stories and insider events. Please enter a valid email address Oops, something went wrong! Sign Up Try Again You've signed up to receive emails. Please check your email for a welcome confirmation.
He and a group of fire department retirees - they call themselves “oldtimers” - sipped coffee and munched on donuts one recent morning at the Chicago Firefighters Local 2 Union hall, on the city's South Side.
Altogether, Chicago's four pension accounts were just 36 percent funded at the end of 2012. But the one for firefighters and paramedics is the worse off by far.
For every dollar it owes in benefits, it has just a quarter in the bank.
“See the gray hair? That comes from worry," said retired Capt. Peter Qualizza.
He's one of roughly 4,100 beneficiaries in the firefighters' pension fund which some experts project could go broke in less than a decade.
“So everyone here has gray hair,” Qualizza said, drawing laughs from the other retirees sitting around a long conference table. “Some of ‘em color it, some of ‘em don't, okay? But everyone of us has gray hair because we're concerned about the future.”
Chicago's unrealistic pension math
The roots of Chicago's pension troubles go back decades, long before Qualizza and the other oldtimers starting going gray.
At issue is the so-called “multiplier” equation by which City Hall calculates how much money to chip into its pension piggy banks each year. It may sound complex, but the math is simple: City Hall bean-counters take the amount that workers in each fund paid into their pensions from two years prior, then they multiply that by a number that's set in state law.
As a matter of state law, Chicago's pension math is set by Springfield legislators. But the unique multiplier number for each of the four funds hasn't increased since 1982.
“This is really one-of-a-kind in my experience,” said actuary Jeremy Gold, who studies public pensions all over the country. “There are no other public pension plans that I am aware of...that pays the way Chicago pays.”
Gold says the fundamental problem is this multiplier doesn't change with the times. That means the money going into each fund stays relatively flat, regardless of whether retirees get richer benefits, stock markets crash or the system is burdened by thousands of early retirements, as it was under former Mayor Richard Daley in 1998 and 2004. (Daley declined WBEZ's interview request.)
The relatively static funding level is akin to offering to pay your grocer the 1982 price for a gallon of milk.
A 2010 report commissioned by Daley found this inadequate funding was the main reason Chicago's police and fire pension funds have taken a such dive in the 2000s. The report blamed benefit increases for the dire condition of the laborers' and municipal workers' funds, though the inadequate funding has made it harder for them to recover.
“At this point, after having been in place for 30 years, it no longer bears any relationship to the realistic cost of providing these benefits,” Gold said.
Pension problems that go back decades
In fact, the problem is much older than that.
In his downtown office, fire pension fund secretary Tony Martin flips through a massive, shopworn book containing notes from pension board meetings going back more than a century, from 1887 to Dec. 18, 1931.
Martin finally lands on a yellowed, typewritten letter the firefighter's pension board sent to state lawmakers on Wednesday, May 4, 1927.
The letter's author is complaining about the way Chicago funds its pensions - about a system that's awfully similar to today's multiplier - and the board is asking state lawmakers for relief.
“It's amazing!” Martin said. “We never really dealt with the structural issues of these pension funds.”
Martin says the stock market boom of the late 1990s only masked those structural issues - especially for police and fire pensions. But he says the chronic underfunding means investment losses hit them even harder during the Dot-com bust and the 2008 recession.
Now, the pensions are forced to sell off the very assets they're supposed to be investing.
“Basically what's happening is the money that's coming in from firemen today and the money that's coming in from the city today, is going out the door today,” Martin said. “We're not saving for tomorrow.”
The rate at which the city's pension funds are cashing out investments has more than tripled since the year 2000, according to a WBEZ analysis. Last year, the four funds liquidated more than $1 billion.
The more the funds liquidate, the less money they can make on investments, which could lead to even more liquidation in order to have enough money to pay out to retirees. Pension experts say this is a dangerous cycle - kind of like eating yourself to avoid going hungry.
This whole situation makes Tony Martin angry - and he says it should make taxpayers angry, too.
“They should be outraged that we're even in this situation,” Martin said. “It should have never gotten to this point. And who is to blame?”
Blame everybody
The structural funding problem with Chicago's four pension systems is not entirely responsible for the current crisis, experts and observers say, but it left the funds ill-equipped to deal with the market downturns of the early 2000s.
And political deals between City Hall and labor unions burdened the system even more.
“If you're looking for who to blame, it's everybody,” said Dana Levenson, who served as Chicago's Chief Financial Officer from 2004 through 2007.
Levenson says even Daley's partly responsible, when he agreed to benefit increases and early retirement offers in order to ease budget pressures on City Hall. Levenson says it would have been hard to justify short-term pain, such as property tax hikes or layoffs, because the problem hadn't yet reached the crisis point.
“By nature, we are all crisis managers,” Levenson said. “We don't necessarily want to do anything that is going to solve a potential crisis when that potential crisis is way off in the distance.”
After all, the pension funds for city laborers and white-collar workers started the new millenium in pretty good shape. They had so much money the city stopped paying into the laborer's pension fund, and cut back payments to the municipal fund.
In hindsight, this was a bad idea, said Henry Bayer, who heads up the American Federation of State, County and Municipal employees, a union representing about 3,500 city workers.
“You know, if this were going on in the private sector, there'd be employer's going to jail,” Bayer said.
But along with those cutbacks in funding in 1998 came benefit increases - increases the union fought for, even though they heaped more future debt onto the pension funds.
Although he wasn't directly involved in the negotiations, Bayer defended the deal.
“These folks getting these pensions have no social security,” Bayer said. “We're a world-class city, and we can't afford a pension system for people that served the public?...I don't accept that.”
Finally, in 2010, Illinois lawmakers tried to rectify these decades of underfunding by forcing City Hall to dump more money into the police and fire funds - about $590 million more in 2015 - a payment Mayor Rahm Emanuel says Chicago simply can't afford.
“Should Springfield fail to pass pension reform for Chicago, we will be right back here in the council early next year to start work on the city's 2015 budget -- a budget that will either double city property taxes or eliminate the vital services people rely on,” Emanuel told aldermen during this year's budget speech.
Emanuel says Chicago needs a break from its state-mandated spike in pension payments. He says there is no Plan B.
And exactly what Plan A looks like is still unclear.
Alex Keefe is a political reporter at WBEZ. You can follow him on Twitter and Google+.
Countless pages have documented his unmatched dominance, innumerable words have been penned; but for Jamaican sprinting icon Usain Bolt, the latest publication to celebrate his journey and successes holds a special significance.
Usain Bolt: Legend, a publication by the Editorial Department of the Gleaner Company (Media) Limited, promises an intimate and insightful presentation into the athlete's life and career, as a celebratory keepsake for fans around the globe.
With Bolt himself writing and presenting a personal message to his fans in the 200-page offering, Usain Bolt: Legend relives the sprinter's experiences and development from his days as a youngster in Jamaica's deep interior, to a global symbol of sporting excellence.
More than 200 images - including rare and never-before-seen photographs of Bolt in several settings can be found in the book, which also features text from leading writers on a range of topics which touch on Bolt and his family, his influence, his future and his interactions with fans, among other facets of his life and experiences.
As he flipped through the pages of his own personal leather-bound copy, Bolt was a picture of pride as he looked back on some of the images that, in essence, painted his legacy throughout his medal-laden career.
"It's always great when a book is being published about you. All the pictures bring back so many memories in so many different ways," Bolt said.
"The media has not always been kind to me, but for The Gleaner to do this, is wonderful. Seeing a lot of pictures from back in the days of myself, brings back a lot of good memories and it's good to know that people track your career through the good and the bad to the point where it's time to retire. It's wonderful and I really want to thank them for that," Bolt said with a smile.
"It's a great feeling and it's always great to keep memories of yourself and what you have done throughout your career. This book really captures every single aspect of my career; from my family, the fans, kids, everything so this is really wonderful."
Another highlight of the book is the addition of close to 100 of the athlete's own favourite quotes in what he hopes will serve as an inspiration for readers all over.
"It's always good to do different things in different ways. I like to put my quote out there so people can understand what I have been through and try to inspire the younger generation to be better, not only in track and field but in life in general; being focused and determined to get to their goals," Bolt shared.
CLICK HERE TO EXPLORE THE LEGEND
The sprinter - an eight-time Olympic champion and 11-time World Championship gold medal winner - will pull the brakes on an extraordinary career at this Summer's World Championships in London.
He will compete for the final time on Jamaican soil at tomorrow's JN Racers Grand Prix inside the National Stadium, with a number of the world's top stars, including Mo Farah, David Rudisha and Wayde van Niekerk, also set to share in the moment with him.
andre.lowe@gleanerjm.com
Members of the public can now preorder copies of Usain Bolt: Legend through Ian Randle Publishers (sales@ianrandlepublishers.com) and The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited (library@gleanerjm.com).
To explore the legend, visit: jamaica-gleaner.com/ublegend
Pupil dilations of the eye are known to correspond to central cognitive processes. However, the relationship between pupil size and individual differences in cognitive ability is not as well studied. A peculiar finding that has cropped up in this research is that those high on cognitive ability have a larger pupil size, even during a passive baseline condition. Yet these findings were incidental and lacked a clear explanation. Therefore, in the present series of studies we systematically investigated whether pupil size during a passive baseline is associated with individual differences in working memory capacity and fluid intelligence. Across three studies we consistently found that baseline pupil size is, in fact, related to cognitive ability. We showed that this relationship could not be explained by differences in mental effort, and that the effect of working memory capacity and fluid intelligence on pupil size persisted even after 23 sessions and taking into account the effect of novelty or familiarity with the environment. We also accounted for potential confounding variables such as; age, ethnicity, and drug substances. Lastly, we found that it is fluid intelligence, more so than working memory capacity, which is related to baseline pupil size. In order to provide an explanation and suggestions for future research, we also consider our findings in the context of the underlying neural mechanisms involved.
2017 Top 30 Habs Prospects: #8 Josh Brook
After a steady rise throughout the season, Josh Brook enters the prospect pool as one of the organization's most promising rearguards.
Brook has been on the radar for years. After being the fourth pick in the 2014 WHL Bantam Draft, he was named the SMHL's (Minor Midget) Top Defender. He had a quiet, but effective rookie season in the WHL, and then became a legitimate top pairing guy in this past season, his draft year.
Brook was fifth among first-time draft eligible blue liners in P1/GP with 0.35 and second in 5v5 P1/GP with 0.22. All of Brook's production statistics were comfortably among the best in the WHL, and comfortably top-pairing level. Just 13 of his 40 points coming on the man-advantage. All-in-all, these are encouraging numbers.
While Brook isn't consistently dynamic from the backend, he's likely the most offensively-gifted blue liner in the organization, and that's what this article will explore.
#8) JOSH BROOK
Acquired: 2017, 2nd round, 56th overall
Position: RD | Shoots: R
Birthdate: 1999-06-17 | Nationality: Canada
Team: Moose Jaw Warriors (WHL)
Height: 6'2 (188cm) | Weight: 185 lbs (84kg)
GP G A P P1 G/GP 1A/GP P/GP P1/GP 5v5 P1/GP TM.INV% GF.Rel% 69 8 32 40 16 0.12 0.23 0.58 0.35 0.22 16.74% 4.09%
Series Navigation:
Top 30 Prospects: Ranking Methodology – Integrating Statistics into Analysis
Top 30 Prospects: #30 – #26 – Success Rates of Swedish Jr. and USHS Defenders
Top 30 Prospects: #25 – #21 – Success Rates of CHL Overage Forwards
Top 30 Prospects: #20 – #16 – Balancing Players with Opposing Skill Sets and Development
Top 30 Prospects: #15 – #11 – Weighing perceived NHL-readiness with NHL Upside
Top 30 Prospects: #10 Will Bitten – Why His Season Was Better Than You Think
Top 30 Prospects: #9 Victor Mete – How Undersized Defenders Can Excel Defensively
Top 30 Prospects: #8 Josh Brook – Improving Shooting Location Through Movement
Top 30 Prospects: #7 Michael McCarron – Do Big Players Really Take Longer to Develop?
Top 30 Prospects: #6 Charlie Lindgren – The Reverse-VH and When Skill Takes Over
Top 30 Prospects: #5 Charles Hudon – A Case Study on the Impact of Aging for NHL Chances
Top 30 Prospects: #4 Joni Ikonen – Multidimensionality in Attack
Top 30 Prospects: #3 Nikita Scherbak – Comparing Scherbak In and Out of Form
Top 30 Prospects: #2 Noah Juulsen – How to Excel at Defending the Blue Line
Top 30 Prospects: #1 Ryan Poehling – Full Breakdown, Importance of Little Details, and More
Brook is clearly a talented defenceman on both sides of the puck, but the first half of this article will focus specifically on his play in the offensive zone. In order to grab the points, Brook utilizes his explosive accleration, quick hands, crafty playmaking, and powerful shot. But it's not just that tools that make him effective–he actively seeks out lanes and to improve his shooting location.
Watch how Brook actively seeks out a higher quality shooting location:
While it's true that Brook was given plenty of space in the above clips, just like with most junior clips it's not necessarily the play itself that's important, but rather the thought process and skill level displayed.
Brook has the presence of mind to challenge the defender to create space for himself. Then, he flashes his explosive acceleration to gain separation. The initial move to get away from the defender is creating the space, then he exploits that space created.
Brook is also quite dexterous in possession, as shown by the inside-out moves. He's not a silky smooth stickhandler, but has a wide-base and quickness that enable him work through traffic.
By combining all these tools, Brook improves the quality of his shooting location. In some instances, he's taking the puck from a low-danger area all the way into a high-danger spot. This increases the likelihood of his shot resulting in a scoring chance, or even a goal.
If improving the location isn't an option, Brook is still a powerful enough shooter to score from the point. He operates like your prototypical quarterback, moving the puck quickly and having the ability to tee up a bomb. However, even when working the point, there's still a purposeful movement into better shooting locations.
Notice how Brook doesn't take the one-timer, and instead steps into open space while loading up a wrist shot. While it's a screamer of a shot that he unloads, Brook goes from a one-time option from 56-feet out with no traffic, to wrist shot from 36-feet out with four bodies in the lane.
Even better than Brook's shooting ability is his playmaking and vision. Not only does he use that same acceleration to jump into pockets to find lanes, his vision enables him to connect with high-skill passes.
In these passing sequences, Brook takes purposeful movement into the offensive zone in order to improve his passing location. Not only does it decrease the distance of his passes, but most importantly it improves his angle. This makes the pass easier to complete, and improves the dangerousness of the passes. The first and third pass in the above clip cross the royal road, which improves the likelihood of a goal. In the second, Brook steps into open ice, causing “mini-rush” in the OZ with his eventual target left alone in front of the net.
Brook hops into open lanes and then sends bullet passes. His passes are noticeably faster than his peers, and he's pinpoint accurate. He has the ability to create passing lanes, just like he does shoot lanes, with his acceleration and aggressiveness. When most defenders pinch, they pinch to maintain possession or disrupt the exit. When Brook pinches–which is quite often–he has the unique ability to turn that pinch directly into a scoring chance.
However, I've read concerns about Brook's offensive game. While I don't agree that it's a product of his skill level, it's important to take everything into consideration. Brook is skilled from the backend, and he has the right thought processes while making plays. Is he a highly skilled defender? Probably not, but he does make highly skilled plays, but not with consistency.
That's the main concern with Brook's game in my opinion. While he flashes this offensive vision and skill, there are extended periods of time where Brook is rather pedestrian in the offensive zone. In these stretches, the plays that he makes lack creativity and skill. One of the biggest reasons why I'm less concerned about these stretches that others is during the second half and playoffs, he was making these plays in the majority of my viewings.
Another important consideration: Brook's Moose Jaw Warriors scored the seventh most goals in the WHL, most of which came from the three players. Brook's most common defensive partner was Matt Sozanski, together they generally played behind a dynamic offensive line consisting of at least of Jayden Halbgewachs, Brett Howden, Brayden Burke, and Noah Gregor. Halbgewachs, for reference, had points on slightly over 45% of Brook's points.
So, it's important to remember that Brook played behind a heck of a talented team, and was generally the defender sharing the ice with their top scorers.
All-in-all, when Brook is engaged offensively, he seeks to improve his shooting location and has the skill to create lanes and connect with high-skill passes. However, there are legitimate concerns about the consistency he makes these, and the sustainability as a product of his team.
The Report
Among the best defencemen in his age group for years, Josh Brook has since quietly done his thing since joining the WHL ranks. In the playoffs, Brook was his team's best player and willed them to seven games. He is a steady defender with aggression and a capable offensive skill set. In fact, Brook's 0.22 5v5 P1/GP was the second best among all WHL draft eligible blue liners. His 16.74 TM INV% is respectable, albeit unspectacular, but the effect his presence had on his team's GF%, is overwhelmingly positive.
A generally consistent defender whose value comes his aggressive and decisive nature. Brook plays a tight gap with strong, active stick, and doesn't hesitate to throw the body. He goes into the corners without hesitation, and continually applies pressure. Brook can be weak on forwards around his net, and his aggressiveness will lead to periods of needless chasing.
Armed with explosive acceleration and quick four-way mobility, Brook displays an ability to evade pressure and orchestrate the breakout. He occasionally overestimates his own skill level and top-end speed by challenging forecheckers in one-on-one situations, but generally keeps things simple with a laser beam breakout pass. His maneuvering in the defensive zone with the puck is purposeful and precise, making him an strong link in transition.
Brook isn't one to lead the rush, but manages to find a level of creativity and skill in the offensive zone not found elsewhere in his game. As discussed, he creates shooting and passing lanes with his explosive acceleration, quick hands, and decisive nature. The hard-shooting blue liner could stand to quicken his release, but displays the full arsenal of shots, even an above-average backhander. Passing is Brook's forte, and has the ability to make high-skill passes off the forehand and while in stride. When engaged offensively, he's rarely stationary on the point, and even spends a fair bit of his time below the circles, or even in the corner.
Decision-making, like for many young players, is what needs the most refinement. Brook is an aggressive pincher who can often turn the failed breakout attempt into a scoring chance, but sometimes at the wrong end of the ice. As mentioned, he could stand to be more patient defensively. But the fact that he processes the game quickly and doesn't hesitate to engage is encouraging going forward.
Although Moose Jaw will lose a top pairing defender next season (Matt Sozanski), their dynamic offensive core will remain intact. Given this, it's reasonable to expect another big jump in Brook's point totals this upcoming season.
Ranking Explanation: Brook versus Mete was one of the hardest decisions on this list. Here's how I leaned Brook over Mete.
(1) Defence: Mete is fast, rangy, and great with his stick. In all honesty, it wouldn't hurt Brook to watch how Mete defends. However, Mete's size is a factor in projecting his defensive game, he requires additional help in many one-on-one battles that Brook doesn't. Brook is more erratic in his defensive zone coverage, no doubt, but close examination gives me reason to believe that he can improve his defence. Brook started to figure out how important patience is, just like how Mete did halfway through his draft year. I've noticed that Mete can be passive on his gap control, preferring to take the puck away deeper in the offensive zone, whereas Brook is more assertive. Defensively, it's in Mete's favour now, but I project them to be roughly on par at the next level.
(2) Transition: This is Mete's game. He's explosive, powerful, and a puck rusher with flashes of dynamic lane creation. He's a bit individualistic in his rushes, but also makes a consistent breakout pass. He always finds a way to make a contribution in transition. But Brook isn't too far off. He's not as overtly flashy, but moves the puck off his stick quicker, and is less reliant on uncontrolled exits. Brook is an occasional rusher, generally a passer. They both have exceptional agility and mobility, enabling them to evade forecheckers. Edge Mete because of how much offence he generates off the rush, but it's relatively close.
(3) Offence: This is the longest part of the explanation. I'll start with a spoiler: I think Brook is better in the offensive zone than Mete. Here's why:
While dynamic off the rush, Mete is not after establishing the offensive zone. He has improved at walking the line to create passing lanes, but his shot remains unimpressive and under-utilized. Instead, Mete actively seeks to improve his shooting location, but he rarely does it with the puck. Instead, he's able to find seems and jump down low for a backdoor play. There's nothing that says Mete won't be able to do this in the NHL, but it's how he scored most of his goals this season. Will he be able to score them at the same rate? I doubt it, because it's a play that requires space and factors out of his control to work. Since this is how most of his goals are generated, I wonder if he really has significant offensive upside in the NHL. So, there are three projection concerns: 1) Lack of a shot makes him unidimensional from the point, 2) Sustainability of the “backdoor play,” and 3) How Mete generally needs space to operate offensively.
For Brook, I do not have these concerns, rather they are concerns of consistency. Brook shot packs above-average power, albeit he could stand to improve his release. Thanks to his shot and other tools, he creates offence is more diversified manner than Mete. He creates offence like a prototypical point man, but also generates a fair share of his offence through improving his shooting location with the puck with an explosive first step, quick hands, and rapid decision-making. He can actively create his own space from the point, and shows no hesitation engaging one-on-one. He's also a better playmaker than Mete in the offensive zone, and connects with high-skill passes that no other blue liner in the prospect pool attempts. Does he need to do these things more often? Absolutely, but the skills are there.
So, this decision to place my prized Victor Mete below Brook comes as a product of offence. I project them rough par defensively, but Brook has that extra bite to his game offensively as a product of his skill, rapid decision-making, and shot.
There's an underlying belief in all of this: I perceive prospects as more likely to improve their consistency or elements of their game they already possess than to develop new skills or evolve their game.
Notes:
All the information is “in my opinion.“ The ranking likely has limited-to-no value. Think of the ranking as a way to catalogue players, notes, and data in a non-alphabetical way. The information within the profiles is far, far more valuable. I mentioned I'm not a scout right? If not, I'm not a scout. I appreciate all questions, comments, and criticism. You can reach me on Twitter (@MitchLBrown) or email (mitchbrown31@gmail.com). You can also tell me I suck. I don't care. AHL/CHL/USHL Stats: Prospect-Stats.com | NCAA Stats: CollegeHockeyInc.com | SuperElit Stats: Stats.SweHockey.se | NHL Stats: Stats.HockeyAnalysis.com
The list so far…
CAIRO, Egypt — Michele Bachmann has again ignited a political firestorm in the US, claiming last week that the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt has “infiltrated the highest levels of US government,” including the White House.
The Muslim Brotherhood's response?
“I haven't heard these rumors, but they strike me as ridiculous,” said Ahmed Al Nahhas, a long-time Brotherhood activist and leader in Egypt's second-largest city, Alexandria. “Surely the United States government selects its employees very carefully.”
Bachmann claims that Huma Abedin, a Muslim-American aide to Secretary of State Hilary Clinton, is central to the battle to subvert the US “from within.” Bachmann says Abedin, who is now under police protection, is influencing White House policy at the behest of what Bachmann says are her Brotherhood-linked family members.
More from GlobalPost: Could Egypt's Mohamed Morsi bring peace in the Mideast?
But in Egypt, the birthplace of the Brotherhood, the organization's leaders were either perplexed by the accusations or simply hadn't heard them. Nor had they heard of Huma Abedin.
“The Muslim Brotherhood can't even penetrate the Egyptian government,” said a Brotherhood leader in Egypt's Daqheleya province, Ibrahim Ali Iraqi, in response to the accusations his group had infiltrated top US agencies.
Indeed, having assumed the presidency following a year of economic tumult and political upheaval, the Brotherhood's Mohamed Morsi is grappling with severe domestic problems — not least of which is his battle with the ruling military for executive power.
“We are in a period of darkness because the country is still governed by the Supreme Council of Armed Forces — and they have a long history of support from the United States,” Iraqi said. “So it's ridiculous that these accusations are leveled at us.”
But while the US has in fact long financially supported Egypt's military — a diplomatic bribe, of sorts, to keep the peace with Israel — only recently have US diplomats publicly warmed to the Muslim Brotherhood.
After several false starts for US-Brotherhood relations in Egypt's pre-revolution era, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met President Morsi in Cairo for the first time on July 14.
More from GlobalPost: Israel's worst nightmare
The US government does not list the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization, and the group has not carried out a violent, armed attack in 50 years.
“All we have [with the US] is a relationship of mutual respect and mutual interests that must be maintained,” Al Nahhas said.
Bachmann writes that Abedin, an American of Indian-Pakistani descent, “has three family members — her late father, her mother and her brother — connected to Muslim Brotherhood operatives and/or organizations.”
But following her evidence, the links either fail to materialize or are based on ultimately shoddy sources.
Bachmann's online supporters have taken particular issue with Abedin's mother, Saleha Abedin, a sociology professor whom they say has been exposed as a member of the global “Muslim Sisterhood,” an organization whose existence is disputed.
The list that supposedly “names” Saleha as a member was posted by the virtually unknown Egypt-based blog, “Al Liwa Al Arabi” (The Arab Brigade), in 2010, with no information on the source or origin of the list.
In the case of Abedin's father, Syed Z. Abedin, Bachmann points to a paper published by the Brigham Young University Law Review a decade ago. The author says the organization Syed founded — the London-based Institute for Minority Muslim Affairs — received “quiet but active support” from the former secretary-general of the Muslim World League, an international Islamic charity network.
More from GlobalPost: Egypt's Omar Suleiman, a friend of CIA, dies in US hospital
Bachmann's allegations were certainly enough for Egypt's already overactive rumor mill — and became ammunition for those Egyptians opposed to what they say is US-backed Islamist rule.
Talk of a secret deal between the US and the Brotherhood hit the streets, the television talk shows, and social networking sites — culminating with an anti-Brotherhood and anti-US protest where demonstrators pelted Clinton's convoy with tomatoes in Alexandria.
“There is a vast swath of this country that is misled by the media,” the Brotherhood's Iraqi said of rumors of a US-Brotherhood deal. “It just doesn't make sense to me.”
Hossam Bahgat, director of the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights, tweeted that during Clinton's meeting with Egyptian Coptic Christian leaders in Cairo on July 15, “one participant told Hillary the US admin was infiltrated by Islamists.”
For evidence, Baghat said the participant cited Huma Abedin, who walked into the meeting just two minutes later.
Heba Habib contributed reporting from Cairo, Egypt.
WHY GLOBAL JOBCOIN IS TOP RATED ICO
Global Jobcoin Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 22, 2017
Summary of main points that make Global Jobcoin better than other ICOs. Why we are the top rated ICO in 2017 & how did we manage this great success in the Presale.
Successful Company
We are a successful company & our Jobstoday platforms are in the market since 2014.
International Presence
We are present in 4 European countries: Switzerland, Germany, Austria & Poland. And in the coming months we will expand all over the world.
Professional Team
We have a professional team since 2014 & offices in 4 European countries.
5000 + Clients
We have more than 5000 employers worldwide using our Jobstoday platforms.
1 Million + Users
We have more than 1 Million users registered on our Jobstoday platforms.
Licenses & Permits
We already have all the regulatory licenses & permits to operate all over the World.
Working & Profitable Product
We will integrate Global Jobcoin in to our profitable Jobstoday platforms within few weeks.
New Release in December 2017
We already have the next Jobstoday release 90% done & you can already test it here: http://ch.jobstoday.it/en/. We plan to launch this new release in December 2017.
Transparent ICO Model
Our ICO is very transparent & the smart contract can be reviewed by anyone.
Presence on all Social Media Channels
We are present on all social media channels & have a very attentive customer service.
Fair & Honest
The founders only keep 10% of the tokens generated so there is no possibility of price manipulation.
Attractive Dividends
We share 20% of our profits every quarter with our token holders. All the profit statements will be made public starting from first quarter 2018.
Token buyback Incentive
We invest 10% of our profits in buying back tokens from the open market & lock them in an Escrow account for 365 days.
Low Circulating Supply
Only 100 Million tokens are generated. And only 70 Million will be in circulation.
Supporting Charity Projects
We have been supporting projects helping children education & animal welfare around the world since 2014.
Playtesting the game, talking to lawyers, fixing bugs. Rinse and repeat. Fun times.
Posted by Patomkin on Nov 11th, 2016
We had a really busy month! Or two. Three? Wait, what? How long is it past the last update? WhAt YeAr Is It?!
Anyway. We're here to talk a little bit more about our progress. How much we did, how much we didn't and how much is left, and… gifs! Everyone likes gifs, so we have a couple of “new” ones for you. Okay, not really new, but they're still funny!
Working the works
We played through the game a few times, and were surprised how well it worked. There were no bugs, all was slick and smooth, and everything was superb… Until the friend nation attacked! We asked a couple of fellas to test our game, and they did. They suuuure did… and immediately added 150+ fixes to our development queue. Thanks, friends! Good job! APPRECIATE IT!
An interesting graph
As you know (or do not know) there's more than one person working on the game – we're a proud team of two! So to keep track of all the stuff we do, we use a version control system. Today we did a little dance around it and got ourselves a pretty little graph. Wanna see? Sure you do! Here it is:
Dark blue is a total number of changes we made in the game.
Light blue is open tickets/fixes/bug reports that we still have to fix. As you can see, we haven't really used this tool until late August, when we added it directly into the game (you can read more about it in the last dev-blog). And those three spikes (T1-T3) are playtests.
Laws and lawyers
Last couple of weeks were filled with despair and a feeling of being completely lost. That's right – instead of making video games, we were talking to bookkeepers and lawyers, and crawling the internet in search of other people's experience regarding that matter. That stuff is so COMPLICATED, ugh. Luckily, we found competent people that explained it for us and the fog of war has slightly lifted. Now it's A LITTLE BIT LESS COMPLICATED, for all we have to do is… fill the papers, sign a few contracts, come up with a name for our company and –poof! – we're done! Magical.
So, what now?
Music. Voice. Testing. All the things we had previously. Yeah, I know you'll say that we always tell you that, but you gotta believe us – we really do progress. Testing is a non-stop process, and music/voice can't be implemented without a signed contract and we are working on it right now. But the game is completely playable! Which is nice…
Antibiotics have saved hundreds of millions of lives and extended billions of others. But paradoxically, the more they are used the more the bacteria they fight get stronger, with potentially lethal consequences.
While some “superbugs,” as antibiotic-resistant bacteria are known, can be killed with specialized antibiotics, the fear is that others cannot. Case in point: New Delhi Metallo 1 (NDM-1). A gene discovered in India in 2010, NDM-1 causes common bacteria like e. coli and salmonella to grow impervious to antibiotics.
Just-published research shows that sewage treatment plants in northern China are unable to kill NDM-1-spiked bacteria and are also making them stronger.
“We often think about sewage treatment plants as a way to protect us, to get rid of all of these disease-causing constituents in wastewater,” Rice University's Pedro Alvarez, one of the study's authors, says. “But it turns out these microbes are… eating sewage, so they proliferate. In one wastewater treatment plant, we had four to five of these superbugs coming out for every one that came in.”
Sewage treatment plants are also helping them spread. Effluent containing those superbugs is then being released into the environment. The study found even higher concentrations in sludge used for fertilizer.
Here's why that's so scary. Previous research has shown that bacteria containing the NDM-1 gene were largely ineffective at transferring the gene to other bacteria. However, Alvarez and his colleagues found that bacteria carrying these genes can spread the gene to otherwise benign bacteria—meaning the gene can spread antibiotic resistance outside of sewage treatment plants.
“It's scary. There's no antibiotic that can kill them,” says Alvarez. “We only realized they exist just a little while ago when a Swedish man got infected in India, in New Delhi. Now, people are beginning to realize that more and more tourists trying to go to the upper waters of the Ganges River are getting these infections that cannot be treated.”
There have so far been several documented cases of NDM-1-caused death, including one in Guangdong province, in southern China, earlier this year.
This research underscores the need for governments and hospitals to curb the overuse of antibiotics consumption among humans and in the treatment of farm animals. Progress so far has been excruciatingly slow. Despite signs that China's health ministry is cracking down on antibiotic overuse, veterinary overuse abounds. Meanwhile in India, where one scientist estimates that 200 million people carry NDM-1 in their intestines, the government has banned over-the-counter antibiotics sales as of next March.
Telelcom operator Vodafone has partnered with SaveLIFE Foundation to launch the Road Safe mobile application for Android users in INdia. The app brings a lot of features focused on safety and help during driving and related emergencies. The launch comes soon after Samsung unveiled a similar app, called In-Traffic Reply.
The Vodafone-SaveLIFE Road Safe app has features like 'Distraction Free Driving' that will automatically disable calls, SMSes, and push notifications when vehicle speed is above 10 kmph. The Road Safe app also has Road Safety tips and information on traffic fines and offences. Another feature called 'Automatic Crash Detector' uses the phone's accelerometer to detect sudden drop in vehicle speed, and provides automatic voice enabled emergency response assistance. A sudden drop in vehicle speed is usually a major sign of an accident. There's also a one-touch dial for emergency services, and a feature that will call and SMS to saved emergency contacts.
The app is available for free to download on Google Play, and the interface is really simple to use. Once you complete the Vodafone-SaveLIFE Road Safe app registration, the Home Page has all the features mentioned. The traffic offences and fines section gives you a detailed list of fines depending on state and offence. There's also an option to report harassment from any officer or individual as well. The Settings menu allows you to change language to Hindi; however the default language is English.
The telco has also released a study alongside reasoning why the app makes sense in today's smartphone world. It claims that when it asked several passengers, around 96 percent of them feel unsafe when a driver uses a mobile phone while driving. 34 percent of the respondents in the study tend to apply sudden brakes when talking on the phone while driving, and 20 percent of respondents admit to having a near-miss situation or a crash due to the same. The Vodafone-SaveLIFE Road Safe app is essentially a first step of sorts to prevent distracted driving.
The Biggest Mistake In The Hip-Escape By Bernardo Faria
Bernardo Faria is a 5x World Champion. Bernardo started training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Juiz de Fora – MG, Brazil at the age of 14 in 2001. After receiving the Black Belt from his first instructor Ricardo Marques in 2008, He moved to São Paulo to join BJJ legend Fabio Gurgel and his Alliance team. After many years of training and winning many major titles, Bernardo moved to NYC in 2013 to train and teach at Marcelo Garcia Academy. In 2015 Bernardo achieved his dream of winning the IBJJF World Championship Open class title and his division, doing the double Gold and becoming the 1st in the IBJJF Ranking and also was chosen as the best athlete of 2015.
Bernardo Faria has now taken on the mission to share some of the lessons, techniques, experiences and more that he has learned along in his 16 years and counting as a BJJ student, teacher and world class competitor.
Joon H. Kim, the Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York and William F. Sweeney Jr., the Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New York Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”) announced that ANTHONY WEINER was charged with, and pled guilty to, transferring obscene material to a minor. WEINER surrendered to the FBI in New York this morning, pled guilty before United States District Judge Loretta A. Preska, and was released on bail pending sentencing. Sentencing has been scheduled for September 8, 2017, at 11 a.m.
Acting Manhattan U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim said: “Today, former Congressman Anthony Weiner admitted and pled guilty to sending sexually explicit images and directions to engage in sexual conduct to a girl he knew to be 15 years old. Weiner's conduct was not only reprehensible, but a federal crime, one for which he is now convicted and will be sentenced. We thank the FBI and the NYPD for their work in this investigation.”
FBI Assistant Director in Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. said: “We work every day in the FBI and law enforcement to stop adults from preying on vulnerable children. Our partnership with the NYPD cannot be stressed enough in this case, and we would like to thank the Special Victims Unit for all the work and effort they put into this investigation.”
According to the Information filed in Manhattan federal court today and statements made in Court during today's plea proceeding, between in or about January and March 2016, WEINER used online messaging and video chat applications to communicate with a minor girl he knew to be 15 years old (the “Minor Victim”). In the course of those communications, WEINER transferred obscene material to the Minor Victim, including directions to engage in sexual conduct and sexually explicit images.
* * *
WEINER, 52, of New York, New York, has pled guilty to one count of transferring obscenity to a minor, which carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison. The maximum potential sentence is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes only, as any sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the Judge.
Mr. Kim praised the investigative work of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Special Victims Division of the New York City Police Department.
The case is being handled by the Office's General Crimes unit. Assistant United States Attorneys Amanda Kramer and Stephanie Lake are in charge of the prosecution.
Media Bias And The Death Of Intellectual Honesty, Doubling Down
from the keep-digging dept
“Moscow appears to use monetary support in combination with other tools of Russian statecraft, including propaganda in local media, direct lobbying by the Russian Government, economic pressure, and military intimidation,'' the letter says. “Russian trolls and other cyber actors post comments on the Internet, maintain blogs, challenge ‘pro-Western' journalists and media narratives, and spread pro-Russian information on social media.”
Because of its important role in the Russian effort, Sputnik does not simply publish whatever it chooses, the government official tells Newsweek. Articles pertaining to politics in the United States and Europe require high-level review. It is not clear if Russian authorities conduct that review, the official says, but no article directly related to American politics would just be sloppily thrown into public view without careful consideration. (The article in question disappeared from the website shortly after Newsweek attempted to contact Sputnik about it.)
“The process has begun and stage has been set for the introduction of false information,'' the national security experts wrote. “Altering stolen documents and introducing them to the public is not the stuff of spy movies. It is a proven tactic of Russian intelligence, and we expect it will happen here.”
Other altered documents have already been the basis of articles on Sputnik, the government official with knowledge of the intelligence agencies' inquiries tells Newsweek. However, the Blumenthal email appears to be the first manipulated record to be publicly identified.
After Newsweek first published its article on Sputnik and the Blumenthal email, some reporters suggested that a tweet from an anonymous account may have been the source of the Russian article or Trump's statement. An image attached to the tweet showed the sentences in question, but provided no indication that it came from an email. Based on the information from the government official with knowledge of the intelligence inquiries, Sputnik would never base a story it portrayed as the “October surprise” in the American election on a tweet with which it had no connection. The account in question is also quite unusual: It has put out an average of 285 tweets a day about American politics since it was created in February. (The account deleted the Blumenthal tweet on Monday.) The image from the tweet could have been anonymous propaganda by someone who searched through thousands of words to find sentences to attribute to Blumenthal. More troubling, it could have been distributed over social media as a step in the Russian effort to quote an altered email in Sputnik; that would match the tactics described by the government official who spoke to Newsweek.
Yesterday we wrote about the bizarre story of Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwald completely overselling his story about Trump repeating some misinformation that was printed by a Russian news site. I won't replay the whole thing, but the short version: WikiLeaks released a cache of Clinton campaign boss John Podesta's emails. In them was an email from Clinton friend Sidney Blumenthal, with a link and text of an Eichenwald piece. Some people -- first on Twitter, apparently, and then in an article on the Russian site Sputnik News -- misrepresented the email in two ways. First, they took a single sentence of the long article out of context and second, they attributed that one sentence to Blumenthal instead of Eichenwald. Then, Donald Trump, at a rally, repeated the false claim that Blumenthal had said this. Again, there is a story here: Trump is willing to repeat false information from sketchy sources (whether Twitter or a Russian news organization). That's interesting (though, perhaps not a new revelation).But Eichenwald massively oversold the piece, with a massive tweetstorm repeatedly suggesting that it proved a connection between Russia and the Trump campaign -- even falsely claiming that "only" the Russians and Trump had the same info, despite it being public on WikiLeaks. Hekept claiming that this showed the email was "manipulated." Except it wasn't. It was just misrepresented, perhaps on purpose, or perhaps just being oversold by those in search of a good story -- just like Eichenwald did. Eichenwald had also suggested that this proved WikiLeaks was connected to the Russians as well, though it appears he's since deleted those tweets.Eichenwald is not backing down on this story. In fact he's doubled down, with an "update" that only seems to again show himself overselling the story. First, he "updated" his post with claims from anonymous "intel sources" basically saying the Russians engage in disinformation, and quotes from a classified letter that was sent to the intelligence committees in Congress from the Director of National Intelligence.Well, duh? Of course, Russia uses misinformation. But that doesn't mean anything with respect to what Eichenwald originally claimed about Trump and the Russians coordinating. Eichenwald continues:Except that the Blumenthal email. It was just misrepresented -- this is a big difference -- just as Eichenwald is nowwhat Sputnik did.Eichenwald doubles down even further, arguing after a bunch of reporters pointed to a tweet that went out way before the Sputnik article, making the same claim (and which may have been the source for both the Sputnik article and the Trump statement), that this is fine because he's sure that the Tweet may be a Russian ploy too.Again, this isand not evidence. And a lot of it is based on what some random unnamed "government official" claimed. Yes, it'sthat the Russians were behind the hack, the tweet and the Sputnik article. But merely saying so without proof is not good journalism. It's. Especially when Eichenwald keeps insisting that the email was "manipulated."And, of course, Eichenwald went back to overselling his "update" too. I'm posting screenshots in case Eichenwald starts magically deleting tweets again:Again, there is a real story here: it's Trump falling for false information. It's entirely possible that Russia is pushing propaganda here. Or it's possible that Russians misread something and accidentally misrepresented it. Eichenwald can't say. But he pretends he's able to claim it on authority that it's happening, without providing any of the proof. And, on top of that, he's still insisting that the document was "manipulated." It was not. He's misrepresenting just as much as Sputnik misrepresented things.And, I mean, given how quickly Eichenwald is willing to connect the dots to a big Russian propaganda campaign, it seems worth pointing out that his own publication, Newsweek, has similarly been accused of some sketchy connections via its ownership . But, of course, Eichenwald would insist that's totally unconnected to his reporting. Yet he refuses to give the same benefit of the doubt to others. Odd.And here's the real problem with all of this: in misrepresenting the story and over-claiming what it's about, Eichenwald. It's easy for people to dismiss the entire story because Eichenwald is overselling the Russian involvement here. He has no proof, and because of that, the thing hehave proof of -- that Trump stupidly relies on badly sourced information -- gets missed. He's so focused on "the Russian connection" that it kills what would otherwise be an interesting story.But he can't let go. Meanwhile, other publications are pointing out that the claims that WikiLeaks is connected to the Russians is not actually supported by the evidence and other "intelligence sources" don't believe it's true . Now why should we believe those other sources more than Eichenwald's "sources"? We shouldn't. But at least the second one admits a lack of evidence. Eichenwald's takes a "this is how Russians have been known to act" and turns it into "proof" that they're "manipulating" info and getting it into Trump's hands.Meanwhile, on his Twitter feed, Eichenwald has defaulted to two separate defenses: first, the old "just asking questions" defense, and second (falsely) denying that he ever was concerned about WikiLeaks, despite the now deleted tweets that we show above. Separately, he's also angrily threatening to "wreck" and "destroy" the lives of people he claims are "going after" his wife and kids (and he's right that if people are doing that, that's despicable and uncalled for -- though his discussions about how he "wrecks people lives for fun" and lawsuit threats are pretty ridiculous).Again, there's a marginally interesting story in here, but it's not about Russian disinformation -- at least without more actual proof. You'd think that an accomplished reporter like Eichenwald would get that. But he seems too invested in the story to recognize that it doesn't hold up, and his overselling of it actually undermines the stuff that's actually interesting.
Filed Under: Donald Trump, intellectual honesty, kurt eichenwald, media bias, overselling, russia
Companies: newsweek
Foreign Troops Training to Execute Americans Who Won't Surrender Their Guns
In the 8 months that the drill known as Unconventional Warfare Exercise 16 (UWEX 16) have been taking place, I have received 5 communications in various forms which have alerted me to the true nature of these drills. Unlike Jade Helm 15, UWEX 16 is covert. The only word that comes out of UWEX 16 is from the participants or their family members who are freaked out. There is a complete blackout of information by the MSM.
The media silence tells me that these drills could be snap drills and could go live at any moment. Of the emails I have received on this topic, the following two emails are the most disturbing. It is with some trepidation that I offer these emails because I know I am putting a big bullseye on my back. I feel like I am a magnet for these communications because I have been writing about UWEX since its inception and, of course, my work with the movie Amerigedon has brought this kind of attention to myself.
Here are two emails that speak for themselves and they are consistent with other emails and communications that I have received.
Dear Dave, Our nephew training at a base in Texas. He is part of the UWEX 16 drills that you have written about. This email is a summary of what we have been told over the past several months. Pardon me, but we cannot reveal his branch or base for fear that it could be traced. This email was sent in a manner that it cannot be traced to us. Please understand, but I want to let you know how dangerous things are getting. You have written that under FM 39.4 that foreign troops will train to take over the FEMA camps so that the planned genocide will be done with no conscience. The same is true for gun confiscation. Our nephew is going to leave the service and not re-enlist. We have advised him to keep quiet about his intentions and just do it. What has him so upset is the fact that he was forced to observe a drill in which Russian soldiers went into a fake American home and executed the family of US citizens who did not immediately comply with handing over their guns. He said that the civilian actors were screaming things about the Constitution and the Second Amendment as the Russians pretended to execute the actors playing the family. The American soldiers who were there were supposed to offer advice on how to talk to Americans in these fake homes. Martial law training? Our nephew said that all of his fellow soldiers are freaked out. The reason that I am writing to you is because we feel that you understand what we are talking about because you promoted the movie Amerigeddon in which the UN took over the government and the military and were executing people. Please, please, we beg you to spread this information, Dave. This is real and they are going to murder Americans right in their homes.
Three days ago, I received a similar email from a person claiming to be an anonymous soldier.
More than 72,000 people are expected to attend the Web Summit in Lisbon over the next three days.
It is the first year that the technology conference has been held outside of its home city of Dublin, following the announcement last year that it was moving abroad.
The Web Summit cited the size of the RDS venue and issues regarding transport, wifi and hotels as its reason for relocating.
This year's event is estimated to host nearly double the amount of attendees.
The impressive purpose-built conference centre and neighbouring arena will host more than 600 speakers including Chief Technology Officer of Facebook, Mike Schroepfer as well as footballers Ronaldinho and Luis Figo.
Despite complaints about the wifi in Dublin, the opening ceremony last night did appear to suffer similar issues.
Web Summit co-founder Paddy Cosgrave's attempt to do a Facebook Live broadcast from the stage fell flat when his wifi connection did not work.
He did however manage it later, with a Web Summit spokesperson explaining Mr Cosgrave had initially accidentally connected to the wrong network.
Online gender gap highlighted in the poorest nations
Meanwhile, almost a third fewer women than men in the world's poorest countries are connected to the internet and the gap are set to widen, limiting access to life-changing opportunities.
A study by the ONE organisation, co-founded by U2's Bono to tackle extreme poverty, found 18% of men in the 48 least developed nations are online versus 12.5% of women, with a gender gap of 22.3 million or about 30%.
The analysis, released at the Web Summit, forecast the digital gender divide would widen further by 2020 to about 32% when factoring in population growth and current internet trends, to a gap of 53.5 million.
The report said a global target set by UN member states last year to have universal affordable internet access in the least developed countries by 2020 was off track.
Anti-poverty campaigners and tech leaders such as Facebook's CEO Mark Zuckerberg have actively promoted the internet to help lift people out of poverty by connecting them to education and business opportunities as well as health services and banking.
David McNair, policy director at ONE, said the new analysis showed that almost 350 million women and girls would remain unconnected by 2020 compared to about 290 million men due to a range of access, cultural and literacy factors.
"But the fact is that when you empower women and girls to more education and job opportunities then this also benefits their families, communities and countries," Mr McNair told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in an interview in Lisbon.
Studies repeatedly show that women plough 90% of their income back into their families compared to men, who invest about 35% in their families.
While internet connectivity is assumed as a given in many parts of the world, figures show that 53% of the world population - or 3.9 billion people - remains unconnected, according to the International Telecommunication Union.
The ITU, a UN agency for information and communication technologies, estimates almost 75% of people in Africa do not use the internet compared to 21% of Europeans, and usage rates are higher for men than women globally.
A survey of 40 countries by the US-based Pew Research Center earlier this year found Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana were the countries with the largest divide between the numbers of men and women likely to use the internet.
Mr McNair said ONE was encouraging tech leaders among the up to 72,000 attendees at the Web Summit to recognise the importance of internet accessibility and affordability to the world's poorest people and find solutions to address this.
He said governments needed to invest more in technology infrastructure and change laws to open up internet and mobile markets.
The private sector also had a role to play in finding innovative ways to deliver the internet to communities, he said.
"We want tech leaders to use their brilliant minds to find solutions to help those living in poverty and not just people in London and San Francisco," said McNair.
"We need to stop the next generation of women missing the opportunities for empowerment, education and inclusion offered by the internet."
Game Cover Character 3D Illustrator: Military CGI Graphics
Our animated 3D graphics companys' 3d character model used in these Xbox 360 game cover design 3D studio 3D illustrations was constructed in 3D Studio Max on our 3d creation station.
CGI Game Rendering
for Print Advert
This young up and coming audience appreciate these military computer graphics illustrations which tend to be more detailed and realistic than the warfare 3D animations within the virtual reality wartime CG game itself.
3D Imaging's War 3D Rendering Book Illustrator Geoff Hodbod created this SAS Soldier 3D drawing.This Combat 3D Illustrator Army 3D Artist made a CGI UK Air Force Special Forces render illustration using a high powered 3D model rendering workstation.These Armed Forces 3D graphic character were used on an illustration 3d book cover
Today marks the six-year anniversary of the release of Kanye West's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, and Pusha T took to Instagram to remember the recording process and thank the man behind the project.
ADVERTISEMENT
"6 yrs ago today I was apart of one of the greatest hip hop albums ever," Push wrote. He recalled skipping out on morning basketball games with Kanye in order to put in overtime work in the studio, writing to eight different tracks on the album, though he would only remain on "Runaway" and "So Appalled."
"Thinking back on it, it really was all a set up. You were setting me up to be the solo artist I never saw myself as," He continued, before mentioning that he's ready to head back to Hawaii to record when the time comes. Read the full post above.
We are happy to open registration to all. If you're interested in checking out some neat talks or hacking on cool Haskell projects, reserve your spot today!
http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/DHD_UHac We are still looking for speakers for the Dutch HUG Day. Please consider sharing your latest new project or toy. It doesn't have to be researched. It doesn't even have to be done. Just email Sean Leather (leat...@cs.uu.nl) with your idea, and we'll talk about it. Also, the wiki has been updated with a lot more information since that last announcement. We'll continue to add more. Let us know if you have any questions. >>= >> >> >> >> >> >> >>= >>= >>= >>= DHD >>= UHac >>= >>= >>= >>= April 20 - 22 >>= >>= >>= >>= Utrecht >>= >>= >>= >>= >> >> >> >> >> >> >>= Sean Leather and Jurriën Stutterheim Organizers
_______________________________________________ Haskell mailing list Haskell@haskell.org http://www.haskell.org/mailman/listinfo/haskell
BOCA RATON, Fla. -- Older fans of the NFL remember a time when the World League offered gridiron enthusiasts a springtime dose of football starring the likes of the New York/New Jersey Knights, London Monarchs and Frankfurt Galaxy.
Launching in 1991 and later rebranded as NFL Europe, the developmental league was disbanded for good in 2007. According to NFL Competition Committee head Rich McKay, don't hold your breath for a sequel.
"We have not really studied it lately," McKay told reporters on Monday. "It's been a long time since we looked at it, almost back to NFL Europe, and when we looked at NFL Europe and the value of NFL Europe, what we saw in NFL Europe was, it definitely had an impact on some linemen. It definitely had an impact on officiating. It was very costly. And in the end, we transitioned quite quickly to the idea that we liked having more practice squad players than we did a developmental league."
McKay called the NFL's choice to grow practice squads from five to 10 players "a conscious decision over time to expand ... where coaches can have the ability to coach their own players' techniques and develop their own players, realizing that you're never going to get that game action, but you're going to get your opportunity to put your hands on the player, teach the player -- and we felt like that was a better avenue over time than a developmental league."
McKay has heard the cries for the NFL to reconsider its stance on building an evolutionary version of NFL Europe, but emphasized: "It's not something that's been on the forefront."
The league isn't making this a priority, but it's hard not to dwell on how helpful such a system would be for quarterbacks. If it creates too much wear-and-tear at other positions, the in-game reps would be invaluable for the NFL's third- and fourth-string arms. After all, Kurt Warner and Jake Delhomme both played in Europe in the late-1990s before going on to Super Bowl appearances.
"I cut my teeth there and got to play a lot there, so I learned a lot," Delhomme said in 2007. "To me, it's a quarterback's league. That's what I believe. That's what I believe it was made for, to allow young quarterbacks to play and grow."
While the quarterback angle still makes sense, the NFL's research into a spring league leaned heavily on feedback from its coaches. Most of them would rather work with players one-on-one inside their own building during the offseason program. Don't look for this to change any time soon.
Liberal Democrat leadership hopeful Norman Lamb has set out an LGBT-heavy agenda for the contest for the party's leadership following the post-election resignation of former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg.
Lamb used an interview with LGBT website Pink News to state that Britons should be allowed “gender neutral passports” and claimed that transgender people should not have to get the approval of their spouses in advance of being officially gender re-assigned – thereby effectively forcing the partners of transgender people to enter into a same-sex marriage.
The former government minister also clarified that he wants children to learn more about gay relationships in school. He said, “It was not enough to repeal Section 28, a ban on the ‘teaching of the acceptability of homosexuality as a pretended family relationship'. We must do the exact opposite. We must make sure every part of government – especially schools and local authorities, are promoting the total equality of same sex attraction, relationships, and yes, sex.”
Lamb said he wants more homosexual relationships on children's television, too:
“…it is deemed inappropriate to show same-sex couples on children's television – in a manner not dissimilar from the treatment of mixed-race couples a generation ago. Our broadcasters must realise that sexuality is not, fundamentally, about who you want to have sex with – but who you are, and who you love.”
Lamb's comments follow those of another Lib Dem leadership candidate Tim Farron, who called for the Church of England to be dis-established.
SUNNYVALE — When neighbors complained about Vidyut Gopal and Parul Agrawal's young son with autism pulling children's hair, biting a woman and other menacing behavior, the couple said they did what they could to make it stop.
They hired caregivers, gave the boy special medication, and put him in therapeutic classes. But instead of bringing calm to Arlington Court, the Silicon Valley couple got slapped with a lawsuit that called their son's behavior a “public nuisance” — and ultimately drove them out of their home of seven years.
Now, Gopal and Agrawal find themselves in the midst of a legal battle that has sparked outrage among parents of children with autism everywhere, and raised troubling questions about how to coexist with neighbors with special needs kids.
“This has been pretty devastating for us, but we are doing our best to cope with it,” Gopal, an engineer at a Silicon Valley company, said Thursday.
The lawsuit — filed last summer by two couples who lived in homes that flanked Gopal and Agrawal's house — alleges that the boy's disruptive behavior also created an “as-yet unquantified chilling effect on the otherwise ‘hot' local real estate market” and that “people feel constrained in the marketability of their homes as this issue remains unresolved and the nuisance remains unabated.”
To Gopal and Agrawal's dismay, a Santa Clara County Superior Court judge last October issued a preliminary injunction against them to ensure their son does not strike, assault, or batter anyone in the neighborhood or their personal property. The case returns to court Tuesday, when a judge will hear arguments about whether the plaintiffs should have access to the boy's school and medical records.
Gopal and his wife, a research scientist at NASA Ames Research Center, said they remain focused on helping their son. But they hope this case “will raise awareness about autism and educate the public” about the challenges that families of children with autism face.
The plaintiffs could not be reached for comment. But some neighbors not involved in the legal case said they feel compassion for Gopal and Agrawal. Still, they believe the lawsuit was necessary after communication with the couple — and requests that the parents better supervise and control their son's behavior — broke down. The lawsuit claims that over the years the boy, now 11, had struck a baby with his hand, spit at and tried to ride his bicycle into neighbors, and repeatedly sat on a neighbor's cat.
“It was painful,” said Sue Alford, a 61-year-old retired registered nurse who has lived for decades with her family in a home next to one of the families that sued Gopal and Agrawal.
“We all met with them and talked to them about their son, but they didn't see our point of view,” Alford said. “We wanted the street to be a safe place for other children.”
While she said she “didn't want to make enemies of any of my neighbors,” she said outsiders should not judge the residents on Arlington Court.
“We went out of our way to be understanding and kind to him,” Alford said. “When you see everything, all of the pieces will fit together and maybe there will be an understanding.”
Nieves Diaz, 63, who lives across the street from Gopal and Agrawal's house, said the ordeal has “been very unsettling.”
“It was awful, because he couldn't play outside with the kids,” Diaz recalled of the times she would see the couple's son looking forlornly out of the front window at the other neighborhood children playing on the street.
“It was kind of sad,” said Diaz, adding that any claim that the boy's presence in the neighborhood would threaten property values is unproven.
“They should do their research and make sure it's a fact,” she said of the plaintiffs, Robert and Marci Flowers and Bindu Pothen and Kumaran Santhanam. “If not, they should keep their opinions to themselves.” The Flowers last month moved from their rental home on Arlington Court.
Bay Area parents of children with autism, meanwhile, fear the lawsuit could lead to copy cat cases.
“What scared us in the Bay Area is that there are thousands of kids just like this one,” said Jill Escher, president of the board of the Autism Society of the San Francisco Bay Area.
“Imagine if lawsuits like this were allowed to proliferate on such allegations. This could happen to all autism families at the drop of a hat. They would not know where to go.”
Stephen Rosenbaum, a lecturer at the UC Berkeley Law School, who specializes in disability rights and is familiar with the lawsuit, said he is surprised the case has continued as long as it has.
“This is something that should never have gone to court, in my view,” said Rosenbaum, who is also an associate professor at Golden Gate University School of Law. Instead, he said, it should have been resolved through an informal dispute resolution process or mediation; sources, however, say that route failed.
“The plaintiffs make it out to be that there's a monster at large in the neighborhood, but I know from the standpoint both as an attorney and as a parent myself of a young man who had a disability that there may be things that are the perception by the rest of the community that can be at odds with reality.”
No matter what happens with their legal case, Gopal and Agrawal say they have lost hope of returning to their former home, which they now rent to another family.
“We have no intention,” Gopal said, “of coming back.”
Contact Tracy Seipel at 408-920-5343. Follow her at Twitter.com/taseipel.
Last week, the VP of the Developer Division at Microsoft announced the next version of Visual Studio and the .NET Framework: Visual Studio 2010 and the .NET Framework 4.0. In line with that, the folks at Channel 9 have been posting videos left and right about a bunch of the new Visual Studio features, and there should be a plethora of interesting information and discussions flowing at the PDC in a few weeks. For those of you that are planning to attend the PDC, you've likely reviewed the list of announced sessions and found a whole bunch on parallelism, including the following:
Parallel Programming for Managed Developers with the
Next Version of Microsoft Visual Studio
Come learn how the next version of Visual Studio and the Microsoft .NET Framework can help you write better performing and more scalable applications. We take a tour of new .NET APIs, including the Task Parallel Library (TPL) and Parallel LINQ (PLINQ). We also introduce new features in the debugger that help you quickly identify concurrency issues and visualize the internal state of your application.
Some phrases are likely jumping out at you by this point. “Task Parallel Library”. “PLINQ”. “The Next Version”. So…
Parallel Extensions will indeed be a part of the .NET Framework 4.0. Not only will it be a part of it, it will be a core part of it. In Soma's blog post announcing the next wave, he cites the following as key focuses for the release:
• Significantly improve the core pillars of the developer experience
• Support for the latest platforms spanning the client, web, server, services and devices
• Targeted and simplified developer experiences for different application types
Parallelism is relevant to all of these. So in the .NET Framework 4.0, you'll find the Task Parallel Library at the heart of the Framework in mscorlib.dll. You'll find PLINQ sitting in System.Core.dll right alongside LINQ-to-Objects. And you'll find new coordination and synchronization data types spread across various DLLs, enabling not only your applications, but the .NET Framework itself.
We'll be diving into more details at the PDC, and we hope you'll join us for that. In the meantime, you can learn more about our plans for Visual Studio 2010 and the .NET Framework 4.0 in the most recent issue of MSDN Magazine:
Coding Tools: Improved Support For Parallelism In The Next Version Of Visual Studio.
Enjoy!
A deadly explosion at a military ammunition storage facility in Nevada during a training exercise Monday prompted the U.S. Marine Corps to issue a blanket suspension of 60-millimeter mortars and associated tubes pending a review of the accident.
Seven U.S. Marines were killed and several others were wounded Monday when a mortar exploded prematurely inside its firing tube during mountain training exercises at Hawthorne Army Depot in Nevada, and an eight Marine died Tuesday from injuries suffered in the blast. It's unclear what caused the malfunction.
The accident prompted the Marine Corps to immediately halt use of some mortar shells until an investigation can determine its safety.
The Corps on Tuesday announced a "blanket suspension of 60mm mortars and associated tubes" in effect until review of the incident at Hawthorne is complete.
The 60mm mortar is a weapon that traditionally requires three to four Marines to operate but it's common during training for others to observe nearby.
Eight men were taken to a medical center with injuries, such as penetrating trauma and fractures. One of them died, five were in serious condition, one was in fair condition and another was discharged, said Renown Regional Medical Center spokesman Mark Earnest.
The identities of those killed won't be released until 24 hours after their families are notified.
"We send our prayers and condolences to the families of Marines involved in this tragic incident," said the 2nd Marine Expeditionary Force commander, Maj. Gen. Raymond C. Fox. "We mourn their loss, and it is with heavy hearts we remember their courage and sacrifice."
The cause of the incident remains under investigation. The investigation will focus on whether the Marines followed procedures to properly fire the weapon, whether there was a malfunction in the firing device or in the explosive mortar itself, the official said.
Earlier, Russ Collier, an official at the facility, told KRNV-TV that the explosion was an accident unrelated to the ammunition that is stored at the military facility near the small desert community of Hawthorne.
The 147,000-acre depot, established in 1930, is about 140 miles southeast of Reno. The facility stores and disposes of ammunition, and provides long-term storage for industrial plant equipment. It's comprised of nearly 3,000 buildings — including igloos, supply warehouses and munitions sheds — throughout more than 230 square miles.
Since World War II, when the facility became the staging area for ammunition, bombs and rockets for the war, Hawthorne has held an important place in U.S. military history. The Nevada Division of Environmental Protection said the depot employed more than 5,500 people at its peak. Nevada was chosen for the location because of its remoteness in the wake of a crippling explosion at the government's main depot in New Jersey in the 1920s.
The facility had an operating budget of $270,000 and a payroll of $2.88 million in fiscal year 2009, according to its website.
Nevada's political leaders expressed their sympathy on Tuesday.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., gave his condolences to victims of the explosion during a morning speech on the Senate floor.
Nevada Republican Sen. Dean Heller tweeted, "Thoughts and prayers are with the families who lost a loved one in the Hawthorne Army Depot explosion. Grateful for their service."
"I am deeply saddened to hear of the incident at the Hawthorne Army Depot this morning," Republican Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval said in a statement. "The men and women who work and train there put service ahead of self each and every day. Kathleen and I wish to extend our deepest sympathies to those killed and their families. Our thoughts and prayers are with those who have been injured and we pray for their speedy recovery."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Tokyo, September 20, 2017 – The 45th Tokyo Motor Show* will be like no other before for Mitsubishi Motors – a true milestone event where the corporation will wave the flag under new circumstances to usher a new era of long term growth and sustainable development, returning to where it belongs to better embrace the future.
A beacon for this renewed ambition will be the world premiere of an all-new flagship concept car, the MITSUBISHI e-EVOLUTION CONCEPT .
This very high performance automobile will blend Mitsubishi Motors' signature 4WD and electric powertrain know-how with advanced Artificial Intelligence technology under a low slung aerodynamic SUV Coupe shape.
*…
The 45th Tokyo Motor Show 2017 will be open to the public from October 27th through November 5th with press days on October 25th and 26th, 2017 at Tokyo Big Sight exhibition center.
MMC has set up an English website with information about The 45th Tokyo Motor Show:
Incumbent broadband providers are pushing legislation that would restrict Georgia towns from building municipal broadband networks. Under the proposal, if a single home in a census tract has Internet access at speeds of 1.5Mbps or above, the town would be prohibited from offering broadband service to anyone in that tract.
State-level restrictions on municipal broadband networks are not a new idea. Last year the South Carolina legislature passed a similar proposal with the support of AT&T. North Carolina passed similar legislation in 2011. The idea has been shot down in Indiana and a number of other states.
Municipal broadband opponents tried and failed to ban towns from building broadband networks in Georgia last year. But their case wasn't helped when AT&T's CEO said in a conference call: "We're looking at rural America and asking, what's the broadband solution? We don't have one right now."
The case for local control
The argument against municipal broadband networks is straightforward: in a free-market economy, private companies, not the government, should build broadband networks. That argument makes sense in areas with healthy broadband competition. There's no reason for the government to get involved if the private sector is already getting the job done.
But many towns, especially in rural areas, aren't in this happy position. Many have only one option—usually the local telephone company—for residential service. Speeds may be slow, and with no local competition the incumbent has little incentive to invest in upgrades.
A town in that position might logically decide that the only way to get a modern network is to finance it itself. In recent years, medium-sized towns such as Lafayette, LA and Chattanooga, TN have decided to do just that.
People disagree about how well those experiments are working out, with some observers lauding these projects and others criticizing them. But this seems like a case where the conservative principle of local control should carry the day. If taxpayers in a particular Georgia town want to spend their tax dollars on a fiber network, that should be a decision for their local elected representatives to make.
Banning muni fiber only in areas that already have some service is less draconian than banning municipal networks state-wide, but it could still leave residents of certain areas stranded without service. The threshold the bill sets as the minimum acceptable broadband speed, 1.5Mbps, is even lower than the 4Mbps level the FCC defines as the minimum broadband speed. And obviously, the fact that some people in a census tract have service doesn't mean that everyone does.
Moreover, limiting which parts of town a municipal fiber network can serve might make it impossible for that town to cost-effectively reach under-served sections with broadband service. It's often more cost-effective to deploy fiber to an entire town than to deploy fiber selectively to only certain parts of town. The neighborhoods being served by an incumbent are likely to be the wealthiest and densest parts of town. Banning towns from deploying fiber to those parts of town may make it impossible to cover the fixed costs of a municipal fiber project.
There continues to be real uncertainty about the best model of broadband deployment. Google and Gig You're pioneering (mostly) privately financed approaches. Lafayette, Chattanooga, and other cities are experimenting with publicly financed networks. We could use more examples of both models to help understand which approach works better in the long run. If municipal networks turn out to be a disaster, as critics predict they will, then other towns will learn from the early adopters' mistakes and steer clear of them. But we won't learn anything if state legislatures shut down the experiments before they start.
Most people think that science and math and engineering are found everywhere, like soccer, but actually, they are regional practices, more like hurling or tossing the caber. In the map, countries are resized according to the number of scientific papers they produce. Population size plays a role, but average productivity matters more. Note that Singapore, with a population of 5 million, looks bigger than Indonesia, with 240 million people.
You might think that scientific productivity depends on science funding, rather than regional differences in talent. But you would be wrong. It depends to some extent on money, but it depends more on the distribution of talent. You can get a feel for the influence of money by comparing China or India and their diasporas in the West. You see far higher scientific productivity in those diaspora populations than in their homelands. Partly this is due to selective immigration, but much of it has to do with with economic (and cultural) differences).
Like the Chinese and Indians, some ethnic groups show mediocre results in their benighted homelands and better results in Western countries. On the other hand, other groups do poorly everywhere. People whose ancestors are from sub-Saharan Africa produce very few scientific papers – on average – no matter where they live. This is also the case (to a lesser extent) for mestizos from central and South America, for Filipinos and Malays, and most of the Indian castes. You don't see much out of the Middle East, either – although Armenians are an exception, and there may be others. Interestingly, Armenians were generally thought (by themselves and others) to be smarter than the average bear back in Byzantine times.
Generally the pattern is about what you would expect from the world distribution of IQ (note the correlation with latitude), coupled with the notion that science is generated by people out in the tail of the intelligence distribution. About 2% of a population with an average IQ of 100 scores above IQ above 130, about 0.1% above 145. For a population with an average of 85, only 0.1% will score above 130 – 20 times fewer. I am, for the moment, disregarding fat tails and some actual population differences in the standard deviation. The same thing is happening with the Ashkenazi Jews: a modest shift in mean (about 0.8 standard deviation above the European average) causes a big change in the fraction that exceeds a high threshold.
The officially approved theory in the US, and in most other Western countries, is that all these differences are environmentally caused and can be environmentally remedied. Of course no one has actually managed to do this, anywhere. In Malaysia, there is a similar-sized IQ gap (about 15 points) between the Chinese and the Malay majority, but their attitude is different: no one seems to think that anything can be done about it. They may be wrong….
Efforts to change this pattern can be fun to watch. I know of a mathematician who admitted to a feeling of guilt when his department repeatedly fulfilled its Hispanic affirmative action goals by hiring Ashkenazi Jews from Argentina.
You might suspect that the pattern would change if we raised the bar, looked at more extreme and important examples of scientific creativity, rather than counting every paper. It does. If you look at Nobel prizes in the sciences, or Fields medals, the differences become starker. Whole nations disappear. Single individuals outdo whole civilizations. The only noticeable deviation from the simple IQ-distribution pattern is somewhat lower-than-expected scientific productivity, at the highest levels, in northeast Asians. We will see if this persists as China modernizes.
Some of these patterns are clearer when you look at mathematics, since it doesn't require expensive facilities, and has a strong tradition of amateurism. At the limit, you can find people who never had any formal training in mathematics but somehow produced work of the highest quality, like Srinivasa Ramanujan or George Green. As far as I can tell, these amazing amateurs almost always originate from the same populations that produce large numbers of more conventional scientists.
Lastly, if we look at the demographics, it seems that every population that produces serious scientific players has sub-replacement fertility.
Advertisements
How many animators does it take to change a light bulb?
If it's a real light bulb, probably just one. If we're talking about a light bulb changing sequence being drawn up by the folks at Disney, it would likely take a village.
We didn't see any light bulbs being animated while visiting Walt Disney Animation Studios in Burbank last month, but we did see the Northern Lights in some enticing first footage of Disney's next animated wonder, "Frozen." And while the footage was certainly impressive, seeing how many artists it takes to bring such fantastical ideas to life was just as remarkable.
Along with a select group of journalists, we basically had the chance to go to animation school with some of the best in the business. Here's what we learned:
[Related: Dual Disney Princesses Face Off in New 'Frozen' Trailer]
1. The main theme of the film is "the power of love over fear," says co-director Jennifer Lee.
2. The film is inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's "The Snow Queen," but strays from the story while keeping "the essence of it," according to co-director Chris Buck.
3. They had an amazing ending early on, but they spent the next four years trying "to earn that ending," says Lee.
4. The goal is to make something that's "timeless yet timely," says Buck.
View photos
5. "Kristen Bell for Anna was the very first person that we saw. We did a lot of casting to find Anna, but she just hit it out of the park. From the beginning we loved her, and she just kind of became Anna and Anna became her. I don't know which one is which," says Buck
6. "What I love about [Bell] is that she just wanted to just push the boundaries of what we could do. She, like me, believes that girls can be funny," says Lee.
7. Olaf the snowman (Josh Gadd) isn't just funny, he's also got a "big role to play representing the innocent love in the scale of fear versus love," says Lee.
[Related: Josh Gad Talks Disney's ‘Frozen' and Being the Hottest Snowman Around]
8. The musical team behind "The Book of Mormon," Kristen and Robert Lopez, wrote original songs for "Frozen," but "the songs have to earn their way into the film," says producer Peter Del Vecho.
9. Rigging is "making our characters able to move," says Frank Hanner, character CG supervisor, "the process of rigging is we take that digital sculpture, and we start building the skeleton, the muscles, and we attach the skin to the character, and we also create a set of animation controls, which our animators use to push and pull the body around."
10. "In 'Frozen,' we ended up with 312 character rigs, which is more than we've built for any of our other Disney films. We also have 245 cloth rigs – that's 245 simulated costumes – which is far beyond the amount that we've created for all of our Disney films combined to this point," says Hanner
View photos
11. Elsa, the Snow Queen (Idina Menzel) is one of the most complex Disney characters ever, not just from an emotional standpoint, but also from a follicle focus. "The average human has about 100,000 hairs on their head. Lotta hair. Elsa has 420,000 hairs. So she has incredibly dense, incredibly thick hair. And just as another point of comparison, one of our last famous Disney leading ladies Rapunzel, only had 27,000 hairs," says Hanner.
Never mind the law-abiding Swedish citizens who are in need of a home. And it isn't just Swedish politicians who are forcing this excessive burden onto the backs of their citizens. Recently in Germany, a Muslim refugee from Syria with four wives and 23 children claimed $389,000 in a year in benefits.
Sweden continues its downward spiral as a nation. It is:
plagued with increasing levels of violence and criminal activity, with three police officers quitting each day, is experiencing chronic housing shortages as a result of the country's generous asylum and migration policies over the last decade.”
Yet despite the mayhem, and the fact that Sweden has reportedly become an exporter of jihad, according to a BBC report, Social Democratic Party councillor Helena Proos said: “We are in a tough position because there are very many people who are looking for housing, but we have an obligation to provide housing for newly arrived refugees.”
Though elected by Swedes, Proos apparently feels no “obligation” to protect Swedish citizens.
“Fury as migrants allowed to SKIP housing queue while Swedish families go without homes”, by Lizzie Stromme, UK Express, October 31, 2016:
Debate over asbestos diffusion heats up in Turkish capital Ankara
ANKARA
The debate over potential diffusion of asbestos into the air as part of the dismantling work for a decades-old factory in central Ankara, which is certified of bearing 350 tons of the carcinogenic material inside its building, is heating up, as professional chambers and Ankara Mayor Melih Gökçek make contradicting statements.Both the Ankara bureau of the Union of Chambers of Turkish Engineers and Architects' (TMMOB) and the Chamber of Chemical Engineers (KMO) said a quarantine area must immediately be declared around the factory, which contains asbestos, and applied to court for a halt to the dismantling process. However, the Mayor Gökçek denied the claims presented by the chambers.The TMMOB released air-based asbestos surface measurements that were conducted close to the factory and said amphibole, which is the most dangerous asbestos type, was determined to be at a dangerously high amount in the area.Noting that the report and accompanying visuals would be presented to the court, Tezcan Karakuş Candan, the head of the TMMOB's Ankara branch, said the area should be urgently placed under quarantine as the process of decontamination is carried out.The chamber also called on the Education Ministry to close all schools around the factory until the dismantling work is complete.The Ankara Municipality issued a statement saying it had taken widespread measures against the potential diffusion of asbestos into the air at the coal gas factory in the Maltepe neighborhood. It added that the dismantling works had begun in garage areas and a depot that do not contain asbestos.Ankara Mayor Gökçek previously said the operation was aimed at “preventing a problem for Ankara and a leakage that it might be subjected to.”Candan, however, criticized Gökçek for not taking enough precautions, while also calling on him to resign. He also said they would file complaints against the mayor for “intending to kill people.”He said asbestos had been spread all over Ankara by heavy machinery and earth-moving trucks leaving the factory, adding that asbestos fibers might also have entered closed spaces.“The Ankara Municipality started dismantling works in a building that includes 350 tons of asbestos. They are now trying to make a show of taking precautions after we brought the subject to the agenda. Gökçek says, ‘Don't believe in the words of provocateurs, we are taking precautions,' but we are acting in accordance with science,” Candan said, adding that workers in the area were also at risk.“There are no shower tools in the working area, there are just primitive containers. The workers are under threat. You can't get rid of asbestos with water. When it dries, poison will be spread. You have to back up your words with scientific data. Everyone living in that area is under threat,” he said.Gökçek has continued to reject the criticisms and claimed that “leftist companies” are behind the allegations.“They say that this [dismantling] should be done by experts. Our tender was one in which only specialized companies could enter. The firm that was most equipped took the tender and started the work. The research they have done is not correct. They have leftist firms in their hands and they probably made one of them do the research. Those companies write whatever they are told to,” Gökçek told daily Hürriyet on March 1.
By Matt Walker
Editor, Earth News
Marsh warblers are one of the species affected
Birds living around the site of the Chernobyl nuclear accident have 5% smaller brains, an effect directly linked to lingering background radiation. The finding comes from a study of 550 birds belonging to 48 different species living in the region, published in the journal PLoS One. Brain size was significantly smaller in yearlings compared with older birds. Smaller brain sizes are thought to be linked to reduced cognitive ability. The discovery was made by a team of researchers from Norway, France and the US led by Professor Timothy Mousseau from the University of South Carolina, US, and Dr Anders Moller from the University of Paris-Sud, France. Harmful legacy In April 1986, reactor number four at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant exploded. After the accident, traces of radioactive deposits were found in nearly every country in the northern hemisphere. An exclusion zone has since been set up around the site of the accident. However, scientists have been allowed inside to gauge the impact the radiation has had on the ecology of the region. Last year Prof Mousseau and Dr Moller published the results of the largest wildlife census of its kind conducted in Chernobyl - which revealed that mammals were declining in the exclusion zone surrounding the nuclear power plant. The scientists have studied the exclusion zone for more than a decade
Insect diversity has also fallen, and previously, the same researchers found a way to predict which species there were likely to be most severely damaged by radioactive contamination, by evaluating how often they renewed parts of their DNA. In their latest study, the scientists used mist nets to collect birds from eight woodland sites around Chernobyl, which have seen a decline in the numbers of larger animals and small invertebrates living within. After controlling for the differences between species, they found that the birds had brains 5% smaller on average compared with birds not exposed to background radiation. The effect was most pronounced in younger birds, particularly those less than a year old. That suggests that many bird embryos did not survive at all, due to the negative effects on their developing brain. Mechanism unclear Stressed birds are able to change the size of some of their organs in order to tough out difficult environmental conditions. For example, migrating birds that have travelled long distances often shrink certain organs as they use up energy. But the brain is the last organ to be sacrificed in this way, say the researchers. Chernobyl is largely human-free but still contaminated with radiation That suggests the background radiation could be having an even more pronounced effect on other organs within the birds. It is unclear exactly what mechanism is shrinking the birds' brains. High levels of background radiation cause animals oxidative stress, where they have to use antioxidants in their bodies to fight its ill effects. That leaves animals exposed to radiation severely depleted of antioxidants, and the reduced brain size may be a result of this depletion. Alternatively, radiation could cause developmental errors in the way the brain grows. However, if that were the case, the scientists say they would expect to see pronounced changes to the size and shape of other parts of the birds' bodies. Another possibility is that the birds are developing less well as there is less invertebrate prey for them to eat. But the scientists know of no example of the brains of a wild animal shrinking due to a lack of food.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After his UFC 208 co-headliner against former middleweight champion Anderson Silva, Derek Brunson didn't waste any time voicing his disappointment with the 29-28, 29-28 and 30-27 scorecards in his opponent's favor.
Now, according to a new statement, he's done talking about the subject. But first, Brunson (16-5 MMA, 7-3 UFC) had a message to those who think he should just “move on” from the controversial call that added a second loss to his skid and got Silva (34-8 MMA, 17-4 UFC) back in the winner's column for the first time since 2012.
“Leave your house unlocked and let someone come in and take whatever they want,” Brunson wrote. “Don't file a police report, move on cause it happened. Don't be a poor sport, people get robbed all the time. One more let your wife or gf have an affair, suck it up the same day cry baby it happens, stop bringing it up move it. I think you got my point by now.”
The heavily debated middleweight bout co-headlined Saturday's UFC 208 event at Barclays Center in Brooklyn N.Y., and it aired on pay-per-view following prelims on FS1 and UFC Fight Pass.
Brunson, whose title hopes could have taken a major step forward with a win over Silva, then penned a round-by-round breakdown of the scrap he's now watched twice. He said he only saw how the second one could possibly be given to the ex-champ. He also explained the reasons behind his cautious approach toward the former longtime champion.
“He's a high level striker, I did not fight scared or showed him too much respect,” Brunson wrote. “I've sparred and trained with top kick boxers and Jon Jones (former UFC light heavyweight champ) for years whoare the best fighter currently. But Anderson's counter striking is better than all. So I had to be patient otherwise he finishes you like others in the past.”
Before putting the subject to rest, Brunson, who's currently No. 9 in the latest USA TODAY Sports/MMAjunkie MMA middleweight rankings, responded with a “lol” to the popular “Never leave it to the judges” line that tends to follow unsatisfactory decisions in MMA.
“That's what judges are for,” Brunson said. “Otherwise make it a fight to finish or someone quits. Dumbest statement ever. 19 of 23 media outlets had me winning. Including Dana (White, UFC president) who said it on an interview FOX Sports after the fight Ariel Helwani, Damon and (Daniel) Cormier along with 85% of others. I clearly won 29-28, some may say 30-27 but for sure 29-28.
“I lost a win, money and a career defining win over a legend who I would've been honored to have. Don't ask me any more about the fight I'm done talking about it. On to the next!”
Check out Brunson's full post (via Facebook):
“UFC 208 in summary (probably a good read):
“To those who say move on. Leave your house unlocked and let someone come in and take whatever they want. Don't file a police report, move on cause it happened. Don't be a poor sport, people get robbed all the time. One more let your wife or gf have an affair, suck it up the same day cry baby it happens, stop bringing it up move it. I think you got my point by now. Fighting Anderson Silva was a signature and career defining moment that was stolen from me. I watched the fight twice today with a group of people. We scored the fight giving myself only the solid strikes I landed. We gave Anderson the strikes landed and the punches it looks like he landed.
“Round 1: I landed 39 kicks and punches to Anderson 8. We measured each other for 2 minute in the middle of the octagon, the next 2 minutes I threw fakes backing him up and had him against the cage where I dirty boxed. He then came forward the last 45 secs trying a flying knee in which I blocked and he landed on his back and I was on top of him getting off 2 punches. Clear round for me.
“Round 2: I landed 16 he landed 16 but I had a takedown. Only round I could see going to Anderson
“Round 3: I was the early aggressor landing jab leg kick and straight left uppercut hook when the round started because I could've seen it being 1-1. I landed 31 kicks and punches and got a takedown with 1:30 left. Anderson landed 18 strikes (7 was from his back where they don't usually count).
“In conclusion several say he defended takedowns, you do not get points for defending takedowns or punches. You only get credit for landing. He's a high level striker, I did not fight scared or showed him too much respect. I've sparred and trained with top kick boxers and Jon Jones for years whoare the best fighter currently. But Anderson's counter striking is better than all. So I had to be patient otherwise he finishes you like others in the past.Never leave to judge lol. That's what judges are for. Otherwise make it a fight to finish or someone quits. Dumbest statement ever. 19 of 23 media outlets had me winning. Including Dana who said it on an interview Fox Sports after the fight Ariel Helwani, Damon and Cormier along with 85% of others. I clearly won 29-28, some may say 30-27 but for sure 29-28. I lost a win , money and a career defining win over a legend who I would've been honored to have. Don't ask me any more about the fight I'm done talking about it. On to the next!”
For complete coverage UFC 208, check out the UFC Events section of the site.
In this week's Sunday paper, the Times of London doled out another interesting detail from their secretly recorded conversation with former Homeland Security Adviser Stephen Payne.
This week's story was not as explosive as the one two weeks ago, when the Houston energy consultant offered to arrange meetings with White House officials in exchange for big donations to the future George W. Bush presidential library fund.
The latest story said Payne talked about obtaining travel documents from the United Nations in exchange for money. That's a remarkable offer from a guy who sat on the Secure Borders and Open Doors Subcommittee of the Homeland Security Advisory Committee. (Until he was told to resign a couple weeks ago).
On video, Payne was in a London hotel restaurant talking to a Kazakh politician known as Eric Dos. Dos made a reference to a previous business deal with Payne when Payne allegedly obtained a United Nations “passport” for a Kazakh billionaire who used to head the state oil and gas company, KazMunaiGas, or KMG.
Dos introduced the subject of Payne having helped Kulibayev obtain a UN “passport”. Payne appeared to confirm his involvement, saying “Yeah yeah yeah, yeah.” Asked if this was possible Payne answered: “It can be done. It's a question of money, always. Everything is.” A source close to Payne said: “He didn't do this, but he knows who did. Kulibayev's firm paid for him to sit on a UN advisory commission and a friend of his on it got the document for him.” The “commission” referred to is the Energy Security Forum, a now defunct offshoot of the UN Economic Commission for Europe. Kulibayev was given a seat, courtesy of his position at KMG, from its inception in 2003, but never turned up to any of its meetings, said a spokesman.
The document referred to is not a formal passport but allows holders to travel internationally, according to the Times.
Sioux Falls Skyforce forward Josh Richardson had 22 first-half points to help his team to a 22-point first-half lead over Raptors 905 and the Skyforce carried the early momentum to a 119-105 win Thursday evening at Hershey Centre.
The Skyforce shot 60 percent in the first quarter and 58.7 percent through halftime to gain the early advantage. Sioux Falls led by as many as 27 points early in the third quarter before Raptors 905 mounted a modest comeback, getting the game back to within 12 late in the fourth quarter.
Richardson ended the night with a game-high 30 points and was joined in double digits on the Skyforce by Jarnell Stokes (26), DeAndre Liggins (18), Jabril Trawick (13), Tre Kelley (12) and Byron Mullens (10). Liggins added a game-high 10 rebounds for the only double-double on the evening.
Raptors 905 was led in points by Norman Powell (21), Scott Suggs (game-high 21 off the bench), Axel Toupane (NBA Development League career-high 20) and Delon Wright (15). Kelley and Wright shared the game high in assists with seven apiece.
Sioux Falls led Raptors 905 in field goal percentage (51.1-45.9), three point percentage (32.3-30.0), points in the paint (62-46) and second-chance points (16-11), while Raptors 905 led in free throw percentage (85.7-67.9) and fast-break points (14-12).
Rep. Bob Ballinger speaks on the House floor while presenting Senate amendments to his bill, House Bill 1228, on Tuesday afternoon. - Photo by Gavin Lesnick
Arkansas's Religion Freedom Restoration Act was approved by the state's House of Representatives on Tuesday in a final vote before it heads to Gov. Asa Hutchinson's desk.
Hutchinson has said repeatedly he will sign the measure into law despite opponents who have called it discriminatory and a backlash against similar legislation in Indiana that has that state's governor seeking to further clarify the law's scope.
The Arkansas House passed amendments in three separate votes: 68-19, 67-18 and 67-21, to HB1228 on Tuesday. The chamber previously approved the bill, sponsored by Rep. Bob Ballinger, R-Hindsville, but had to approve a new version with amendments added in the state Senate.
Rep. Camille Bennett, D-Lonoke, led a failed attempt to refer the bill back to committee, saying the Senate "hijacked" the bill by adding 68 lines to it.
Ballinger spoke against the amendment, saying that the legislation already "identically mirrors" federal law.
"The bill as is is an effective bill, is a good bill, is effective to pass," Ballinger said. "If you're going to refer it back to committee, it's to kill the bill."
That motion failed with 26 voting for and 62 voting against it.
Rep. Eddie Armstrong, D-North Little Rock, spoke against the third Senate amendment.
"Several members of our caucus and across party lines have vehemently tried to talk to Ballinger...and work with the governor's office to amend this bill, not to kill it but to make it plausible law," Armstrong said.
Several representatives, including Rep. Nate Bell, R-Mena, called for points of order during Armstrong's speech because they said he wasn't speaking just about the amendment.
Armstrong sat down after Rep. Justin Harris, R-West Fork, called for a point of order and said that Armstrong was "attacking" other representatives.
Supporters of the law say it provides needed religious protections. Opponents, including many who gathered at the state Capitol for a second day in a row to protest HB1228, counter that the bill enables discrimination against gay people.
The leaders of Apple, Yelp and Little Rock-based Acxiom have called on Hutchinson to veto the bill, and Wal-Mart has also expressed reservations about it. On Tuesday, Little Rock Mayor Mark Stodola sent a letter to Hutchinson asking him to veto it and a former Republican Speaker of the House of Representatives, Davy Carter, on Monday called on House members to vote against the bill.
Wal-Mart's CEO Doug McMillion released a statement via a company social media account saying that HB1228 "threatens to undermine the spirit of inclusion present throughout the state of Arkansas and does not reflect the values we proudly uphold."
Ballinger has said HB1228 will shift Arkansas to a strict scrutiny standard, which makes it more difficult to infringe on a person's religious rights. The bill also defines a person as associations, partnerships, corporations, religious institutions or other legal entities. Ballinger told House members when the legislation initially passed that chamber last month that it would require the government to have compelling interest and for it to take the least restrictive action to regulate a "legitimate, deeply-held religious belief."
See Wednesday's Arkansas Democrat-Gazette for full coverage.
A video featuring a young woman walking around in public in Saudi Arabia wearing a miniskirt and crop top may land her in prison, as it is a break from the country's conservative dress code adherence to Muslim traditions.
The woman, whose name reportedly is "Khluood," shared the video on the social media platform Snapchat, in which she can be seen walking around the historic Saudi fort of Ushayqir Heritage Village wearing a crop top and a skirt -- two items that have become commonplace in western societies.
Since the footage was released, many have voiced their anger towards her choice of apparel, calling for the woman to be arrested for defying the dress code of long, loose, all-black clothing. The site where the video was reportedly filmed is about 100 miles away from the conservative region of Najd, the home of the founder of Wahhabism, a form of Sunni Islam whose strict rules have devastated women's rights in Saudi Arabia and abroad.
The country's religious police force is now considering action against the woman for her violation of the public decency laws in Saudi Arabia, according to Newsweek. The conservative society in Saudi Arabia has fiercely condemned the model online.
Saudi writer Ibrahim al-Minayif wrote to his 41,000 followers, "Just like we call on people to respect the laws of countries they travel to, people must also respect the laws of this country."
Another Twitter user posted, "These are the demands of the ignorant liberal community: a broken woman, mixed cinema, song, and dance. This is their development! No health or education."
Many posts edited the photo to cover the woman's legs.
In contrast, many women have posted their support for Khluood.
One Twitter user made a comparison to the reactions of the Trump family's women and Khluood, claiming that although Melania and Ivanka were both modestly dressed, they ditched the headwear with little ridicule from Saudi conservatives while this woman experienced fierce backlash.
The investigation on the woman is still in progress, meaning she is still in danger of being imprisoned or worse, considering the commonality of human rights abuses in the oil-rich country.
That said, although this is a troubling situation, there is a bit of optimism to be had here when you take into account the number of women standing up in defense of Khluood, and freedom in general.
Thank you for supporting MRCTV! As a tax-deductible, charitable organization, we rely on the support of our readers to keep us running! Keep MRCTV going with your gift here!
We've already studied the rate of global warming in the GISS surface-temperature data and the two best-known satellite lower-troposphere data sets. We even removed approximations of the impact of exogenous factors (namely, the el Nino southern oscillation and volcanic eruptions) on the data, for a clearer comparison. Now that GISS, NCDC, and HadCRU have reported their year-end figures, let's repeat the exercise using all five major global temperature records: GISS, NCDC, HadCRUT3v, RSS, and UAH. Also, let's include another exogenous factor in our analysis: variations in solar output.
Just as before, we'll use MEI (multivariate el Nino index) to characterize el Nino, and the volcanic forcing data from Ammann et al. (2003) to characterize volcanic influence. Also as before, we'll allow for an annual cycle in the data (a residual annual cycle) by including a 2nd-order Fourier fit.
We'll characterize solar fluctuation by the international sunspot numbers. I selected sunspot numbers because most reconstructions of TSI (total solar irradiance) are annual values rather than monthly, and the satellite-based estimates of TSI don't start until about 1979 — but we'd like to fit surface-temperature data from 1975 to the present. So, we'll use sunspot numbers as a proxy for solar activity, and see whether or not the temperature time series show correlation with that index.
We'll also allow for a lag in the influence of el Nino, volcanic forcing, and sunspot numbers. For each of these exogenous variables, we'll try a range of lags (from 0 to 24 months for el Nino and volcanic, from 0 to 120 months for sunspot numbers) and use the lags which give the best fit.
First let's see what the data look like when they're not set on the same scale, or compensated for exogenous factors. Here are all 5 records (annual averages with trend lines) from 1975 to the present (the satellite records don't start until about 1979):
The GISS and NCDC data show 2010 tied for hottest year with 2005, while HadCRU, RSS, and UAH still have 1998 as the hottest year on record. The reason they're offset from each other is, of course, that they're all using a different baseline (i.e., a different “zero point” for temperature). After we remove the estimated influence of exogenous factors, we'll use the same baseline (1980.0 to 2010.0) for all 5 data sets.
If we estimate the global warming rate without accounting for exogenous factors, we get this (numbers in parenthese are 1-sigma standard errors in the final digits):
Data Set Rate (deg.C/yr) GISS 0.0176(23) NCDC 0.0171(20) HadCRU 0.0169(23) RSS 0.0163(41) UAH 0.0141(43)
All the rates are comparable, although the UAH lower-troposphere data give a noticeably slower warming rate than the others. Also, the satellite data sets (RSS and UAH) have larger standard errors than the surface-temperature data sets (GISS, NCDC, and HadCRU).
When we do a multiple regression of temperature on MEI, volcanic forcing, sunspot numbers, a linear time trend, and an annual cycle, the fits are quite impressive. Here, for example, is the result for GISS data:
[NOTE: in this graph, the thin black line is the GISS data while the thicker red line is the model based on el Nino, volcanic forcing, solar variation, a residual annual cycle, and a time trend.]
The multiple regression enables us to do two useful things. First, it gives us a direct estimate of the rate of linear time increase, i.e., the rate of global warming. The estimates are:
Data Set Rate (deg.C/yr) GISS 0.0172(13) NCDC 0.0172(10) HadCRU 0.0171(11) RSS 0.0183(13) UAH 0.0159(15)
Second, it enables us to remove the estimated impact of el Nino, volcanic eruptions, solar variation, and the residual annual cycle, leaving only the global warming trend and any remaining natural variation. This gives us an adjusted data set for each source. Here they are, for monthly data, for all five data sources:
We can also compute annual averages of the adjusted data sets, which shows just how strongly the different sources agree with each other:
One thing of note is that although the satellite lower-troposphere data indicate slower warming when using the raw data, when they're compensated for all three exogenous factors the RSS data shows the fastest rate of warming. This is primarily because the lower-troposphere data show a much stronger response to the exogenous factors than the surface-temperature records, and the exogenous factors are tending to reduce the estimated RSS trend — when these factors are removed, what remains are stronger warming in the RSS data set. Also, the trend in adjusted UAH data is similary higher than in the raw UAH data, but even with this increase the UAH data still show the least warming of all 5 data sets.
Also noteworthy is that when compensated for exogenous factors, the 3 surface-temperature records (GISS, NCDC, and HadCRU) indicate nearly identical warming rates since 1975.
Another interesting point is that in the adjusted data sets, all 5 sources have 2010 as the hottest year on record. In fact, 4 out of 5 (all but NCDC) also have 2009 as the 2nd-hottest year — quite the 1-2 punch. Of course all trends are statistically significant — strongly so. The conclusion is inescapable: the globe is warming, and shows absolutely no sign whatever of stopping or even slowing its warming. Any talk of “cooling” or even a “levelling off” of global warming over the last decade is absolute nonsense.
All 5 major global temperature indices are in oustanding agreement not only about the overall rate of warming, but about the year-to-year fluctuations as well.
The lower-troposphere data (both RSS and UAH) really do respond much more strongly to exogenous factors than surface temperature data. Their response to volcanic forcing is about 50% bigger, and their response to both el Nino and solar variations is just about twice as large as that of the surface temperature records. In fact, for the surface temperature data the response to solar variation is not quite statistically significant, but for lower-troposphere data the solar response is definitely significant.
To answer the question posed in the title of this post: presently, Earth is warming at about 1.7 deg.C per century. There's good reason to believe that it'll be warming even faster in the upcoming decades. And there's good reason to believe that this spells trouble for life on earth — including human life.
Update
A lot of good questions were posed in comments, so I'll try to answer some of them. If I don't respond to your individual question, please don't take it personally — life's too short.
Do you have graphs for the removed solar, volcanic, and el nino forcings? Are there any other regional patterns which can explain the rest of the short term variability?
Yes (see below), and I don't know.
… I'm rather more interested in the ‘best fit' magnitude and lag of the solar influence.
As the above graph shows, the peak-to-peak influence on surface temperature is about 0.07 deg.C, on lower-troposphere it's about 0.15 deg.C. Those are eyeball estimates of the “smoothed” values, the absolute range for solar influence is 0.08 deg.C surface, 0.18 deg.C lower-troposphere (but I suspect some of that fluctuation is just an artifact of the curve-fitting).
The lags were very small (which surprised me), only about 2 months for solar, but this analysis is really looking for rapid fluctuations so it seems that it's capturing the rapid response.
It would be nice to know more of the fitted parameters, such as lags and amplitudes for the exogenous factors. Does the temperature lag all the exogenous factors? Are the lags similar? If you estimate a conversion factor from sunspot number to total solar irradiance, you can estimate sensitivity of temperature to TSI for the fitted sunspot amplitude. Is it reasonable? People (Roy Spencer, for example) have included other multi-year indices in such fits and they have found that these can remove most of the linear trend. How do you justify including or excluding any particular index?
Best-fit lags are different for different data sets, but the lag for el Nino is 3 or 4 months surface, 5 months lower-troposphere. For solar, 2 months except GISS 3 months. For volcanic, 8 or 9 months surface, 3 or 5 months lower-troposphere. Hence the lower troposphere temperature responds sooner to volcanic eruptions, later to el Nino, and at about the same time to solar.
Just a rough guesstimate: the variation in TSI during a solar cycle is about 1 W/m^2, but correcting for geometry and albedo that's a variation in climate forcing of about 0.18 W/m^2. Since the surface response is about 0.07 deg.C, that indicates a sensitivity of about 0.39 deg.C/(W/m^2). In the lower troposphere the response is about 0.15 deg.C so the sensitivity is around 0.83 deg.C/(W/m^2). This is the prompt response, and is higher than the Stefan-Boltzmann response would be, so it appears there's some amplification of the prompt response to solar variation. But all this is, of course, tentative — based as it is on a statistical rather than physical model.
Oscillations don't create trends. Temperature increase is energy which, as we all know, doesn't appear from nothing. But of course with enough degrees of freedom you can model anything you want (including an elephant). Spencer's attribution of the trend is nothing but wishful thinking on his part.
Just curious – of the (apparent) peaks and troughs that are left how much of that variation could reasonably end up suffering the same fate of being legitimately attributed to specific climate processes and phenomena and end up subtracted in a similar way to this to reveal, undisguised, the underlying trend?
Again, I don't know. This is a question best posed to a genuine climate scientist. I will mention that whatever set of exogenous factors is included, there will always remain some unaccounted-for noise.
Still like to see the cross-validated version though!
All things come to him who waits.
What is the remaining rms difference between the different datasets there?
Just as an example, I took the difference between the adjusted GISS and adjusted RSS data. The r.m.s. difference in monthly data is 0.13 deg.C. The r.m.s. difference in annual averages is only 0.05 deg.C.
Advertisements
"At this point, it doesn't really matter if it is a good or bad movie," she said. "Now, it is about supporting our rights to view it."
James Franco and Seth Rogen in “The Interview.” (Photo: Columbia Pictures)
The controversial Hollywood comedy starring James Franco and Seth Rogen would likely have never seen the light of a projector in Nashville's hip, independent Belcourt Theatre.
Stephanie Silverman, the executive director of the theater, said the major commercial release of Sony Pictures' "The Interview," did not sound attractive and was not compatible with its art-house style.
But the little independent theater on Belcourt Avenue now hopes to be among the first to screen the film in a stand for freedom of expression.
"At this point, it doesn't really matter if it is a good or bad movie," she said. "Now, it is about supporting our rights to view it."
The film about a plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was scheduled for release Christmas Day.
The movie was deemed controversial by critics when early details were released that the film depicted the killing of a sitting world leader.
Publicity for the film resulted in a massive cyberattack on Sony Pictures, perpetrated by the North Korean government, according to an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The FBI said threats have also been aimed toward theaters that show the movie.
"We recognize that Sony has been handed a world of hurt in the last several weeks," Silverman said. "A lot of hard decisions had to be made. Our commercial theater counterparts also had to make really hard decisions with threats being made to audiences. What we are saying now is that it is important that the film be shown period because it is core to our values."
Silverman said the Belcourt Theatre is among a coalition of theaters across the country known as the Art House Convergence who have sent an open letter to Sony requesting to show the film.
"Your Art House motion picture colleagues wish to support you and your company," Russ Collins, Director of Art House Convergence wrote to Michael Lynton and Amy Pascal at Sony Pictures. "Circumstance has propelled THE INTERVIEW into a spotlight on values, both societal and artistic, and in honor of our support, we want to offer our help in a way that honors our long tradition of defending creative expression."
The statement can be viewed at the website www.arthouseconvergence.org.
Silverman said the Belcourt Theatre is a founding member of the Art House Convergence group.
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1AYVN05
A general view of court action as the weather closes in on day 3 of the FIVB Kish Island on February 17, 2016 in Kish Island, Iran. Getty Images The Bank for International Settlements — known as the central banks' central bank — is warning that there's a "gathering storm" in the global economy, in part caused by governments around the world running out of monetary-policy options.
In two separate notes published Sunday, BIS economists highlighted the fragile global economic backdrop and said negative interest rates could become a reality for many more countries as central banks search for ways to stoke real growth and battle issues like tumbling oil prices.
"The tension between the markets' tranquility and the underlying economic vulnerabilities had to be resolved at some point," BIS chief Claudio Borio said. "In the recent quarter, we may have been witnessing the beginning of its resolution."
"We may not be seeing isolated bolts from the blue, but the signs of a gathering storm that has been building for a long time."
In a report titled "Uneasy calm gives way to turbulence," Borio warns that 2016 is off to a terrible start that is really freaking out the central banks (emphasis ours):
The Federal Reserve's interest rate lift-off in December did little to disturb the uneasy calm that had reigned in financial markets in late 2015. But the new year had a turbulent start, featuring one of the worst stock market sell-offs since the financial crisis of 2008.
At first, markets focused on slowing growth in China and vulnerabilities in emerging market economies (EMEs) more broadly. Increased anxiety about global growth drove the price of oil and EME exchange rates sharply lower and fed a flight to safety into core bond markets. The turbulence spilled over to advanced economies (AEs), as flattening yield curves and widening credit spreads made investors ponder recessionary scenarios.
In a second phase, the deteriorating global backdrop and central bank actions nurtured market expectations of further reductions in interest rates and fuelled concerns over bank profitability. In late January, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) surprised markets with the introduction of negative interest rates, after the ECB had announced a possible review of its monetary policy stance and the Federal Reserve issued stress test guidance allowing for negative interest rates. On the back of poor bank earnings results, banks' equity prices fell well below the broader market, especially in Japan and the euro area. Credit spreads widened to a point where markets fretted about a first-time cancellation of coupon payments on contingent convertible bonds (CoCos) at major global banks.
Underlying some of the turbulence was market participants' growing concern over the dwindling options for policy support in the face of the weakening growth outlook. With fiscal space tight and structural policies largely dormant, central bank measures were seen to be approaching their limits.
The below chart from BIS neatly sums up just how bad 2016 is shaping up to be for the global economy.
BIS
The idea of "dwindling options" for central bankers is picked up by BIS economists Morten Linnemann Bech and Aytek Malkhozov, who look at the effects of negative-interest-rate policies adopted by central banks recently. Those policies, once seen as unthinkable, have been adopted as the armory of monetary-policy weapons gets sparser.
In a separate review titled "How have central banks implemented negative policy rates?" the two write:
Since mid-2014, four central banks in Europe have moved their policy rates into negative territory.
These unconventional moves were by and large implemented within existing operational frameworks. Yet the modalities of implementation have important implications for the costs of holding central bank reserves.
The experience so far suggests that modestly negative policy rates transmit through to money markets and other interest rates for the most part in the same way that positive rates do. A key exception is retail deposit rates, which have remained insulated so far, and some mortgage rates, which have perversely increased. Looking ahead, there is great uncertainty about the behaviour of individuals and institutions if rates were to decline further into negative territory or remain negative for a prolonged period.
Negative interest rates are intended to encourage borrowing, discourage upward pressure on currencies, and help trade.
A handful of countries has already said goodbye to ZIRP, or zero interest rate policies, and hello to NIRP, or negative interest rate policies. The goal of negative rates is to deter institutions from storing cash in banks and to flush that cash out into alternative investments, spurring the economy, growth, and inflation. BIS But while the Swedish government's massive experiment with negative interest rates seems to actually be doing what it's supposed to, according to the Riksbank monthly inflation report, released on February 18, negative rates are having a much broader impact around the world.
BIS My colleague Ben Moshinsky pointed out in his analysis, "Evidence that negative interest rates aren't working to stimulate global growth is getting hard to ignore."
Mark Carney, the Bank of England governor, warned at a G-20 meeting in Shanghai that while negative rates might be an attractive way for an individual country to weaken its currency and boost exports, the world economy would suffer as a whole.
They help to push economic activity around the globe, but do nothing to boost it.
The ‘new' Fiat 500 like its iconic predecessor, is showing remarkable disdain for the passage of time. The model has been on sale for over a decade, and while the equally ‘retro-inspired' new MINI has gone through three generations the Fiat 500 looks as fresh as it ever did.
The secret to the still fashionable Fiat's success is that customers don't need an all-new model for novelty. Instead, an extensive range of customising options mean you rarely see two 500s that look alike, and there's no sign that Fiat is giving up that selling point in the face of ever-fiercer competition from other fashion-focused city runabouts like the Alfa MiTo, Citroen C1, Renault Twingo, Smart ForTwo and Vauxhall Adam.
• Fiat to focus on 500 and Panda models
To be fair, there has been a relatively recent facelift for the model. Back in 2015 there were trim revisions and an infotainment upgrade, but exterior changes were limited to very minor styling tweaks. Still, you can't argue with the success of the Fiat 500 franchise which now extends to a range of variously related, but similarly styled sister models including the Fiat 500C convertible, Fiat 500L MPV and Fiat 500X crossover SUV.
The Fiat 500 for sale today comes in three main trim varieties called Pop, Pop Star and Lounge. These are supplemented with factory ‘special edition' models called the 500S, 500 Riva and 500 60th. (The latter celebrating the 60th anniversary of the original Fiat 500.)
Image 2 of 14 Image 2 of 14
Engines, performance and drive 3.8 3.8/5 Easy to drive and fun in the right conditions, but still lacks the refinement, slick controls and dynamic ability of the best city cars. MPG, CO2 and running costs 4.2 4.2/5 All engines are frugal enough on paper and the diesel is excellent in the real-world but you'll struggle to achieve good mpg in the Twinair petrols. Interior, design and technology 4.2 4.2/5 Retro-style in a small package. 2015 facelift brings some much-needed tech, but quality is still lacking in places. Practicality, comfort and boot space 3 3/5 The 500 might be much bigger than the original, but its still small by today's city car standards. Reliability and Safety 3 3/5 The 500 is still among the safest city cars, but Fiat as a brand still doesn't rank very well overall for reliability.
The Pop isn't completely basic but it's not far off, with electric windows and mirrors, steering wheel audio controls and steering wheel height adjustment adding a bit of appeal on top of 14-inch steel wheels and USB socket connectivity for radio. Pop Star spec brings 15-inch alloys, air conditioning and a split-fold rear seat, while the Lounge model has a fixed sun-roof, chrome exterior trim, parking sensors, cruise control and a 5-inch touchscreen radio with Bluetooth and DAB.
The 500S special edition is way more lavish with a 7-inch touchscreen, sports seats, graphite-finish alloy wheels, sporty body kit and fog lamps. The Riva adds special two-tone paint, bigger alloys, automatic climate control and a host of luxury cabin trim upgrades, while the 60th has a retro styling theme and gets a fabric folding roof.
The Fiat 500 is based on the platform of the Fiat Panda, but is only available as a three-door – unless you choose one of its aforementioned sister cars. Fiat 500 buyers can opt for petrol or diesel power, however, which is a choice most rivals don't offer.
On Jan. 12th a powerful 7.0 quake hit the impoverished nation of Haiti. There has been widespread major damage and a loss of life estimated to be between 45,000 to 50,000 (source: Red Cross). There are projections of 2-3M without shelter. Since then we have launched an appeal to focus on the long term reconstruction effort. In the first four days we've raised over $45,000 in individual giving and have pledges from a number of companies.
If you care about building Haiti back better, donate today.
Our Response
We primarily work in the reconstruction phase of post disaster situations and will be focused on transitional and permanent housing and community structures. We are partnering with AIDG, Yele Haiti and other local group by supplying them pro bono construction and design professionals, setting up community housing resource centers and support in the design and building of earthquake resistant structures.
Additionally we are producing french and creole versions of our rebuilding 101 manual (used heavily after Hurricane Katrina) and a earthquake resistant housing manual.
Our Current Reconstruction Plan – January 16, 2009
Right now the need is relief and recovery but very soon it will be long term reconstruction. Beyond the pre-existing issues with the building stock we need to think about upgrading and restoring in a sustainable manner. The NGOs focused on rebuilding need to be aware that in areas of great need structures are usually rebuilt in unsafe ways by well intention-ed volunteers.
Our long term reconstruction is a seven point plan;
1. Set up Community Resource Centers to bring architecture and building services to folks on the ground. See below for more details.
2. Translate and distribute of our Rebuilding 101 Manual.
The manual was originally developed after Hurricane Katrina and widely used in the rebuilding process.
3. Adapt, translate and distribute a Earthquake Resistant Housing Manual for local NGOs and community groups.
4. Provide Architectural and Construction professionals to develop and build community facilities inc. schools and medical centers
5. Train and Educate Incoming Volunteers in building safely and to emphasize the need for sustainable materials and construction techniques.
6. Complete the Youth Sports Facility and Disaster Recovery Center just north of Port au Prince that was developed in 2009.
7. Design, develop and implement community and civic structures for various clients and local community partners. This includes the reconstruction and building schools given the particular loss in structures.
Community Resource Centers
As have reviewed the damage we've assessed the greatest impact is to open community recovery centers – much like the ones we help develop after Hurricane Katrina. The two Katrina studios, supported by local partners and staffed with our building professionals, were integral in the housing of hundreds of families in East Biloxi, Mississippi and New Orleans, Louisiana. If there is to be a community led long term reconstruction initiative for Haiti, we need to do the same.
Three reasons this is important:
1) Aid organizations, especially local groups, will know where they can go to get professional design and construction services. We can serve not one organization doing one project, but many. When we get it setup, they know they can walk in any day at any time to get professional help. This will prevent a lot of shoddy construction. We can host training sessions in job site safety and in basic building. Make sure that these volunteers really do have the skills and knowledge they need to build safely in a seismic and hurricane zone. We can engage local officials and coordinate the services we and they provide better.
2) Volunteer professionals who want to come down for a week or a month or just a few days will have a place to check in and be helpful doing damage assessments, housing plans, etc. Architects and engineers partnering with NGOs will have a local place where they can touch down, understand the local building codes and conditions. They can design remotely and know that someone will be shepherding the project on the ground and assisting as they need it. At the same time the services will have some continuity and the community will have a place they know they can come for design and construction help.
3) All of the work produced in these centers are shared openly, under Creative Commons license, and distributed through the Open Architecture Network. By connecting with other NGOs and open sourcing construction documents we can influence many building programs in the region. We can leave a legacy of innovative locally appropriate solutions to protect from future disasters (inc. hurricanes and climate change)
Right now, we are mobilizing a team on the ground that can support the many volunteer orgs flooding into the area and take advantage of the volunteer spirit of the professional design and construction industry that want to get involved and help rebuild.
If you want to support transitional and the long term reconstruction of Haiti in a more sustainable way then please think about making a contribution.
Updates: All updates will on this page. Additionally we've created a project page for Reconstruction in Haiti on the Open Architecture Network.
Twitter: The Official Architecture for Humanity Twitter account is @archforhumanity and I've been doing on the ground updates at @casinclair – If you cannot contribute and want to support our appeal, please link to our site with your social network accounts and/or blogs.
Volunteering: In a few months we will organize a volunteer build for Yele but for now we request that you do not ‘go to Haiti' unless you are a registered member of an emergency services team. We will be doing transitional and long term reconstruction, much like our work after Hurricane Katrina. If you would like to offer design, engineering or construction services please sign up here.
Chapters: The San Juan Chapter will be the chapter lead on rebuilding initiatives. We are also talking with the Miami chapter in regards for coordinating efforts from the United States. If your chapter is hosting a fundraiser please let us know.
Advocacy
After being involved in post-disaster rebuilding initiatives – from Kosovo in 1999 to Cyclone Nargis, Burma in 2009, we've become a source of communication about building better after disaster. In the last few days we've been covered in the New York Times, The Telegraph, NPR and Time Magazine to name a few. We will continue to talk about the need for bringing in professional design and construction services so that in 10, 15 or 30 years time we are not in exactly the same scenario.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson is not happy with the CEO of Under Armour, Kevin Plank, for making pro-Trump comments, but says he's still sticking with the sports apparel company that manufactures clothing bearing his name.
Plank is a part of President Trump's American Manufacturing Council. After the group's meeting Tuesday, Plank said having "such a pro-business President is something that is a real asset for the country. People can really grab that opportunity.”
Johnson, who supported George W. Bush in 2000, wrote that he "appreciate[s] and welcome[s] the feedback" of his fans who both agree and disagree with Plank's comments, but wanted to personally put some distance between himself and the CEO's opinion.
DWAYNE JOHNSON IS THE WORLD'S HIGHEST-PAID ACTOR
"[Plank] inadvertently creat[ed] a situation where the personal political opinions of UA's partners and its employees were overshadowed by the comments of its CEO," Johnson wrote. "A good company is not solely defined by its CEO. A good company is not defined by the athlete or celebrity who partners with them."
Johnson, who promotes UA's Project Rock line, said that his responsibility was to "the thousands of workers who pour blood, sweat, and tears into making Under Armour strong. A diverse group of hardworking men and women who possess integrity, respect and compassion for one another and the world they live in. Debate is healthy. But in a time of widespread disagreement, so is loyalty. I feel an obligation to stand with this diverse team, the American and global workers, who are the beating heart and soul of Under Armour and the reason I chose to partner with them."
Johnson joins Under Armour Misty Copeland and basketball star Stephen Curry -- both of whom have contracts with Under Armour -- in criticizing Plank's comments.
FANS CALL OUR MISTY COPELAND FOR NEW PHOTO
Copeland wrote in an Instagram post she was so concerned about Plank's comments that she spoke to him directly.
Curry told them Mercury News on Wednesday that he "spent all day yesterday on the phone with countless people at Under Armour, countless people in Kevin Plank's camp, my team, trying to understand what was going on and where everybody stood on the issue."
The company issued a statement saying it engages in "policy, not politics."
None of the three athletes has severed ties with the company.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Of the beneficiaries of the Haryana Urban Development Authority's (HUDA) discretionary quota or direct allotment scheme, at least 44 gave the same address: 24, Akbar Road, New Delhi, the same as the Congress headquarters. Another six had as their address 10 Janpath — the residence of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.
Advertising
Many of them staff working at the two addresses, they were allotted residential plots, in Gurgaon and Faridabad, between the early-'80s and mid-'90s, and most have already sold these since. At the time, the Congress's Bhajan Lal was the chief minister of Haryana. A few got multiple allotments as well, shows HUDA's website.
HUDA is currently investigating all instances of multiple allotments to individuals under its preferential schemes, including under the discretionary quota, on the orders of the Punjab & Haryana High Court.
A senior HUDA official told The Indian Express: “The records to be scrutinised are quite voluminous. We shall submit a detailed report in court soon.”
Advertising
From an office clerk to a driver, staff at Congress headquarters ended up with plots ranging between 125 sq yards and 500 sq yards in size. A few had two or more plots allotted to them.
Some of these beneficiaries are now working in the offices of senior Congress leaders, including Ajay Maken, Digvijaya Singh, M L Vohra etc, all at 24, Akbar Road.
Chandan Singh Payal, an administrative officer at 24, Akbar Road, got two plots, in Gurgaon and Faridabad. Measuring 10 marlas each, the plots were allotted in April 1981 and October 1984. He has sold both. “I think I sold them in 1992. Not only I, there were many others who got many plots under the discretionary quota, almost all have sold them. The premium was not much at that time. I think I sold the plots at a profit of around Rs 35,000 each,” says Payal.
Another administrative officer, Tilak Raj, was allotted plots in both Faridabad's Sector 7 and 46, in June 1984 and May 1995. He has already taken voluntary retirement from service but is frequently seen at the AICC office.
Office superintendent N P V Nair got two plots in his name, in Faridabad and Gurgaon, in December 1981 and April 1986. He passed away a few years ago.
Other 24, Akbar Road, beneficiaries who are now dead include Rajgopalan, Hira Singh, Lalit Mohan, C B Upadhyay, Sugan Singh etc.
There are also instances of beneficiaries selling plots to HUDA's employees. Krishan Chand Jangra, who works in the despatch department at 24, Akbar Road, was allotted a 6 marla plot in Gurgaon's Sector 55 in October 1994. “I sold my plot sometime in 1999 to a woman who is an employee of HUDA. I even got intimation from HUDA office that the plot allotted to me has been transferred in the new owner's name. I sold it off for about Rs 3 lakh. Almost everybody who works at 24, Akbar Road, got plots at the time.”
Another such beneficiary, Bilochan Prasad Dhasmana, got a plot of 10 marlas in Faridabad's Sector 8 in April 1981. “I could not pay the instalments, thus disposed it of a few years later. I am retired now, but working on a contract basis.”
Of the six beneficiaries who gave their address as 10 Janpath, five were allotted 10-marla plots each in Gurgaon's Sector 10 A, and all on the same day — January 1, 1992. They include Abdul Jabbar, Madan Lal, Mahesh Parshad Kashyap, Ram Nath Sonar and Nawang Thoundup Sherpa.
Sources in the Congress confirmed at least three of the six had worked at 10 Janpath in the 1990s, while Kashyap is still employed there, all of them as helps. Those who worked in the early 1990s were Jabbar, Madan Lal and Sonar.
Advertising
Sherpa, sources added, had worked in the government hospitality wing at the Prime Minister's office. Sherpa is said to be dead.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16 -- New York Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo subpoenaed five Bank of America directors Wednesday as investigators prepare to file charges against the bank's senior executives in connection with its acquisition of Merrill Lynch, according to a source familiar with the investigation.
Investigators believe the five directors, among the 16 who were on the board as the deal was being discussed, have the most knowledge relevant to the inquiry, which focuses on whether Bank of America shareholders were misled about Merrill's financial condition and executive bonuses before voting last December to approve the deal. Cuomo plans to subpoena most, if not all, of the directors over the next several weeks, said the source, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing. Bank of America chief executive Kenneth D. Lewis has already testified.
Board members will be asked about whether the bank withheld material information from shareholders, including the $15 billion in additional losses at Merrill that were disclosed weeks after the merger, as well as the $3.6 billion in bonuses it paid to employees shortly before the deal closed. The directors will also be asked about their role in determining what information to disclose and the pressure the bank may have received from government officials in the weeks leading up to the merger, the source said.
"We will continue to cooperate with the attorney general's office as we maintain that there is no basis for charges against either the company or individual members of the management team," a Bank of America spokesman said in a statement.
Cuomo's probe is one of several investigations into Bank of America's acquisition of the troubled investment bank. The Securities and Exchange Commission had reached a $33 million settlement with Bank of America over accusations that the bank failed to adequately disclose Merrill's bonus plans. But a federal judge on Monday rejected the agreement, which would have allowed the company to settle the charges without admitting fault, saying that it would essentially force the cost of the case onto the bank's shareholders, the alleged victims in the case.
Bank of America agreed to buy Merrill Lynch in a hurried deal backed by the federal government during the worst of the financial crisis. Cuomo has criticized Merrill for "secretly" moving up its bonus payments to December, shortly before shareholders voted on the deal and a quarterly loss of $15 billion was disclosed.
A source close to the investigation said earlier this week that Cuomo's office is in the final stages of drawing up charges against senior Bank of America executives.
Kieli said: Uh....
Why in the world would they do that?
I mean, don't new games sell for more than used games? Why is GameStop decreasing its margins? Click to expand...
Actually, no one makes money off of new games. Like literally no one. The retail margins are pathetic.Also, GameStop took the new SKU for the game out of their computers long ago. They aren't keen on putting those back in. I worked there for 8 years and there are plenty of times we've ripped plastic off (well, were instructed to at least) because we were to sell new games as used.And unfortunately as others have stated, they can charge whatever they want for used games. Metroid Prime Trilogy and Xenoblade went for a far higher price before these reprints. Luckily they brought them back down. And luckily you can get discounts and promotions on used games (I think I bought my reprint for around $30 using a bunch of coupons during the first round of reprints).Right now it's at MSRP. Just no shrink wrap. Also I doubt they're ripping the shrink wrap off of these since it's their game to sell. They probably just never shrink wrapped the games in the first place.
PNN/ Jerusalem/
The Israeli District Planning and Building Committee in Jerusalem has deposited a plan for the construction of 770 new settlement units between the illegal settlement of Gilo and the West Bank village of Beit Jala.
The project will be facing the Cremisan monastery in Beit Jala, where protests took place against continuing building of the apartheid wall.
Chairman of the District Planning and Building Committee that approved the project, Meir Turgeman told Walla News that he will do whatever he can to “keep young people in the city.”
In the past month, Israeli prime minister Netanyahu, and minister of Army, Avigdor Lieberman, decided to move forward with the construction of 800 settlement units in Ma'ale Adumim and Jerusalem as a reaction to alleged Palestinian attacks, a move which was condemned internationally as a collective punishment.
Physicists are set to announce the latest results from the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), but what exactly is the Higgs boson, why do people call it the 'god particle' and what would its discovery mean for physics?
Named after Peter Higgs, an Edinburgh University physicist, the Higgs boson is crucial to understanding the origin of mass. Shortly after the big bang, it is thought that many particles had no mass, but became heavy later on thanks to the Higgs field. Any particles that interact with this field are given mass. The Higgs boson is the signature particle of the field.
What exactly is the Higgs field?
A theoretical, invisible energy field that stretches throughout the universe. It clings to fundamental particles wherever they are, dragging on them and making them heavy. Some particles find the field more "sticky" than others. Particles of light – photons – are oblivious to it. Other particles have to wade through it like an elephant in tar. So, in theory, particles can weigh nothing, but as soon as the field switched on shortly after the big bang, they got their mass.
Why do people call it the 'god particle'?
Its theistic nickname was coined by Nobel prizewinning physicist Leon Lederman, but Higgs himself is no fan of the label. "I find it embarrassing because, though I'm not a believer myself, I think it is the kind of misuse of terminology which I think might offend some people."
According to Higgs, it wasn't even Lederman's choice to call it the god particle: "He wanted to refer to it as that 'goddamn particle' and his editor wouldn't let him."
What would finding the Higgs boson mean for physics?
It would vindicate the so-called Standard Model of physics which envisages that the universe is made from 12 basic building blocks called fundamental particles and governed by four fundamental forces. The existence of the Higgs boson is predicted by the Standard Model but it has yet to be found by experiments. Even if the Higgs is discovered, the Standard Model does not explain everything.
You can read more about the menagerie of particles predicted by the Standard Model here.
How was the data collected?
The data comes from smashing protons together at very high energy in the Large Hadron Collider at the European particle laboratory, Cern. The collisions recreate conditions that have not existed in the universe since just after the big bang. The Astronomer Royal, Sir Martin Rees, put it like this: "the LHC will generate, in a microscopic region where beams of particles collide, a concentration of energy that has never been achieved before – a concentration that mimics, in microcosm, the conditions that prevailed in the universe during the first trillionth of a second after the big bang."
After each impact, giant detectors scour the subatomic wreckage looking for evidence of new physics.
I thought the LHC had broken down?
Engineers threw the switch to start up the LHC in September 2008 to global fanfare. All went well until it had to be shut down again 36 hours later. The incident – which led to a helium leak into the tunnel housing the superconductor ring – is thought to have been caused when a faulty electrical wire between two magnets was melted by the high current passing through it. Repairs and a new safety system cost an estimated £24m. The LHC was restarted in November 2009 and became the most powerful particle accelerator in the world later that month.
What else is the LHC looking for?
There's lots on the menu including supersymmetry (which predicts that every fundamental particle has an invisible, overweight twin), dark matter (which makes up around 25% of the matter in the universe but does not emit light or any other kind of radiation), extra dimensions and black holes.
The West Shore Parks and Recreation Society says it will be facing funding shortfalls of roughly $75,000. That number could be significantly more in 2018. (Kendra Wong/News Gazette staff)
There could be troubling times ahead for West Shore Parks and Recreation.
The West Shore Parks and Recreation Society, which manages the operation, said there has been a roughly eight per cent decline in revenue this year.
A number of factors have led to the decline, said board chair Ed Watson, including losing some residents to the new YMCA-YWCA of Vancouver Island facility in Westhills, which opened last year and has led to a decrease in net pool revenues of roughly $40,000.
The cancellation of the popular Rock the Shores Festival, due to lack of headliners, which was expected to bring in more than $30,000, and the wet spring interfering with golf also had an impact on the society.
“We continue to provide services which are either low cost or no cost. I think we served about 3,500 kids in summer programs this year that were free or at very little cost. Those are the sorts of things that usually private corporations or private competitors get involved in … and that's what's happening to us,” Watson said.
“We expect to get some of that revenue back but until things settle out a little bit, we're not sure exactly how that will affect us.”
West Shore Parks and Recreation is run by 15 board members who represent each of the five municipalities on the West Shore. Every year, the board puts forward an operating budget for the money required to run the facilities, which include the Juan de Fuca Recreation Centre, Centennial Centre, and The Q Centre, among other things.
RELATED: Langford pulls rank in West Shore Parks and Rec budget talks
Part of the decline in funds was the City of Langford's decision earlier this year to reject the proposed $5 million requisition for 2017. That rejection forced the society to operate again on the 2016 budget, which translates to a roughly $75,000 shortfall this year.
Mayor Stew Young said the City has been calling on the society to implement a different governance model for years – one that doesn't increase Langford's share year after year, since it already pays for recreation facilities both within the city and to the society, unlike the other municipalities that just pay into the society. Young acknowledged the shortfalls the society is facing, but said it should look at increasing the portion that the four other municipalities pay.
“Langford is paying astronomically more for recreation per capita than the other municipalities that are contributing to recreation,” he said. “We're saying we're not going to continue to pay at that high level when nobody else is paying the excess …We're just trying to get a bit of fairness in it.”
For now, Watson said the department will “make ends meet” this year, however, next year will be a different story. Unless something can be done to increase revenues, Watson expects the department will face several thousands of dollars in shortfalls in 2018.
The society is not looking at cutting services at this time, but will have to look at potentially reducing facility maintenance next year and into the future.
“Basically it's like a homeowner who doesn't want to fix his roof because he has to use his money to buy food. It's really an issue of income and eventually your infrastructure is going to suffer,” Watson said.
“There are all kinds of things in that facility that make it, in my view, the best of its kind in British Columbia. But in order to keep it at that level we need to spend some money to keep it up … we're going to have to make some pretty hard decisions in 2018.”
kendra.wong@goldstreamgazette.com
The following intelligence report on an unusual German remote-controlled machine-gun position encountered by U.S. troops in Normandy was published in the Intelligence Bulletin, Vol. III, No. 4, December 1944.
GERMAN MACHINE-GUN TRICK
A U.S. staff sergeant, who served as an observer for a mortar section in the Normandy campaign, reports an unusual German method of firing a machine gun by remote control. Although this method has not been reported by other U.S. soldiers, and although no concrete evidence as to its effectiveness can be presented, the idea is noted here for what it may be worth as a sample of the German soldier's ingenuity.
The sergeant tells of inspecting a captured German machine-gun emplacement, which had been prepared in the highly novel manner illustrated in the figure. A rope had been attached to the butt end of the gun. This rope ran through pulleys set up on each side of the rear of the gun, so that movement of the rope would aim the gun in any lateral direction. The gun then was zeroed at certain positions in the field of fire, and these positions were marked by knots in the rope. Thus the gunner could aim the gun, and, by moving the rope back and forth, spray an area with bullets from a position out of the line of fire when the gun was attacked. The gun was fired by a trigger-and-cord arrangement not shown in the original field sketches.
The German machine-gun crew consisted of a gunner and two or three riflemen who served as observers and who reported to the gunner the particular point on the which the gun should be trained.
At the currently ongoing Tokyo Game Show event, trade body CESA -- the Japanese Computer Entertainment Supplier�s Association, which functions much like the ESA does in the U.S. -- handed out its Japan Game Awards, as it does every year.The games honored are a variety of popular titles -- some of which are little-known in the West and a couple of which come from Western developers.The dual winners of the Grand Award were Capcom'sand Level-5's, both of which are major commercial successes in the territory (and both of which are for the Nintendo 3DS, coincidentally -- more on's sales here .)According to CESA's English press release, both won the award because they have successfully crossed over, culturally speaking:appeals to a "wide range of users from the conventional core fans to the new users who played this game for the first time," whilehas moved "beyond a game industry and presenting a new entertainment format in which parents can enjoy with kids."A number of games got the "Award for Excellence," includingand, Puzzle & Dragons Z, Super Mario 3D World, The Last of Us, and the two aforementioned titles.Of those, the likely mystery is, which is a browser-based collectible card game very popular in Japan., a downloadable 3DS game from Game Freak, developers of thefranchise, got the "special award," anditself was also rewarded with both the Global Award Japanese Product and Best Sales Award.got the Global Award Foreign Product.CESA says that it bestows its awards based on a variety of criteria, including technical, design, and artistic merits as well as player feedback. The full comments on all the games that got awards can be read in CESA's press release.For more on whyis such a success, check out this interview with Akihiro Hino, president of developer Level-5.
Bill Polian has been elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame as part of the Class of 2015.
He made it into the class as a contributor nominee. Ron Wolf, the architect of Super Bowl winners in Oakland and Green Bay, was also a contributor nominee this year; he was elected, along with senior nominee Mick Tinglehoff and modern-era players Jerome Bettis, Tim Brown, Charles Haley, the late Junior Seau, and Will Shields.
You're likely well aware that Polian, now 72, was the general manager of the Buffalo Bills when the team was built into a perennial winner that ultimately made four Super Bowl appearances (though he had departed the organization by the time they played in the fourth of those). He is responsible for acquiring some of the most talented players in Bills history, many of which now stand alongside Polian in the Hall.
After working with the Bills from 1984-93, he took the reins with the expansion Carolina Panthers, where he worked from 1994-97 and guided them to the NFC Championship Game in just their second year of existence. Those four years yielded him the titles of President and GM with the Indianapolis Colts, where he began working immediately following his departure from Carolina.
In Indy, after drafting future Hall member Peyton Manning and several other greats, Polian would win his first Super Bowl in 2006. The Colts had some postseason struggles on his watch, but made a whopping 11 playoff appearances in his time there, as well - and that team will likely have several more Hall of Fame members to add to Polian's draft record, as well.
Polian becomes the eleventh former member of the Bills organization in the Hall of Fame, joining, among others, late team owner Ralph C. Wilson, Jr., head coach Marv Levy, and five players that were on Polian's Super Bowl teams: quarterback Jim Kelly, running back Thurman Thomas, wide receivers Andre Reed and James Lofton, and defensive end Bruce Smith.
X-Men: Apocalypse Shows Off Massive Egyptian Sets By Adam Holmes Random Article Blend X-Men: Apocalypse crew hunkered down and built Egyptian sets from scratch, and you can see just how massive they are in the picture below.
This takes me back to #raidersofthelostark #notallgreenscreen #xmen #xmenapocalypse A photo posted by Bryan Singer (@bryanjaysinger) on Jul 27, 2015 at 10:08am PDT
Dirctor Bryan Singer posted these Raiders of the Lost Ark), concept art from earlier in the month showed X-Men: Apocalypse has been shot using more practical methods, whether it's offsite filming at a mall and forest, or building a frantically shaking
Moviegoers first saw the young Apocalypse using his telekinetic powers to build the pyramids in the X-Men: Days of Future Past post-credits scene as a crowd of worshippers chanted his original name: En Sabah Nur. Although we know he is one of the first cases of Homo Superior, people from that time period understandably thought he was a god, a belief that he still carries about himself. Another piece of concept art from earlier in the year showed a silhouetted figure looking at what looked like an
After resting for millennia, Apocalypse awakens in 1983, and, after being disappointed by how chaotic and violent the world is, he gathers
Just like in the comics, next year's X-Men film villain, Apocalypse , hails from Egypt, where he was considered to be the first mutant over 5,000 years ago. Rather than green screen this environment, thecrew hunkered down and built Egyptian sets from scratch, and you can see just how massive they are in the picture below.Dirctor Bryan Singer posted this Instagram photo of himself standing in the 2016's blockbuster's mamoth set and peering up at a statue of Anubis, the Egyptian god of the afterlife. Although Singer didn't provide any additional information for this picture (other than that it reminds him of), concept art from earlier in the month showed Apocalypse's tomb being broken into, so presumably this is the eponymous villain's resting place. As the director's hashtag #notallgreenscreen notes, much ofhas been shot using more practical methods, whether it's offsite filming at a mall and forest, or building a frantically shaking "motion base." Moviegoers first saw the young Apocalypse using his telekinetic powers to build the pyramids in thepost-credits scene as a crowd of worshippers chanted his original name: En Sabah Nur. Although we know he is one of the first cases of Homo Superior, people from that time period understandably thought he was a god, a belief that he still carries about himself. Another piece of concept art from earlier in the year showed a silhouetted figure looking at what looked like an extraterrestrial spacecraft . Considering that a young En Sabah Nur found an abandoned alien ship in the comics, which is where he got much of his advanced technology, this could mean we'll see flashbacks to his time in ancient Egypt during the film.After resting for millennia, Apocalypse awakens in 1983, and, after being disappointed by how chaotic and violent the world is, he gathers followers to his cause (including Magneto, Psylocke, Storm, and Angel) to help him remake society in his own image. His goal: to create a world where the strong thrive and the weak are cast aside, regardless of if they're human or mutant. It will be up to the X-Men, both young and old, to stop their fellow mutants from ushering in the Age of Apocalypse…though don't expect any alternate universe shenanigans like the comic book of the same name. X-Men: Apocalypse hits theaters on May 27, 2016. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
J.J. Abrams is a producer on Mission: Impossible, and as the new film in that franchise hits theaters he's been out doing the standard promo push. Some questions are naturally being lobbed his way about the sequel to his 2009-Star Trek revival. The new Trek film should shoot early next year and has been adding cast members as rumors swirl about whom the villain will be, and what actor might play the role.
We don't have any new info on that side of things, but Abrams is talking about some other aspects of the movie. One is that he'll shoot the movie on film and post-convert to 3D, and another report says that there won't be any more appearances from classic Star Trek cast members.
Speaking to MTV, Abrams said the film will be a 3D post-conversion:
We're shooting on film, 2-D, and then we'll do a good high-end conversion like the ‘Harry Potter' movie and all that. Luckily, with our release date now we have the months needed to do it right because if you rush it, it never looks good…. We were talking about [shooting in IMAX] and I would love to do it. IMAX is my favorite format; I'm a huge fan.
The IMAX angle was the first thing I thought about when reading that he wants to shoot on film; some Mission: Impossible-style action scenes shot in IMAX would be a great bonus in the new Trek. I'm less wild about the idea of post-converted 3D, however; if the film is going to be released in that format I'd much rather see it shot natively in 3D.
The report about classic cast members being out of the running for inclusion in the sequel is less directly sourced. That comes from Roger Friedman, who quotes “sources close the next film” saying that no original Star Trek cast member has been invited to participate in the sequel.
That could change, but at this point moving forward seems like a good idea. Leonard Nimoy's Spock was a good way to link the new films to the old, but with that connection established, appearances from other classic cast members might be more distracting than anything else. (There's always the possibility that cast members from later Trek shows could show up, but I wouldn't expect that, either.)
We'll probably have a much better idea how that casting has (or hasn't) gone by the time the film opens on May 17, 2013. Not even J.J. Abrams can keep all of Trek's secrets until then.
I returned to a long strand,
the hammered curve of a bay,
and found only the secular
powers of the Atlantic thundering.
I faced the unmagical
invitations of Iceland,
the pathetic colonies
of Greenland, and suddenly
those fabulous raiders,
those lying in Orkney and Dublin
measured against
their long swords rusting,
those in the solid
belly of stone ships,
those hacked and glinting
in the gravel of thawed streams
were ocean-deafened voices
warning me, lifted again
in violence and epiphany.
The longship's swimming tongue
was buoyant with hindsight—
it said Thor's hammer swung
to geography and trade,
thick-witted couplings and revenges,
the hatreds and behind-backs
of the althing, lies and women,
exhaustions nominated peace,
memory incubating the spilled blood.
It said, ‘Lie down
in the word-hoard, burrow
the coil and gleam
of your furrowed brain.
Compose in darkness.
Expect aurora borealis
in the long foray
but no cascade of light.
Keep your eye clear
as the bleb of the icicle,
trust the feel of what nubbed treasure
your hands have known.'
Kingdom Come: Deliverance is a game that promises the moon and seems to be making progress to deliver on it. It's a game that seeks not to bury itself in fantasy tropes and clichés but instead to create a realistic depiction of the medieval world using real life events to inspire it with an open world, open narrative design.
Kingdom Come: Deliverance was taken to Kickstarter in the winter of 2014 and funded for over 1 million euro at the time. Continuing to pick funds, as of today it was over 2 million euro and achieving more stretch goals on occasion – relatively recently adding Motion Capture to the game in full. Its developer has been previously interviewed by TechRaptor and there has been some controversy around the fact that some game websites have not covered it.
The game takes the idea of an open world, open narrative approach that is seen in some fantasy games in the rpg genre (such as the Elder Scrolls series) and ditches the fantasy. Instead, set in the 1400s Europe it aims heavily at simulation in many aspects from how its world lives, to how fighting happens, the landscape and everything else. The story is in fact based on real events of that time period, though it seems unlikely that it's going to be chained to those events beyond using it as inspiration and set up.
The game is fully voice acted and features branching dialogues that are every bit as important and sensitive as combat. It is timed as you have to react and pay attention to what is going on around you, and people will remember and judge based on what you say. This isn't a game where you just click every dialogue option just because you can regardless of sense, instead how you do it and what you've done before impact it.
The game features a heavy full blown RPG stats (strength, speed, agility, vitality, speech), conditions (stamina, hunger, health, sleep), Skills (Swordsmanship, Archery, Alchemy, among others), and Perks (special moves, crafting formula or advantages). Conditions change based on what you've done – stats and skills improve as you use them.
The game is dedicated to its simulation approach. While many games aim abstractly at many points one of the major selling points of Kingdom Come: Deliverance is its basis in simulation of reality. You get better at things as you do them. The clothes you wear (and condition they are in) effects how people react towards you and what their opinion is. Eating and Sleeping are not for healing in this game but instead something that you have to do as part of surviving on a day-to-day basis. If you go without food, you get hungry and your abilities will take penalties as appropriate.
Its combat in style seems likely best compared to the Gothic series (not Gothic 4 – Gothics 1-3) where fighting multiple enemies is often a death request. Where combat was deadly and fighting something you did carefully with intelligence, as well as a mixture of player and character skill. How large it will be in things like sieges and full out war style battles is unknown at this time but it's hard not to think of Mount and Blade as one of the other close ones to it when looking at those screenshots.
The Early Access which begins today is only a very early alpha. There is only one village and combat isn't being released as much of it is still being tested and incorporating motion capture. There will be no horse riding or numerous other features yet as its early in development. Instead in this village there will be a few quests that you can do and get a feel for part of the game. Warhorse studios have said that every month or two they will release an update with mechanics they've added in, and increase the region it's in. As it approaches beta it will likely go into a more formal Early Access state, but for now only backers will be able to play test the mechanics.
Their site is being updated today so it may be down but you can visit it at: http://kingdomcomerpg.com/
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
When it comes to built-in apps, Sony only gave a slim suite to the PSVita. Thanks to VitaHEX, the creators of Pro Camera Vita amongst other homebrew, we now have a simple “Notes”/”Memo” app for our PSVita!
What's Notepad Vita?
As the title suggests, it's a note-taking application for the Playstation Vita and PSTV (although I doubt that you'll be using your PSTV to take notes!). It has various features such as:
A clean two-panel interface that's reminiscent of the “Notes” application on iPads from iOS 3.2-6.1.3. On the left hand side you have a list of your notes (their filenames actually) and on the right, you can read the actual note.
The ability to easily export/import notes to another device since they're in TXT format. Notes are saved in ux0:data/NotesHEX/
On-screen directions for easier navigating the homebrew.
Scrolling through notes and of course, multi-line notes.
While it's a great note app, there are some areas in which I'd like to see improvement.
Firstly, I wish to see a way to rename your notes in the application itself to make it easier to sort your notes; a feature in which the name of the note is the first word of the note would also work. Secondly, a word-wrapping feature would also be appreciated as long sentences aren't readable in the actual note viewer as they run off-screen.There's also a bug in which you get sent back to the first note when you edit a note.
When you edit a note, you get the normal PSVita text editor as shown in the screenshot which means that you could easily change keyboards.
Conclusion
Notepad Vita does a pretty decent job at being a great notes app to take down something in a hurry so I would recommend you put it on your PSVita but hopefully, the improvements I've mentioned above get implemented soon. To get this homebrew, you can download it via VitaDB (so you can directly install it onto your Vita via VitaDB) or you can get the VPK from the link below. If you have any issues, report them to VitaHEX on Patreon or Twitter.
Download link (+ more information): http://wololo.net/talk/viewtopic.php?f=116&t=48500
One Nation adviser James Ashby moments before yelling at the media. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen Not even as he declared he respected "the Jews" when questioned over whether he thought international bankers were pushing for global control through environmentalism, and his appearance on the anti-Semitic website "Jew World Order" to discuss climate theories. He denied ever linking religion to banks. "I respect and admire the Jews," he said. Not even as he listed claims most often found on websites using '90s typefaces and MS Paint to make their points, while flanked by a widely-debunked birther, who used a pseudonym to attack NASA's climate science, and a retired geography professor who believes "The Club of Rome" think-tank is to blame for helping to promote the "greatest deception in history". "I have never used the word 'conspiracy' - the people who are using the word 'conspiracy' are people like you and it is quite often used to denigrate, because the facts are clear," he said.
Senator Malcolm Roberts during a recent press conference, attacking CSIRO. Credit:Andrew Meares "This is a trillion-dollar industry we are facing down, my friend, a trillion-dollar industry. "The major banks, themselves, have raised that very fact. And by the way, the chief executive of the CSIRO up until 2014 was on the advisory board of the Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Rothschild Australia Bank and they, and they, have said that they will be seeking to be making trillions of dollars' profit from this scam on carbon dioxide trading certificates. "Al Gore, his company, was one of the members of the Chicago climate exchange. Maurice Strong, the criminal who died overseas in China, he was a member of the Chicago Climate Exchange. Goldman Sachs was a member of the Chicago Climate Exchange, Barack Obama through the Joyce foundation has connections with that. "These are facts. You want to use the C-word, you go right for it."
These are facts. You want to use the C-word, you go right for it Like a frenzied evangelical preacher at an exorcism, convinced the power of "lack of empirical evidence" will compel you, Senator Roberts seized his moment in the spotlight. He was unable to hide his glee as the cameras moved closer, even as he hunted for a glass of water he placed his CSIRO investigation report over, obscuring it from view. He had to ask a staffer to point him in the direction of the water glass, hidden as it was on the table to his side, right under the report. Because Senator Roberts only sees what he wants to see. The cameras. The "experts" he believes lend credence to his arguments. The comments from supporters he believes are indicative of the majority of Australians. And most of all, that he has finally been given the platform which shows he was right all along.
It was there in the flash of a smile as the cameras clicked. And it was there as he packed up and left the press conference abruptly when the questions didn't go his way. Senator Roberts may not want to use the "C-word" as it pertains to his "facts", but he is more than happy to weld another from his position on the crossbench in a delicate Senate. Control. He thinks he has it. And that may be the most dangerous belief of all.
CLASSIC TV game show The Crystal Maze is returning after 21 years.
The problem-solving favourite, which ran from 1990 to 1995, will be revived for a big-budget celebrity special on Channel 4 in October.
5 Shivering with anticipation . . . O'Brien on set of original show
A full series will follow if it is a ratings success.
Bosses hope to lure former Doctor Who David Tennant, 45, as host, following in the footsteps of Rocky Horror Show creator Richard O'Brien, 74, and Ed Tudor-Pole, 60.
A TV insider said: “Even two decades after it last aired, there are very few shows that have been as magical and action-packed as The Crystal Maze. It is still remembered extremely fondly today.
5 Who's that then . . . former Dr Who star David Tennant is being lined up to host show
“Channel 4 are hoping to tap into that nostalgia and believe viewers will jump at the chance to finally take on the show's adventurous challenges themselves.”
READ MORE: As The Crystal Maze returns here's a look at the best bits from the 1990s TV series
At its height, The Crystal Maze was the most popular programme on Channel 4, regularly drawing in between four and six million viewers.
O'Brien presented it from its launch until 1993 when punk rocker Tudor-Pole took over.
5 If the ratings are high enough, bosses hope to make a new full series of the problem-solving show
5 Contestants raced in teams against the clock around themed zones where they competed in tense challenges
RELATED STORIES Broad line-up Sir Lenny Henry to join Olivia Colman and David Tennant for ITV crime drama Broadchurch Broadchurch 3 Starts Filming David Tennant and Olivia Colman reprise their roles for third and final series Exclusive not just for christmas Fan favourite Matt Lucas set to return to Doctor Who for new series Exclusive new queen vic How Doctor Who star Jenna Coleman went from soap lesbian and stripping off in BBC drama to acting royalty 'Welcome back!' Fans sent into a frenzy as Bradley Walsh's The Chase returns to TV after summer break 'QUEEN OF PLAYING A QUEEN' Fans heap praise on TV beauty Jenna Coleman as she impresses playing Victoria Exclusive slim sam is superfan Joe Wicks reveals all about his new TV show and his secret fan Sam Smith who loves hunky coach's tips
Rex Features 5 Much loved . . . O'Brien with crystal on show
Teams of competitors raced around the largest set on TV, visiting elaborately-themed time and space zones to take part in tense challenges and win crystals.
The celebrity special will air during Channel 4's Stand Up To Cancer charity programming.
On Wednesday 13 June 2012, an unknown error caused the removal of several zone files from the configuration of our reverse DNS provisioning system. Following up from the initial report published on RIPE Labs, we further analysed what caused the incident and implemented a number of procedures to decrease the likelihood of this happening in the future.
Due to a combination of human error, software failure and procedural faults, this incident had an impact on reverse DNS resolution for a large number of delegations. For details, please refer to the previous report on RIPE Labs: Timeline of Reverse DNS Events .
Root cause of incident not found
Despite a thorough analysis of this incident we could not find an explanation for the root cause (the removal of the zones). A potential correlation with a BIND upgrade, earlier on the same day, was investigated in depth, together with the supplier. However, we could not find any evidence that this caused the incident. It is very unsatisfying that we still don't know what caused this event. Therefore we are working to install more logging mechanisms, including logging of command-line activities (comparable to an in-flight "black box"). Obviously, we will do this step by step and with due consideration of security aspects.
Technical and procedural enhancements
As reported earlier, zone files from DNS provisioning system were missing from the backup scheme. This error had been overlooked in a previous transition of the backup configuration. In order to prevent this from happening again, we introduced a number of procedural enhancements such as establishing a process to regularly review the availability and usability of backup files for all systems and re-enforcing the four-eyes principle for any major changes, especially for any non-routine events.
We also realised that the provisioning system took too long to complete a cold start, and Early Registration Transers ( ERX ) delegations took even longer, because raw information of ERX zones was not tailored for the use of cold-start provisioning. We are now building a 'lean' provisioning system for cold-start scenarios, including ERX delegations. We also changed the mechanism for creating and distributing files at a cold start of the provisioning software, i.e. no incremental zone updates.
Communications
This incident also showed us that we need to be reachable at all times and not just through email. In November, we launched the RIPE NCC Technical Emergency Hotline. In addition to that, we improved our critical incident communication procedures to ensure that the community receives immediate and regular updates when an incident occurs, even if it's just to report that something's happened and we're investigating. In the event of a serious outage or security incident, we email the RIPE community and RIPE NCC members, update the Service Announcements page on www.ripe.net , post a news announcement on the front page and spread the word on our social media platforms (@RIPE_NCC on Twitter, facebook.com/RIPENCC and the RIPE community group on LinkedIn).
Summary
The reverse DNS incident that took place on 13 June exposed a number of gaps in our procedures, as well as some faults in our software. Even though it is unsatisfying that we could not identify the root cause, we learned from this incident and included additional checks and safety measures and improved our communication procedures. We will continue our policy of openness about such incidents, because we feel that it is appreciated by the community.
WASHINGTON — Benjamin Netanyahu has high hopes for the relationship between the United States and Israel as long as Donald Trump is president.
President Trump and the prime minister of Israel held a joint news conference at the White House on Wednesday ahead of an afternoon that includes a private meeting and working lunch. (RELATED: Trump: ‘Illegal' Leaks From ‘Fake Media' Brought Michael Flynn Down)
“Our administration is committed to working with Israel, and our common allies in the region, towards greater security and stability,” Trump said. “That includes a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians. The United States will encourage a peace, and really a great peace deal. We've been working on it very, very diligently, but it is the parties themselves who must directly negotiate such an agreement. As with any successful negotiation, both sides will have to compromise.”
The president advised Netanyahu to “hold back” on settlement construction in the West Bank, before turning to him and saying, “You know that, right?”
“I'm looking at one-state and two-state and I like the one that both parties like.”
“The United States stands with Israel in the struggle against terrorism,” he continued. “Our two nations will always condemn terrorist attacks. This will be the first of many productive meetings. I, again, Mr. Prime Minister, thank you for being with us today.”
WATCH:
Netanyahu said he is “confident” that the alliance between Israel and the United States will grow stronger under Trump.
“Israel has no better ally than the United Staes, and I want to assure you that the United States has no better ally than Israel,” Netanyahu said. “I certainly welcome your call that Israel is treated fairly in international forums. As you have said, our alliance is based on a deep bond of common values and common interests.”
Netanyahu said those values are “under attack by Radical Islamic terrorism.”
“You've shown great clarity and courage in confronting this head on,” he said to Trump. “Under your leadership, I believe we can reverse the rising tide of radical Islam.”
“Let us bolster security. Let us seek new avenues of peace. And let us bring the remarkable alliance between Israel and the United States to even greater heights.”
Dan Savage, Seattle's most famous nationally syndicated columnist, told Stephen Colbert on “The Colbert Report” Tuesday night precisely who should take the blame for the multi-state passage of Proposition 8, a measure banning gay marriage in California.
“Old people are the real villains in the piece,” Savage told the tongue-in-cheek loving host. “And they're dying, which is some comfort.”
That line met with oh-no-you-didn't ooohs from the crowd. His next one got applause.
“It's sort of like gay ‘Survivor.' We're going to outlive, outlast and outsmart bigots.”
The passage of Proposition 8 last Tuesday created a state constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage in California, putting a dark, deep stain on what was otherwise viewed by many progressives as a knockout election. Florida and Arizona passed similar measures.
Same-sex marriage is not recognized in Washington state, though Seattle is second only to San Francisco in the proportion of residents who self-identify as gay, lesbian or bisexual.
“You can't be pro-gay and anti-gay marriage,” Savage told Colbert.
A protest has been organized for this Saturday at Volunteer Park — one of many demonstrations taking place nationwide that morning.
The event begins at 10:30 a.m., with a rally at noon. The march leaves for Westlake Park at 1 p.m. Here's the event flier. Nearly 2,500 people have joined the Facebook group associated with the local protest.
“BRING YOUR SIGNS, Rainbow flags, American Flags (traditionally American flags carried on poles upside down is a signal of distress.)” reads a note on the page.
Are you going?
Update: The nationwide protest got started thanks to a Seattle woman, Amy Balliett, who started the jointheimpact.com to organize the movement and created a site with Seattle wiki server WetPaint to organize reader response. More about Balliett at 365gay.com.
The practice of politics, at its root, is about connecting with people — sharing ideas and understanding how others think about an issue, and having one's own ideas understood in the same way.
Tom Mulcair appeared to have that kind of moment Wednesday in Edmonton, where he spoke to an election forum organized by the Assembly of First Nations.
The NDP leader gave a speech in which he unveiled his platform for indigenous communities in Canada. It went well, but it was really just a speech.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair chats with Cree elder Cecil Nepoose at an Assembly of First Nations meeting on Wednesday in Edmonton. (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press) The moment of connection happened after Mulcair opened the floor to questions from the crowd and began to hear directly from the people his policies would affect.
Amid all the heavy scripting of the campaign, it was a rare moment of realism. Mulcair's handlers were forced to cede control of the moment and let what would happen, happen.
It was in this question and answer session, extended once, and then twice, wreaking havoc on his campaign schedule, that Mulcair made his connection.
His voice caught in his throat, his eyes misted, and "Angry Tom" as he's been called, was nowhere to be seen. This was Emotional Tom, who felt moved by the experience of being smudged and prayed over by Cree elders in the moments before his speech.
It was here, in this moment, that Mulcair said he was "locked in" to the people in that room, and committed to fulfilling his promises.
John Shirt, a Cree man, had just taken up position behind one of three microphones. He spoke first in Cree, and then in English, concluding with a caution: "The old people warned us. Don't ever trust the white man."
Shirt invited Mulcair to win his vote by coming to pray and learn his people's traditions.
Mulcair might have sensed there was a connection available here — an opportunity to be understood as a fellow human.
"It is a humbling experience listening to you speak today about the successive failures and the betrayals and why you were told correctly not to trust people like me," he said.
"Before I came in here today, I had a prayer ceremony with a lot of your elders, and smudging. And that for me," Mulcair said, pausing as if to regain control of his cracking voice, "locks me in to you."
He paused again, and his eyes appeared to mist. "We're going to get it done."
"Thank you," he added, with his voice cracking.
'Nation to nation' relationship
Mulcair was happy to talk about the moment later, beaming widely and joking he'd long been accused of not showing enough emotion. He spoke about a sunrise ceremony he attended on Victoria Island, in the middle of the Ottawa River, getting up before dawn, to attend with local First Nations members "simply because I wanted to show respect."
The NDP leader brought up the name of his wife, Catherine Pinhas, who he said had accompanied him on a tour across the country in 2013 when he heard from many First Nations members.
"Boy do you listen, and do you learn," he said. "I come at this with the deep conviction that we can repair that relationship with our First Peoples, and it starts by recognizing that it has to be nation to nation."
"This is about the three Rs: respect. reconciliation and recognition, and that is what has to change. And I guess you could add a fourth R, which is relationship," he added.
"The relationship itself is broken."
A large electrical contractor in Saskatchewan is being investigated by the federal government over allegations it laid off dozens of Canadian electricians while keeping temporary foreign workers on the job.
Natalie Cranston was one of about 800 electricians working for Alliance Energy on the expansion of the Agrium potash mine in Vanscoy near Saskatoon.
The young woman is one of 58 Canadian workers who were laid off in May.
"It wasn't a happy day," she told CBC's iTeam.
She's upset that she was forced to go job hunting while 30-40 TFW electricians were still employed.
"Why give our jobs to people who don't even live here and after the job's done they're just going to go back home?" Cranston wondered. "It doesn't make much sense to me."
Lay off temporary foreign workers first: union
Dennis Perrin, the prairie director for CLAC says he's disappointed that Canadians were laid off while temporary foreign workers were kept on the job. (CBC) Dennis Perrin, who's the Prairies director for the Christian Labour Association of Canada (CLAC) said the union wasn't happy with Alliance Energy's decision.
"Our message has always been that while we do support the temporary foreign worker program in the skills industries where there are demonstrated skills shortages, that the Canadian worker ought to be essentially the first on the job and the last to be laid off," Perrin told CBC.
Perrin said while he's disappointed with this decision, he doesn't believe Alliance has technically broken the law.
"There is no law that we're aware of that compels the employer to do what we have asked them to do and that is to lay off the temporary foreign workers first," Perrin said.
But he said the layoffs don't seem to be in keeping with the spirit of the TFW program outlined by Ottawa on its website which says "qualified Canadians … should have first crack at available jobs."
Alliance Energy defends Canadian lay-offs
Alliance Energy declined an interview, but in a written statement it said the company was "in full compliance with the rules of that [TFW] program."
In the email, company president Bryan Leverick said some work the company was planning for had been delayed and as a result "we needed to be able to manage our workforce appropriately."
Leverick defended Alliance Energy's decision to let go of Canadians while keeping the foreign workers.
"Once these workers are in our employ we treat them fairly and on merit while we work through the ebbs and flows of the project," Leverick explained.
"When we do have to lay off people due to scheduling changes, we do so based on merit."
TFW rules have been unclear
In the spring, when controversy swirled around the TFW program, employment minister Jason Kenney Natalie Cranston is upset that she was forced to search for a job while 30-40 TFW electricians were still employed. (CBC) regularly insisted "Canadians must always be first in line for available jobs." Kenney
But a professor of industrial relations at the University of Regina said the "Canadians first" policy was populist but toothless rhetoric.
"The ‘Canadian first' moniker is simply just a public relations design," argued Andrew Stevens. "It has no meaning."
Stevens pointed out that when Alliance Energy brought foreign workers into the country it had to prove to the federal government that there weren't enough Canadian electricians available.
Stevens said the fact that workers had to be laid off at a later time due to a change of plans may not violate the rules around TFWs.
"So it's more ‘Canadians first' when it comes to recruiting new workers," Stevens explained. "Not so much when it comes to… the process of firing or laying off employees."
Ottawa changes the rules
Ottawa has acknowledged that at the time Alliance hired its TFWs the rules around layoffs weren't clear enough.
However, it now says thanks to changes introduced in the spring the rules are much more clear.
In June, Kenney unveiled a massive overhaul of the TFW program aimed at addressing abuses of foreign and Canadian workers.
The changes followed a series of CBC stories highlighting problems across the country.
The new rules make companies accessing the program promise that the foreign workers won't ever hurt Canadian job prospects.
Employers will have to sign a declaration that says the hiring of temporary foreign workers "will not lead to job loss or reduction in work hours for any Canadian or permanent resident during the period of employment for which the work permit is issued."
Ottawa said even though the rules were less clear prior to June, when Alliance Energy hired its temporary foreign workers, it is still pursuing an investigation.
It says, "if any employer is found to have broken the rules of the program they will face consequences."
On the return journey from OSCON, baggage handling found themselves outclassed. Instead of simply smacking the box around a few times as had happened on the outbound trip, the TSA dismantled the custom hard-case for the RepRap by removing the 16 bolts securing the top panel rather than undoing the 8 bolts marked "Open".Unable to fit the panel back on again - it was not meant to come off so the nuts were not captive - they simply sent it on its way with the panel detached. I retrieved it from the conveyor - as opposed from the fragile/outsize section despite clear "Fragile" stickers on every face - being shipped in theh wi a u <==s y pconfiguration. Bits were still spilling out of it. Two of our suitcases were badly damaged, my daughter's hard suitcase on a separate return flight was also destroyed. It was replaced by Air New Zealand with an apology for circumstances genuinely beyond their control.I recommend that anyone, anywhere shipping any equipment of value by air goes out of their way to avoid having it pass through the United States of America. Otherwise their badly-trained insecurity chimps and box-throwers will wreck it for you.
Labels: airline, baggage handler, child, damage, destroy, equipment, reprap, tsa, wreck
BOLTON'S young homeless are being turned away from a charity —because it cannot cope with the rise in demand.
Young people, aged between 16 and 24, have been turned away from the Bolton Young Persons' Housing Scheme (BYPHS) five times since the start of December.
And the charity has drafted in extra staff as the temperatures drop below freezing to ensure the centre — which usually opens at 6pm — opens 24 hours a day on Saturday and Sunday.
Maura Jackson, director of BYPHS in Blackburn Road said a lack of jobs and education opportunities has led to the biggest spike in homelessness she had seen in the last two years, with the project being forced to close its doors to new cases for the last three weekends.
She said: “Normally we'll have to turn someone away once or twice in a couple of months but for it to happen so often is unusual.
“I've never seen it like that, there are times we've had to turn people away but never five times on the bounce like that.”
“It was so cold out I just couldn't do close during the day and see them out on the streets like that, so we stayed open from Friday night until Monday morning.”
On other occasions young people have been able to sleep on sofas at the centre because the beds were full, or have been forced to find a place to stay on a friend's settee.
Ms Jackson said: “The problem is poverty and a lack of jobs. We're seeing a lot of people who are not in education or employment. They're despondent, they think “I'll never get a job, why bother?”.
“We had one person come to us recently who'd had to sleep in the doorway of a supermarket. It was not a good experience for him but fortunately he hadn't been attacked or exploited into doing something he didn't want to do.”
The number of young people classed as homeless in the borough is continuing to rise.
Between April, 2010 and April, 2011 official figures showed there were 90 people aged 16 to 24 classes as homeless in borough.
In the following 12 months this figures rose to 93.
BYPHS was set up in 1991 to help single young homeless people in Bolton develop basic living skills and become independent.
The charity helps people find accommodation and supports them after they have moved into their own place.
It helps 130 people aged between 16 and 25 every year.
Ms Jackson — who has been working with the homeless for 22 years — said cannabis use among the young was the worst she had ever seen, and also said gambling was becoming an increasing problem.
She added: “Cannabis use is multi-generational, their parents will often use it too and a lot of them are hanging around in betting shops because they've got nothing else to do.
“We've got one young person who's from a wealthy part of Bolton, his parents are both professionals but they just couldn't cope with his cannabis use.”
BYPHS sees a rise in the number of young people looking for a place to sleep every Christmas, New Year and when school finishes for the summer.
Ms Jackson said: “We get about five young people a year where as soon as the Child Benefit stops their parents throw them out — it's unbelievable really, just for the sake of £20.”
She also raised fears over the impending introduction of Universal Credit, a government welfare reform which will see people receiving their benefits directly rather than them being paid straight to landlords and homeless hostels as they are now.
Ms Jackson claims there is a “serious risk” it could even force the charity to close if something is not done.
She said: “These young people are not always making decisions in a lucid frame of mind, so if they've being given money but have got someone hassling them for a drug debt or a bailiff chasing money for a phone bill, they will obviously pay them and not us.
“We'll then be forced to chase them for money and we'll have turned into an enforcer.
“You can't support people while you're chasing them for money, it changes the whole nature of your relationship.”
Her comments were echoed by Barry Lyon, chief executive of Bolton Citizens Advice Bureau, who claimed the state of the economy and the impending impact of benefit reform would bring a ‘perfect storm'.
He said: “The feeling in the office is there are more people in that age range who are homeless and looking for help. These are the first winds of a perfect storm.”
He added he was “not surprised” that some families had thrown their children out after losing Child Benefit.
He said: “The margins are that tight and people are living hand to mouth.
“It's not quite Dickensian in that we don't have people in workhouses or dying in the street, but it says something that the only things which are expanding in Bolton are pay day loan shops and food banks. It's incredible when you think this is the 21st Century and people can't even feed themselves.”
Bolton Council operates a number of services to help young people maintain a relationship with their parents, so they can stay at home rather than be forced out on to the streets.
A spokesman said: “Under the Homelessness Act 2002 the council has a duty to provide suitable accommodation when the applicant meets certain criteria. The council and a range of other statutory and voluntary sector services work together to offer a range of advice, support, and interventions, including accommodation.
“Bolton has a number of prevention services in place to assist people to remain in their current home and if necessary to help people move in a more planned way, avoiding emergency situations including need for temporary accommodation where possible.”
Kings of the Diamond Playoff Chances JL +22.2, KJ -22.3 Add your own league
Games Above .500 (Full Screen) Chance Will Make Playoffs (Full Screen)
Explain
Big Games
Who should we root for? Explain
Week of 6/17 AB 2 JL 9 Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series AB -3.2 -0.2 DJ -2.4 +0.1 GIRL -1.9 RADZ -1.3 JL +16.4 +0.2 KJ -2.9 DAVE -0.8 JOSH -0.9 LORD -2.1 SSW -0.3 RYAN -0.6 LORD 3 DAVE 8 Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series AB +0.1 +0.1 DJ +0.4 GIRL +1.2 JL +1.4 KJ +2.5 DAVE +8.9 JOSH +1.1 LORD -16.0 -0.1 RYAN +0.3 KJ 5 GIRL 6 Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series AB +0.1 DJ +0.2 +0.1 GIRL +12.7 +0.3 RADZ +0.3 -0.3 JL +0.5 KJ -14.4 -0.2 DAVE -0.1 JOSH -0.2 LORD +0.2 SSW +0.4 RYAN +0.3 DJ 8 RADZ 3 Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series AB +0.1 DJ +11.2 +0.3 GIRL -0.6 +0.2 RADZ -7.2 -0.4 JL -1.0 KJ -1.2 -0.1 JOSH -0.6 LORD -0.4 SSW -0.2 RYAN -0.2 RYAN 4 JOSH 7 Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series DJ -0.5 GIRL -1.0 RADZ -0.2 JL -0.2 KJ +0.1 DAVE -0.2 JOSH +6.6 LORD -1.0 SSW -0.1 RYAN -3.5 Week of 6/24 DAVE vs JL If winner is: Home Away Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series DAN 47.0 46.8 AB 93.7 93.2 DJ 93.5 92.9 JL 26.2 62.3 1.4 2.4 KJ 40.6 36.0 DAVE 36.7 10.9 0.9 0.4 JOSH 23.7 20.9 LORD 19.0 18.7 SSW 6.5 5.4 LORD vs KJ Home Away Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series AB 93.8 93.2 16.0 15.8 DJ 93.6 92.8 16.1 15.9 RADZ 73.3 72.3 JL 45.7 45.4 KJ 19.9 54.0 1.5 2.1 DAVE 24.2 21.7 JOSH 23.8 20.8 LORD 32.7 6.8 0.9 0.6 SSW 5.8 6.0 GIRL vs JOSH Home Away Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series DAN 46.7 47.2 GIRL 94.4 73.9 10.8 9.4 RADZ 73.0 72.4 4.6 4.9 JL 46.5 44.0 JOSH 12.0 37.7 0.5 0.9 LORD 19.2 18.3 SSW 6.2 5.4 RYAN 1.1 0.9 RADZ vs DAN Home Away Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series DAN 99.3 100.0 46.3 47.2 AB 92.7 93.9 16.0 15.9 DJ 92.3 93.6 16.1 16.0 GIRL 85.3 86.9 10.0 10.4 RADZ 86.6 65.1 5.6 4.3 JL 43.5 46.7 1.8 2.0 KJ 35.7 39.5 DAVE 20.8 24.0 JOSH 20.4 23.2 LORD 17.2 19.7 SSW 5.3 6.3 RYAN 0.8 1.1 AB vs DJ Home Away Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series AB 98.4 88.5 16.3 15.6 DJ 87.9 98.4 15.7 16.4 GIRL 86.5 86.1 SSW vs RYAN Home Away Sun 100.0* Chance in playoffs 100.0* Win World Series AB 93.3 93.6 DJ 93.0 93.3 15.9 16.1 GIRL 86.1 86.6 JL 45.0 46.1 KJ 37.4 39.0 DAVE 22.2 23.6 LORD 18.5 19.3 SSW 9.7 1.5 0.3 0.2 RYAN 0.1 2.1
First Round Opponents
Who is going to play who in the first round of the playoffs. Explain
About
"Big Enough" is an electronic-country-pop song by Kirin J. Callinan featuring Alex Cameron, Molly Lewis and Jimmy Barnes. On YouTube, a clip from the music video in which a cowboy is shown singing in the sky above various scenes set in the American Old West spawned a series of parody remixes on the video-sharing site.
Origin
On August 16th, 2017, the KirinJCallinanVEVO YouTube channel uploaded the video for "Big Enough," which features a translucent screaming cowboy, portrayed by Scottish-Australian singer Jimmy Barnes, singing in the sky over various landscapes (shown below).
Spread
On September 8th, 2017, the paper-mario-wiki Tumblr blog posted a clip of Barnes' section of the song, which received upwards of 109,000 notes within one month. That same day, YouTuber Adam Downer reuploaded the clip (shown below). The video was subsequently posted on the front page of Know Your Meme with the title "Screaming Cowboy."
On September 24th, YouTuber r0wd3 uploaded a remix of a scene from Jurassic Park edited with the screaming cowboy clip (shown below, left). Over the next two weeks, the video received more than 157,000 views and 70 comments. On September 25th, YouTuber Jake Hobbs uploaded a remix of the Screaming Sun scene from Rick and Morty dubbed with the screaming cowboy audio (shown below, right). The following day, Redditor Boogi29 submitted the original music video to /r/listentothis.
On October 4th, YouTuber MakeItStop posted an edited clip from Game of Thrones in which the screaming cowboy is edited over a fire-breathing dragon (shown below, left). That same day, YouTuber Red Lama uploaded a montage of remix videos featuring the screaming cowboy clip (shown below, right).
Various Examples
Search Interest
External References
Argentina-based exchange Bitex.la is acquiring and relaunching a bitcoin-buying service aimed at novice bitcoin users in Latin America.
The move sees the firm closing its offshoot company, bitcoin marketplace Conectabitcoin.com, as a separate entity and spinning that product into its real-time bitcoin exchange.
Bitex.la was launched in May as the first regional bitcoin exchange connecting all Latin American countries. Its initial product was directed at seasoned traders; providing the ability to place orders where trading had previously not been easily accessible.
Conectabitcoin's chief marketing officer Manu Beaudroit told CoinDesk the service provided is similar to Coinbase‘s offering in terms of use. However, the mechanics differ, as customers do not need to connect their bank accounts to send funds.
Nubis Bruno, Conectabitcoin founder and Bitex.la chief product officer, explained: “The new Conectabitcoin will be a two-step process where you can just state how much you want to spend in local currency, pay through Astropay, and have bitcoin credited to your Bitex.la account.”
He added:
“Conectabitcoin is a nice smallish product that makes Bitex way friendlier for newcomers, a straight line from fiat to bitcoin in Latin America using Astropay-supported payment methods.”
The rebranded Conectabitcoin will be available to users in Argentina, Brazil, and Chile, along with Colombia, Mexico, Peru and Uruguay.
Popular product
In its previous incarnation Conectabitcoin was an over-the-counter exchange comparable to Finland-based bitcoin marketplace LocalBitcoins. Beaudroit told CoinDesk that while it had been useful for the community, it didn't pay back as much as he and his partners had hoped.
“Conectabitcoin was really good,” he said. “People were using it a lot, it had an escrow cheaper than the one from LocalBitcoins. But our focus was more on selling the bitcoin ourselves than generating a community where people can connect and buy and sell from each other.”
Conectabitcoin is now going to be powered by Bitex, explained Beaudroit. “Before now they were two products – now, Conectabitcoin is like a simple node of Bitex.”
Bitex will, however, preserve the Conectabitcoin brand name for its new service, since users of both platforms are already familiar and content with Conectabitcoin, he said, adding:
“We think there is a niche of people who would love to get their first bitcoin in the easiest way possible.”
Growing community
One of the service's greatest assets is that users can cash in and cash out in almost any location in the region, according to Beaudroit. Although other firms in Latin America like BlinkTrade have provided liquidity across the region through stockbrokers, they have done so in each country separately.
“We think that Latin America is going to be one of the biggest [bitcoin] markets in a few years and we'd like to put our chips in the region,” he said.
He added that Bitex had identified a growing interest in bitcoin adoption from “less techy people” and “non-bitcoiners”. The company sees this growing demographic as an opportunity to increase adoption of the digital currency by making access to it as simple as possible.
In its home market of Argentina, where inflation is expected to surpass 30% by the end of the year, the highly volatile peso has driven a black market demand for US dollars and shone some light on bitcoin's prospects for the economy.
The magnitude of the Argentinean bitcoin community is low for now, Beaudroit said, adding:
“The bitcoin community right now is around 7,000 people. It's growing all the time and more people in the community are starting to look at bitcoin as a way of buying dollars in some way because they are not pesos. The problem here is people don't believe in the peso because of all the problems with our economy.”
“People like bitcoin because they can access the free market with a really fancy tool,” he concluded.
Globe images via Shutterstock
WASHINGTON — The effort to remake the intelligence relationship between the United States and Germany after it was disclosed last year that the National Security Agency was tapping Chancellor Angela Merkel's cellphone has collapsed, according to German officials, who say there will be no broad intelligence sharing or “no-spy” agreement between the two countries when Ms. Merkel visits the White House on Friday.
The failure to reach a broader accord has led to some bitter recriminations on both sides, with sharply diverging accounts from officials in Berlin and Washington about who was responsible for what was supposed to be a political solution to an embarrassing disclosure. But it also raises broader questions at a moment that President Obama and Ms. Merkel will attempt to show that they are in general accord on a strategy for both punishing Russia for its actions in Ukraine and containing President Vladimir V. Putin in the years ahead.
The effort to remain in step, at a time of significant disagreements within the European alliance about how to respond to Russia, is “going to put our intelligence relationships to the kind of test we haven't seen since the end of the Cold War,” a senior administration official said this week.
Just before she left Berlin for Washington on Thursday, Ms. Merkel talked by phone with Mr. Putin, urging the release of a German-led team of military observers — four Germans, a Pole, a Czech and a Dane — who have been held almost a week in the Ukrainian town of Slovyansk, one of a dozen or so east Ukrainian cities where pro-Russian militants have assumed control.
Let's call it what it is. The Democrats are attempting to engineer a coup. If we were south of the border (to the extent that we have one) there would be tanks surrounding the palace, gunfire in the streets.
On November 8, Donald J. Trump won the presidential election fair and square on the basis of rules that have been in place for more than two centuries. By putting pressure on Republican electors not to vote for Trump, Democrats are trying to overthrow that legitimate election for scam reasons that are more out of Duck Soup than out of the political life of an advanced, industrial democracy. In the current sorry drama, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta is Rufus T. Firefly without the charisma. And a lot less funny. (And by the way, the content of some of the emails Republican electors have been receiving should make it crystal clear which party is truly the party of hate.)
The idea that an untold but decisive number of voters who planned to cast their ballots for Hillary Clinton then decided to vote for Trump because of something the Russians did cannot be supported. Those dots cannot be connected. It's a total non sequitur. To find as cynical and baseless a political scheme as this, one must go back to the fire at the Reichstag. Should it succeed — it isn't likely to — it would almost certainly lead to the biggest American crisis since the Civil War.
Is it not obvious that if any voters decided not to vote for Hillary Clinton because of what John Podesta said in emails supposedly made public by the Russians, it was because of the vile and condescending things Podesta said in those emails, not because the Russians made those emails available (if in fact they did)? And why in all the argle-bargle about this in the media hasn't any national reporter thought to ask this question?
The Democrats like to ham it up about how much they believe in and provide political transparency. In those emails, they got more transparency than they wanted. They made it crystal clear that the progressives who dominate this far-left party have contempt for a large chunk of the American electorate, specifically including Catholics, and by implication all Christians who take their faith seriously.
If it turns out that the Russians really tried to tilt the election in favor of Trump — though it has never been made clear why the Russians would favor a president with a spine over a continuation of the invertebrate Democratic foreign policy — then there should be consequences for them. And we should find ways to ensure that this does not happen in the future. But even if this shameless hustle fails Monday, as all reasonable Republicans and Democrats should hope it does, we should never forget that the Democratic Party in 2016 attempted to overthrow a legitimate presidential election. They attempted a coup. Shame on them. There should be consequences for them, as well as for their allies, the Russians.
The list of unindicted co-conspirators in this attempted coup is long. Of course there's the mainstream media, which largely ignored Podesta's damaging statements, and downplayed the Russian story until Trump won the election, and are now playing it as the largest story in history. But then we expect the MSM to be an arm of the Democratic Election Machine. As are the Hollywood airheads who are on the Hillary Uber Alles train. (If I thought, without a script, Martin Sheen and Mike Farrell were bright enough to pour water out of a boot with instructions on the heel, I would worry about them.)
Then there's CIA director John Brennan and President Obama, who hint darkly that the Russians somehow turned this one around but decline to say exactly how. They're sad cases. But then Obama has been a sad case for eight years. When Obama ran for the White House in 2008 he promised he would “fundamentally transform America.” If the attempted coup he has lent his support to should succeed, he surely will have fulfilled this promise. He never even attempted to say, “If you like your country, you can keep your country.”
Follow @renailemay
news Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has come under pressure during a radio interview in far north Queensland, with the ABC's host relaying complaints from local residents that the Coalition had not done enough to bring the National Broadband Network to the region.
This morning the Prime Minister was interviewed on ABC Radio's Far North Queensland broadcast by host Kier Shorey.
Shorey told Turnbull that residents in far-flung areas like Karumba in the Gulf of Carpentaria considered their broadband situation “stalled” at this stage, because the NBN rollout had not hit the region yet.
“It's not a solution for them at this stage. It's also meant that there's been no expansion of the services by Telstra in their community. So they've reached that point where they naturally have to wait until late at night to send an email. Is there any short term solution for them?” Shorey asked.
Karumba is not currently on the NBN company's rollout map.
In response, Turnbull stated that even customers in such far-flung regions could connect to the NBN.
“I'd be very happy to look in to that for them if you get me, or get [MP Warren Entsch] details of a particular customer,” the Prime Minister said.
“All of these issues are very location-specific, but can I say the satellite service which is now available – and that of course reaches everywhere in Australia that is not connected with either fixed line NBN or fixed wireless NBN – that delivers a 25 megabits per second down 5 megabits per second up service.”
“It's obviously not as fast as you would get on a fixed line in the city, but it's still very fast broadband and it will be available in the most remote areas in Australia. So, the whole country is covered but we have about a quarter of the premises available for a service now. In two years it will be three quarters and the roll out will be complete in 2019/20.”
Turnbull also took the chance to sink the boot into the previous Labor Government over its handling of the NBN project.
“We connected through the NBN, paying customers, activated customers, we connected more in the last month than Labor did in six years,” he said.
“What we're doing is getting it rolled out so much more quickly and at so much less cost than would have been the cost under Labor.”
“You can't build a National Broadband Network immediately and obviously it takes a while. When we looked at it, when we inherited this failed project from Labor, we examined it. We took a different approach, we've got a new board and new management and they're taking a much more businesslike approach and they are saving 6-8 years in time, time to complete and $30 billion in cost.”
“That's just the facts and we are, in terms of the family in Karumba, you send Warren Entsch the details and we'll find out what the right solution is.”
A number of the statements Turnbull made with respect to Labor's initial version of the NBN are regarded as highly contested, but appear to be part of Turnbull's standard script for dealing with NBN questions. The Prime Minister made a number of similar statements on the ABC's Q&A program on Monday night, in response to similar questions.
opinion/analysis
One of the most disheartening things about an election campaign is seeing high-level politicians such as Turnbull allowed to get away with making the same blanket statement about policies, time and time again, without being challenged on those statements.
It would have been interesting, for example, if the ABC presenter, Kier Shorey, had been properly briefed and was aware that the NBN satellite that Turnbull mentioned was a piece of infrastructure the Prime Minister opposed being built.
But that is the problem with generalist journalists — they don't have the deep domain experience to ask the right questions in a situation like this :(
Image credit: Parliamentary Broadcasting
1. DNA sequencing: Over the next decade gene sequencing prices are expected to continue to decline by over 50% per year. That means that by the end of the decade we should probably know the genomes of a large fraction of the developed world population; of all important species of animals, plants and fungi; and of the microbial ecosystems in all sorts of natural environments. This should enable everything from GATTACA style genetic analysis of adults and embryos to improved flavors of cheese via better bacterial fermentation, as well as very advanced personalized medicine. The biggest questions relate to privacy and consent issues. Will knowledge of one's own genome be tightly regulated? Will drugs ever be FDA approved for a market of one, and if not, how will personalize medicine work? Stay tuned to find out.
2. Regenerative Medicine: Already people are growing fingers from their own stem cells and growth factor infused protein scaffolds. Soon decellularized organs and directed stem-cell differentiation should enable the replacement of most major organs. Beyond that, such technologies could eventually lead to the creation of whole new synthetic organisms, though not, presumably, in the next decade. Still, by 2020, while we may not yet be able to build werewolves, healthy people who receive rapid emergency responses should be almost as durable. Shame to give up those dreams of bionic arms, but I'm pretty sure most people want flesh instead. Eventually any desired enhancement gadgetry can be built into the protein scaffold, but the killer app — replacement — will be taken.
3. Wireless broadband: Don't you wish your cell phone sounded more like, you know, a phone? Reallocation of wireless spectrum and continued expansion of cellular infrastructures should make this possible, via the allocation of more bandwidth to each phone call, The continued replacement of voice by text, better technologies for compression and decompression and the like will accelerate the trend. By the end of the decade, expect voice and video quality as good as you might expect from HDTV.
4. Better energy storage: Tired of running out of battery power? Of batteries becoming worthless after too many discharges? Of your skateboard not having a kilowatt motor to keep up with traffic? In a decade these problems will be things of the past. Work on nanostructured batteries, ultracapacitors and fuel cells looks ready to enable high power machinery to operate everywhere and low power machinery to be ready for more after a few seconds of recharge time.
5. Robotics comes of age: The US military has funded robotics research extremely aggressively, and that research seems to be paying off. While today's drones are mostly for recon, plans already exist for adding firepower. The civilian implications are tremendous. Facial recognition software will go from airports to eyewear while continuing to accelerate in the progress curve for its development. A bit further out, think widespread useful household robots, aerostats, and ultimately, the commercial robotic car.
6. Ubiquitous sensing and data: Science used to largely consist of meticulously gathering data and then using it to test hypotheses. By 2020, not so much. As HD cameras migrate from cell phones to always on line-of-site video (due to better energy tech and signal processing software as much as cheaper CCDs and better lenses) and radio tags shift from cars to inventories, the data to evaluate almost any macroscale hypothesis will already be available and recorded. Asking the right questions and translating them into statistical algorithms won't necessarily be easy, but it sounds a lot more fun than lab work.
7. Cloud computing: Want a wearable supercomputer but don't know what to do with the megawatt of waste heat? No problem, just borrow one for a second when you need it. Throw in some human intelligence while your at it. By 2020, Jeopardy playing AI won't be a cool marketing gimmick, it will be a readily available servant you can talk to through your headset. No need to spend a fortune on the hardware, just ask it your questions when you feel curious.
8. The real social network: See that cute girl or boy sitting over there? Imagine seeing what you have in common at a glance. Social connections, common interests, whatever's public. Want to try a new candy bar? People who like the things you like say you probably won't enjoy it. Want a loan? Someone you know wants a 6% return, and based on your friends (evaluated by frequency of email exchange, not ‘friending'), they consider you trustworthy. Want to go skiing? It's been one year since Jake, Ann and Alex last did so. They all like to go at least twice a year most years and they all have open calendars today. Did your friends really enjoy that party? Yes, but based on their proximities to one another they split into 3 groups with little overlap. Maybe try to have separate parties next time, or set up some icebreakers. The following games and exercises have worked in similar occasions in the past. Sally has done some of them before so maybe she can organize.
9. Augmented Reality: The killer app for most of the above. Want to talk with someone? Their Aura tells you how busy they probably feel as assessed by skin conductance, sleep history, and inbox content. Where did you put your necklace? Seems you last saw it on the kitchen counter. Feel like playing Pac-Man in Central Park with CGI ghosts? Totally doable. You can even dial in detailed rendering for more elaborate VR by renting out some computing clusters in Iceland.
10. Political-Economic reorganization: The good news is, as far as I can tell, none of these technologies is going to cost much. The bad news is that this means that they aren't going to bring back much in the way of jobs, or even profits. I don't really know what that's going to mean, but the word Cyberpunk comes to mind. Importing oil may get quite a bit more difficult, but computer assisted ride sharing, VR, and to a lesser extent new energy and efficiency technologies should help. There's plenty of food, cheap Chinese manufactured goods too cheap to meter via Ebay and Walmart and plenty of housing, so I'm sure that people will muddle through and figure out some way to distribute it equitably… that or elect jackbooted thugs to figure it out for them. A lot really depends on what the American middle class decides to believe once its totally clear that they aren't going to be able to retire the way they expected, afford ever more expensive health-care, etc. The recent story with Bernie Madoff gives me some hope. No pograms. That's progress!
Michael Vassar is the president of the Singularity Institute and is on the board of Humanity Plus. He has been writing and presenting futurist material with organizations such as Humanity Plus, Futurist.com and the Center for Responsible Nanotechnology and IEET since 2003.
Ten years after Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast and the New Orleans levees failed, we still don't know how many people died in the storm and its aftermath.
The uncertainty about the death toll is evident in the variety of numbers being reported by the media. A local news station in Georgia: 1,200. AccuWeather: 1,800. Insurance Journal: more than 1,800. The New Orleans Times-Picayune: 1,833. A local news station in western Michigan: 1,836.
There is still no memorial listing the names of Katrina victims, still no way to know how many remain uncounted or unidentified, and still no agreement on how to count victims if a storm of Katrina's impact hits the U.S. again. Ten years on, we're still in the dark.
Katrina killed 14 people in Florida before sweeping through the Gulf of Mexico and slamming into southeastern Louisiana on Aug. 29, 2005. The storm was eventually blamed for deaths in seven states, including as far north as Ohio. New Orleans took the biggest hit; wind, rain and the rising Gulf waters breached structurally flawed levees in Lake Pontchartrain, submerging 80 percent of the city by Aug. 31. The reason we don't know how many people died as a result of Katrina is almost entirely because we don't know how many people died in Louisiana.
In the days after floodwaters poured into parts of New Orleans, it seemed as though the loss of life could number in the tens of thousands. Ray Nagin, the mayor at the time, said the death toll in the city could be as high as 10,000. A FEMA simulation of what would happen if a similar hurricane struck the area had put the number at more than 60,000. FEMA ordered 25,000 body bags for the New Orleans area.
Although the losses never reached those levels, death in New Orleans was inescapable in the weeks after the levees failed — for its residents, for responders and for a horrified nation. News outlets headlined the latest counts of the dead and occasionally showed grisly images of bodies floating in flooded neighborhoods.
Like many post-Katrina efforts, the project to count the dead was hampered by natural and institutional obstacles. Robert A. Jensen arrived about a week after the storm. He is the CEO of Kenyon International Emergency Services, which helps track deaths after disasters worldwide. He'd previously sent around 10 workers to Louisiana to help recover bodies, but they'd been sitting idle in their temporary residence at a Baton Rouge funeral home for a week. “That week was critical, and it was wasted on bureaucracy,” Jensen said in a telephone interview.
The official effort to recover bodies had stalled as local and federal agencies decided who would do so — and how. Eventually, procedures were set, with the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals taking the lead and Jensen's company receiving a contract to coordinate the work in the heaviest-hit parishes.
Collecting, identifying and counting the dead was an emotionally wrenching, often gruesome, sometimes thankless job. Kenyon workers had to walk through hospitals where the power had been knocked out. Extreme heat decomposed bodies. The sheer size of the affected areas meant each body might have to go through several checkpoints on its way to the morgue. And each stop could mean the loss of valuable information.
Nearly every day, Bob Johannessen, a spokesman for the state health department, updated the death toll for Louisiana based on the latest data and shared it with the press, taking care never to extrapolate. That meant many people weren't counted until long after they'd died.
Arriving at accurate numbers was difficult. Lt. Don Kelly of the Baton Rouge Police Department had joined a local Disaster Mortuary Operational Response Team a month before Katrina. After the storm, he worked as a public information officer at DMort's temporary morgue in St. Gabriel, 60 miles from New Orleans. That's where most of the bodies of the victims were taken to be identified. “There was a lot of duplication, a lot of poor reporting from the field,” Kelly said in a telephone interview.
It was only after two and a half months had passed that St. Gabriel reached a sad milestone: It had released more bodies to victims' families than the number of bodies it still needed to identify.
By its own admission, Louisiana never finished counting the dead. Its last news release on the topic, from February 2006, put the statewide toll at 1,103. Three months later, it added hundreds of state residents who'd died in other states. Three months after that, in August 2006, Louisiana counted 1,464 victims, with 135 people still missing. Today, when asked about the Louisiana death total, the health department cites a 2008 study that reviewed death certificates and concluded that there were 986 victims. But that study said the total could be nearly 50 percent higher if deaths possibly linked to the storm were included.
One year after Katrina, the state's medical examiner pledged to keep working until every victim was identified. Four years after that, he told the Houston Chronicle that he didn't get the time or resources to finish the job.
Among federal agencies, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has been the primary one focused on determining how many people died because of Katrina regionwide. It reported 1,833 deaths in 2006 but has continually revised the number downward, to 1,100 at last count. Yet the 1,833 number has made it into news articles and the congressional record in the past month. The agency's count remains as uncertain as it was in 2005, when NOAA researchers wrote that “the true number will probably not ever be known.”
John Mutter, a geophysicist at Columbia University, was more familiar with earthquakes than hurricanes before Katrina. After the levees failed and the official death counts kept rising, Mutter began looking into it. There had not been a storm with a comparable death toll since 1928, when a hurricane pushed the waters of Florida's Lake Okeechobee up and over the levees at its southern end, drowning thousands. Mutter was interested in what standards existed for counting how many people were killed by a hurricane. He discovered that there aren't any. “They made their own,” he said in a telephone interview.
Standards are extremely important for the grim task of counting the dead. They settle questions with no obvious right answer — for example, whether to include deaths that occurred immediately before a storm hit (such as someone who died in a fall while cutting down tree branches to mitigate anticipated damage).
What are known as indirect deaths are the most confounding to the count. Direct deaths are those that occur from drowning or an injury sustained during the storm or post-storm flooding, while indirect deaths occur from some other because that might be linked to the storm, such as an inability to access medical care to treat an illness.
After Katrina, government counters in Louisiana chose to include indirect deaths based on an arbitrary time cutoff — people who were evacuated from New Orleans and died after Oct. 1 were not included, while those who died before were. The authors of the 2008 study that counted 986 Louisiana deaths took a different approach, counting only deaths that could be directly attributed to the storm. “I do think we're likely an underestimate,” said Joan Brunkard, an epidemiologist with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the study's lead author. NOAA, meanwhile, has reviewed death reports and removed indirect deaths from its count, a major reason that its total went down.
Here are NOAA's estimates of the number of people who were killed directly by the 10 deadliest U.S. storms, from a 2011 report. (Most of the storms are listed by where they made landfall because they occurred before hurricanes were named.)
HURRICANE YEAR DEATHS Galveston, Texas 1900 8,000-12,000 Lake Okeechobee, Florida 1928 2,500-3,000 Katrina (Louisiana, Mississippi) 2005 1,200 Cheniere Caminanda, Louisiana 1893 1,100-1,400 Sea Islands, S. Carolina/Georgia 1893 1,000-2,000 Georgia/South Carolina 1881 700 Audrey (Louisiana, Texas) 1957 416 Florida Keys 1935 408 Last Island, Louisiana 1856 400 Florida/Mississippi/Alabama 1926 372
“The U.N. doesn't say, ‘This is how you do it,' ” Mutter said. It has no “best practices” for how to count disaster deaths. Neither does the U.S. “Trained as a scientist, I found this unusual,” Mutter said. “We measure things, know what sizes of error there are, the probability distribution, the uncertainties. It just struck me as odd we didn't know this for natural disasters.”
Mutter decided to try to improve on the existing counts for Katrina, seeking to include indirect deaths that had never before been linked to the storm. With the help of a grant of around $20,000 from Columbia's Earth Institute, where he works, Mutter started a website to solicit information about victims. Some of the responses were helpful. But Mutter worried that his site wasn't reaching the people who were hardest to find: Poorer people who weren't Internet-savvy and might be suspicious of people asking questions.
Mutter is sure the true death toll is higher than the official figures. But he's not sure of the best way to figure out what it is. He once believed that it was more than 3,500; he now says it likely isn't above 2,500. That still isn't the highest estimate. Another effort arrived at a total of more than 4,000 with a method that researchers use to estimate civilian deaths in conflict zones.
Mutter ran out of funding in 2010, and his work largely stopped then. But people still send him new names for his count, especially around the time of year that Katrina struck.
NOAA's work on the death toll hasn't ended. Using newly available information from Louisiana's epidemiology office and a database of historical mass casualty events in the U.S., NOAA researchers have completed a count of indirect deaths for Katrina and other storms from the last half-century. The database — which includes all events since colonial times in which 10 or more people died — was compiled by Wayne Blanchard, a retired manager of emergency management instruction at FEMA. The findings — estimates of the total number of deaths for Katrina and the other storms, broken down by direct and indirect causes — are expected to be published in a forthcoming issue of the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society.
The project has taken an emotional toll on the NOAA employees who have been involved. Reviewing death records is very different from forecasting storms. “There are times when you have to put things aside and think,” said Ed Rappaport, deputy director of NOAA's National Hurricane Center and a leader of the count. “When you read some of the accounts of individuals, it becomes far more than a statistical exercise.”
Other federal agencies treat the keeping of official death counts as a core job, done by specialists, rather than the side project of people who are trained for other work. It's a government mission to identify and count Americans who go missing in war or in terrorist attacks. The U.S. military has a unit — the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency — whose duty is to do that and only that for missing and captured soldiers.
Katrina flooded New Orleans less than four years after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. The death toll of victims from that day — 2,977 — is well-documented. The names of the victims are inscribed in bronze at a New York City memorial. And as we've seen with the Vietnam memorial in Washington, D.C, the draw and effect of thousands of names can be powerful.
Mutter thinks deaths stemming from disasters deserve the same respect as those caused by terrorism or war. “These are innocent victims,” he said.
Mutter also wants a national accounting standard for recording deaths to be developed for future disasters.
Stacy Parker Le Melle, an oral historian who interviewed at least 150 people in Katrina's aftermath and collaborated with Mutter, said in an email interview that “without infusions of dedicated money and resources, getting an accurate accounting of the dead may never reach the top of the triage list” for governments responding to a disaster.
While this impulse is understandable, Le Melle said, the result is devastating to survivors, for whom it is crucial to have the losses counted. Otherwise, “you and your memory will be erased from the official story,” she said.
To finish the work for Katrina and arrive at a final number will take not only resources, but also courage, Le Melle said. “I believe we fear responsibility,” she said. “When we declare the reasons of death, then suddenly, someone may be liable. … So I understand a resistance to a broad definition of Katrina death. But I think most victims, and families of victims, want to be acknowledged. They want the truth. They don't want to feel ignored. They don't want to feel swept out to sea.”
Read more: “Katrina Washed Away New Orleans's Black Middle Class”
“Test Scores Don't Tell Us Everything About New Orleans School Reform”
Large-scale forest fires started by prehistoric hunter-gatherers are probably the reason why Europe is not more densely forested. This is the finding of an international team, including climate researcher Professor Jed Kaplan of the University of Lausanne and archaeologist Professor Jan Kolen of Leiden University.
Deliberate or negligent
This research has generated new insights on the role of hunters in the formation of the landscape. It may be that during the coldest phase of the last Ice Age, some 20,000 years ago, hunter-gatherers deliberately lit forest fires in an attempt to create grasslands and park-like forests. They probably did this to attract wild animals and to make it easier to gather vegetable food and raw materials; it also facilitated movement. Another possibility is that the large-scale forests and steppe fires may have been the result of the hunters' negligent use of fire in these semi-open landscapes.
Large-scale impact of humans on landscape
The researchers combined analyses of Ice Age accumulations of silt and computer simulations with new interpretations of archaeological data. They show that hunters throughout Europe, from Spain to Russia, were capable of altering the landscape. This first large-scale impact of humans on landscape and vegetation would have taken place more than 20,000 years before the industrial revolution. The Ice Age is often presented as an era of extreme cold and snow that was ruled by mammoths, bison and giant bears. But the researchers show that humans were also capable of having a significant impact on the landscape.
Layers of ash
Searching for evidence of this human impact explains why there are conflicting reconstructions for this period. Reconstructions of the vegetation based on pollen and plant remains from lakes and marshland suggest that Europe had an open steppe vegetation. But computer simulations based on eight possible climate scenarios show that under natural conditions the landscape in large areas of Europe would have been far more densely forested. The researchers conclude that humans must have been responsible for the difference. Further evidence has been found in the traces of the use of fire in hunting settlements from this period and in the layers of ash in the soil.
Previous Leiden research already suggested human intervention
The team from Lausanne was made up of climate researchers and ecologists Jed Kaplan, Mirjam Pfeiffer and Basil Davis. Archaeologists Jan Kolen and Alexander Verpoorte from Leiden University also worked on the research. An earlier publication by Leiden's Human Origins research group, that was published in Current Anthropology, had already suggested that hunter-gatherers from the Stone Age may well have modified the natural environment considerably through their use of fire. The new publication in PLOS ONE confirms this hypothesis and may be one of the earliest examples of large-scale human impact on the landscape throughout the whole of Europe.
The research was financed by the European Research Council (ERC) and the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF) in the case of the team from Lausanne, and the European HERCULES research programme in the case of the Leiden researchers.
LEIDEN UNIVERSITY
About the Author - Aimee Hicks Aimee works for a newspaper in North Carolina and has a BA in Broadcasting and Cinema. She has been a TV lover since before she really understood what TV was. She has a long list of shows that she loves to watch and can be found on Twitter (@ahicks83) live tweeting about each new episode whenever she can. If the show is sci-fi, fantasy, comic book based, drama, or action the odds are good she watches it or has at least watched a few episodes of it. She also has a love for comedies 2 Broke Girls and Mom. She was the original creator and co-founder of LOST Video Island (lostvideo.net) which is still operating under the management of the very capable and skilled group she turned it over to.
You can email her at aimee@spoilertv.com. All Reviews) Recent Reviews
After that big cliffhanger at the end of the last episode, I'm sure everyone is excited and nervous for this episode. Prepare to hold your breath for a couple minutes longer because it's not immediately revealed what happened to Two after she collapsed. It is a fun opening and kind of necessary because the episode gets very serious very fast and holds that tone throughout the rest of the episode, so the opening brings a few moments of much-needed levity. While I think this is a very strong episode there is a part of it that left me thoroughly confused. To be fair, I think that's exactly what the show was going for because the characters are left every bit as confused as I expect most of the audience will be. I fully expect this story point to be picked up at a later time, but in the context of this episode, it is a tiny bit confusing.The focus of this episode is about dealing with what has been progressively weakening the fierce leader of the Raza. As the ending of the last episode implied, Two's life is very much on the line. She is critically ill and to save her the crew will have to take some big risks to give her even a small chance at survival. The beautiful thing about this episode is that it allows the audience an intimate look at the strong bond that unites this crew. With Two out of commission, the crew will have to learn how to adapt without her front and center.But, we all know Two, and as the title of the episode suggests, she's not one to go down without a fight. With the clock ticking Two makes some pretty bold choices that end up putting her entire crew in some precarious situations. Ultimately, the quest to save Two leads to life and death situations for several members of the crew. A few of them get caught up in an unfortunate encounter that doesn't exactly go as they had hoped. Another member of the crew makes a completely selfless decision to risk everything to literally battle for Two's life. The fight to save Two is one of the greatest examples we've seen of this crew working as a unified front. They are a powerful team, arguably the most powerful in the universe, but sometimes differences get in their way of fulfilling their greatness. This episode simply shows them working and thinking as a team to save one of their own and it's a beautiful show of how bonded this makeshift family is. One character in particular really steps up, and it's not who you'll be expecting, but oddly, and I think this is out of respect for Two, no single person takes charge.This episode takes the Raza to Two's “birthplace" on Earth, and right into the heart of Dwarf Star Technologies. If you thought Two's past was already full of unspeakable horrors then be prepared, because up until now we've only seen a very small part of her dark past. Her early days were full of so many horrific things that it's no surprise that Rebecca was influenced to become Portia Lin. To be perfectly honest, after this episode, fans may actually feel a bit of sympathy for Portia Lin. She was definitely the product of her early years. However, it wasn't all dark and there were some nicer moments that explain how Two was able to emerge from Portia. Two has a strong sense of compassion that could have only been taught to her at some point in her life. Everything that happens in this episode provides a very intriguing insight into what forged Two and how she went from Rebecca to Portia Lin and ultimately to Two. There is one defining influence in her life that allowed Two to exist as we have come to know her.This is a Two heavy episode and Melissa O'Neil does some extremely impressive work as she shows Two dealing with some very heavy situations. This episode does have that one confusing part I mentioned earlier, but the overall episode is powerful and goes a long way to further flesh out Two and her past. The sad thing is that I can't promise that Two survives. This season has proven that having your name in the opening credits means nothing and everyone is fair game for an untimely end. Everyone on the crew fights with every fiber of their being to avoid losing Two, but with Alexander Rook (Wil Wheaton) back in the picture, you can be confident that the crew is in for a hell of a fight. To add to the stress of the crew, Two's life isn't the only one on the line. The crew has to rally around at least one other member of their team as their life is put in a situation as perilous as Two's. As if all of this wasn't enough, the ending cliffhanger raises some interesting questions. I'm sure the ending will leave fans debating its meaning until the next episode airs.Will everyone survive this episode? To find out, tune into this high-stakes episode when it airs. This intense episode was expertly written by Ivon Bartok and beautifully directed by Peter Deluise.Ht the comments with your hopes for this episode. Do you think Two will survive? How dark do you think Two's past was? Are you excited to see more of Dwarf Star Technologies?“You know, it's okay to let others take care of you once in a while.”“You're trying to give me hope. Take my mind off of what's going on down on that planet.”"I understand why you did what you did."“In case I don't get the chance to say it…thank you.”“What the hell was on our ship?!”
Most people think hospitality jobs are lowly. It's one of those jobs that young people do while going to school to pay for their main career. So what if you choose ‘the industry' as your main career? (Finally someone who doesn't want to be a doctor or a lawyer!) Here are some tips from an industry pro who worked his way up from the bottom.
There are some very gifted people in the wine business and you could be one of them.
DLynn Proctor demonstrates his ‘table top' swirl. Very deft fine sir!
We talked to DLynn Proctor about what it takes to be a wine sommelier. DLynn was featured in Somm, a documentary on becoming a Master Sommelier. Today, Mr. Proctor travels around the world educating and inspiring people about Penfold's wines. He has a dream job, but it wasn't easy to get where he is now.
What was it about being a sommelier that inspired you to pursue that career path?
I started working in restaurants in high school, and for some reason I was able to see the value of communication and ingratiating of guests. I remember always wanting to be a part of their stories of travel and lifestyle, and I gravitated toward it.
There was one individual who evoked everything an ‘Old World' wine professional embodied. His speech, his delivery, his candor, his attire, attention to detail, his presence, and all facets of being ‘the guy'. That's what I wanted to embody.
How did you use self-discipline to improve yourself?
Self discipline and discipline is paramount for me. I spent all of my time in the early 2000's traveling to wine regions with the money I made from tips while working.
Instead of hanging out after work and wasting time partying, I would get home and study. With all of the money I saved on ‘not partying or hanging out', by the end of the month there was plenty for plane trips to Europe. Staying in hostels and with consorzios was the way to go. I ended up at top wineries learning and asking questions about soil, production and styles… and the ‘why'.
The amount of depth of knowledge a sommelier must learn seems daunting. How do you learn to retain so much info on wine?
I would create outlines and rewrite everything I'd read on a particular region. Starting with a particular region, like Italy, and then making my way from the north to the south and then in alphabetical order afterwards. Then Repeat! To this day I will still read something, transcribe it in a different color pen, and then map it out so that it will make sense to me. The next day, I'll rewrite it again to see how much I retained.
What is the coolest part of a Sommelier's job?
Being able to educate people about the things that are not easily understood. Our industry is plagued with ‘you can't drink what I drink' or ‘you don't know what I know' or ‘I've been to Bordeaux 20 times'. I want to be able to show people how fun, cool and laid back it actually is. Hopefully I can elevate all people in an un-elitist way.
Mr. Proctor was one of the lead real-life characters from the independent film, Somm, a documentary highlighting the challenges of becoming a Master Sommelier. In the movie you see him at his lowest point, with a towel over his head attempting to use a neti pot to help revive his sense of smell, which disappears right before taking the excruciating Master Sommelier exam.
Last we saw you there was a towel over your head and a Neti Pot, what happened?
A lot of folks who've seen the film don't realize that my sinuses were pretty serious. About 6 months after the film ended in 2011, I ended up having very invasive sinus surgery. I've been getting allergy shots every Monday for the last 2 and a half years and I also travel every week too!
I think now my nose is better because I've gone through two major surgeries. Everything is clear, I think I'm a new me. I can actually dive into a glass of wine and really understand what it is.
Any tips for people looking to pursue a career in the wine business?
Find your happy place of family, people, work, travel, and self happiness. My path was unconventional, but worked for me. Make sure you have balance.
Figure out what aspect of restaurant or what method of sales (retail, supply, wine production or distribution) you want to be in and identify how to master every portion of it.
I'm still finding my way!!
Follow DLynn on on Twitter
Victim: suspected rock thrower came back to take pictures of damage Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Someone threw a rock at James Joseph's car on Interstate 35 on Saturday, May 28, 2016. (Photo: Todd Bailey/KXAN) Victim: suspected rock thrower came back to take pictures of damage Someone threw a rock at James Joseph's car on Interstate 35 on Saturday, May 28, 2016. (Photo: Todd Bailey/KXAN) prev next
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- Police on Thursday charged Patrick Eugene Johnson with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon for throwing rocks at cars on Interstate 35. Police expect he's responsible for the "lion's share" of the 94 rock throwing incidents in Austin.
Police plan to file an attempted murder charge as well.
He's well-known to Austin police, Austin City Council, even to us in the media, because of how active he is in reporting crimes and calling in news tips.
Most of the reports have been at night, where a driver can not see as well or take evasive action from an incoming rock.
Witnesses say Johnson showed up moments after he was hit by a car, appearing to be a Good Samaritan.
After one rock throwing incident, Johnson even took a picture and sent it to the KXAN Report It tips line.
A rock crashed through the front windshield of James Joseph's pickup on May 28. It came from across the median and bounced off the console and through the sunroof, just barely missing his two sons.
"I knew exactly what had happened based on everything we'd seen on the news," Joseph said.
Less than five minutes later, Joseph describes Johnson walking up to take pictures of the damage. He says Johnson didn't check on the family, but went straight to taking photos to send to our newsroom.
"I knew something was wrong. I knew the coincidence. He mentioned that it had actually happened to him twice." I showed Joseph the picture Johnson sent us of his car.
"It's very strange," he said. Too much of a coincidence. "In my mind without a doubt, he was there to put harm to my family."
Now James Joseph wants justice. "Moving forward I hope they can tie him to as many cases as they think they can."
According to police, information James Joseph and others gave detectives ended up pointing APD towards Patrick Johnson as a suspect.
Friends of one of the first victims are thankful
Friends of first rock throwing victim thankful for Thursday's arrest
Kenneth Johnson was one of the first and most serious of rock throwing victims. In June 2014, Kenneth almost died when a rock smashed through his windshield.
He had to have part of his skull removed. His loved ones say they're grateful justice is one step closer to being served. Friends say he's come a long way since he was hurt.
Kenneth can walk and is conscious of what's going on, but still has trouble speaking. He is living in Houston with his mom where he attends a rehabilitation facility.
A Round Rock woman was also severely hurt as well last November. Tina Morales suffered neck injuries when a rock smashed through the windshield. She still has scars. "I thought I got shot," she said.
Adam Gaudette (right) of the Northeastern Huskies celebrates a goal with teammate Jeremy Davies (left). (Richard T Gagnon/Getty Images)
For the last few years, the big question in Hockey East has always been, “What if Northeastern had goaltending?”
This wasn't a question of having great goaltending, or even good goaltending. We're talking national-average save percentages. The past three full seasons, their goaltenders averaged .905, .903 and .898, all of which were below the national average — which itself tends to be about 10 points below the Hockey East average, making the problems even more severe.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
And these were otherwise good teams from top to bottom. Even with these issues, the clubs finished with positive goal differentials approaching plus-30 each of those three seasons and were therefore winning more games than they were losing (they're 11 games over .500 in that stretch) but in any given game there would be that creeping sense of dread: “What's going to go wrong tonight?”
Indeed, just speaking mathematically, if Northeastern got national-average goaltending over the three seasons leading up to this one, they allow a total of seven, six, and 15 fewer goals than they actually did, and that big number from last year is the killer. Giving up 15 fewer goals flips three losses to three wins, making them a borderline NCAA tournament team.
Story continues
This season, however, the goaltending is now pretty much in line with the national average, and trending upward. Freshman Cayden Primeau has a .908 save percentage, and it's only that low because he had a pretty bad night in one game against a good Quinnipiac team, in which he gave up six goals on 15 shots. Otherwise, he's stopped 110 of 117 (.940). Of course, this is a small sample and Northeastern has had mediocre goalies outperform their talent levels for 20 or 25 games over the course of a season, but the difference between Primeau and his predecessors is in the pedigree.
Primeau is drafted, for one thing, basically a starter as a true freshman who just last season medalled as the No. 1 goalie for the U.S. at the Ivan Hlinka tournament and World Junior A championship. His junior numbers last season were subpar, but so was the team in front of him, and Primeau battled injury issues throughout the year.
So far this year, Primeau's one bad game is, again, holding back otherwise sterling stats, and even despite that issue, he's still better at stopping high-danger shots at 5-on-5 than the average of all the goalies in the 15 games I've seen so far this season.
With all that said, to this point, Northeastern seems to be getting what is roughly the national average save percentage, maybe a shade lower, even if things are badly skewed by a couple bad games. Consequently, it's fair to say that the answer to the above question about “What if Northeastern had average goaltending?” is being answered right now.
With average goaltending, they're 6-3-1 and currently look like the best team in Hockey East.
That's because even beyond Primeau's potential capabilities as a No. 1 in this conference, it's fair to say this team is better throughout the lineup than it was last season, and that's with the team having lost Hobey Hat Trick forward Zach Aston-Reese, who was the best forward in college hockey last year, to graduation.
The scoring depth the Huskies added this summer, from USHL leading scorer Zach Solow to the maturation of last season's middle-sixers like Grant Jozefek and Matt Filipe, as well as the growth of a solid puck-moving D group are all very nice complements to what Northeastern's three best returners from last season bring to the table.
Anyone following college hockey this season needs to watch carefully as Adam Gaudette and Dylan Sikura torch the top competition every other coach can put out against them. They both cleared 50 points last season in second-line/first power-play unit roles, and are now being asked to do more defensively. They've responded better than could have reasonably been expected.
Gaudette is up to 8-9-17 in 10 appearances, while Sikura — who missed this past weekend's games against BU and Lowell — is 6-8-14 in eight games. They've combined for 85 shots between them; the rest of the team has just 243 combined. To some extent, you might expect that from two guys who play the vast majority of their teams' power-play minutes (their shifts on the man advantage routinely last 90 seconds or more) but even at 5-on-5 they control the flow of the game far better than their teammates.
I've seen six of their 10 games so far this season, and while the Huskies are below water at 5-on-5 in all situations, their underlying numbers relative to the rest of Northeastern are quite good: plus 5.6 in corsi, plus-4 in fenwick, plus-1 in shots on goal, plus 7.2 in high-quality chances. This despite starting only about a third of their shifts in the offensive zone. It's pretty impressive.
Of course, 5-on-5 numbers can be a bit misleading in college hockey, at least at the team level, and historically all-situations shots-on-goal numbers are more predictive of long-term success. To that end, Northeastern is outshooting opponents by 51 (an average of plus-5.1 per night, and they're ranked 14th in the country at more than 54 percent SF% in all situations).
They're also plus-17 in goals, with a power play running at 27.5 percent. And just as you'd like to see with any team that has a good power play, they're getting five-plus a night, tied for 10th in the nation, while giving up slightly fewer to the opposition. Their PK has been a problem, though, running at just 77.8 percent. Nonetheless, if you're drawing more penalties than you commit and you score at a higher rate than your opponent, you're going to keep yourself in good shape.
And that, suffice it to say, is where Northeastern seems likely to stay this season, at the very least. Even if the goaltending takes a slight step back (which is, of course, possible) they still have an elite offense. And if Primeau actually keeps playing at a high level (which is starting to look probable, despite the one bad game) then this is not only a team to look out for in the conference, but one that could do some serious damage nationally.
A somewhat arbitrary ranking of teams which are pretty good in my opinion only (and just for right now but maybe for a little longer too?)
1. Denver (swept St. Cloud)
2. St. Cloud (got swept at Denver)
3. Minnesota (took three points at Michigan)
4. North Dakota (took three points from Miami)
5. Northeastern (beat BU, lost at Lowell)
6. Harvard (lost at Colgate and Cornell)
7. Providence (split a home-and-home with UMass)
8. Minnesota State (swept at Bemidji)
9. Clarkson (won at Brown and Yale)
10.Western Michigan (split with Minnesota-Duluth)
—
Ryan Lambert is a Puck Daddy columnist and is the ONLY HOST of the NCAA hockey podcast Hockey Goes to College (the other guy is only his sidekick). His email is here and his Twitter is here.
On the Expansion Draft …
David Pagnotta: The last day teams can place players on waivers before the expansion draft is June 16th.
There is a trade and waiver freeze starting at 3:00 ET on June 17th.
David Pagnotta: The Golden Knights need to submit their picks by 10:00 AM ET on June 21st. List includes any free agents that they have signed from a team.
David Pagnotta: The Golden Knights roster will be announced during their awards show on June 21st, starting at 8:00 PM ET. Five players could be revealed after every two awards.
David Pagnotta: Trade/waiver freeze would be lifted at 8:00 AM ET on June 22nd.
On the Vancouver Canucks and Dallas Stars …
Mike Morreale: Stars director of amateur scouting Joe McDonald said that it is 50/50 that Valeri Nichushkin returns to Dallas for next season. Nichushkin has a year left on his KHL contract with CSKA.
Chris Nichols: Pierre LeBrun on TSN 1040: “I can absolutely confirm that there have been talks between Dallas and Vancouver, however I don't think they've gone anywhere.”
Chris Nichols: LeBrun added that the Stars are “absolutely listening on No. 3. Several teams have reached out to Dallas, is my understanding.”
Patrick Johnson of the Vancouver Province: LeBrun tweeted on Thursday that a handful of teams had already contacted Stars about the No. 3 pick.
Later that day he said on TSN 1040 that he thinks the Canucks are looking to move up from the No. 5 spot.
“I believe there have been conversations between Dallas and Vancouver,” he said. But Lebrun also admitted such a move would be difficult for Benning to pull off.
thinks that part of that deal might have the Stars sending a bad contract to Vancouver. The Stars have three goalies under contract next year so maybe they would send one of Kari Lehtonen or Antti Niemi and flip flop picks.
The Canucks do need a backup goalie. There has been speculation that they could re-sign Ryan Miller.
Only two of many Western fashion retailers said they will compensate the victims of a collapse at a garment factory that killed nearly 400 Bangladeshis. Textile bosses are pleading with clothing giants to keep producing there despite the accident.
UK clothing chain Primark has become the first company to promise an unspecified amount of compensation to the families of those who worked for its supplier, Simple Approach, which occupied the second floor of the collapsed eight-story Rana Plaza building.
Primark has confirmed its supplier had contracted New Wave and that it “shared the building with those of other retailers.”
"We are fully aware of our responsibility. We urge these other retailers to come forward and offer assistance," said the retailer.
The company said the payment would include long-term aid for children who lost parents and financial aid to those who were injured.
Primark has joined with a non-governmental organization to provide emergency food aid to families.
Hours after Primark's announcement, Canadian counterpart Loblaw has also publicly acknowledged it used a manufacturer in the poorly-constructed Bangladeshi building and said it will pay compensation to the families of victims.
"We are working to ensure that we will deliver support in the best and most meaningful way possible,” company spokeswoman Julija Hunter said following the meeting with other companies and the Retail Council of Canada's Responsible Trade Committee. “Our priorities are helping the victims and their families, and driving change to help prevent similar incidents in the future."
The company has assured that it was working with other retailers to support local efforts and provide aid in Bangladesh and said it will also send senior officials to Bangladesh to get answers as to what caused the collapse.
Meanwhile, the National Garment Workers' Federation, which has been fighting
“for many years for workers in the garment industry to be able to work safely,” has called on Primark, Matalan and Mango to pay compensation to victims' families and to sign up to the Bangladesh Fire and Building Safety Agreement to prevent future deaths of garment workers. A petition drawn up by the trade union has received nearly 600,000 signatures.
So far, Primark and Loblow are the only two companies to come forward and offer help to hundreds of Bangladeshi workers and their families. But despite numerous Western companies make huge profits by using workers in factories like the one that collapsed, not all of them hasten to help out. Few seem ready to acknowledge they used a foreign labor force.
Thus, the Italian retail multinational Benetton that initially denied any links with the business in Bangladesh has admitted it had been supplied for a one-off order by one of the factories in the building.
At the same time, New Wave Bottoms, one of the manufacturers based at Rana Plaza, listed Benetton as a client. Labor rights activists also said they found documents linking Benetton to the factory.
Worried that Western firms could go over to different manufacturers, Bangladeshi textile bosses met representatives of at least 30 leading brand names such as Walmart, H&M and Gap in a bid to assure them about safety standards, AAP news agency reported.
The manufacturers and buyers agreed to form a joint panel to come up with a firm safety action plan, the news agency said referring to the announcement made at the end of the meeting.
Some 2,500 people have been rescued from the rubble of the plaza, which officials said had been built on swampy ground without the correct permits. Emergency workers say there is now little hope of finding anyone else alive. More than 3,000 workers - most of them young women – arrived to their work places in the building on Wednesday morning, despite management warning that it was unsafe.
On Sunday the building's owner, Sohel Rana, was arrested by Bangladeshi paramilitary forces as he attempted to cross the border into India. Also four factory bosses, two engineers as well as Rana's father, Abdul Khalek, were detained. Police are currently looking for a fifth factory boss, David Mayor, who they say is a Spanish citizen.
After police produced Rana and the factory owners in court, a two-judge panel has asked the government to “immediately” confiscate Sohel Rana's. Central bank was also asked to freeze the assets of the owners of the five garment factories in the building, saying that the money should be used to pay the salaries and other benefits of the workers.
Bangladesh's garment industry is ranked the second-largest in the world after China and is worth $20 billion. However, working conditions there are said to be extremely poor. The industry has been blighted by hundreds of deaths since 2006.
A fire at another factory last November in the industrial hub of Ashulia killed 212, and was considered the deadliest incident in years in Bangladesh. The garment factory was making clothes for a range of international retailers such as Walmart, Disney, Sears and French company Teddy Smith. Some of them claimed they stopped doing business with the manufacturer after the fire.
CLEVELAND, Ohio — Officials at a North Carolina hospital notified 18 patients Tuesday that they may have been exposed to the rare, degenerative brain disease Creutzfeldt-Jakob, which is always fatal and characterized by rapidly progressive dementia. The disease, which can in rare cases be transmitted by contact with infected tissue, is in the same class as 'mad cow' disease.
The patients all underwent brain surgery at Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center since Jan. 18, when another patient who was treated there subsequently tested positive for the disease. The surgical instruments used on the patient with Creutzfeldt-Jakob were sterilized, but were "not subjected to enhanced sterilization procedures necessary on instruments used in confirmed or suspected cases of CJD," according to the release.
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, or CJD, affects about 200 people in the United States every year and about one in one million people a year worldwide, according to the National Institutes of Health. It is a part of a group of human and animal diseases with similar symptoms and characteristics, a group that includes bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or 'mad cow' disease.
Though CJD can be caused by exposure to infected tissue, it is rarely transmitted this way; fewer than 1 percent of cases have been 'acquired,' according to the NIH. Most arise spontaneously or are hereditary.
The North Carolina case is only the most recent of several similar incidents over the past two years.
In August 2013, a New Hampshire hospital warned eight of its patients that they had potentially been exposed to the disease in a similar fashion after a patient died of suspected CJD. A September autopsy confirmed the presence of the disease, according to FoxNews. Five other patients in Massachusetts were notified of their risk because the equipment had been rented to another facility in that state, FoxNews reported.
In 2012, Greenville Health System in South Carolina had a similar case and had to warn 11 patients of their potential exposure to the disease. The health system has since increased the sterilization temperature for all instruments used during its brain surgeries, as a precaution.
Steelers linebacker Ryan Shazier, who continues to recover from a serious spinal injury suffered Dec. 4, and his father told ESPN on Thursday that he is showing "some improvement that is encouraging" and the family continues to rely on its deep faith.
"We're taking it one day at a time," Vernon Shazier said in an interview with the network. "We do not know what tomorrow holds. It's a [daily] journey we don't know. But I know God is getting the message."
Shazier underwent "spinal stabilization surgery" Dec. 6 in Pittsburgh, after being transferred by medivac helicopter from Cincinnati, where he was injured in the Steelers' game against the Bengals.
Shazier made an emotional appearance Sunday at Heinz Field for his team's big game against the Patriots, his first trip out of the hospital since his surgery.​
First game back a Heinz Field. I love the city of Pittsburgh, the my team, and my brother. No… https://t.co/hXNDZilurV — Ryan Shazier (@RyanShazier) December 18, 2017
Vernon Shazier said before his interview with ESPN that he couldn't get into specifics of his son's injury. The Steelers have not elaborated in detail what Shazier's surgery entailed nor about his prognosis.
"We're praying for healing and keeping our mind and faith strong. We know we're in a deep valley, but we do not feel alone," said Vernon Shazier, an NFL chaplain who added: "It's easy to be faithful in a storm, but we're not talking about a drizzle. We're talking about a hurricane, a category 5 [hurricane], lots of metaphors to describe it."
On Tuesday, Shazier was announced as a Pro Bowl representative for his 89 tackles, three interceptions and two forced fumbles through 12 games and his teammates who've visited him say he's eager to talk football strategy for the Steelers as they look to the playoffs.
Meanwhile, his father says Tuesday's announcement ticks on box for his son.
"Ryan had two goals going into the year — a Pro Bowl and a Super Bowl," Vernon said. "He's been able to check one off the list. He's hoping to check the next one off."
The Steelers' leading tackler, Shazier lowered his head to stop Bengals receiver Josh Malone less than four minutes into the Dec. 4 game. Shazier, in his fourth year from Ohio State, had his hands over his head when carted off the field. Steelers linebacker Vince Williams was in tears kneeling next to Shazier as trainers tended to him.
Welcome to the world of ht243L1jvIk#cvaTd$6c7y#i%Q^, which I'll go ahead and just refer to as Firefly Diary from now on. But wait, since when could fireflies keep a diary? Since December 31st, 9999 apparently, because that's when this game takes place. The antlered and amnesiac protagonist Mion wakes up on that day, a million miles underground in Rubble World, and sets out to uncover the truth of everything… Talk about waiting until the last minute!
Ever since this game was first announced, I looked forward to it with great anticipation. When I saw those first screenshots with that beautiful, haunting art style… it was love at first sight! This looked to be a very atmospheric horror game with an interesting puzzle-solving mechanic–something different from the norm, and exactly my Sort of Thing.
And that's what I got! I pre-ordered the limited edition physical set (BTW, thank you very much for that, NISA), which included its great soundtrack and art book. And as for the game itself, I quite loved the experience The Firefly Diary presented. It's definitely not a perfect game though, and I intend to be fair about this sort of thing whenever I post a review.
Firefly Diary is not a terribly long game, but considering its low price it felt like a fair length to me. There are also a bunch of memory items you can go back and collect via level select, for those who wish to get the full experience. There are some good challenges to be had over the course of this game, and for the most part I found them enjoyable to work through.
The gameplay is a sort of cross between Dokuro (which I reviewed yesterday) and Ghost Trick (which I will review later this month, during “ghost week”). You do not control Mion directly–instead you control two fireflies to guide her along (either by touch controls or with buttons–I suggest using buttons, as that's easier to see and maneuver with). The “light” firefly directs Mion to where you want her to go (a la Dokuro), while the “shadow” firefly resides in the shadow realm and activates various objects to affect the environment around Mion in specific ways (a la Ghost Trick). I thought it all controlled well enough–you simply have to get used to the fact Mion is a slow walker and plan accordingly.
This is a challenging game, but its difficulty for the most part did not feel unfair to me. There is definitely an element of trial and error that is required to figure out how to get past various enemies (shadow creatures, evil plants, etc) and other obstacles (giant blade saws, flame throwers, etc). Mion will get to die many gruesome deaths! But such is life, and such is the nature of Firefly Diary. You gotta be bad, you gotta be bold, you gotta be wiser! And fortunately, the game is generous with its many save checkpoints, so you will rarely have to replay through too much following your untimely demises.
Some of the toughest parts of the game come in the form of boss battles, which take form in an interesting variety. For the most part, the game does well at setting things up for the player so that it's possible to figure out what to do–usually by requiring the player to achieve a specific task beforehand, and then requiring an application of that knowledge in a similar situation later. There is also one boss in particular that I felt did an excellent job of creating a truly horrific situation, which I greatly appreciated. Firefly Diary manages to earn decent marks in the horror department, not only for just how vulnerable Mion is in the dangerous post-apocalyptic landscape, but for the rather morbid and ghastly imagery presented at key scenes in the story's progression. The game does not hold back as much as you'd perhaps expect, given the sort of “soft cuteness” present in the art style. The contrast works great.
What I'm getting at basically is, if an indie-esque horror setting puzzle platformer sounded exciting to you in the first place, you'll likely quite like Firefly Diary. (If that doesn't sound interesting, then don't bother. You will probably find it frustrating.) It takes some getting used to for the controls and for working out the type of puzzle-solving this title requires–and there are certain parts that I found pretty ridiculous to get through (namely one section near the end, in which you must quickly and perfectly navigate the shadow firefly through a very complex and narrow passageway)… but these are just a couple (fire)flies in the ointment. The overall experience is not a revolutionary one, nor does it stick with me quite as much as other 2D horror games I've played through–but it's still a good and unique experience worth taking part in, so long as you're up to the challenge! It's a nice little Vita exclusive that fans of horror should definitely consider picking up.
By 57% to 36% those who watched the first live EU debate say Nigel Farage bettered Nick Clegg, a YouGov poll for The Sun finds
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and UKIP leader Nigel Farage went head-to-head this Wednesday in the first of two debates about the future of Britain's relationship with the E.U.
A YouGov poll conducted for The Sun finds that 57% of people who watched the debate say Nigel Farage performed better overall. 36% give the edge to Nick Clegg and 6% don't know.
The poll is weighted to be representative politically and by attitudes to EU membership.
The 60-minute debate was broadcast live on LBC and Sky News. The second debate will be on the BBC next Wednesday, April 2.
Image: Getty
See the full poll results
TOKYO/BEIJING (Reuters) - Two U.S bombers have flown over the disputed South China Sea, the U.S. Air Force said on Friday, asserting the right to treat the region as international territory despite China's claim to virtually all of the waterway.
The flight by the B-1B Lancer bombers from Guam on Thursday came as U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping prepare for a meeting on the sidelines of a G20 summit in Germany.
The two leaders were expected to discuss what China can do to rein in North Korea's missile and nuclear weapon programs.
North Korea fired an intercontinental ballistic missile on Tuesday that some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and Hawaii and perhaps the U.S. Pacific Northwest.
While Trump has been seeking China's help to press North Korea, the U.S. military has, nevertheless, been asserting its “freedom of navigation” rights in the South China Sea, at the risk of angering China.
Asked about the flight by the two U.S. bombers, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said there was no problem with freedom of navigation or overflight for the East and South China Seas.
“But China resolutely opposes individual countries using the banner of freedom of navigation and overflight to flaunt military force and harm China's sovereignty and security,” he said.
China's Defence Ministry, in a short statement sent to Reuters, said China always maintained its vigilance and “effectively monitors relevant countries' military activities next to China”.
“The Chinese military will resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and security as well as regional peace and stability,” it added, without elaborating.
The United States has criticized China's build-up of military facilities on South China Sea reefs and tiny islands it has constructed, concerned that they could be used to extend its strategic reach.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam and Taiwan also have claims in the sea, through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes each year.
The two Lancers that made the flight had earlier trained with Japanese jet fighters in the neighboring East China Sea, the first time the two forces had conducted joint night-time drills.
Two U.S. Lancers flew from Guam over the South China Sea last month, while a U.S. warship carried out a maneuvering drill within 12 nautical miles of one of China's artificial islands in the waterway in late May.
WHAT THE TAPES WOULD HAVE SHOWN….Yesterday we learned that in 2005, despite earlier warnings from Congress, the White House, and the Justice Department, the CIA destroyed two videotaped interrogations of al-Qaeda operatives who had been captured shortly after 9/11. Why? CIA director Michael Hayden says the tapes were destroyed because of fears that they might leak and give away the identity of CIA interrogators, but that's an excuse so thin that I hesitate to even call it laughable. In fact, the decision was made just as questions were starting to be raised about the torture of CIA prisoners, and the tapes were almost certainly destroyed for fear that they'd be subpoenaed and it would become clear just how harsh our “harsh interrogation” measures really were.
So what would investigators have seen if they'd had access to the tapes? One of the captured prisoners was an al-Qaeda operative named Abu Zubaydah, and it turns out we have a pretty good idea of what his tape would have shown. First, Spencer Ackerman gives us this from James Risen's State of War:
Risen charges that Tenet caved to Bush entirely on the torture of al-Qaeda detainees. After the 2002 capture of Abu Zubaydah, a bin Laden deputy, failed to yield much information due to his drowsiness from medical treatment, Bush allegedly told Tenet, “Who authorized putting him on pain medication?” Not only did Tenet get the message — brutality while questioning an enemy prisoner was no problem — but Tenet also never sought explicit White House approval for permissible interrogation techniques, contributing to what Risen speculates is an effort by senior officials “to insulate Bush and give him deniability” on torture.
And here is Barton Gellman's gloss of Ron Suskind's The One Percent Doctrine:
Abu Zubaydah, his captors discovered, turned out to be mentally ill and nothing like the pivotal figure they supposed him to be….Abu Zubaydah also appeared to know nothing about terrorist operations; rather, he was al-Qaeda's go-to guy for minor logistics. [Other unrelated bungling described, all of which is worth clicking the link to read.] Which brings us back to the unbalanced Abu Zubaydah. “I said he was important,” Bush reportedly told Tenet at one of their daily meetings. “You're not going to let me lose face on this, are you?” “No sir, Mr. President,” Tenet replied. Bush “was fixated on how to get Zubaydah to tell us the truth,” Suskind writes, and he asked one briefer, “Do some of these harsh methods really work?” Interrogators did their best to find out, Suskind reports. They strapped Abu Zubaydah to a water-board, which reproduces the agony of drowning. They threatened him with certain death. They withheld medication. They bombarded him with deafening noise and harsh lights, depriving him of sleep. Under that duress, he began to speak of plots of every variety — against shopping malls, banks, supermarkets, water systems, nuclear plants, apartment buildings, the Brooklyn Bridge, the Statue of Liberty. With each new tale, “thousands of uniformed men and women raced in a panic to each…target.” And so, Suskind writes, “the United States would torture a mentally disturbed man and then leap, screaming, at every word he uttered.”
So here's what the tapes would have shown: not just that we had brutally tortured an al-Qaeda operative, but that we had brutally tortured an al-Qaeda operative who was (a) unimportant and low-ranking, (b) mentally unstable, (c) had no useful information, and (d) eventually spewed out an endless series of worthless, fantastical “confessions” under duress. This was all prompted by the president of the United States, implemented by the director of the CIA, and the end result was thousands of wasted man hours by intelligence and and law enforcement personnel.
Nice trifecta there. And just think: there's an entire political party in this country that still thinks this is OK.
The next presidency of the EU Council will fall to a government that believes "Islam has no place" in its country.
Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico is one of the most outspoken critics of Muslim immigration in the European Union. He has warned he would not allow an "Islam-driven" change to affect his country. On July 1 Fico's government will replace the Netherlands as the head of the EU council.
Reuters Robert Fico, the Prime Minister of Slovakia, is known for his barefaced criticism of Islam and Muslim intergration.
The presidency of the council of the European Union is appointed undemocratically on a six-month rotation. It is a position held by a national government and has responsibility for setting the agenda of the EU's upper house of lawmakers. Alongside the European Parliament, the Council is part of the EU's legislature and is made up of ministers from each of the 28 member states.
Slovakia will take over the presidency next week as the Netherlands' six-month cycle ends. But concerns have been raised about the implications of Fico's anti-Islamic agenda on integration.
Newsletter Sign Up
"Islam has no place in Slovakia," he told reporters in May as he warned that "migrants change the character of our country". He vowed he would "never make a voluntary decision that would lead to the formation of a unified Muslim community in Slovakia".
Fico said: "Multiculturalism is a fiction.
"Once you let migrants in, you can face such problems", he said, referring to the sex attacks on German women in Cologne on New Year's Eve.
"Since Slovakia is a Christian country, we cannot tolerate an influx of 300,000 to 400,000 Muslim immigrants who would like to start building mosques all over our land and trying to change the nature, culture and values of the state," he said.
Several private BitTorrent trackers including Nordicbits, Powerbits, Piratebits, MP3nerds and Wolfbits, have closed down after the Pirate Bay verdict came in last Friday. Other trackers are set to follow this example in what could be the greatest voluntary tracker collapse ever.
Operating a BitTorrent tracker from Sweden is not as fun as it used to be, last Friday ruined all that. What was once considered a safe haven for BitTorrent sites, is now a Bermuda Triangle for some previously very active BitTorrent trackers. The harsh verdict against the four individuals involved with the largest BitTorrent tracker on the Internet led to worries among those who operate similar sites in Sweden and elsewhere.
In the days following the verdict, several large and small BitTorrent trackers have decided to close down and more are expected to follow suit in the days to come. One of the sites that has closed its doors is NordicBits, which displays a message citing the verdict as one of the reasons for the closure.
We have to shut down the site now due all circumstances. We don't have time to do anything to the code, we don't have interest in it, we don't have any more money and the biggest reason is The Pirate Bay info.
Rumors say that at least a dozen trackers will discontinue operations in the days to come including Swebits, who have already shut down their tracker but not the site itself. SeedIT, a relatively small community is another tracker that's decided to shut – they posted their latest torrent a few hours ago, titled:
“RiP.SeedIT.We.Have.always.been.the.best.of.the.best.Love.love.love.XXX-RIP”
Several of the trackers that are now offline were operated by Swedes, who are worried that they might be facing legal troubles as well. In addition, there are many other BitTorrent trackers hosted in Sweden run by non-Swedes – time will tell how they respond.
The Pirate Bay continues business as usual as the defendants appeal their case, but in the meantime the Swedish anti-piracy lobby will use the verdict to their advantage. Uncertain times.
“30,000 feet of cardboard and 3,000 gluesticks.”
From Second Left: Producer John Chuldenko, Producer John Charles Meyer, Lead Actor Meera Rohit Kumbhani, & Director Bill Watterson.
The first Q&A at the 41st Atlanta Film Festival (sponsored by ShareGrid) began with all the right kinds of bravado.
“I'm Bill Watterson. I directed the fuck out of that movie.”
The movie he directed the fuck out of was Dave Made a Maze, the breakout Slamdance slacker comedy about a man whose cardboard fort takes on a life of its own, becoming larger on the inside than it is on the outside. Most of the film takes place inside of that cardboard world, which was no easy task. If the Q&A did anything, it served as a reminder of the power and importance of good pre-production.
Director Bill Watterson: “It was a very visual script even before Steve [Sears] and I started going line-for-line and figuring out, ‘What is this about?' Focusing on character, making sure everything's consistent, it was visual out of the gate. Your mind goes to exciting places, which is why we got good people. They read it and their minds went to the same places. I don't think until I saw [Production Designer] John Sumner's first Production Design Bible, which is a work of art, frankly, that's when it started to get real… We were at [Production Designer] Trisha [Gum]'s apartment and he was just going through PDF's and I went, ‘Well this is a movie now.' It was way before we had a single actor attached, before we had most of the financing, everyone was working on a promise.”
Turning those pre-production concepts into an on-set reality required serious talent. Luckily, this cardboard-centered movie shooting in LA was able to get the help of the totally-real-thing Cardboard Institute of Technology located in San Francisco.
Meera Rohit Kumbhani (left) with Bill Watterson (right) at the ATLFF premiere.
Watterson: “I don't know that we knew how awesome the cardboard aspect was going to be, in the writing. We got all the right people to get it done, obviously, on the art department side, but when the Art Director [Jeff White] got his hands on it, he said, ‘Well, I know a guy from the Cardboard Institute of Technology.' The word just started spreading among people who work in fine art in cardboard as a medium. They just started flocking to the project. They were inspired and excited and it was just a matter of setting them free.”
Having the right talent was key, and it made for a pretty unique set experience.
Watterson: “Every day on set, anywhere you looked, there was somebody with a box cutter and a glue gun just going to town.”
While the film's practical effects charmingly recall adventure films from the 1980's, for Watterson, they're as essential to the story as they are aesthetically charming.
Watterson: “It was a movie about an artist that made things with his hands, so it just felt like we had to do as much as possible to have practical effects, which I consider stop-motion animation a practical effect because even though the actor has to work with something that isn't there, ultimately it is a practical effect. If you don't then make everything with your hands, then you're basically telling the audience, ‘I think you're dumb.' It felt like a lie to the audience, if we didn't do as much, practically, as possible. Also, the people that we've got on board… They came from that stop-motion world, so we knew that we had people who could do it. It wasn't just a matter of, ‘It would be fun if…' It was like, ‘Let him do his thing.'”
The film's tight budget meant a small shooting space for the sets, forcing the crew to revolve sets constantly through production.
Watterson: “We never had any more than two sets, maybe two and a half, up at any one time. The apartment set that we built took up at least two thirds of our shooting space. We had a sound stage in Glendale.”
Producer John Charles Meyer: “We had a shit box in Glendale.”
Producer John Charles Meyer at the ATLFF premiere.
Watterson: “We had a space in Glendale… We shot the first seven or eight days shooting the beginning and end of the film that just took place in the apartment… Once we were able to take down and start building smaller sets, none of them lasted more than a day or two. My favorite set of all, we called it the ‘Kubrick corridor,' that existed for maybe three hours, maybe 4 hours, it was constructed in time for us to shoot and destroyed within the hour. Nothing was really standing. We didn't have any time to pre-light, didn't have any time to rehearse in the space.”
Despite the film's limited budget, some aspects of the set were able to make it out of production intact.
Watterson: “The puppets are all intact, thankfully, no puppets were harmed during the making of the movie.”
Producer John Chuldenko: “Except the Minotaur.”
Watterson: “Oh yeah, I forgot about that.”
Keep in mind that this ambitious indie was Watterson's first feature as a director (he also co-wrote it), and the story is odd enough to be a risky reach to wider audiences. Those anxieties, for Watterson, were extinguished by his drive to tell this story.
Watterson: “I wasn't scared of making a weird movie. I knew it was a weird movie. I wanted to make the movie I wanted to make, and I knew I couldn't direct a film, especially my first film, unless I believed in it passionately and knew it inside and out. I can tell this story… I may not have a future as a director, but I can tell this story. There wasn't fear in that regard, there were plenty of other fears [laughs]. I wouldn't tell this to an agent or anything, but all of my favorite movies bombed, so, I don't know where to go with that [laughs]... But I think the people to whom this will speak it will speak loudly, and that means more to me than reaching the masses.”
The Dave Made a Maze team was very forthcoming during their wide-ranging Q&A at the Atlanta Film Festival, and the audience was all the more receptive for it. There was one topic, though, that they weren't so keen on answering.
Audience Member: “What was the film's budget?”
Producer John Charles Meyer: “We don't answer that question.”
Watterson: “I'll tell you what. You tell me what the budget is, and judging by my laughter, you'll figure it out retroactively.”
Well-played. And if you're keeping score, that's two cardboard-loving filmmakers we've covered in just over a month here at ShareGrid. You're welcome.
The anti-Trump “Tax” protest where Maxine Waters led the crowd in a pathetic “Impeach 45″ chant, was an event sponsored by communist George Soros.
Is anyone surprised?
Watch the video:
From American Mirror
Anti-Trump protesters have taken to the streets all over the U.S. on Saturday to call for President Donald Trump to release his tax returns.
What is not being reported by the mainstream media about this massive march is that most of the organizers and partners are openly funded by George Soros or they have close ties to Soros.
The official website for the Tax March lists the following eight groups as organizers for the event: American Federation of Teachers, Americans for Tax Fairness, Center for Popular Democracy, Indivisible Project, MoveOn.Org, Our Revolution, and The Working Families Party.
Six of those eight groups are either openly funded by George Soros directly or tied to Soros money.
Here's a scenario for you to ponder. About 6 years, the groundbreaking social media site MySpace was on top of the world. MySpace enjoyed unprecedented success as an online social networking company largely because there wasn't any real competition. MySpace might have looked like a cluttered mess of ads slapped onto a hastily designed interface, but that didn't really stop the company from signing up hundreds of millions of followers.
Then comes Facebook, the social media platform which came out of nowhere in late 2006/early 2007 to take the world by storm. MySpace stood no chance against Facebook, which easily supplanted it as the number one social media network within a few short months of opening its doors to all users.
In my opinion, it was the simplicity and clean aesthetic of Facebook's layout that ultimately won over the public. Gone were the spammy ads and poorly thought out layout that MySpace got away with for so long—Facebook had a catchy color scheme and an intuitive interface that appealed to most users. The Facebook wall, the ability to tag friends in photos, the way that you could keep tabs on your friend all reflected the fact that Mark Zuckerberg and his designers put a lot of thought into the way that people would use the social media service. This stood in stark contrast to MySpace, which had long since had an aesthetic that basically said, “We don't need to make this any easier, let the user figure it out.”
Personally I think that Facebook is now becoming the MySpace in this new era of social media. Sure, Facebook is the undisputed king of the genre, boasting nearly a billion users and countless tie-ins with other online services like Spotify and iTunes that help solidify it's relevancy in today's thriving web market. Everyone was so confident about the company's invincibility that Facebook went public. Much to the consternation of Mark Zuckerberg and a host of investors, Facebook has failed to keep both its stock prices or its profits high.
So what happened?
In my opinion this is the MySpace story all over again. Facebook is suffering from some major usability issues as a result of its huge success: the site is covered with targeted ads and every other status update is from some sponsor or third-party tie in trying to get you to sign up for a new service. Facebook's simple and austere interface has had more alterations and face lifts than I care to count, often to the chagrin of its millions of users. I think that Facebook needs to clean up its act (and most importantly its interface) soon before they go the way of MySpace.
Newer online services are enjoying huge successes because they've embraced the simple and clean aesthetics that appeal to all web users. Think about the basic layout of hugely popular online services like Pinterest—they're stripped down to the most basic elements and features, and consumers can't seem to get enough of it. I fear that Facebook won't enjoy success much longer if they don't listen to users and revert to the minimalistic feel that has always served it so well.
What do you think about the usability of Facebook? Does it work for you, or do you want something different from them?
(Lead image: Depositphotos)
Following yesterday's announcement of Shaqiri's £12,000,000 arrival, the Ticket Office has been inundated with requests to purchase season cards and tickets for upcoming matches.Those remaining for Saturday's Barclays Premier League clash with Tottenham Hotspur were instantly snapped up, whilst there is now only limited availability for the Potters' upcoming home matches.Supporters looking to purchase tickets for the games with West Bromwich Albion, Leicester City and Bournemouth at the Britannia Stadium are asked to do so now to avoid disappointment.Retail stores have also been receiving an unprecedented level of orders with the Shaqiri-printed '22' shirts already the fastest selling in the Club's history.Purchase your tickets and shirts online via scfcdirect.com by clicking HERE Tickets can also be purchased in person at the Britannia Stadium's Ticket Office and by phone on (01782) 367599, whilst shirts can be purchased at both the Britannia Stadium and intu Potteries Club Stores, or through the mail order hotline on (01782) 826419.
Palestinians and Israeli security forces clashed inside the Jerusalem compound that houses the al-Aqsa mosque on Thursday night, as thousands of Muslims rushed to pray at the site for the first time in nearly two weeks following Israel's removal of controversial security devices.
Scenes of jubilation inside one of the city's most revered sites had greeted the early morning removal of all additional security measures imposed on the site by Israeli security forces, following days of Palestinian street protests over the devices.
But the celebrations turned to scenes of chaos in the evening as Israeli police threw stun grenades in a narrow lane outside one of the mosque's main entrances. Israeli police said they responded after stones were thrown at officers at the gates to the site.
Q&A Why is the al-Aqsa mosque compound administered by Jordan?​ Show Hide Jordan is the custodian of the Al-Aqsa mosque compound in east Jerusalem that has been at the centre of Palestinian protests after Israel introduced controversial security measures​ at the site earlier this month.
Though the devices – including metal detectors and barriers – have been removed, tensions remain high. The compound, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount, is sacred for both sides and​ has long been a lightning rod for their​ rival religious and national narratives.
Jordan's Hashemite monarchy has administered the site since 1924, paying for its upkeep and​ deriving part of its legitimacy from the role. Israel captured east Jerusalem from Jordan in the 1967 war, and annexed the area – a move that was never internationally recognised. But under fragile diplomatic arrangements, Jordan​continued as​ custodian, which was reaffirmed in its peace treaty with Israel in 1994.
Many of Jordan's seven million citizens are of Palestinian origin. On Thursday, King Abdullah of Jordan urged Israel to “respect the historical and legal situation in the holy shrine to prevent the recurrence of these crises”.
The Palestinian Red Crescent said 100 Palestinians were hurt, including some by rubber bullets and beatings. It said several people suffered broken bones.
Palestinians had been boycotting entry to the site while the additional security measures – introduced after three Israeli Arabs killed two Israeli police officers at an entrance to the compound on 14 July – remained in place.
In a surprise reversal, the extra security – including barriers and infrastructure for new cameras – were removed by workers in the early hours of Thursday following the dismantling of metal detectors earlier this week, amid fears of unrest during what were expected to be large protests around Friday prayers.
Play Video 0:34 Israeli police deploy stun grenades at al-Aqsa mosque – video
Thursday was the first day in almost a fortnight in which Muslim officials had ruled it was permissible to enter the compound to pray.
“After extensive discussion and after achieving this victory in this round we call on our people in Jerusalem and inside (Israel) and anyone who can access the al-Aqsa Mosque to enter ... en masse,” the Islamic leaders said in a statement.
However, as thousands of joyful worshippers packed the area outside of the Lions Gate entrance to the mosque compound for afternoon prayers, it became clear that one of the key entrances – the Huta gate – was still being blocked by Israeli border police, who only allowed worshippers to enter at the last moment.
Tensions were heightened further still as police opened and closed the gate several times before dispersing the crowd with stun grenades.
The confrontations continued inside the mosque compound itself where police fired tear gas and rubber bullets as Palestinians threw stones inside the site that is holy to Muslims and Jews.
The 15-hectare (37-acre) compound, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount, has long been a lightning rod for the rival religious and national narratives of the two sides.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An official of the Waqf, the Islamic institution that administers the compound housing the al-Aqsa mosque, is carried shoulder high by Palestinian worshippers to one of the main entrances to the shrine. Photograph: Peter Beaumont for the Guardian
There have been signs that the prayer protest movement – which drew thousands each night to largely non-violent gatherings – had given an unusual sense of empowerment to Palestinians in East Jerusalem who have long lived without their own political institutions under Israeli occupation.
Israeli security analysts had noted that the Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, had thrown his weight behind the movement, suspending security coordination with Israel.
The Islamist group Hamas also sought to endorse the street protests, and hailed the removal of the security measures. Izzat Risheq, a senior leader, tweeted that Palestinians had achieved a “historic victory … tomorrow they will celebrate the removal of the occupation itself”.
Ahead of the clashes there had been a festival spirit in the streets around the mosque with worshippers handing out sweets to passersby to celebrate. Among those who had gathered was a family of three women, Safa, Rima and Arin Shamsiya.
“We feel so happy,” said Safa. “It has been the most stressful two weeks ever. But the sense of community among the Palestinians of Jerusalem has been incredible in standing up for al-Aqsa.”
Firas Abasi said he felt like crying over the “victory”. “For 12 days no one has slept, no one has done anything except the al-Aqsa mosque,” he said.
Mohammed Abu Sneina, a cook who works in Tel Aviv, told the Guardian he had told his manager he could not come to work while he was protesting over the Israeli-imposed security measures at al-Aqsa.
“I need to be here,” he said. “I've been coming each day since early in the morning.”
After parts of the crowd were sent scattering by stun grenades the mood changed sharply. “It's the Israelis who are doing this,” screamed a woman who declined to give her name. “They said that we could come here to pray today and then they do this.”
Jordan is the Muslim custodian of the shrine Islam's third-holiest site after Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia. Muslims believe the site marks the spot where the prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven.
Jews also revere the hilltop compound as the Temple Mount, site of the two Jewish biblical temples. It is the holiest site in Judaism, and the nearby Western Wall, a remnant of one of the temples, is the holiest place where Jews can pray.
King Abdullah of Jordan urged Israel to “respect the historical and legal situation in the holy shrine to prevent the recurrence of these crises”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Palestinian worshippers pray between police security barriers in the street outside the Lions' Gate entrance to the compound. Photograph: Peter Beaumont for the Guardian
Israeli far-right political leaders, on whom the prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, is dependent to keep his coalition in power, criticised the removal of the security devices.
Naftali Bennett, the education minister and a member of the security cabinet, told Army Radio that Israel had been weakened by the decision. “I anticipate an increase in violence soon,” he said. “Every time that Israel strategically caves, we get an intifada. You sort of benefit in the short term, but you cause damage in the long run.”
Netanyahu has faced a growing backlash from both his political opponents and even his traditional backers for his handling of the crisis. Perhaps most extraordinarily, his stance was denounced as “feeble and frightened” by Israel Hayom, a freesheet that usually backs him unquestioningly.
The paper, nicknamed the Bibiton combining the Hebrew word for paper and Netanyahu's nickname, condemned the prime minister's “demonstration of helplessness”.
In a populist move, apparently designed to try and repair his credentials with his rightwing base, Netanyahu said on Thursday that the Palestinian who killed three Israelis last week should be executed.
“The death penalty for terrorists is something that the time has come to do,” the prime minister told the family of the dead Israelis.
Though Israeli law permits the death penalty, the Israeli government has only put one person to death: Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann, in 1962.
Every March, spring has sprung -- flowers are blooming, trees are regaining their foliage and temperatures are rising. Every year, right around this time, Michael Beasley signs with some random NBA team after dominating in China.
This year it's the Houston Rockets, where Beasley signed last week after averaging 32 points and being named the Chinese League MVP. Although Beasley played a couple of games, his first real chance at minutes came Friday against the Boston Celtics. It was like he had never left.
Enjoy this beautiful, beautiful stat line from B-Easy: 18 points, 15 minutes, 9-of-19 shooting, eight rebounds. That's NINETEEN field goal attempts in FIFTEEN minutes. OK, yeah, Beasley's officially back.
If you were wondering whether anyone has ever shot that many times with so few minutes, the answer is no. At least since the 1983-84 season, as far as basketball-reference.com goes back, no NBA player has ever attempted 19 or more field goals in 15 or fewer minutes.
I think the only question left is whether we elect Michael Beasley to the Hall of Fame immediately or wait until the season's over.
* * *
It's Not Over: Aaron Gordon and Zach Lavine extend their dunk contest
Be sure to subscribe to SB Nation's YouTube channel for highlight videos, features, analysis and more
The Wal-Mart bribery scandal, which first broke in April, continues to unfold.
This week, The New York times exposed more sordid details on how Wal-Mart's Mexican division bribed government officials to secure building permits in the country.
The world's largest retailer is no stranger to controversy, but will its latest tale of corporate misdeeds finally be the straw that broke the camel's back, turning off consumers, and even deterring some from shopping Wal-Mart's ubiquitous stores? Probably not, branding experts said.
“My take is that consumers in the U.S. don't care,” Robert Passikoff, founder and president of research consultancy Brand Keys, told Forbes.
Wal-Mart has weathered public attacks for everything from its allegedly discriminatory hiring practices and anti-union stance, to more recently, its workers' health care policy, he said.
That doesn't mean Wal-Mart consumers don't consider the retailer's actions unsavory. But they'll say, “'it isn't right,' and still go there to buy something three-for $2.99.”
Company misdeeds tend to do more damage to higher-end brands, Passikoff argues.
For one, “People have different standards for a department store than they do for a discount store. This would be more hurtful to a Bloomingdale's.
“Dealing under the table" makes more of an impression on shoppers as you “move up the value scale,” so the fallout of a company misdeed “would be [even] worse at a Tiffany or Cartier,” he said.
Shoppers' Short Attention Span
Even when a corporate scandal has the potential to do harm to shoppers or their loved ones, they often fail to make a meaningful mark on consumers' buying habits, said Candace Corlett, president of marketing consultancy WSL Strategic Retail.
“What history has shown us time and again is that shoppers have short memories when it comes to retail scandals or product recalls, and rarely vote with their wallets," she said.
“A story that should have made a lasting impression on shoppers was a few years ago at Christmas regarding the lead in toys that were made in China. In spite of all the headlines about child safety, there was no long term impact from this scare, and most toys are still made in China,” Corlett said.
Hence, “it is unlikely that U.S shoppers will think twice about spending in Wal-Mart because of a scandal over stores in Mexico."
Wal-Mart has largely withstood damage to its public image, in part, because many of the company's conservative values are in line with those of its core shopping base, Howard Belk, CEO of Siegel + Gale, a branding firm that counts retailers and consumer products companies among its clients, told Forbes. For one, "there are a lot of people who are not sympathetic to unions," he said.
Regardless of bad press, for many Wal-Mart shoppers who live on a tight budget, the retailer's message is about "empathizing with people's lives, offering savings everyday, and they [believe Wal-Mart] gets what they're dealing with, which is making ends meet and living paycheck to paycheck," a starkly different branding message than rival Target, which caters to a higher-income consumer, Belk said.
What's more, much of Wal-Mart's financially strapped shoppers "don't have the luxury" to worry about the moral compass of the stores they shop, he said.
Chinese-based agency Macland is advertising a 4 per cent guarantee over three years for Cumberland Green apartments in Rouse Hill. Buyers also go into a draw to win a new car.
So effective was the incentive, Chinese-based group Property Investors Alliance (PIA) said some smaller agents were copying their guarantee ad campaigns on Gumtree to attract investors. PIA is offering 3.2 to 3.8 per cent guarantees over three years.
While sellers, whether agents or developers, have used rental guarantees in good projects, traditionally they have been used to entice buyers to buy properties at a premium to their actual value. They use part of the profit to make up the shortfall between the rent the property generates and the amount they promised investors.
APRA's curbs to investor lending have also slowed apartment sales.
Growland's Victoria Square. Scharp
"Since the regulatory changes took place earlier this year, investor sales have dropped significantly, which will likely result in reduced rental supply and push prices up even higher," Growland chief executive Ronald Chan said.
"Growland is happy to be able to offer an incentive to bring investors back to the residential market, ultimately benefiting Melbourne renters."
Apartment values, even in Sydney, have fallen between 3 to 5 per cent in the past year, Macland chief executive Leo Jia said.
Advertisement
"Sales are slow, investors have declined, so you can only imagine the developer will have to employ every marketing tactic to sell. Many of them need to just meet presales to get their projects underway, and it's sometimes down to the last say, ten units."
As such guarantees have risen across the eastern seaboard, PIA chief executive Justin Wang added. "If it's more than 4 per cent in Sydney and the property is not in a regional area, which usually gets a higher rental yield, I would be concerned."
SQM Research offers a benchmark of a maximum of 4.5 per cent for Sydney CBD, 6 per cent for Brisbane and 4 per cent in Melbourne. The further away from the CBD, and therefore the cheaper the apartment prices, yields rise.
Buyers should also check the background of the group underwriting the guarantee, The Agency's Matt Lahood said.
"If the group is not there in four years, a six year guarantee is useless," he said.
"Get an independent assessment of the yield. You need to know what happens after the two years of guarantee for the rest of the 30 years you are holding the property."
But online apartment marketer Investorist's Jon Ellis says guarantees do not mean developers are trying to flog off poor-value units. They use it throughout the sales campaign even for good projects.
"Many developers do use this instrument at the start of their developments, it is especially prevalent with developers who sell offshore and via financial planning companies," he said.
"This buyer incentive is probably less known publicly as it is not commonly promoted to direct consumers."
"However when only investors are targeted this is a commonly used instrument."
Take the Defence Housing Authority, which guarantees investors a rental income but as a government-backed program, it does not seek to make profits above market value of dwellings.
Observing the size of generated test data
QuickCheck has a function called sample which, given a generator, prints some examples values to the standard output (stdout).
It's signature is:
sample :: Show a => Gen a -> IO ()
Example
Using to choose generator we can use sample to generate random integers in the inclusive range [0, 9] and print them:
λ sample $ choose ( 0 , 9 :: Int )
Output:
1 5 0 2 3 4 6 5 5 4 1
The sample function defined in FsCheck
FsCheck also defines a sample function, though it behaves in a slightly different way, as it takes two additional arguments size and n :
val sample : size : int -> n : int -> gn : Gen < ' a > -> ' a list // `size` is the size of generated test data // `n` is the number of samples (defaults to 11 in QuickCheck)
Let's pause here and run sample by supplying different values for size .
Using 0 for size
open FsCheck . Gen let sample' = sample 0 11 // Size = 0, Number of samples = 11 let sample'' = sample' <| choose ( 0 , 9 )
Output:
Length = 11 [0]: 4 [1]: 0 [2]: 4 [3]: 0 [4]: 3 [5]: 9 [6]: 3 [7]: 9 [8]: 2 [9]: 8 [10]: 2
However, since size is 0 the result should be:
Length = 11 [0]: 0 [1]: 0 [2]: 0 [3]: 0 [4]: 0 [5]: 0 [6]: 0 [7]: 0 [8]: 0 [9]: 0 [10]: 0
Using 1000 for size
open FsCheck . Gen let sample' = sample 1000 11 // Size = 1000, Number of samples = 11 let sample'' = sample' <| choose ( 0 , 9 )
Output:
Length = 11 [0]: 8 [1]: 6 [2]: 2 [3]: 3 [4]: 7 [5]: 3 [6]: 1 [7]: 2 [8]: 6 [9]: 2 [10]: 0
The above result looks incorrect, in fact it looks the same as the first result, where size was 0.
Since size is 1000 the result should look like:
Length = 11 [0]: -78 [1]: 347 [2]: 242 [3]: 707 [4]: 414 [5]: 49 [6]: 551 [7]: 45 [8]: 897 [9]: -99 [10]: 77
At this point, we observed that if a generator ignores size (e.g. as choose does) then sample ignores it's size parameter.
Just sample with a different generator, then.
Instead of the choose generator, the following example uses generate<int> .
Using 0 for size
open FsCheck . Arb open FsCheck . Gen let sample' = sample 0 11 // Size = 0, Number of samples = 11 let sample'' = sample' <| generate < int >
The results are now looking good:
Length = 11 [0]: 0 [1]: 0 [2]: 0 [3]: 0 [4]: 0 [5]: 0 [6]: 0 [7]: 0 [8]: 0 [9]: 0 [10]: 0
That's because generate<int> takes size into account.
Using 1000 for size
open FsCheck . Arb open FsCheck . Gen let sample' = sample 1000 11 // Size = 1000, Number of samples = 11 let sample'' = sample' <| generate < int >
The results are now looking good:
Length = 11 [0]: -98 [1]: 307 [2]: 142 [3]: 507 [4]: 414 [5]: 39 [6]: 501 [7]: 4 [8]: 807 [9]: -81 [10]: 31
How to always control the size of test data, then?
That seems to be the purpose of the sized function.
For the sake of completeness, here's the original example with choose rewritten to use sized :
sample and choose, using 0 for size
open FsCheck . Gen let sample' = sample 0 11 // Size = 0, Number of samples = 11 let sample'' = sample' <| ( sized <| fun s -> choose ( 0 , s ))
Results to the following, which is now correct:
Length = 11 [0]: 0 [1]: 0 [2]: 0 [3]: 0 [4]: 0 [5]: 0 [6]: 0 [7]: 0 [8]: 0 [9]: 0 [10]: 0
sample and choose, using 1000 for size
open FsCheck . Gen let sample' = sample 1000 11 // Size = 1000, Number of samples = 11 let sample'' = sample' <| ( sized <| fun s -> choose (- s , s ))
Results to the following, which now looks correct:
Length = 11 [0]: 105 [1]: 682 [2]: -239 [3]: 658 [4]: -6 [5]: 9 [6]: 203 [7]: -43 [8]: 304 [9]: -125 [10]: -423
References
Appendix
The above F# examples use the backward pipe <| operator to look similar to the Haskell examples. In F#, it's idiomatic to use the forward pipe operator instead.</p>
Using the forward pipe operator, the previous example would be:
let result = ( fun s -> Gen . choose (- s , s )) |> Gen . sized |> Gen . sample 1000 11
━━━
This post has been filed under fscheck haskell quickcheck f#
© 2015-03-21 Nikos Baxevanis <nikos.baxevanis@gmail.com>
Roll up, roll up, it's another generous helping of digitally-downloaded goodness from our North American Nintendo Download report! Feast your eyeballs on the following treats and start counting those virtual pennies - there's purchasing to be done.
3DS eShop
Rising Board 3D (odenis studio, $2.99) — Set in the same wacky world as Pop Island, this unique title mixes together surfing and stunt-work to create one of the most visually striking eShop games we've seen so far. Unfortunately we had mixed feelings about the gameplay, so be sure to check out our Rising Board 3D review before buying.
Last Chance!
It's your last Chance to Get Pokédex 3D, this free download will be withdrawn from the eShop on 1st October. Pokédex 3D Pro will be arriving on the 3DS eShop on 8th November to take its place for a price.
3DS eShop Demo
The "Denpa" Men: They Came By Wave (Genius Sonority Inc - free demo) - Mysterious little creatures called "Denpa" Men float around near radio waves. You can't see them normally, but you can find them and catch them in this dungeon RPG for Nintendo 3DS. Download the demo for now to see what you think — the full game is out on the 27th September, along with our review.
Video
Meat or Die: Naomi - Your favorite dim-witted dinosaurs are back on the search for meat! This time, when Yans is tempted to go vegetarian, Gans snaps him out of it and refocuses their attention on their next big prize: Naomi. (For Nintendo 3DS / Nintendo 3DS XL)
DSiWare
Retro Pocket (UFO Interactive Games, $4.99 / 500 pts ) - Retro Pocket is a fun and exciting video game that brings you back to the glory days of LED handhelds! Watch out for our review.
WiiWare
La-Mulana (EnjoyUp Games, 1000 Points) — This game's epic quest to WiiWare is almost as thrilling and action-packed as an Indiana Jones movie. Thankfully, there's a happy end to this tale as La-Mulana is now available in North America (and Europe) and looks better than ever. Our review is still in the works but we'd be very surprised if this turns out to be anything but amazing.
If you own a Wii then there's a very good chance you'll be picking La-Mulana this week. Regardless of your choice, be sure to take a second or two to vote in our all-important poll below.
Artist's illustration of an atom chip for use by NASA's Cold Atom Laboratory (CAL), which will use lasers to cool atoms to ultracold temperatures. CAL is scheduled to launch to the space station in August 2017.
The International Space Station (ISS) will soon host the coldest spot in the entire universe, if everything goes according to plan.
This August, NASA plans to launch to the ISS an experiment that will freeze atoms to less than 1 billionth of a degree above absolute zero — more than 100 million times colder than the far reaches of deep space, agency officials said. (Earlier NASA statements put the experiment temperature at one ten billionth of a degree.)
The instrument suite, which is about the size of an ice chest, is called the Cold Atom Laboratory (CAL). It consists of lasers, a vacuum chamber and an electromagnetic "knife" that together will slow down gas particles until they are almost motionless. (Remember that temperature is just a measurement of how fast atoms and molecules are moving.) [Watch a video about the CAL]
If successful, CAL could help unlock some of the universe's deepest mysteries, project leaders said.
"Studying these hypercold atoms could reshape our understanding of matter and the fundamental nature of gravity," Robert Thompson, a CAL project scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California, said in a statement. "The experiments we'll do with the Cold Atom Lab will give us insight into gravity and dark energy — some of the most pervasive forces in the universe."
Attempts to create Bose-Einstein condensates on Earth have been only partially successful to date. Because everything on Earth is subject to the pull of gravity, atoms and molecules tend to move toward the ground. This means the effects can only be seen for fractions of a second. In space, where the ISS is in perpetual freefall, CAL could preserve these structures for 5 to 10 seconds, NASA officials said. (Future versions of CAL may be able to hold on for hundreds of seconds, if technology improves as expected, officials added.)
The researchers hope CAL observations will lead to the improvement of several technologies, such as quantum computers, atomic clocks for spacecraft navigation and sensors of various types — including some that could help detect dark energy. The current model of the universe suggests we can only see about 5 percent of what's out there. The remainder is split between dark matter (27 percent) and dark energy (68 percent).
"This means that even with all of our current technologies, we are still blind to 95 percent of the universe," JPL's Kamal Oudrhiri, CAL deputy project manager, said in the same statement. "Like a new lens in Galileo's first telescope, the ultra-sensitive cold atoms in the Cold Atom Lab have the potential to unlock many mysteries beyond the frontiers of known physics."
CAL, which was developed at JPL, is scheduled to fly to the ISS this August aboard SpaceX's robotic Dragon cargo capsule. Final testing is underway ahead of CAL's shipment to the launch pad in Cape Canaveral, Florida, NASA officials said.
Follow Elizabeth Howell @howellspace, or Space.com @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Via Wikimedia Commons Customs agents found tea kettles and irons bugged with freaky Spyware chips that exploit WiFi connections, reports Rosbalt, the local news outlet out of St. Petersberg.
The chips, the paper claims, can exploit WiFi without passwords at a range of "up to 200 meters" and then "sends some data to the foreign server."
The Register did some digging and found the story legit. They also surmise the supposed bugging could be pulled off with ease:
We see no reason why not: the components are small and cheap enough. One last wrinkle: could one convert Russia's 220v electricity supply to power a small electronic device without frying it, and without making an iron or kettle look rather odd? The answer is yes: all manner of tiny PCB transformers can be had to do the job.
The Register's "one problem" with the story stems from the customs agents' claim that they found the chips because the shipments were overweight.
"We surmise that whoever made the killer kettles and infiltrated irons cobbled them together with unlovely components that made their presence obvious," writes Simon Sharwood of The Register.
Well, aside from China's (cheap) "cobbled together" products (that spy on people), we have one other problem: why spy on regular people.
Unless, of course, they were just a test for a more surreptitious operation to plant such wifi microchips.
Maybe, they'll do like Russia and hand out thumb drives at the next G20 meeting?
One of the gravest casualties of the 10-year US-led war in Iraq is the destruction of the country's cultural heritage, Iraqi archaeologist and architect Ihsan Fathi told RT.
On top of thousands of looted or illegally obtained cultural artifacts during the war, billions of dollars have also been transferred out of “Iraq's Central banks to US without any paper trail.”
“I'm sure that everything that was stored in the Central and other banks was sent to the US without any documentation and now is kept in archives,” Fathi said. “Huge amounts of documents representing historical importance that cannot be assigned a monetary value were taken by the US.”
And all attempts to reclaim the country's stolen treasures failed: “The Iraqi government was trying to get them back but the American Administration wanted to strike a deal and return only half of the documents,” he explained.
The Iraqi architect estimated there are about “35,000 small and large items missing from the National Museum of Iraq… The Iraqi museum, for example, was plundered before their very eyes. The plundering lasted for three days without the occupation forces stepping in at all.”
Also, in cities like Babylon artifacts were damaged after Polish troops took over the area and “used heavy armor, tanks and helicopters” for “construction work for their military infrastructure … and seriously damaged many archeological sites in the area.”
RT:Mr. Ihsan Fethi, you witnessed the looting of Iraqi cultural treasures. Everybody knows what was happening in Iraq after the American occupation. What will be the consequences of all this for Iraq's culture?
Ihsan Fethi: As you know, our civilization originated on the territories where Iraq is now. We have historic landmarks that are over 10,000 years old. And everybody thinks that Iraq is responsible for preserving this cultural heritage. But unfortunately, Iraq is the world leader in having destruction visited on its historic sites. This destruction started during the Mongol invasion in 1258 and continued all the way to the 20th century, when the Iraqi state was formed. We've suffered great losses.
During the 1991 occupation, the Americans reached the suburbs of Hillah. Many of the museums in the city were looted, and the US forces just let that happened. But even more damage was done in 2003, when Iraq was occupied. I will not talk about the nature of that operation right now – whether that campaign was to liberate or occupy our country. It surprises me that some intellectuals in Iraq still refuse to call this campaign an occupation. The UN Security Council resolution #1483, passed on May 22, 2003, calls the international military contingency in Iraq occupying forces. This was the official status of the international coalition. This was an occupation.
Prior to the occupation a number of international organizations – including those for protection of archaeological sites which are responsible for preserving these very sites – had officially informed the USA and President Bush in particular, that as a consequence, the cultural and historical heritage of Iraq might be found in deplorable state. Among cultural advisers to President Bush there were four experts who were suggesting that the preservation of Iraqi historical and cultural landmarks should have been his priority task.
RT: Still, the US allowed the looting of Iraqi historical landmarks, or maybe even gave a spur to this. Can you tell us the exact number of looted sites if there is such information at all?
IF: This is a frequently asked question, too, and the answer is clear to me. People who were in charge of Iraqi museums didn't have any detailed lists or catalogues that would enroll all cultural and historical monuments and antiquities. In particular, it refers to the National Museum of Iraq in Baghdad, which is regarded as one of the world's largest and most important museums. The museum items should have been inspected annually, but unfortunately, the inspection was either not carried out at all, or it was not full. That is why we can't define the exact number of stolen artifacts. However, some experts tend to think that there are about 35,000 small and large items missing from the National Museum of Iraq.
RT:And they haven't been regained, right?
IF: To our regret, only a small portion has been returned. Valuable artifacts are always looted when there is a conflict and the atmosphere of chaos reigns. And international experience has proven that at best only 10 percent of them are usually regained.
RT:The former regime is considered to have taken special care of rare gold artifacts and gold bars, which were of great importance. Were these items stolen, too?
IF: A great number of gold artifacts and gold bars were kept in some palaces of the former president. This gold has been misappropriated. Iraqi authorities had no idea about the amount of the stolen antiquities. In addition, large amounts of currency have been also misappropriated. The country's Central banks and other banks had accounted for billions of dollars, and now all these funds have been transferred to the USA without any paper trail.
And this does not refer only to the objects of value. They have also moved out of the country tons of documents that captured the history of Iraq. These documents are priceless. All that gold is nothing compared to those historical documents that are now locked up somewhere in a US archive. The government of Iraq has attempted to return these documents home, but the Americans are trying to make a deal here and offer to return only half of the documents. The reason they are giving is that they are trying to repair the documents from the presidential palace and Iraqi special services archives, but no one knows the true story behind this.
Also, a lot of documents have been moved from the Foreign Ministry and state security agencies to the US by Adnan Makiya, with the help of the occupation authorities – allegedly for the Iraq Memory Foundation. This operation had been planned long before the war. We have the information that these documents were sold to one of the American universities. Things like this should not be allowed to happen.
RT:Is it true that there are some valuable Jewish manuscripts among the misappropriated documents, including one of the oldest copies of Torah, which is now said to be in Israel?
IF: Yes, there are some documents in the stolen archives that belonged to Iraq's Jewish community. Some of these centuries-old documents are now in the USA. According to international regulations, the occupation authorities have no right to move local cultural and material values. On the contrary, it is their duty to preserve these values. Iraq must insist on its right to recover all of the illegally moved objects, down to the very smallest ones.
RT:So, Iraq has lost some valuable pieces of its cultural heritage under the conniving eye of the occupational authorities. But is it possible, on the other hand, that the present-day level of culture in the Iraqi society is insufficient to address the task of preserving Iraq's historical heritage?
IF: Yes, of course. I would say that we should blame not just Iraqi people, but also trade unions and other civil society organizations for not taking necessary measures in order to preserve the great Iraqi heritage. Even archeologists didn't do anything.
But interestingly, when the US occupation ended, some of Bush's advisors resigned over the fact that the US and other countries didn't do anything to preserve Iraqi historical sites. They were protecting objects like the Oil Ministry and others that were strategic to the US occupation forces. Even Americans themselves acknowledge that they are responsible for the destruction of many archeological sites, especially in Babylon. This city was first occupied by US forces, and later they handed it over to the Polish troops.
Several thousand Polish soldiers lived there, they used heavy armor, tanks and helicopters; they were doing construction work for their military infrastructure. This seriously damaged many archeological sites in the area. Later, the US occupation authorities offered a laughable amount of money – some $20 million – for the restoration of damaged archeological objects. Several years ago at a conference in Paris, I addressed some ranking State Department officials and demanded that the US provide at least $1 billion for the restoration of Iraqi historical buildings. But the US didn't respond to that.
In many cases, Americans just allowed our museums to be looted. The National Museum was looted within three days. And Americans would not do a thing to keep the exhibits safe. That's why Americans should take full responsibility for that.
Several men then continue to punch the unconscious victim, and kick him in the head, before turning on his 23-year-old girlfriend.Police say the attack, at a bar in Elizabeth St in Melbourne's CBD early on January 11, appears to have been triggered by something the man said."The male, after saying something, has obviously upset this group and has been punched and kicked unconscious," Detective Senior Constable Matt Folvig told reporters. "Then, while his girlfriend has tried to protect him, she's also been assaulted several times." The victims don't know the identity of their attackers, and police have released footage of the violence in the hope the public can help. Det Sen Const Folvig said although they were all drinking together before the incident, the victims were only acquaintances with their attackers. It appears to us that they've just known each other from other meetings at the karaoke bar, when they've been there in the past," he said.The male victim has little memory of the incident, which left him and his girlfriend with bruising. "I'm very surprised there aren't more serious injuries given the viciousness of the assault," Det Sen Const Folvig said.
News
(Photo: A new look at Heroin)
Presented in the aptly titled ‘All You can Feel' collection, photographer Sarah Schönfeld has taken a fascinating insight to the aesthetic intricacies of favourite drugs. Forget fun prints on pills (Snoopy Speed, anyone?), the photos intimately discover the secret art of narcotics.
Getting up close and personal with MDMA, heroin, speed and ketamine amongst others, Schönfeld exposed a single piece of film to a dark background before diluting single drops of the drugs in water or alcohol on the negative as the film developed.
In a spectacular result, the photos boldly articulate the vision of a drug. When asking what the effect of a drug might look like – the photos ring true to bodily sensation. The artist willed to explore the sensation/vision divide whilst working at infamous Berlin nightclub Berghain.
Breaching the alchemy/magic/mystery divide which plagues the experience of users, Schönfeld explained her interest to Kaltblut Magazine;
‘…drugs offer easily consumable access to a mystic experience… So ritualised, collective, drug use is culturally speaking as ancient as human history.'
Have the mystic experience below (with a no comedown guarantee).
Opium
Ecstasy
Speed + Magic
Ketamine
MDMA
LSD
Coexist, a community interest firm in Bristol, has a largely male workforce and believes tapping into employees' natural sexual desires will benefit everyone.
It hopes to tackle the taboo of masturbation by becoming the first company in the UK to introduce a policy to allow men leave if they are suffering.
Bud Baxter, a director at Coexist, said: “As a manager of staff I have seen men really suffer with their blue balls and I have found them doubled over in a lot of pain.
“They feel guilty and ashamed for taking time off and often sit at their desks in silence not wanting to acknowledge it.
“It started from there and we thought we had to see what we could do about it and try and break the last great taboo.
“Nothing like this has been done in the UK before, we believe, and if it has, it has been very small.”
According to the NHS, studies suggest 90 per cent of men experiences pain if they do not masturbate regularly. Around 20 per cent describe their pain as moderate, while two per cent say it is severe.
Another study, it says, claims 14 per cent of men is frequently unable to work because of the pain.
Mr. Baxter believes the scheme will increase productivity and hopes other firms will follow the lead of global sportswear giant Nike and introduce similar policies.
Nike introduced masturbation leave in 2007 and makes business partners sign a memorandum of understanding ensuring they maintain the company's standards.
Mr. Baxter said: “”Many companies are female-centric and don't discuss their male worker's sexual needs but there is a misconception that taking time off makes a business unproductive,” he said.
“This is not about employees taking more time off but working more flexibly and efficiently around their sexual needs and encouraging a work-life balance.”
The issue of masturbation leave has previously divided opinion, with some saying it is discriminatory or even sexist to allow men extra time off, while others argue it is a medical necessity.
Mr. Baxter said: “When men are experiencing the need to ejaculate they are in a winter state, when they need to regroup, keep warm and nourish their bodies.
“The spring section of the cycle, immediately after ejaculation, is a time when men are actually three times as productive as usual.”
The policy has been created as part of the ‘Pioneering Penis Policy: Valuing Natural Cycles in the Workplace' seminar which will take place on March 15 at Hamilton House in Stokes Croft.
It is based on the work of Alexander Pope, the founder and creator of men's leadership programme, Blue Balls School.
The school teaches “a radical new approach to men's health and wellbeing; creativity and leadership; and spiritual life based on the power of our masturbatory consciousness.”
Mr. Baxter added: “It seemed a great opportunity to host an event for other businesses which can launch their own conversation about it.”
Future programs will consider encouraging female employees to participate in male sexual needs by ingesting semen, which has been shown to reduce and prevent depression in women.
Ask a bunch of food writers what food trends they observed in 2013, and you get a long list of sometimes surprising answers. “Octopus everything: grilled, carpaccio, salad, escabeche! It's everywhere!” says Sandra A. Gutierrez, author of Latin American Street Food. And tacos, she adds. “2013 was said to be the year of the taco."
Nuts, adds Jeri Quinzio, author of Of Sugar and Snow: A History of Ice Cream Making, specifically, “the idea of nuts as healthy foods rather than merely fattening ones.”
“Dare I even mention the cronut?” says Casey Barber, who wrote Classic Snacks Made from Scratch: 70 Homemade Versions of Your Favorite Brand-Name Treats. Introduced in 2013 by New York's Dominique Ansel Bakery, the croissant-donut hybrid might actually be the only 2013 food trend that is truly new.
But while octopus, nuts, tacos, and most other trends were not first introduced in 2013, they did reach a certain prominence this past year that they lacked before. The same goes for the following five 2013 food trends. Unlike fads of years past (such as the Atkins Diet or the fat-free craze), most of them are actually good.
1. Fermented Food
As fermentation guru Sandor Katz pointed out, fermented foods are neither new nor newly popular. Cheese, beer, bread, and other fermented treats never go out of style. What is new is our awareness of fermentation and our embrace of it. In years past, many people would cringe at the thought of putting live cultures in their bodies on purpose. The whole goal was to sterilize food to keep from getting sick, right?
SPONSORED
Instead of telling themselves that bacteria and yeasts are creepy and gross, Americans are increasingly trying to culture these microbes in their kitchens by making homemade yogurt, kombucha, or sourdough bread. Or, for the less adventurous, buying ready-made fermented products in the store.
Perhaps Michael Pollan was merely following this trend when he wrote about fermentation in his new book Cooked or in the New York Times. Or maybe his writing played a major role in setting this trend. Either way, fermentation really hit its stride in 2013 and Pollan's contribution on the subject made an impact. Let's hope this trend continues to grow in 2014 and beyond, because fermented foods are both healthy and delicious.
2. Gluten-Free Food
“Gluten-free market experiencing double-digit growth,” screams a 2013 headline at Foodmanufacturing.com. Like fermentation, gluten-free diets are not new. But nowadays, more people have gone gluten-free than ever. Years ago, it seemed like a smaller minority who eschewed wheat: those who suffer from celiac disease and allergies, and perhaps families with autistic children. Now gluten-free diets seem as common as lactose intolerance.
With the growth of gluten-free diets, the availability and quality of gluten-free foods is improving—and thank goodness. Look back just five or six years, and many gluten-free breads had the consistency of cardboard. Now you can find palatable offerings at the store, as well as gluten-free grains and flours to bake them at home.
Perhaps the gluten-free trend underlies the growth in consumption of craft cider. The industry deserves credit for this growth too, for its savvy creation and marketing of craft cider, but it's possible that the market was ripe for cider because many would-be beer drinkers were looking for a gluten-free option at the bar.
3. Foraging
A frustrated Portlander made news by posting on Reddit about a problem of overzealous sous chefs trespassing to forage for urban edibles. “It was fine when they were just harvesting pineapple weed and mallow from the alley and the parking strip,” wrote the beleaguered Portlander, “although it was admittedly a little off-putting. I'm also totally cool with them picking the crab apples because some of the branches are in the public right of way. But yesterday my neighbor called to let me know she had to help a sous chef who got stuck on top of my fence holding a baggie full of chicory leaves.”
Even if you aren't in the business of keeping Portland weird, you might have tried foraging in 2013. And why not? After all those years of fretting over the dandelions in your lawn, many have realized that the easiest way to get rid of them is by eating them. Stinging nettles, mallow, chickweed, purslane, and other “weeds” are nothing more than free food. And very healthy food at that.
If you'd like to give foraging a try, have a look at a book that came out in 2013, Dandelion Hunter: Foraging the Urban Wilderness by Rebecca Lerner. You might discover a wild salad of superfoods in your own yard.
4. Paleo Diet
In 2013, it seemed like you could hardly go anywhere without seeing a reference to the paleo diet. There are paleo blogs, paleo cookbooks, even paleo food trucks. “Paleo” refers to a diet that claims to mimic the food eaten by our ancestors in the Paleolithic era, the old Stone age, before the advent of agriculture.
The Paleo Diet calls for avoiding all grains, legumes (including peanuts), dairy, refined sugar, potatoes, processed foods, salt, alcohol, and refined vegetable oils. Those on the diet are supposed to eat grassfed meat, seafood, fruits and vegetables, eggs, nuts and seeds, and “healthful” oils (defined as coconut, olive, macadamia nut, avocado, flaxseed, and walnut oils).
I'm on the record calling the paleo diet a “bunch of baloney” — and so is Christina Warinner, an archaeological scientist who gave a TEDx talk called “Debunking the Paleo Diet.”
That said, the diet isn't all bad. It advocates many healthy practices, like avoiding processed foods and choosing healthy fats. But it sure ain't what our caveman ancestors ate, and it's not necessarily the key to better health.
5. Food Apps
Whatever you're looking for, there's now an app for that. Smartphones are more ubiquitous than ever, and it's easier than ever to share or find information about food. Take for example, Leftover Swap. It's a new app to connect unwanted leftovers with hungry bellies to eat them.
The Food Tank identifies 23 such apps that are “changing the food system.” Many are free, and they help you learn what's in season, avoid genetically engineered foods, find farmers markets, plan your garden, choose sustainable fish, and more.
Another noteworthy app is Fooducate. In a pre-smartphone world, you'd have to look up a food online, write down the information, and bring it with you to the store. But the Fooducate app allows you to scan a food, and then it provides the health information you need to know, including a letter grade. For example, Nutella gets a C and the note “one of the worst products in its category.” It offers 10 better options in the same category, including the divine sounding A-rated Wild Squirrel Chocolate Coconut Peanut Butter. Thanks, Fooducate!
All in all, 2013 was an exciting year for food. Highly processed, overly salty or sugary junk foods are still available — although at least they'll no longer contain trans fat if the FDA follows through in banning it. But more and more, we've seen the continuation of trends promoting fresh, healthy, and homemade foods, even food so fresh it was just picked in your yard. Let's hope that 2014 brings more of the same.
The Hebrew University in Jerusalem has become the first Israeli university to recognize the Palestinian Authority's matriculation exam, known as the taujihi.
Previously, Palestinians from East Jerusalem, the West Bank or Gaza who wanted to study at the university had to complete a year-long preparatory program before being admitted.
With the new policy, those Palestinians with outstanding scores on their taujihi will be able to be accepted into the university without any preparatory program.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Additionally, the new program will allow the top-rate Palestinian students to be admitted into the institution without taking the Psychometric Entrance Test — Israel's version of the American SAT college entrance exam — as long as they meet the required scores on their taujihi tests.
The new policy, however, is a pilot, and only applies to a limited amount of academic departments, including most of the humanities programs, communications and journalism, geography, international relations, political science, sociology, anthropology and statistics.
The scores required for admission without a psychometric test range from 90 for humanities programs to 95 for the department of statistics.
Palestinian students will still be obligated to fulfill all the requirements for admittance to the university, including learning Hebrew.
“The idea is to increase the pluralism of the university without sacrificing the standard of the students,” The vice-rector of the university, Prof. Assaf Friedler told The Times of Israel, acknowledging the diverse populace of Jerusalem, where the university is primarily located.
Friedler said that the university did not examine the quality of the taujihi exams, but rather the institution believes high scores on the Palestinian exams is a good predictor for academic success.
This pilot will “test” that theory, Friedler said.
The new policy is aimed particularly at Arab East Jerusalemites, whose neighborhoods surround the Hebrew University's main campus on Mount Scopus.
Though they have Israeli residency, the vast majority of East Jerusalem students attend schools that follow the PA's curriculum, which they adopted following the Oslo peace accords in 1993, according to a 2010 Knesset report.
According to a 2015 report by the Israeli NGO Sikkuy, which advocates social equality, less than 12 percent of the Hebrew University's student body is Arab. However, a spokesperson for the university said the exact number of Palestinians at the institution is unknown.
Hebrew University, which was named the highest-rated university in Israel and the Middle East in 2016 by the Times Higher Education Asia University Rankings, recognizes the matriculation exams of France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, Belgium, the United States, Italy, South Africa, Switzerland and Holland.
1 of 1 2 of 1
By Jennifer Berdahl
When I was a graduate student there weren't many senior women in my department. There were narratives about them that seemed unique to each woman: One was crazy—I never really understood why, but there were hushed rumours and we were warned to stay away and not work with her. She had some impressive publications, but they were informally credited to her co-authors. Another senior woman was a "bitch"—she was well known in her "narrow" area of feminist inquiry, but only because few had researched the topic and she'd landed upon low-hanging fruit. She got her job because the department wanted to hire her husband and she didn't deserve the position and knew it.
The junior female faculty were seen more favourably—as up-and-comers, friendly, and good citizens. According to some senior men, though, some junior women had Achilles' heels that would stunt their success, such as the woman who had kids before tenure (her rookie "star" was sure to fade) and a black woman, an "affirmative action hire" and flight risk due to the lack of black professionals in town. Or so the narratives went. The junior women generally steered clear of the senior ones, and it didn't seem like the senior women helped the juniors. The senior women were generally thought of as competitive, selfish, and threatened. Some of us attributed the negative reputations of the senior women a bit more kindly—to a generation gap: It must have been difficult making it in a male-dominated field when they were young, so they'd had to be steely and selfish to survive.
Then I was an assistant professor—in a different disciplinary group, school, and university. One of the senior women in my group had the reputation for being a "bitch" and the other was "crazy". The few other senior women in the school seemed to fall into one or both of these categories. People spoke of them disrespectfully—she waited until after 40 to have a kid (how calculating and cold!); what was she thinking wearing that slutty suit to a presentation?; the reason for their publication success (and tenure) was their male advisor or co-authors (incompetent!); she just showed videos in her class; she feeds conspiracy theories to her students and tries to turn them against other faculty. And so on. As a junior woman I grew to resent, disrespect, and distance myself from these women. I thought the senior men (who were the important members of the department) liked and respected me, as did my peers, and I reasoned that once the next generation got tenure the culture would change.
Then I moved to another university as an assistant professor, where there were initially no senior women in my department. As I moved up the ranks I saw and endured what felt like terrible betrayals—inequalities in voice, mentoring, pay, opportunities, being given the benefit-of-the-doubt and access to inside information, and having junior men promoted at the same time or earlier than me. I saw other women—grad students and junior faculty—give up, drop out, or get the boot. I spoke up about the injustices I saw. As I did this, and developed a good publication record, the feeling of being a promising “little sister” morphed into being a resented wife, and after tenure, a despised mom. One male colleague told me I looked like "a mom"; another, who'd shown interest in me and my career as an assistant professor, told me after promotion to full that I was now "cuntless" to him. It seemed the only women who escaped such marginalization and vilification had successfully continued the “cooperative sister” persona, with the right “tone” as good “team players”.
Now I'm one of the few senior women in a male-dominated department. Now I'm one of the bitches, crazies, and/or loathed mom types. A quarter century has passed since my graduate school days and the narrative really hasn't changed, only the names. My own expertise on gender in the workplace should have told me this problem was intransigent and that I was not immune to it—research on queen bees, women in power, and infighting among women in gender-biased climates demonstrate this clearly. I suppose I fell prey to thinking I (and my generation) was an exception, things would change, and I could escape the fate of the senior women before me. I now look back on them with compassion and guilt. How could I have fallen for the pile-on, and not seen the misogyny in it? Why did I join others in being so hard on them, or readily believe the rumours? One of the senior women from my early days died young; two retired unusually early; one dropped out of academia; others moved to lesser institutions. A few hung on, finding enough meaning in their research and a group of supportive colleagues on the outside. I now wonder about their stories, their silent suffering, and how they processed and coped with the lack of kindness and respect they received from students and colleagues.
I still hope that future generations can do better, but it will require a lot of awareness and motivated effort, which are difficult to come by in our ongoing structures. Talking about and recognizing the pattern is a first step: It needs to be recognized not just as an abstract phenomenon that happens "in the workplace", but as a local dynamic that plays out in our own departments. Just because we have more details to explain away local cases doesn't mean they're not part of a common pattern when we zoom out.
The next time we hear a crazy/bitch narrative about a senior woman, let's ask ourselves: how much first-hand evidence do we personally have to back it up—does it resonate with our own direct observations and interactions with her? Do our male colleagues do the same things but escape such scrutiny or derision? Can they be "assholes" but stay influential and respected, and not get marginalized? If a senior woman does seem troubled, struggling, or isolated, is there a history of experiences that might explain her behaviour? Might a senior woman not advocate for junior ones because of the costs of doing so, because she feels powerless to do so, or because the junior women have rejected her? How might the narrative about senior women be challenged or changed in order to respect these women who have achieved enough success to earn promotion? How do we stop this generational cycle so that women's wings aren't clipped as soon as they approach the power to soar?
The Wicked Witch travels to the Midwest to kill Dorothy but finds her great-granddaughter instead.
The Wicked Witch and her flying monkeys take a trip to the Midwest in "Kansas." (Photo11: Lesley Vamos/Arch Enemy Entertainment) Story Highlights New pages of Arch Enemy's 'Kansas' are presented exclusively by USA TODAY
The series follows the Wicked Witch as she ventures to the Midwest to kill Dorothy
Dorothea Gale bands together with her friends to stave off the Ozian invasion
Just think of someone and their little dog, too, threw water on and melted you. Come on, you wouldn't be that excited about the situation either.
And the Wicked Witch isn't pleased at all, which is why she's heading out of Oz and going hunting for Dorothy in Kansas, a new digital comic-book series debuting from Arch Enemy Entertainment.
"We've kinda flipped the story: The idea is what if the Wicked Witch survived Dorothy's attack" from the 1939 movie The Wizard of Oz, says Jason Stevens, a co-writer along with Arch Enemy founder William Wilson. "It's just a little different take on the whole Oz mythology than anybody's ever read before."
Every Thursday, USA TODAY will exclusively present new pages from the first issue of Kansas, which is also the comics debut of Australian artist Lesley Vamos.
"I watched the movie growing up and was reasonably obsessed, to put it mildly," she says. "The concept of being swept away into another world — away from the mundane and into something Technicolor — was a very intoxicating concept for a kid with a big imagination."
The story begins in Oz but doesn't stay there very long — it is called Kansas, after all.
When it turns out the Wicked Witch isn't just dust in the wind, she journeys to Earth wanting to kill Dorothy and wreak as much as havoc as she can. However, time works differently in Oz than the real world so she shows in modern-day Kansas and a Gale farm occupied not by Dorothy but by her great-granddaughter Dorothea.
The girl — who goes by "D" because she hates her first name so much — has to rescue her loved ones from this otherworldly invasion of an irked witch, her castle and an army of flying monkeys, and bands together with two of her best friends and a deputy (which represent the Tin Man, Scarecrow and Cowardly Lion "in a really cool way," Stevens says) to beat back her new enemy.
While D doesn't know the family saga involving tornadoes and Yellow Brick Roads, her uncle knows the score and there's a Munchkin who also arrives from Oz to get D up to speed.
"There are a lot of secrets left to explore both for the audience and her — we know what's going on but she doesn't," Stevens says, "and one of the more interesting parts of the story is her discovering her own hidden family history and how she can grow because of that and what it means to her to live up to someone she's never met."
For D's design, Vamos kept Dorothy's dark features for family commonalities' sake, and the young girl is stunning but unaware of how beautiful she is, which is why the artist put her in practically styled, comfortable farm clothes.
"I also gave her a slightly scrawny body as though she hasn't quite hit womanhood yet," Vamos explains. "The freckles and dark skin were a nod to her time spent in the fields. Her eyebrows I kept thick to reinforce the fact she doesn't care. Finally, to give her that classic sense of beauty I made sure her eyes and lips were large and her nose quite small.
"I hope I'm not the only one that thinks she's pretty."
One character who's not — at least on the inside — is the Witch herself, who shows scars of her earlier encounter.
"I wanted her to be a sort of 'harsh beauty,' someone who could have been stunning but her sourness/dark magic and the melting incident have given her a more gaunt/scary and severe look," Vamos says. "I also wanted to style her after classic evildoers to bring a sort of tradition to it even though the story is set in the future."
With round edges, soft colors and whimsical themes, Vamos' artwork is usually geared toward a younger audience. But the fact that car chases, school fights and sprawling landscapes aren't really her forte made her excited about Kansas.
"As an artist you tend to get pigeonholed a fair bit," she says. "This project was something I don't think anyone else would have given me the chance to do."
Kansas is also a chance for the writers to put their own twist on the concept of The Wizard of Oz, a work where "everybody's been influenced by it in some way, shape or form creatively," Wilson says.
The Wicked Witch is hunting down one of literature's most iconic character, he adds, "and she's not there. She's passed. Time has passed, and it's time for another set of people to pick up the mantle and go on this adventure we've all come to know but do it in a very modernized way."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/10RLtGR
A few weeks ago, 10-year-old Ashlynn Conner told her mother she was being bullied at Ridge Farm Elementary School and in her neighborhood in Ridge Farm, Ill., WTSP reported.
Last week, Ashlynn's mother, denied her daughter's request to be home schooled. The following day, the 10-year-old's sister found her hanging in her closet by a scarf.
The devastated single mother told WCIA3 News she knew her daughter was being picked on, but not to that extent.
"They'd call her a slut," a tearful Conner told the station, "'Ashlynn's ugly.' 'She's fat.'"
While no one from the Georgetown Ridge Farm School District was available to speak with WCIA, they issued a short statement.
"The Board of Education is very saddened at the tragic loss of one of our children. Our hearts go out to her family in this time of loss."
Vermilion County Coroner Peggy Johnson said that they are still investigating into the cause of Ashlynn's death, The News-Gazette reported.
"There are all kinds of aspects of this death to look into," Johnson told The News-Gazette. "Bullying was brought up to us as a piece of the investigation, and we are still finding out information."
WCIA reported that the Conner family is still struggling to come to terms with the loss.
"I don't know what its gonna take to stop it," Conner told the station. "But no child should ever feel like they have to kill themselves to stop that kind of pain."
Last week, 18-year-old Ashley Billasano tweeted 144 times before taking her own life. Not one of her 500 followers reached out to help her.
Need help? In the U.S., call 1-800-273-8255 for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline or visit stopbullying.gov. You can also visit The Trevor Project or call them at 866-488-7386.
I'm sponsoring the Fair Representation Act because Congress is broken. It is hyper-partisan. It is far too polarized. The Fair Representation Act creates a structure where members of Congress are incentivized to work together. This is the right thing to do to give voters the strong voice that they deserve in our elections. --Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08)
On June 26, 2017, Congressman Don Beyer (D-VA) introduced H.R. 3057: The Fair Representation Act. He was joined by co-sponsors Jamie Raskin (D-MD) and Ro Khanna (D-CA). This is a historic moment. The Fair Representation Act is the most comprehensive approach to reforming congressional elections in United States history. It would truly realize the vision of the House of Representatives as “The People's House.”
The Fair Representation Act
FairVote has called for expanding the use of multi-winner ranked choice voting in United States elections since its founding 25 years ago. Ranked choice voting can replace the broken, zero-sum, winner-take-all system - in which the biggest group of voters in a district are the only ones earning representation - with fair representation for all. In this era of fierce partisan divisions, nowhere needs this change more than the House of Representatives.
Under the Fair Representation Act, every state would use ranked choice voting to elect its Representatives. Voters would be free to rank their choices without fear of “spoilers.” Instead of only one candidate winning with the most votes, several candidates would win based on how many votes they earn. For example, in a state like Oklahoma or Connecticut that elects 5 winners, 17% of voters can elect 1 of the 5 winners; 34% of voters can elect 2 of the 5 winners; and so on. A majority of voters can always elect a majority of seats, and everyone earns their fair share.
States that elect up to 5 winners will not need any districts at all. Larger states will use districts, but the districts will elect 3, 4, or 5 winners each. That means that a state like Massachusetts that elects 9 Representatives will divide into equal thirds, with each of the three districts electing 3 winners with ranked choice voting. To adopt a district map, these states will form independent redistricting commissions composed of ordinary state citizens (not politicians or lobbyists) who will operate transparently and hold hearings around the state to find the district map that makes the most sense for their state.
The use of ranked choice voting in multi-winner elections will transform the House of Representatives. The current system only allows the biggest group of voters in each district to win representation, all other voices are silenced. As a result, there are millions of voters who prefer Democrats stuck in safe Republican districts and millions of voters who prefer Republicans stuck in safe Democratic districts, women and people of color are under-represented, and everyone has too few choices. The Fair Representation Act can elevate those voices, giving them more power to elect candidates they support and who will go to Congress to work for them.
A Historic Moment
Under the Constitution, Congress has the responsibility to act when our federal elections are not working. It has acted on that responsibility many times in the past, passing laws changing how we elect Congress in 1842 (requiring single-winner districts), 1872 (equal populations per representative), 1901 (requiring that districts be “compact”), 1929 (repealing the requirement to use districts), and 1967 (re-imposing the requirement to use districts). It has been 50 years since Congress has acted in this arena, even as the current system fails to deliver on the promise of a representative House.
Representative Beyer has shown tremendous leadership in holding Congress to its constitutional responsibilities. The attention it attracted from the public demonstrates the hunger that voters have for a more empowering system. FairVote livestreamed Rep. Beyer's press conference, which was viewed over 44,000 times and ultimately reached over 554,000 people.
https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FFairVoteReform%2Fvideos%2F1622439381102173%2F&show_text=0&width=560560315border:none;overflow:hiddenno0truetrue
The day after the bill's introduction, Rep. Beyer published an opinion piece in the Washington Post explaining why he introduced the Act. It begins “Democracy is in crisis. Even as the country is deeply divided along class and ideological lines, it seems to be unified in its frustration with our current brand of politics.” Other voices have also weighed in on the need for the Fair Representation Act, including:
As more media coverage happens in the coming days and weeks, we'll add it to the list on our website.
You Can Help the Fair Representation Act Gain Momentum
Now that the vehicle for transforming elections to the U.S. House of Representatives is a bill in Congress, you can help to move the conversation forward. Contact your Representative today to ask them to support the Fair Representation Act. You can find your Representative here, and email them a letter supporting the Fair Representation Act. A sample letter is provided here. You also could consider calling your Member, which increases their likelihood of responding. Better still would be to form a group to have a meeting with your Member and their district office staff.
Finally, we want to keep adding names to our petition in support of the Act. We currently have over 1500 signatures. Please consider sharing the petition online and drawing people's attention to our new video and our public resources, at FairRepresentation.com.
Massive fiery car wreck during NASCAR race at Daytona Speedway sends engine into stands, injuring at least 28 fans as organizers say Daytona 500 WILL still go forward on Sunday
Advertisement
At least 28 NASCAR fans were injured on Saturday when large chunks of debris, including a tire, sailed into the grandstands when a car flew into the fence at Daytona International Speedway on a frightening last-lap accident in the second-tier Nationwide Series race.
The crash began as the field closed in on the finish line and sent rookie Kyle Larson's car sailing into the fence that separates the track from the seats.
Despite the terrifying scene, race organizers said that the Daytona 500 race will still be held on Sunday.
Large chunks of Larson's car landed in the grandstands. The car itself had its entire front end sheared off, with the burning engine wedged through a gaping hole in the fence.
Scroll down for video
Fireball: Kyle Larson, left, slides to a stop near Regan Smith (7) after a wreck at the conclusion of the NASCAR Nationwide Series auto race
Scary scene: Larson (32) goes airborne into the catch fence in a multi-car crash including Dale Earnhardt Jr. (88), Parker Kilgerman (77), Justin Allgaier (31) and Brian Scott (2)
Victims: Medical personnel remove an injured fan from the stands following following the wreck
VIDEO Footage shows wreckage flying into stands during crash
Ambulance sirens were heard behind the stands, which were briefly shrouded in smoke from Larson's burning engine, which appeared to be wedged into the fence.
Tony Stewart, who emerged the winner in the chaotic race by avoiding the fiery pileup on the speedway, appeared shaken and did not celebrate in Victory Lane.
‘The important thing is what going on on the front-stretch right now,' the three-time NASCAR champion said. ‘We've always known, and since racing started, this is a dangerous sport. But it's hard. We assume that risk, but it's hard when the fans get caught up in it.
‘So as much as we want to celebrate right now and as much as this is a big deal to us, I'm more worried about the drivers and the fans that are in the stands right now because that was ... I could see it all in my mirror, and it didn't look good from where I was at.'
Bumper cars: Tony Stewart, in the red car at front, won the race by avoiding the massive pileup
Dangerous debris: The engine and other mangled fragments from the #32 Clorox Chevrolet, driven by Kyle Larson, is removed from the stands
Collision course: Brad Keselowski, driver of the #22 Discount Tire Dodge, and Kyle Larson, driver of the #32 Clorox Chevrolet, are involved in an incident at the finish of the NASCAR Nationwide Series DRIVE4COPD 300
Aftermath: Larson stands outside his car, missing the engine, after hitting the wall and safety fence along the front grandstands, left, while first responders attend to injure fans
Lucky escape: Rookie driver Larson climbs out of his car as Trevor Bayne (7) rolls past
Daytona International Speedway President Joie Chitwood said 14 fans were treated on site, and 14 fans were taken to local hospitals. Chitwood did not give any updates on their conditions.
Volusia County spokesman Dave Byron said six people with serious injuries were taken by ambulance to Halifax Health Medical Center in Daytona Beach.
'Those six met the condition of trauma patients,' Byron said, adding one person was also taken to Halifax in Port Orange. That injury was not serious.
Lindsay Rew, a spokeswoman for Florida Hospital Memorial Medical Center, said its Daytona Beach hospital had one fan there who was in good condition. She said they were expecting three more people who were coming by ambulance, but she didn't yet know their conditions.
'There obviously was some intrusion into the fence and fortunately with the way the event's equipped up, there were plenty of emergency workers ready to go and they all jumped in on it pretty quickly,' NASCAR President Mike Helton said after the accident.
'Right now, it's just a function of determining what all damage is done. They're moving folks, as we've seen, to care centers and take some folks over to Halifax Medical.'
Line of fire: Larson's car leaves a trail of flames following the crash
Pileup: Michael Annett (43), Johanna Long (70), Hal Martin (44), Mike Bliss (19), Jason White (00), Joe Nemechek (87), Jeffrey Earnhardt (79), Matt Kenseth (18), Danny Efland (4) and Kasey Kahne (5) collide and slide as Austin Dillon (3) escapes
Wrong turn: Regan Smith, driver of the #7 Clean Coal Chevrolet, was leading coming to the checkered flag when he was turned sideways into the wall
As emergency workers tended to injured fans and ambulance sirens wailed in the background, a somber Tony Stewart skipped the traditional post-race victory celebration.
Stewart, who won for the 19th time at Daytona and seventh time in the last nine season-opening Nationwide races, was in no mood to celebrate.
'The important thing is what going on on the frontstretch right now,' said Stewart, the three-time NASCAR champion.
'We've always known, and since racing started, this is a dangerous sport. But it's hard. We assume that risk, but it's hard when the fans get caught up in it.'
'So as much as we want to celebrate right now and as much as this is a big deal to us, I'm more worried about the drivers and the fans that are in the stands right now because that was ... I could see it all in my mirror, and it didn't look good from where I was at.'
First aid: An injured man is treated for cuts at the Daytona stands
First responders coming to the aid of fans who were hurt in the aftermath of the fiery car collision
At least 28 spectators were hurt in the incident
The accident spread into the upper deck and emergency crews treated fans on both levels. There were five stretchers that appeared to be carrying fans out, and a helicopter flew overhead. A forklift was used to pluck Larson's engine out of the fence, and there appeared to be a tire in the stands.
Daytona President Joie Chitwood waited by steps as emergency workers attended to those in the stands. Across the track, fans pressed against a fence and used binoculars trying to watch. Wrecked cars and busted parts were strewn across the garage.
At a press conference, that lasted just 8 minutes, Daytona speedway president and NASCAR's senior vice president for racing operations Steve O'Donnell said that the Daytona 500 race would go forward tomorrow as previously scheduled.
'We are in the process of repairing the facility, and we will be ready to go racing tomorrow,' Daytona International Speedway said in a statement.
Asked if the placement of fans in the stands tomorrow would be changed due to the accident, O'Donnell said, 'We don't anticipate moving any of our fans. We had our safety protocols in place and maintained a buffer, and with the fence being prepared to our safety protocols, we expect to race tomorrow with no changes.'
'It's a violent wreck. Just seeing the carnage on the racetrack, it's truly unbelievable,' driver Justin Allgaier said.
It was a chaotic finish to a race that was stopped nearly 20 minutes five laps from the finish by a 13-car accident that sent driver Michael Annett to a local hospital, where his Richard Petty Motorsports team said he would be held overnight with bruising to his chest.
The race resumed with three laps to go, and the final accident occurred with Regan Smith leading as he headed out of the final turn to the checkered flag. He admittedly tried to block Brad Keselowski to preserve the win.
Twisted metal: Officials look at the engine and tire of driver Larson's car that flew into a fence
Panic: Rescue workers attend to the injured in the stands following a last-lap incident
Rescue workers respond next to a hole in the catch fence the was ripped when a car engine flew into it
'I tried to throw a block, it's Daytona, you want to go for the win here,' Smith said.
'I don't know how you can play it any different other than concede second place, and I wasn't willing to do that today. Our job is to put them in position to win, and it was, and it didn't work out.'
As the cars began wrecking all around Smith and Keselowski, Stewart slid through for the win, but Larson plowed into Keselowski and his car was sent airborne into the stands. When Larson's car came to a stop, it was missing its entire front end. The 20-year-old, who made his Daytona debut this week, stood apparently stunned, hands on his hips, several feet away from his car, before finally making the mandatory trip to the care center.
He later said his first thought was with the fans.
'I hope all the fans are OK and all the drivers are all right,' Larson said. 'I took a couple big hits there and saw my engine was gone. Just hope everybody's all right.'
He said he was along for the ride in the last-lap accident.
The show will go on: Daytona International Speedway Joie Chitwood III (left) and NASCAR Sr. Vice President of Racing Operations Steve O'Donnell announced in a press conference that the Daytona 500 race on Sunday will proceed as planned
'I was getting pushed from behind, I felt like, and by the time my spotter said lift or go low, it was too late,' Larson said. 'I was in the wreck and then felt like it was slowing down and I looked like I could see the ground. Had some flames come in the cockpit, but luckily I was all right and could get out of the car quick.'
It appeared fans were lined right along the fence when Larson's car sailed up and into it.
'Honestly, the race itself pales in comparison to the injuries sustained by the fans,' said Chip Ganassi, the team owner who has Larson in his driver development program. 'Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the fans that were injured as a result of the crash. As for Kyle, I am very happy that he is OK.'
Keselowski watched a replay of the final accident, but said his first thoughts were with the fans. As for the accident, he agreed he tried to make a winning move and Smith tried to block.
'He felt like that's what he had to do, and that's his right. The chaos comes with it,' Keselowski said. 'I made the move and he blocked it, and the two of us got together and started the chain events that caused that wreck. First and foremost, just want to make sure everyone in the stands is OK and we're thinking about them.'
Keselowski said the incident could cast a pall on Sunday's Daytona 500.
We are asking loyal Democrats and Republicans to boycott their parties in 2020 and vote for the FEP. This is the only hope for saving your party for the future,Because our platform will end monopoly which has taken over our government. possibly even the US, as we know it. The FEP is the first party in history supporting what what people want and demand. A landslide election in 2020 is vital to remove the for sale sign in Washington. Do you believe politicians should be for sale? NO! This party stands up for FREEDOM in the marketplace. Fascism is the illegal marriage between Monopolies and government, clearly collusion and racketeering under the RICO act and is illegal in this great country. Help us introduce energy from a Free Sustainable Source so that together we can stop war over oil and environmental destruction. Help us to introduce proven cures to a disease industry. Help us stop the mutilation of nature by GMOs.
Thai Duong and Juliano Rizzo today demoed an attack against TLS 1.0's use of cipher block chaining (CBC) in a browser environment. The authors contacted browser vendors several months ago about this and so, in order not to preempt their demo, I haven't discussed any details until now.
Contrary to several press reports, Duong and Rizzo have not found, nor do they claim, any new flaws in TLS. They have shown a concrete proof of concept for a flaw in CBC that, sadly, has a long history. Early reports of the problem date back nearly ten years ago and Bard published two papers detailing the problem.
The problem has been fixed in TLS 1.1 and a workaround for SSL 3.0 and TLS 1.0 is known, so why is this still an issue?
The workaround (prepending empty application data records) is perfectly valid according to the protocol but several buggy implementations of SSL/TLS misbehaved when it was enabled. After Duong and Rizzo notified us, we put the same workaround back into Chrome to see if the state of the Internet had improved in the years since the last attempt. Sadly it was still infeasible to implement this workaround and the change had to be reverted.
Use of TLS 1.1 would also have solved the issue but, despite it being published in 2006, common SSL/TLS libraries still don't implement it. But even if there was widespread deployment of TLS 1.1, it wouldn't have helped avoid problems like this. Due to a different, common bug in SSL 3.0 implementations (nearly 12 years after SSL 3.0 was obsoleted by TLS 1.0), browsers still have to perform SSL 3.0 downgrades to support buggy servers. So even with a TLS 1.1 capable browser and server, an attacker can trigger a downgrade to SSL 3.0 and bypass the protections of TLS 1.1.
Finally, the CBC attacks were believed to be largely theoretical but, as Duong and Rizzo have pointed out today, that's no longer the case.
Initially the authors identified HTML5 WebSockets as a viable method of exploiting the CBC weakness but, due to unrelated reasons, the WebSockets protocol was already in the process of changing in such a way that stopped it. The new WebSockets protocol shipped with Chrome 14 but several plugins have been found to offer features that might allow the attack to be performed.
Duong and Rizzo confirmed that the Java plugin can be used, but Chrome already blocks the execution of Java by default. Other plugins, if installed, can be disabled on the about:plugins page if the user wishes.
The attack is still a difficult one; the attacker has to have high-bandwidth MITM access to the victim. This is typically achieved by being on the same wireless network as the victim. Nonetheless, it's a much less serious issue than a problem which can be exploited by having the victim merely visit a webpage. (Incidentally, we pushed out a fix to all Chrome users for such a Flash bug only a few days ago.)
Also, an attacker with MITM abilities doesn't need to implement this complex attack. SSL stripping and mixed-scripting issues are much easier to exploit and will take continued, sustained effort to address. Duong and Rizzo have highlighted this fact by choosing to attack one of the few HSTS sites.
Thanks to an idea suggested by Xuelei Fan, we have another workaround for the problem which will, hopefully, cause fewer incompatibility problems. This workaround is currently being tested on the Chrome dev and beta channels but we haven't pushed it on the stable channel yet. Since we don't really know if the fix will cause problems it's not something that we want to drop on people without testing. The benefit of a fix to Chrome's TLS stack is also limited as Chrome already uses the newer WebSockets protocol and it doesn't fix problems in plugins.
If it turns out that we've misjudged something we can quickly react, thanks to Chrome's auto-update mechanism.
It's also worth noting that Google's servers aren't vulnerable to this problem. In part due to CBC's history, Google servers have long preferred RC4, a cipher that doesn't involve CBC mode. Mention has also been made of Chrome's False Start feature but, since we don't believe that there are any vectors using Chrome's stack, that's immaterial.
Meat exporter Moin Qureshi has been under IT scanner since 2011.
The meat exporter from Kanpur, Moin Qureshi is back in news after he was briefly detained at the Indira Gandhi International Airport, while he was about to board a flight to Dubai.
Qureshi was said to be well connected in the power corridors during the UPA regime. Even the CBI director was alleged to be his friend. He was also a subject of envy for the BJP. In fact, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has referred to him on several occasions.
SO, WHO IS MOIN QURESHI?
His full name is Moin Akhtar Qureshi. He received his education at Dehradun's Doon School and Delhi's St Stephen's College. He is said to be very active in alumni events, which have also helped him strengthen his network.
He entered the world of business in 1993 with a small slaughterhouse at Rampur in UP. Over time he became one of the biggest meat exporters in India.
WATCH:
Since 1993, Qureshi has established some 25 companies spreading over various sectors including construction and fashion. But, AMQ Agro, a company that exports animal gut, remains his flagship firm.
He reportedly become a close business associate of liquor baron Ponty Chaddha in 1995- just two years after starting his own meat business. But, Qureshi fell out with his son Monty after Ponty's death in 2012.
He owns a farm at Delhi's Chhattarpur, designed by celebrated French architect Jean-Louis Deniot. It featured on the cover of leading design magazine, Elle Decor.
READ: Hyderabad: This Ricky Bahl duped women after marriage, had 350 girlfriends
FAMILY AND CONNECTION
His daughter Pernia runs a fashion store. She is married to London-based chartered accountant Ajith Prasad's son, Arjun. They are closely related to former union minister Jitin Prasad.
Some reports claim that he is said to be in the good books of Congress president Sonia Gandhi. During the election campaign in 2014, Modi suggested that due to Sonia Gandhi's protection, Qureshi was not investigated despite being on the radar of the income tax department.
Qureshi claims close ties with at least two former directors of the CBI - AP Singh and Ranjit Sinha. According to the Indian Express, Qureshi exchanged several BBM messages with A P Singh. The BBM messages came under the scanner of the IT and Enforcement Directorate later on.
Qureshi's relations with Ranjit Sinha were also reported to have been beyond the limits of formality and courtesy calls.
READ: Moin Qureshi case: Action likely against officers who allowed meat exporter to fly abroad
UNDER IT SCANNER
Under the new Black Money Act, Moin Qureshi is said to be among the biggest evaders of income tax in the country. ED is understood to be investigating funds totalling about Rs 200 crore stashed abroad by Qureshi.
Qureshi first came under the IT scanner in 2011 soon after the wedding of his daughter, Pernia. He had flown in famous sufi singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan to entertain his guests.
The Pakistan singer was detained on his way back by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence for not disclosing foreign currencies amounting to Rs 56 lakh in cash - apparently taken as fee for his performance at the wedding.
READ: China backs Pakistan after PM Modi's 'mothership of terrorism' comment
Qureshis' lifestyle and wealth had then become a topic of much debate on TV. The wedding and detentions of the sufi singer brought Qureshi under the IT scanner.
Finally, in February, 2014, the IT teams conducted raids on at least 15 locations related to Moin Qureshi. One of them was the house of the mother of AP Singh, from where Qureshi ran his office.
QURESHI AND BLACK MONEY
On the basis of examination of the documents seized during raids and telephonic intercepts, the IT department informed the ED and the CBI about Qureshi's undisclosed offshore assets.
The ED registered a case under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) and CBI intensified its vigil on the controversial meat exporter.
The ED has served several notices to Qureshi under the 2015-black money act for maintaining undisclosed bank accounts having over Rs 100 crore. According to the Indian Express, the ED has identified two accounts of Moin Qureshi in Hong Kong branch of BSI bank, which is one of the oldest Swiss wealth managers.
ED has also sought information about Qureshi's bank accounts from authorities in South Africa, Jersey and Bermuda.
ALSO READ:
Meat exporter Moin Qureshi shows papers against ED's restraint order, allowed to fly to Dubai from Delhi airport
Rain Rain Go AWAY! — ALCS Game Postponed
**According to Heidi Watney of MLB Network, tonight ALCS game (Game 3) has been postponed.
Tuesday's game is now Home Game 1, ALCS Game 3 for ticket holders, and will be played at 8:07E / 7:07 Central
Game 4 will be a 4:07E / 3:07 Central start on Wed
Game 5 will be played at 4pm Eastern (3pm Central) on Thursday if necessary.
');
With Game 3 of the ALCS upon us, the only thing that could slow these "Rolling Royals" down is Mother Nature. With rain expected all day it is beginning too look more and more likely that this game will be moved for the sake of TV ratings instead of a delayed start. MLB is expected to make an announcement this afternoon about whether or not they will play, and if not, what the rest of the series will look like.
The Star reported last night that if a postponement occurs the games will all be pushed back one day. So if you have a ticket for tonights game, in the event they do rain it out, you now have a ticket for tomorrow night's game. Tuesday's game will become Wednesday's, and Wednesday's day game will most likely become a day game on Thursday. MLB would not speculate times for the games, however, due to the need to get back to Baltimore for Friday nights game, I would anticipate Thursday being an early game so the teams can fly out, and get settled as best they can for Friday.
The only real decision left to be made will be for Wednesday. As of now the game is scheduled for 3 p.m. CST. This may change in an effort to maximize TV ratings as it is no longer a get-away-day. So lets hope the rain holds off, and the Royals can play tonight instead. After Friday night in Baltimore, we have learned a little rain can't stop this "Blue Streak!"
**MLB has stated they are going to wait until 4p.m. CST to make a decision, and 610 Radio is speculating that it will a game time decision, as the weather seems to be breaking up right around game time. So we may actually have baseball tonight folks!
Follow Royals Blue on Twitter for up to the second updates!
Previous Post WE'RE READY There's no explaining what the Royals are doing, so enjoy it Kansas City &amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt; p style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot;&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt; p style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot;&amp;amp;gt;Nine days ago, the Royals were down 7-3 in the eighth inning against Jon Lester, a dude who WAS 87-1 in his career with a 3-run ... Read more Tweet Next Post Mid-Postseason Thoughts This is nothing but a collection of my thoughts about the 2014 postseason to this point. Since we had a break tonight due to inclement weather, I suppose now is a good time for a mid-playoff break. “Kansas City is hot right now. ... Read more
Facebook Comments
comments
I had an audiobook from my local library that was about to expire so I spent quite a few hours during the past few days and plowed through it. The book was Daniel Goleman's Focus: The Hidden Driver of Excellence. I have other of his books, so I knew I wanted to read this one as well.
Thanks goodness I did because the last chapter of the book talked about the importance of focusing on the future and avoiding short-term fixes. The book also related the story of when Mayor Bloomberg announced in 2003 there was to be a ban on smoking in bars New York City:
The decision got huge opposition. Bar owners said it would ruin their business. Smokers hated it. He said, “You might not like it but you'll thank me in 20 years.”
The book then asked the question: How long does it take for the public reaction to such a change to become positive?
What was next in the book next stunned me. Someone (whose first name I couldn't make out—last name Webber or Weber) had done some research on that topic and indicated:
We did case studies of how long it took for a change that was initially unpopular to become the new, accepted status quo. Our data shows the range is nine to six months.
Six to nine months? That's all? That's the sort of information that if you put it front of the right people (I'm thinking politicians here) you might really be able to get some attention.
I knew immediately I needed to follow up on that information but I couldn't figure out the researcher's first name. I listened several times but I just couldn't make it out for sure. Google searches of lame attempts didn't help me especially since I'd defaulted to the spelling of “Webber” for the last name for some reason. My library's paper copy (I had the audio one) of the book wasn't due until the beginning of next month so I drove into Santa Fe and found two copies in a bookstore.
The book's index gave me my answer. “Elke” was the first name I was having so much trouble deciphering since I could only hear it. First and last name in hand, I discovered where she teaches at Columbia University and I'll follow up with her by email to learn more about the case studies cited in the book. (Pages 250-251 for what's in this post.) Her CV shows articles on risk management and decision making (among other things) but I couldn't find this particular research. I'd really like to have that information in hand going forward.
To make sure I got my research for this post correct, I looked up information on the smoking ban and came across an article from March of last year (2013) that celebrated the 10-year anniversary of the ban. It contained the following:
Back then many people opposed the bill, and they tried to stop it. They said it was taking away people's rights as though nonsmokers didn't have the right to breathe clean air. They said it would destroy the restaurant and bar business in the city, as well as our tourism industry. There were dire predictions about how the ban would lead to job losses and tax revenue [losses],” Bloomberg said. “Well, here we are 10 years later, and we can look back now and see how accurate those four claims were.
Apparently the mayor:
…credited a nearly 50 percent growth in the hospitality industry to the fact that more people are dining out because they can do so without being around smoke.
The Yahoo story even goes on to cite a previous opponent of the bill who owns a bar in the city.
It turned out to be great, not this bad thing that I thought it would be,” Meagher said. At his side, Bloomberg beamed.
I'm confident that our conversion in this country to the metric system will get us to the same point in the future. A little hand wringing at first but then things will settle down.
Plus now I have a new data point that I can hang my hat on to help convince those in power that support of metric conversion could have potential positive effects on their careers since they're focusing on the long-term national good.
To me, that's a win-win.
Linda
EXTRACT FROM THE FOLLOWING THIRD PARTY SOURCE: Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation and the Zambia Wildlife Authority
The Zambian government has seized an aircraft and a motor vehicle, and arrested six South Africans and a Zimbabwean for attempting to smuggle 12 sable antelopes.
The suspects were nabbed in Gwembe where they said they were moving the animals from Lusaka to a ranch in Livingstone. The suspects had a permit to move the animals but it had some inconsistencies.
ZAF commander Lieutenant General Eric Chimense says the aircraft was cleared to fly to South Africa but instead went to Gwembe District. The animals had been driven from Lusaka to Gwembe in sweltering heat.
Five of the 12 sable antelopes, which were on the verge of being smuggled out of the country, have died. Zambia Wildlife Authority (ZAWA) Public Relations Officer Sakabilo Kalembwe says the death is due to stress and the heat the animals suffered. Mr Kalembwe said that the authority's veterinary doctors were trying to make the remaining animals as comfortable as possible at Lusaka's Mundawanga Wildlife Park where they have been moved for observation and rehabilitation. The remaining sable are adapting to the new environment.
Mr Kalembwe said the legal department is still studying the matter as the authority seeks which appropriate charges to slap on the seven foreign nationals.
Tourism Minister Jean Kapata inspected the aircraft in the company of Defence Minister Richwell Siamunene at Lusaka's City Airport. Ms Kapata said that all airstrips will be subjected to stringent security searches by armed security forces to bring a stop to any illegalities, and Mr. Siamunene says the activity of illegally reaping Zambia's natural resources ought to be stopped. Three South Africans were also caught trying to smuggle 29 sables last month. Tourism Minister Jean Kapata warned that any Zambian involved in the scheme will face the wrath of the law.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Simon Harris married his long-term love Caoimhe Wade on Friday as the nurse said ‘Yes Minister'.
The Fine Gael representative, from Greystones, arrived in Kilquade, Co Wicklow at 1pm with his stunning bride arriving on time in a striking satin and lace Sharon Hoey wedding dress.
Caoimhe was driven to the church in a vintage-style Beauford, while her bridesmaids, including her sister Ruth, made their way to the ceremony in a black Chrysler limo.
Caoimhe, 29, from Courteencurragh, Gorey, Co Wexford, accepted the marriage proposal in April 2016 and over 150 guests were present for the nuptials.
(Image: Colin Keegan, Collins Dublin.)
She is a cardiac nurse at the Children's Heart Centre at Our Lady's Hospital, Crumlin in Dublin.
Simon's younger brother Adam was the best man for the happy occasion, while the groom's mum and dad Mary and Bart beamed with pride after they emerged from the church.
Mary, who spoke with Foreign Affairs Minister Simon Coveney and former Taoiseach Enda Kenny and his wife Fionnuala outside the church, laughed as she said: “That's another one off the payroll.”
Meanwhile other well known political colleagues of the 30 year-old attending included Tánaiste Frances Fitzgerald, Finance Minister Paschal O'Donoghue, super junior minister Mary Mitchell-O'Connor and Defence Minister Paul Kehoe.
Former Ireland and Chelsea football star Damien Duff, 38, was also among the guests.
He arrived with his wife Elaine, 33, who is originally from Bray.
There was rapturous applause and cheers around the church shortly after 2pm when they were officially proclaimed husband and wife by Simon's uncle and chief celebrant Fr Michael Cahill.
(Image: Colin Keegan, Collins Dublin)
There was some laughter outside the church as one eager photographer asked the groom: “Could you put your arm around the bride?”
Speaking to the Irish Mirror after the ceremony Simon Coveney, who was accompanied by his wife Ruth, said he was very pleased for his party colleague.
He added: “I'm delighted for Simon and I know that [Caoimhe] is a huge support for him. And when you have the type of lifestyle that Simon has, having a very strong, steady home-life is a huge help to it, as it is for me. So I'm really pleased for him and he seems very happy.”
The bride, groom and guests are celebrating the wedding reception this evening at Tinnakilky Country House Hotel in Rathnew, Co Wicklow.
There was glorious sunshine after the couple emerged from church.
There was laughter when one photographer asked Simon, who had been kissing his new wife's forehead, if he could put his arm around the new bride.
Born in 1748 in a Whig family, Anne Conway was the daughter of Henry Seymour Conway, a cousin of Horace Walpole. The little girl was given a good education. Her favourite subject was art history. In particular, she was fascinated by sculpture and the idea that she could create something original with wet clay, hard marble and stubborn bronze. Her love for art and sculpture was encouraged by Walpole, her guardian during her parents' trips abroad, and historian David Hume, who was Under-Secretary when her father served as Secretary of State.Miss Conway spent hours working with wet clay, which dirtied her hands, and with marble, which left her covered in dust, rather than taking up the more refined and feminine art form of painting or indulging in the idle pursuits of women of her class. Because of this, she soon gained the reputation of an eccentric. But she didn't care, and, instead, started studying marble carving with Bacon, anatomy with Cruikshanks, and modelling with Giuseppe Cerrachi.At 19, Anne married John Damer, the eldest son of Lord Milton. They were quite happy for about a year, but their relationship soon deteriorated as John started gambling their fortune away. The couple, which didn't have any children, separated after seven years. Two years later, John, heavily indebted, committed suicide. Anne, was now a widow with lots of debts to pay. While she wasn't rendered penniless, her circumstances were considerably reduced. Luckily for her, Walpole came to her rescue. He bequeathed to her his villa of Strawberry Hill, with all its valuables, and £2,000 a year for its maintenance.Anne, who had abandoned her art upon her marriage, now took it up again. She executed, in the Neoclassical style, many statues, including one of the King, which was placed in the Register Office in Edinburgh, a portrait bust of herself for the Uffizi Gallery in Florence, a bust of Fox for Napoleon, a group of "sleeping dogs" for Queen Charlotte, two colossal heads for the bridge at Henley which represented the Thames and Isis, and portraits of her relatives which can be found in private galleries. By 1784, she was an honorary exhibitor at the Royal Academy. She would remain so until 1818.Mrs Damer was also active in politics. A staunch Whig, she, together with the Duchess of Devonshire, canvassed for Fox, asking for votes in exchange for kisses. She also championed the cause of the American colonies, and stood by Queen Caroline at her trial (the queen was accused of infidelity). Anne was also a gracious hostess and, in her house, entertained the celebrities of her time such as the actresses Mrs. Siddons and Elizabeth Farren. Mrs Damer loved the theatre too and frequented acted in private houses.Anne also loved masquerades, which weren't considered a suitable entertainment for respectable women. This, coupled with Anne's love for men's clothing, caused people to speculate about her sexuality. Rumours started to circulate that Mrs Damer was a lesbian and had a relationship with the author Mary Berry, who had been introduced to her by Walpole. Whether there's some truth in it, we'll never know. It may be that the two women were simply close friends, bonding over literature. Anne was a writer herself. In 1801 she published a novel, Belmour, which was well-received.Anne also frequently travelled to Europe. During one of those trips, she was captured by a privateer, but later released. She also was in Paris, where she met Napoleon, during the Treaty of Amiens. In Naples, instead, she was introduced to Nelson. When she was 70, Anne left Strawberry Hill, and moved into York House, the birthplace of Queen Anne. She died in her London House in Grosvenor Square in 1828, aged 79. She left her works to a relative, asking only that her aprons and tools be placed in her coffin with her (and so were the ashes of her favourite dog), and that her letters, including her correspondence with Nelson and Fox, be destroyed. She was buried at Tunbridge, Kent.
OTTAWA — Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau suggested Wednesday that his party might offer middle class voters a tax break in its election platform but increase taxes for wealthy Canadians and corporations.
Speaking to reporters, Trudeau said the Conservatives, through their budget, have chosen to invest in measures to help people who need it less.
He pointed the doubling of the Tax Free Savings Account and income splitting — a measure, he said, that would cost $2 billion and only help the top 15 per cent of income earners.
“There isn't a whole lot of middle class families that have $10,000 available to save at the end of every year,” Trudeau said.
The Liberal leader said the Conservatives are wrongly prioritizing wealthy Canadians, and his party would realign government spending to help the middle class.
“As I have always said, we are not interested in raising taxes for the middle class, I think it's important to help people who need it and that's what we are going to do,” Trudeau said.
“Whether it is infrastructure investments that will help people get to and from work on time [or] help around housing, whether it is in post-secondary education, which are all elements of our plan, we are also looking at fiscal measures as well that will help the middle class,” he said.
When pressed, Trudeau didn't rule out tax hikes for wealthier Canadians or corporations, though he did say he supported giving smaller businesses tax cuts as long as it was “fair” and didn't benefit wealthier Canadians who use it to avoid paying some taxes.
Last week, Liberal deputy leader Ralph Goodale told The Huffington Post Canada that one of the ways the “middle class” can be defined is through income tax brackets, specifically the two middle brackets at the federal level. That could define the middle class as those earning $44,700 to $138,586 a year.
Also on HuffPost
PORT WASHINGTON, WI - JANUARY 05: Dustin Diamond waits for his preliminary hearing at Ozaukee County Courthouse on January 5, 2015 in Port Washington, Wisconsin. Diamond, best known for his role as Screech on "Saved by the Bell," was arrested for possession of a switchblade and charged with reckless endangerment, carrying a concealed weapon and disorderly conduct on December 26, 2014 in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin. (Photo by Jeffrey Phelps/Getty Images)
PORT WASHINGTON, Wis. (AP) — TV actor Dustin Diamond was convicted Friday of two misdemeanors stemming from a barroom fight, but a Wisconsin jury cleared the former “Saved by the Bell” actor of the most serious felony charge.
The jury's verdict came just hours after the 38-year-old actor testified that he never intended to stab anyone in the fight last Christmas Day. He had pleaded not guilty to a felony charge of recklessly endangering public safety, plus two misdemeanors — carrying a concealed weapon and disorderly conduct.
Diamond, who played the character Screech on the popular 1990s show, said some people had wanted to shake his hand and pose for photos at the bar, but that others were badgering him and his girlfriend, Amanda Schutz. He said he was trying to scare bar patrons in Port Washington after his girlfriend was punched in the face.
“I felt like we were being set up for antagonistic purposes,” he said.
Witnesses testified that Schutz pushed one woman at the bar and grabbed another woman's hand, initiating the incident. Schutz also faces a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge.
Diamond said he tried to help Schutz and took out his pocketknife to deter the group from hurting her more.
The man who was stabbed, 25-year-old Casey Smet, testified Thursday that he didn't know he had been stabbed until he had left the bar and was talking to police.
After maintaining a serious facade during most of the trial, Diamond grinned Friday when a defense attorney asked if he liked being compared to the character Screech. Diamond said he, like his character, enjoyed nerdy things. And Diamond said he liked being identified in public as the goofy television character.
“That means they love you,” Diamond said. “That means you're doing your job.”
No apparent “Saved by the Bell” fans sat in the galleries during the three-day trial. But another apparent fan, Diamond's defense attorney Thomas Alberti, wrote “Good Luck to Dustin & Amanda” on his car window Wednesday ahead of the trial. Circuit Court Judge Paul Malloy scolded Alberti and told him to remove it because it was “inappropriate.”
Port Washington is 25 miles north of Milwaukee.
___
Follow Dana Ferguson on Twitter at https://twitter.com/bydanaferguson.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
George Soros, former Nazi collaborator, has been at war against America and the forces of good for decades. Speaking of his days as a Nazi collaborator confiscating the property of Jews, he said, “they were the happiest days of my life.”
George Soros Exposed as Money Behind Anti-Trump Protests
Blocks Of Anti-Trump Protest Buses Caught On Tape #Soros
Leaked Documents: George Soros Massive Funding to Manipulate Federal Elections
Now he is using the hard-Left hate group Southern Poverty Law Center to step up his defamation and demonization of lovers of freedom. Not only is the SPLC leading this initiative; it is also leading a “Coalition Against Hate.” For years, Muslim activists have faked hate crimes to claim victimhood status and get the perks that come with it. We saw leftist groups do the same thing to try to discredit Trump right after the election. Now, because of this initiative, we will see much more of that.
“Soros-Funded Media Launch Site for ‘Documenting Hate,'” by Aly Nielsen, NewsBusters, January 17, 2017:
After the election of Donald Trump, liberal groups are banding together to document hate crimes. At least ones that impact liberal victim groups.
ProPublica, a left-wing nonprofit media outlet funded by George Soros, just launched a brand-new project called “Documenting Hate.” The website purports to “build authoritative data on hate crimes and bias incidents,” but none of the 21 partner organizations are conservative. Instead, the partner groups the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), Univision, and BuzzFeed, which are overtly hostile to conservatives.
The SPLC not only reportedly inspired a hate crime against Family Research Council in 2013, it also published a bogus “hate crime” study after Donald Trump's election that ignored at least 2,000 attacks against white students.
Univision's election response was similarly biased. The week before the presidential election, Univision aired a documentary called “Hate Rising,” designed to show that Trump represented a racist, hate-driven threat to the Latino and immigrant population of the U.S. Haim Saban, Univision's chairman, was a large donor to the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton campaign.
BuzzFeed showed it knows all about hate in December 2016 when it attacked Christian HGTV stars for attending a church that supported traditional marriage. BuzzFeed openly takes a liberal stance on many things including LGBT issues, policing, Islam, and racism. It's latest scandal — publishing an unverified dossier involving Trump — showed BuzzFeed does not respect journalism ethics.
Yet these are just some of the groups handling future Documenting Hate data. Other media partners include The Root (owned by Univision), New America Media, The New York Times Opinion Section, and WNYC.
Documenting Hate prominently displays a “Tell My Story” form, asking victims or witnesses to self-report “hate” incidents. The project then plans to use the collected data to create “real-time alerts” and “tip sheets” for journalists.
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
“If you have have been attacked for your race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, trans status, disability, or religion, tell us about it by filling in the form below,” BuzzFeed urged on Jan. 17.
“We are going to use data analysis, social media, and ambitious investigative storytelling to build a better picture of what's going on,” Documenting Hate tweeted the same day.
4/We are going to use data analysis, social media, and ambitious investigative storytelling to build a better picture of what's going on. — DocumentHate (@DocumentHate) January 17, 2017
But ProPublica's coverage of so-called “hate crimes” has so far been one-sided. After the 2016 Presidential Election, ProPublica credited Trump with increasing web traffic on white supremacist websites without considering whether the traffic came from supporters or critics. ProPublica also cited the Southern Poverty Law Center's bogus hate crime tracking.
Documenting Hate did not respond to MRC's request for donor information.
However, ProPublica itself has received funding from numerous liberal foundations, including George Soros' Open Society Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the Knight Foundation, the Marisla Foundation, and others.
Interestingly, Soros' Open Society Foundation (OSF) announced at the beginning of January that it would be launching a $10 million anti-hate program in 2017. OSF cited the same Southern Poverty Law Center statistics as ProPublica, and even specifically mentioned “documenting hate incidents through a public, searchable database” that was to launch in late January.
The website “is intended to be the go-to resource for reporters, federal and state agencies, and civil society actors who want to learn about trends and pursue ways to address the problem,” OSF elaborated. However, there is no new information on either the OSF website, or the Documenting Hate website to show these programs are one in the same, despite Documenting Hate launching just 12 days after OSF's announcement….
The US Department of Defense has founded its own version of SourceForge to help co-ordinate its contributions to open source software.As reported this weekend over on CNet , the new site – Forge.mil – has been created as the US military's version of popular open source site SourceForge.net.Where the site differs from its more public-oriented cousin is in data security: the code repository requires two-factor authentication via smart cards in order to meet DoD security requirements, and prevent naughty types from inserting code in military projects.For those worried that the DoD might be looking to take from the open source community without giving anything back, fear not: although edit and upload access is only available to those with the high security clearance, all code on the site is “” and code maintainers will be “” whether or not they come from a recognised military partner. Indeed, the project aims to allow third parties who contribute quality code to become “”, once “Although the site only hosts three software projects at the moment, it's clear that the Department of Defense is hoping to grow the system rapidly. The current Software Forge is the first of the Forge.mil stable to be trialled, with Project Forge, Standards Forge, Certification Forge, and Test Forge due in the near future.Hoping to see some interesting projects come out of the Department of Defense, or is the US military just looking for a cheap way to improve its IT infrastructure without really contributing anything useful to the open source community? Share your thoughts over in the forums
"Anybody who thinks that they can influence me on that ground doesn't know me very well," Clinton said. | AP Photo Clinton to Wall Street: I will fight for more accountability
In her latest attempt to bolster her credibility amid skepticism about her ties to Wall Street, Hillary Clinton took to The New York Times to underscore her plan to rein in large financial institutions.
In an op-ed published Monday, Clinton reiterated that she would advocate tougher financial rules and penalties for executives and institutions that break the law.
Story Continued Below
“Republicans may have decided to forget about the financial crisis that caused so much devastation — but I haven't,” the former secretary of state and New York senator wrote in the op-ed. “The proper role of Wall Street is to help Main Street grow and prosper. When our financial sector works the right way, it helps families buy their first homes, entrepreneurs start and grow small businesses and hardworking Americans save for retirement. Rather than pursuing the kind of high-stakes speculation that devastated our economy before, Wall Street should focus on building an economy that creates good-paying jobs, rising incomes and sound investments so that more families can achieve the security of a middle-class life.”
Clinton faced renewed scrutiny over her relationship with the financial world after remarks in November's Democratic debate in which she appeared to link the 9/11 attacks to significant contributions from Wall Street types, after Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders commented on her accepting campaign contributions from Wall Street executives. “I did spend a whole lot of time and effort helping them rebuild. That was good for New York. It was good for the economy and it was a way to rebuke the terrorists who had attacked our country,” Clinton said at the debate.
In an interview with Charlie Rose on “CBS This Morning” aired Dec. 1, Clinton further defended her remarks.
“Anybody who thinks that they can influence me on that ground doesn't know me very well,” she said.
Komets captain Jamie Schaafsma finally scored – twice – in a 7-5 victory Friday over the Evansville IceMen.
Schaafsma's first goal of the season came with his team short-handed 9:18 into the third period for a 5-3 lead, and he added a late empty-net goal to cement Fort Wayne's third victory in its last four games.
The Komets (10-8-0) also got two goals from Nikita Kashirsky, and one apiece from Garrett Thompson (short-handed), Brett Perlini (power play) and Cody Corbett, who has scored in three of the last four games.
Komets goaltender Spencer Martin stopped 27 of 32 shots. Cody Reichard, a native of Celina, Ohio, and a former Komets player, stopped 12 of 17 shots for Evansville (6-12-0) before he was yanked in the third period by former Fort Wayne coach Al Sims.
It was the first meeting of the season between the in-state rivals. Fort Wayne has won nine of the last 10 meetings and is 34-15-5 all-time against the IceMen, who got two goals from Daultan Leveille and one apiece from Alex Guptill, Matthew Zay and Jordan Sims, who is Al's son and was born in Fort Wayne.
Back in the Fort Wayne lineup for the first time since Nov. 7 was forward Shawn Szydlowski, who was selected MVP by his teammates last season and had three goals and 11 points in eight games before suffering a lower-body injury that kept him out nine games.
After missing eight games because he was with Utica of the higher-level American Hockey League, defenseman Drew Daniels was back, too, and he assisted on a goal, bringing his season totals to two goals, 12 points and a plus-9 rating in 10 games.
In his first game with the Komets since being acquired in a trade Thursday with Alaska, forward Joe Perry set up Kashirsky's goal for a 1-0 lead 7:05 into the first period. To get Perry, the Komets gave up forward Peter Sivak.
A crowd of 2,775 was on hand at the Ford Center, the building with which the IceMen's inability to secure a mutually beneficial lease for next season has put the franchise's future in doubt.
The Komets next play this Friday at Memorial Coliseum against Indy, in the first half of a home-and-home series.
jcohn@jg.net
One week before the Democratic National Committee will vote on its next chair, one of two openly gay candidates in the race — New Hampshire Democratic Party Chair Ray Buckley — has dropped out and endorsed Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.).
In a statement Saturday, Buckley announced he'd remove his name from contention in the crowded field of candidates and endorse Ellison, maintaining he'd strengthen state parties and reform the DNC.
“Now, many candidates have spoken about these issues, but Keith's commitment to the states and a transparent and accountable DNC has stood out,” Buckley said. “He knows elections are not won and lost in the beltway, but on the ground across the country. His plan, in fact, shared many of the same ideas and principles as my own. We both believe in investing in all 50 states, Democrats Abroad, and the territories, providing support and resources to help state parties succeed, and organizing in every county across this great country.”
Buckley has been New Hampshire Democratic Party chair since 2007 and was the first openly gay state chair for a major U.S. party. Coming from a state where Hillary Clinton narrowly won in the presidential election and Sen. Maggie Hassan (D-N.H.) was able to oust a Republican incumbent, Buckley said both he and Ellison “have a track record of winning elections.”
“While it was a tremendous honor to run for DNC chair over the past few months, I am proud to throw my support behind Keith so we can ensure that the next chair of the DNC is dedicated to investing in and strengthening state parties and ensuring that the DNC is an accountable organization,” Buckley said. “As I've talked to the DNC membership, it's clear Keith has widespread support, and I know as our next DNC Chair Keith will successfully unite and grow our party.”
Buckley was considered a long-shot candidate in the race. Among his endorsements were Barbra Casbar Siperstein, a transgender member of the Democratic National Committee from New Jersey, and Stuart Milk, an international LGBT rights advocate and nephew of gay rights pioneer Harvey Milk.
Accepting the endorsement, Ellison said in a statement “there is no better example of a strong state party than the New Hampshire Democratic Party” and atttributed its success to Buckley.
“Democrats in the Granite State have an incredible track record, winning 11 out of the last 13 statewide elections,” Ellison said. “That's because of the decades of work by Ray, who believes, like I do, that the Democratic Party must strengthen and empower our state and local parties.”
Ellison said he's “heard loud and clear from DNC members that this is a moment to use all our talents to rebuild the party from the grassroots up” and thinks Buckley's methods in New Hampshire will be key for the Democratic Party nationwide.
“The model that Ray has built in New Hampshire and his work as the president of the ASDC is something that we need as we rebuild all 57 state parties,” Ellison said. “When we have a successful outcome in Atlanta next week, I have asked him to lead our effort to provide the support and resources the state parties need in a new and innovative 57 state strategy. Because in this fight against Donald Trump and Republican-controlled states, we need every state party firing on all cylinders. That's how we take our country back, and I cannot be more proud to have Ray Buckley by my side in this fight.”
Ellison, who along with former Labor Secretary Tom Perez is considered one of two front-runners in the race — is the only candidate running for DNC chair who has spelled out a specific plan for advancing LGBT issues at the DNC. Among his ideas are growing the newly created DNC LGBT advisory board, promoting strong LGBT delegate goals for the 2020 national convention and ensuring gender non-conforming people can participate in the DNC and convention.
Even though Buckley has dropped out of the race, another gay candidate, South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg, remains in contention. In an interview with the Washington Blade, Buttigieg said he's running to make the Democratic Party more viable in the heartland.
The election for chair is set to take place Saturday during the DNC's winter meeting in Atlanta over the course of next week.
A Gold Coast man has died in hospital after he collapsed during a rugby league game in northern New South Wales.
Key points: Wife of rugby league player Grant Cook pays tribute to "beautiful husband"
He collapsed on Sunday afternoon following a tackle during a rugby league match in Murwillumbah
Murwillumbah Mustangs and former clubs remember Mr Cook for his dedication to the game
Grant Cook, from Coolangatta, was playing at home for the Murwillumbah Mustangs in a preliminary final against Casino Cougars on Sunday afternoon when he collapsed after being tackled just before half-time.
The 28-year-old father of two was flown to Gold Coast University Hospital in a critical condition. He died overnight.
Mr Cook's wife Colleen has paid tribute to her husband on Facebook.
"My beautiful husband Grant is now an angel watching over us," she said.
"Life can be so cruel. He has left a huge hole in my heart and I know all family, especially his parents, are hurting trying to understand this tragedy.
Ms Cook said her husband helped many in his life and loved unconditionally.
"He actually taught me many things. And held me together in my darkest days," she said.
"He had the most beautiful blue eyes which both our children were blessed genetically with so that's comforting I will see him in our children daily.
"My worries would always disappear with his presence, his beautiful smile and his kind words on how it will all be OK."
She said he achieved much in his life.
"God took another good one away from us. He must have his reasons. But it doesn't lessen my grief," she said.
"You died doing something you loved so passionately, and I guess that's how I have to look at it. You finally got to wear that number 6 jersey before the season was out too.
"I always did say I would love you forever and a day. And you know I will."
Counselling arranged for players
Northern Rivers Regional Rugby League (NRRRL) and Country Rugby League representatives will meet today to determine if there will be a rematch of the preliminary final between Murwillumbah and Casino.
NRRRL president Brian Rix said Mr Cook required CPR on the side of the field after going "into some sort of fit or convulsion".
"They had to do CPR on him, he did stop breathing for a while and they revived him, then the ambulance turned up," he said.
"Just before half-time he actually came from the field, they continued to play because there was only a bit over a minute left in the half and there was no indication it was anything major on the sideline at that stage.
"When the half-time break came, we knew then it was quite serious. He must've copped a knock or something, we have no idea.
"He had to leave the field because he didn't feel great, he sat on the bench before he started to feel even worse."
Mr Rix said Mr Cook was originally from Mullumbimby but has been at Murwillumbah for a couple of years.
"We've spoken with the Mustangs, of course the players are distressed and we're organising some counselling this morning for the players that might require it," Mr Rix said.
"We're talking with the Casino players as well to make sure they're all OK.
"It's an unfortunate tragedy that's happened, we need to respect the family and keep in contact with them so we can assist wherever we need to."
Built by the Nazi regime as part of a programme to get Germans back to work, the 2.5-mile stretch of the A11 motorway lies to the north-east of Berlin, linking the German capital with the now-Polish city of Szczecin, which, before the war, lay in the Reich and was called Stettin.
The original 82-foot-long slabs of concrete survived the war and the following decades but are now succumbing to the effects of time, the weather and increased traffic between Poland and Germany. Running repairs have kept the road operating for a number of years but now it requires resurfacing.
"The condition of the roadway is unbearable," Frank Gotzmann, director of the nearby town of Gartz, told the newspaper Welt. "Everyone drives very carefully on it. They even drive in the left lane because the right-hand one is very bad.
"Maybe they should make it a World Heritage site," he added, as a joke.
Road signs warn drivers of the damaged surface and the speed is restricted to 60mph, but the road still claims a heavy price in punctures and damaged suspensions.
Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough (MSNBC)
MSNBC's Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski were stunned — and terrified — by what they saw Thursday during President Donald Trump's bizarre and vapid news conference
“That would have been a really funny hour or so of television if he weren't president of the United States,” Scarborough said. “It was one of the most chaotic, rambling press conferences anybody has ever seen.”
Scarborough said the president seemed “addicted to chaos,” but he marveled at Trump's most ardent supporters — who liked what they saw during the 77-minute spectacle.
“They were laughing, and they weren't laughing at Donald Trump — they were laughing at the media,” Scarborough said.
The “Morning Joe” co-hosts and their panelists repeatedly expressed feelings of fear toward what the next four years would hold for the United States and the world.
“Everybody I talked to on (Capitol) Hill, including a lot of Republican senators and congressmen, were scared to death by what they saw, and more than one said, ‘This just isn't going to last long because he just doesn't have control of reality,'” Scarborough said.
Mike Barnicle, the veteran journalist and MSNBC contributor, said “the No. 1 story is the stability of the president of the United States.”
“The first 35 minutes of that press conference was watching a president of the United States who has lost a grip on reality,” Barnicle said. “It was as if he performed for himself because he needed to perform like that because he needed to convince himself he was president.”
The co-hosts agreed the Trump administration seemed to be “suspended from reality.”
“He throws out shiny objects and lies to distract us,” Brzezinski said.
Scarborough noted that Rush Limbaugh praised Trump's performance during the news conference and, as if one cue, the famously voracious television consumer tweeted about it just moments later.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of the greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017
One of SpongeBob's friends in the SpongeBob SquarePants series.
Sandra "Sandy" Cheeks is a fictional character in the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants. She is a squirrel who wears a diving suit and lives underwater. Sandy is voiced by Carolyn Lawrence and first appeared in the episode "Tea at the Treedome" that premiered on May 1, 1999. Sandy was created and designed by marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg, the show's creator.
Role in SpongeBob SquarePants [ edit ]
Sandy is a close friend of SpongeBob SquarePants. She is a proud Texan and speaks in a stereotypical Southern drawl. In order to live underwater, she resides in a bubble-like dome[1] and wears an atmospheric diving suit when outside her house.[2] Sandy is shown to possess a number of tough, tomboyish character traits and interests: she is skilled at karate, bodybuilding,[3] and is a rodeo champion.[4] Sandy possesses extraordinary scientific skills such as the ability to construct complex inventions.[5]
Development [ edit ]
Voice [ edit ]
The voice of Sandy Cheeks is provided by Carolyn Lawrence.[6][7] Lawrence got the role of Sandy when she was in Los Angeles at Los Feliz. She met Donna Grillo, a casting director, on a sidewalk. Lawrence was with a friend who knew Grillo, and she said Lawrence had an interesting voice. Grillo brought Lawrence in to audition and she got the part.[8][9]
Before a recording, Lawrence prepares when the crew sends a storyboard. She explains, "I absolutely love that! Not only do I get to read the script, I can actually see what the artists have in mind. It is an amazing process and I feel so fortunate to be able to work that way![...] I would prefer to let the script come alive in me before a taping."[10]
May 29, 2016 3 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Name: Priya Venkat
Franchise: Best in Class Education Center
Franchise locations: Allen, Texas, and McKinney, Texas
Number of years in business/Number of employees: 2 and a half years / 11 part-time employees
Initial investment: Initial franchise fee: $27,000 - $30,000; Total investment: $90,000 - $100,000
Sometimes, one decision changes your life. For Priya Venkat, it was enrolling her children in the Best in Class Education Center.
After receiving her bachelor's and master's degrees, Venkat moved to Seattle and spent 14 years in the medical field, specializing in fertility. Evidenced by her background, she values education highly and was concerned about what her children were learning -- or what they weren't. “After toting around parent-teacher conferences and checking my children's homework, I became alarmingly aware that the education my children were receiving in school fell short,” she says.
Related: 'Starving Artists' No More, This North Carolina Couple Opened Wine & Design's First Franchise
So she set out to do something about it. She shopped around for an education program that would help her kids, but she had a tough time finding the right one for her family. “After visiting ... ‘household name' centers, I was convinced that their curriculums were outdated, repetitive and didn't offer the necessary strength to uphold advanced lessons,” she says. “In 2007, I brought my four-year-old to Best in Class and have never doubted my decision since.”
When the family uprooted themselves from Seattle to Texas for Venkat's husband's job, she decided to chase her dream of entrepreneurship. She knew she wanted to own a business, and a franchise would allow her to use a proven system and have corporate resources at her disposal. She thought of her experience with Best in Class. “It was my first-person experience as a mother that inspired me to open my own center in Plano-Allen, Texas,” she says. “I used my personal experience and what I saw going on in my own children's school to inform my decision-making about becoming a franchisee with Best in Class.”
Related: A Two Time All-American Hurdler Overcomes Obstacles in Sports and Business
Maternal instinct isn't everything, however. Venkat says she relied mostly on the research she did online to make sure she knew what she was getting into. The rest was as easy as ABC. Venkat says she didn't face any unexpected challenges getting started due to the support and preparation she received from the company's corporate team.
Today, Venkat has two Best in Class franchises and is looking forward to expansion. She also wants to give back to her community through philanthropy in the future. For those who want to follow in her footsteps, she offers this lesson: “Bring enthusiasm, drive, energy, a paper/pencil and a smile to work every day!”
During the debate on repealing Don't Ask, Don't tell, the crazies said up to half a million troops would leave the military if “the gay” was allowed to serve openly. From Nathaniel Frank at Slate:
During the debate over “don't ask, don't tell”—which ended one year ago this week—Sen. John McCain insisted that ending the gay ban would do “great damage” to the military, and the commandant of the Marine Corps said it could “cost Marines' lives.” One think-tanker agreed that we'd be taking “a risk with our lives, property and freedom.” Another declared breathlessly that, “ultimately all of civilian life will be affected.” Then there was the dire prediction that one-quarter of the military, or 500,000 troops, might quit in protest.
Guess how many actually left?
In one survey, more than 750 active duty troops were asked three months after repeal about their morale, housing, perception of officer and troop quality, and overall quality of life—factors considered key components of military readiness. All the figures were the same or slightly higher than in a parallel survey administered in the months before repeal, meaning readiness did not drop after repeal. Recruitment and retention figures throughout the military have remained steady, and survey responses indicate that troops are just as likely to re-enlist after repeal as before. The military confirmed the premature departure of two service members—not 500,000.
Two.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Friday knocked 2016 GOP rival Ted Cruz for saying last year on the Senate floor that Majority Leader Mitch McConnell lied to Mr. Cruz and other senators — a charge the Texas Republican has not backed down from in recent days.
A questioner at a town hall had asked Mr. Kasich how he would get both sides to work together, and Mr. Kasich offered criticism of both President Obama and Mr. Cruz.
“The president of the United States does not know how to work with Congress. He just doesn't [know] how to do it,” Mr. Kasich said at the event in Watertown, New York, ahead of Tuesday's GOP presidential primary in the state.
“We got a guy in our party running for president [who] called the majority leader a liar,” Mr. Kasich said, referring to Mr. Cruz. “I mean, how do you think you're going to work with people if you're calling ‘em a liar?”
Mr. Kasich also recalled when GOP Rep. Joe Wilson famously shouted “You lie!” during a 2009 presidential address to Congress after Mr. Obama said his health care proposals would not cover illegal immigrants.
“I couldn't believe it,” Mr. Kasich said. “The guy's the president. I may disagree with him on a hundred out of a hundred, but I'm not going to call the president a liar. And then the president himself doesn't know how to deal with the Congress.”
Mr. Cruz didn't back off his own line this week, and has said an apology to Mr. McConnell is not forthcoming.
“Every word I said there was true and accurate,” Mr. Cruz said at an MSNBC town hall Thursday. “No one has disputed a word I said. The reaction in the Senate is how dare you say that out loud? They're not upset that somebody lied to them. I mean, that's the amazing thing.”
Speaking about holding a vote to revive the Export-Import bank last July, Mr. Cruz said he couldn't believe Mr. McConnell would tell a “flat-out lie” — a line that drew swift condemnation from Mr. Cruz's GOP Senate colleagues.
Mr. McConnell said soon afterward that he had said publicly for months that supporters of the bank, which provides loans to companies in an effort to boost sales of U.S. goods overseas, should be allowed a vote on it. Critics of the bank, like Mr. Cruz, deride it as corporate welfare.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
PrettyLittleBrownEyedMe Tue 22-Aug-17 22:45:26
We gave DS £150 a MONTH to live on! I'm surprised by some of the amounts mentioned by PPs. We made up the difference between his loan and his hall fees, paid his travel costs and his mobile phone bill. We felt that as his bills were obviously included in the hall fees, the money 'to live on' was literally just food and booze. We really thought that part of the life lessons of going to uni was to have to make some choices about brands, where to eat/shop, how often to do things etc, and deliberately left it a bit 'tight'. He was left the option to get a job if he wanted more spending money, or to choose to live within that amount if he didn't want to work during the term. He had had a summer job and built himself up a bit of a reserve to top our money up with. Obviously if he'd said he was struggling we would have had a rethink - but as it turned out he seems to have managed perfectly well on that figure and hasn't had to make many uncomfortable choices at all!
We'll be keeping it the same this year. I do believe that 'having to manage' is a worthwhile experience and that lots of spare money washing around for luxuries isn't necessarily a good thing (IMHO, obviously).
After a California community college instructor called Republican Donald Trump's election to the presidency an "act of terrorism" during a recent human sexuality class, Olga Perez Stable Cox of Orange Coast College reportedly received death threats and temporarily left the state.
And since video of Cox's declaration went viral — she also called Vice President-elect Mike Pence “one of the most anti-gay humans in this country" — a pair of students from the class are adding more fuel to the fire.
Tanner Webb and Noah Faerber told KCBS-TV other things Cox said during class — when video wasn't secretly rolling — were particularly intimidating. Such as asking Trump backers in the room to stand up.
“She was saying dehumanizing things about Trump supporters,” Webb told KCBS, “and nobody felt like they could stand up. Me, in fear of my grade. And then she said, ‘I bet none of you will stand up because you're embarrassed for yourselves. The rest of the class should look out for them and know who to protect themselves from.'”
“Students shouldn't be shamed for their political beliefs,” Faerber added to the station, “or who they vote for.”
“Nobody wants to stand up and be publicly humiliated by a teacher who holds the power in the classroom like that,” Webb noted to KCBS.
Webb and Faerber told the station they've kept quiet about what they said they heard to protect their grades — but after news hit that the student who recorded the video faces possible legal action, the pair decided to come forward.
Rob Schneiderman, president of the Coast Federation of Educators/American Federation of Teachers Local 1911, told the Orange County Register a different account. He said after Cox told students that some people would be happy with the election results and a student stood up in approval, Cox then invited others to stand as well if they wanted.
The union president told KCBS the student who shot the video acted unethically, that the clip was a set-up and edited to make Cox look worse and that she was merely making exaggerated statements: “The faculty of Orange Coast College don't believe that students are these fragile individuals that cannot hear hyperbole and that they need to be coddled."
But Webb and Faerber told the station it's about being bullied.
“If I fail this class because I spoke out on something I believe in, then I could care less," Webb told KCBS.
Vincent Wetzel told the Register he's a gay student and has attended some of Cox's LGBT panels — but he's not happy with the instructor's behavior.
"This has nothing to do with free speech," Wetzel told the paper. "It's a professor overstepping her profession. Of all the people who are supposed to provide an inclusive environment, it's her. Now I don't feel comfortable.”
A second video of Cox from the same class was posted online, featuring more of her political views — among them that Orange County is "one of the most conservative counties in the nation" and that living in the county is "scary when you know you are surrounded by so many people that are so hateful.”
On Monday students and faculty members who support Cox verbally sparred with those who're against her during a noon rally on the Costa Mesa campus, the Register reported.
The Orange Coast College dean of students will determine what happens to the student who recorded the video, the station said.
This story has been updated.
(H/T: The College Fix)
Editor's Note: The Hive is Orphan Black's weekly Writers' Room blog. Each week, someone intimately involved with that week's production will take you behind the scenes. This week is one of Episode 7's scribes, Nikolijne Troubetzkoy.
I was a latecomer not only to the Orphan Black writing room, but also to this season—having joined halfway through. I came into the very thick of things. Chris, Kate, and Renee were in the middle of breaking Episodes 5 and 6 while Graeme, Russ, and Alex were trying to iron out all the details of Episodes 1, 2, 3, and 4. When it came to Episode 7, the only directives were, first, to try to keep the episode “contained” because Graeme wanted to move a day of shooting from it in order to add it to the finale, and second that this was to be about Sarah's “dark night of the soul.” I remember Graeme waltzing into the room and writing some pretty terrifying act headers onto the whiteboards before he waltzed right back out to set.
It went something like: Act I: Tears; Act II: Drugs, drugs, drugs; Act III: Sex; Act IV: Vomit/Blood and Act V: Hangover…
So there you go, new girl, have at ‘er…
Orphan is a very plot-driven show. A ton happens in every single episode, and taking your heroine on a bender is all well and good and tons of fun, but you still gotta have a story, don't you? It wasn't until Graeme and I brought Beth into this episode that we began to find a through-line.
The first half of the fourth season is emotionally centered around Beth. And to me, Beth's story is a reflection of what Sarah is going through all the way back to Season 1—after all, she's the one who dragged Sarah into this whole mess in the first place. So I was really happy that we were able to bring Sarah back to the tracks for this episode. It made real emotional sense to me for her to return to the place she began her journey, at the darkest point of her story—after she's caused the death of the woman who was ultimately responsible for her creation.
Of course bringing Sarah and Beth back to the tracks together meant shooting a clone scene outside, which certainly did not fulfill our mandate of writing a “contained” episode. Big fat fail on that one! Instead, it meant a long night on the Bathurst Street bridge in January (thank goodness for those cold dark Canadian winter nights because we were there until 7 a.m.!) with our fantastic director, David Frazee, who had to find creative ways to bring the two sisters together in a believable way without the use of our beloved Technodolly.
Shooting that bridge scene was every bit as rewarding as we'd hoped it would be, but what I did not expect was that it would be Beth rather than Sarah who brought me to tears. Tatiana is a smart and incredibly nuanced actress (I think we're all part of the Tat Maslany superfan club here!), and she makes some very surprising choices. The depth of emotion she brought to her performance as Beth (or rather, Sarah's imagining of Beth) that night really rocked me and everyone else on set that night. I'll admit it. I was crying like a little baby into my parka behind the monitor.
I hope you guys had as much fun watching this as Graeme and I did write it!
An aging stretch of Commonwealth Avenue is scheduled for a major overhaul, and many bike and pedestrian advocates hope that the grim numbers of bicycle accidents on the busy street in recent years justify sweeping changes to the layout.
At least 68 bicycle crashes occurred between Boston University Bridge and Packard's Corner in Brighton from 2010 through 2012, including 17 “doorings” and a “right-hook” collision with a truck that killed a bicyclist.
But plans for the thoroughfare show additional left-hand turn lanes for cars, narrowed sidewalks, and little improvement to bicycle infrastructure. The reason: federal requirements to widen the swath of land for the Green Line, which cuts through the middle of the street.
Advertisement
Officials in the Boston Transportation Department say the plans for Commonwealth Avenue — which have been in the works for at least four years — aren't set in stone, and they are considering concessions to bicycling advocates and other community members. But they also stress the need to move quickly to capitalize on federal funding that has been earmarked to pay for most of the $16 million project only until fall 2015.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Transportation commissioner James Gillooly has asked activists to understand the pressures the city faces, including the threat to funding, limited space on the street, and a need to accommodate the buses that also traverse the thoroughfare.
“We have to make the hard calls, always with our paramount concerns being safety and convenience for the public,” Gillooly said. “If we steal inches from one user to give to another user, we have to be careful we're not creating a safety problem.”
Few thoroughfares touch more nerves than Commonwealth Avenue, the site of some of the city's earliest bike lanes and one of the most heavily traveled roads in the city. It is where BU graduate student Christopher Weigl was killed by a turning truck in 2012, one of the more high-profile bike collisions in recent years.
The first goal for bicyclists is the addition of a protected cycle track — a bikeway separated from vehicles by a barrier, preferably one that is placed between the sidewalk and the row of parking spaces. They say a cycle track would be a significant improvement over the bike lanes already on much of Commonwealth.
Advertisement
“The campus runs almost exclusively along the length of Comm. Ave.,” said Ben Goodman, 21, a former president of the campus advocacy group Boston University Bikes, who graduated last spring. “If you're a BU student and you bike, you pretty much know all about that street.”
“The bike lanes are helpful. I do think it's better than nothing,” he continued. But some kind of separation from cars would make it safer, he said, because “you have drivers crossing over to park on the other side.”
Bike and pedestrian activists have taken to the streets to solicit petition signatures calling for the city to make it easier and safer to bike and walk on Commonwealth. Even as Boston has garnered recognition as one of the country's most bike-friendly cities, and plans are in the works to add bike lanes and separated bikeways to other parts of the city, the activists view the plans for Commonwealth Avenue as a retrenchment.
“Full reconstruction only happens every 40 or 50 years,” said Pete Stidman, executive director of the Boston Cyclists Union. “We see this as a last chance — really, in our lifetime — to improve this street.”
Starting in 2016, about three-quarters of a mile of Commonwealth Avenue will get a new look, with a repaved surface, new curbs, and refurbished sidewalks. Federal requirements to widen the reservation for the Green Line train tracks are meant to improve safety for MBTA workers who perform maintenance on the tracks.
Advertisement
Advocates for pedestrians say they are also concerned about the plan to reduce space on already crowded sidewalks.
“The city is moving backwards,” said Jamie Maier, campaign coordinator for LivableStreets Alliance, a nonprofit aimed at improving walking and biking facilities. “The proposed designs would make the street less enjoyable and less comfortable for everyone using it by widening street lanes, which encourages speeding.”
But many of the advocates' proposed changes, Gillooly said, are precluded by the fact that the thoroughfare hosts heavy bus traffic — and that lanes need to be wide enough to allow buses to pull over to pick up and let off passengers without blocking multiple lanes of car traffic.
Gillooly said he is sympathetic to concerns of cyclists and pedestrians and is thinking of narrowing the car lanes to 10.5 feet in some places, rather than the 11 feet currently in the proposed plan.
“We're talking small increments, but maybe the small increments, if we can cobble together enough of them, might allow us to do something more,” Gillooly said.
But in order to receive federal funding, the project must be advertised to contractors by the fall of 2015. Gillooly said there is not enough time to undergo a major alteration to the current design plans. Anything more than modest adjustments would require extensive changes to the engineering of utilities underneath the ground, as well as new layouts for landscaping and a completely different proposal for traffic movement, Gillooly said. It's too much work to get done by next fall, he continued, when the city is also busy with many other projects.
“There may not be a project, at least in the short term, if we start all over again,” Gillooly said. “If we had a practical way to do it, we'd certainly consider it, but at this point we don't see a clear path to getting it done.”
Boston University seems to be siding with the city. In a letter earlier this month to the LivableStreets Alliance, the university's vice president of government and community affairs, Robert Donahue, stressed the need to avoid eleventh-hour reversals.
“The financing and feasibility of this project has been made possible through federal earmarks which need to be used or are in danger of being lost,” Donahue wrote. “I would urge both the city and state to be mindful of these facts before they contemplate a major redesign . . . that would definitely jeopardize the delicate funding balance of this project.”
The last official meeting about the street changes was held two years ago, and those in attendance say few of their suggestions were accommodated. Now, Gillooly said there will be another meeting, probably by September, to keep commuters, residents, and business owners abreast of the plans.
But advocates maintain that the city is reneging on promises to use big-budget construction projects to improve the experiences for more sustainable forms of transportation, such as walking and biking. The stretch of Commonwealth Avenue in question was listed in the city's 30-year bike network plan to receive cycle tracks.
Gillooly said some of the cyclists' safety concerns might be addressed by possible plans to install bike-specific traffic lights along the thoroughfare, which would offer bike riders priority to cross intersections first in some situations.
In a statement last fall, Andy Weigl, the father of Christopher Weigl, wrote that Commonwealth Avenue needs improvements.
“The recent changes along Comm. Ave. — improved warning signs, pavement markings and reflectors — are better than doing nothing,” Weigl wrote. But the city still needs to employ more aggressive tactics such as “physical infrastructure investments, such as dedicated bike lanes that are separated from vehicular traffic (cycle tracks), smart policy changes, and an ongoing commitment to real culture change to go with them.”
Josh Reynolds for The Boston Globe Officials in the Boston Transportation Department say the plans for Commonwealth Avenue — which have been in the works for at least four years — aren't set in stone, and they are considering concessions to bicycling advocates and other community members.
Related:
• A cyclist's mecca, with lessons for Boston
• With crash data, Boston tries to make bicycling safer
• Editorial: As crashes mount, city must get serious about bike safety
• Watch: Bicycle safety in Boston
Martine Powers can be reached at martine.powers@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @martinepowers
More than 35,700 Syrian refugees have arrived in Canada since then-newly elected Prime Minister Justin Trudeau welcomed the first planeloads at Toronto's Pearson International Airport last December.
Among the first to arrive were Hamzeh Mourad, his wife Ghader Bsmar and their two small children, Hoda, 7, and Feras, 5. Mourad wanted to support his family, so as soon as he learned to use the subway, he went straight to work.
Within six weeks, he was stocking shelves at a Middle Eastern grocery store in Toronto. Soon afterward, he took a second part-time job at a bakery that specializes in Indian sweets. The family now has enough money saved to buy a car so that Mourad can start a third job, driving for Uber.
Taking on a third job is an important move for Mourad and his family. Refugees receive financial support from either the Canadian government or private sponsors for a full year after they arrive.
But for the Mourads and thousands of other families who arrived early in the Canadian program, that support is now coming to an end.
Mourad sees a bright future ahead. He says he's confident that working three jobs is just a temporary measure and that he'll find better work once his English improves.
But for most of the refugees, the arrival of “month 13” in Canada will likely mean continued struggle. For many refugees, the first year of financial support barely covers the necessities. They can apply for social assistance once the official program ends.
Government studies show that up to 80 percent of refugees do that. But welfare payments are even lower and as recipients try to adapt to Canadian life, they can face significant financial difficulties.
Radwan Baranbo and his family arrived in Hamilton, Ontario last February. They are sponsored by the Canadian government, which pays them a monthly allowance to cover living expenses. Baranbo, 31, says the allowance barely pays for the essentials now. Welfare payments would be even lower.
Radwan Baranbo has been living in Canada for a year now, taking English classes five days a week. But he worries he'll have to give that up once his family's refugee assistance ends. Credit: Anita Elash
His father, Ahmed Baranbo, has multiple sclerosis so the family has extra expenses. Radwan and his oldest sister, Khuloud, both have part-time jobs that pay the minimum wage — CA$11.40. They have to count every penny to make ends meet.
“It's good if we have maybe 100 [Canadian dollars] on the 27th day of the month,” Radwan says. “This money that comes from the government, it covers just one month. Not extra things to save it.”
The Baranbos left Damascus in 2013 as Syria's civil war intensified.
“We lost our home, we lost our houses and we lost our jobs, me and my sister and my dad, we lost everything there,” Radwan says.
They went to Jordan to try to build a new life. The Canadian government invited them to resettle here last February.
The Baranbos are a close-knit family, and education and self-improvement are a big priority. The father, Ahmed, 61, was a businessman in Damascus. Khuloud taught physics at Damascus University and hopes to pursue her PhD in Canada.
“I'd really like to be an expert or researcher in physics laboratories because I love experiments and physics,” she says.
One of the Baranbo sisters sports her new winter coat, bought at a Black Friday sale. The family counts their pennies to make ends meet in Canada. Credit: Anita Elash
He clearly enjoys learning English and is proud to say that he finally understands grammar. He says his future in Canada depends on it. As soon as his English is good enough, he wants to pursue an MBA and work in finance.
“If I have good English, I have a lot of choices. And I have good job. I will make lots good money,” Radwan says.
But as month 13 approaches, Radwan and Khuloud worry they may have to give up classes so they can support the family. Radwan says they don't want to apply for welfare, because they've already taken enough from the government. He says he's willing to take any job he has to, and that could mean the end of his English studies and possibly his ambitions.
“If I don't have English I have [little] choices," he says. "Maybe, like now in a restaurant, wash dishes. Not more, not higher position. I don't like to stay at one level in life. I like to improve my life and improve my skill to be better."
Canada has a program that allows private citizens to sponsor refugee families. And resettlement workers say that refugees who have private sponsors tend to settle in to their new home faster than government-sponsored arrivals. They say that's because most private sponsorship groups provide ready-made connections to the community and an ongoing source of financial and social support.
A group of seven friends organized by Toronto residents Ashley McCall and her husband Chris Monahan have guided the Mourads every step of the way since the family arrived in Toronto last December.
McCall says everyone in the group was nervous about taking on the family.
“It was, you know, anxious that everything turn out and it felt like a big responsibility,” she says.
The Mourads escaped from Homs after Ghader's youngest brother was killed by a roadside bomb. Their son, Feras, was just 2 years old, and had been diagnosed with leukemia, so they went to Jordan for medical care. They arrived in Canada with only their clothes and $800.
After meeting the family at Toronto's international airport, McCall and Monahan took the Mourads to a friend's home where they stayed over the Christmas holidays. Ghader says her family was nervous too but that they quickly settled in. The family is Muslim and it was their first Christmas. She says there were scented candles everywhere. When they woke up on Christmas morning they were surprised and delighted to find gifts from Santa Claus outside their door.
Chris Monahan (far left) and Ashley McCaal (near left) sponsored Ghader Bsmar (near right) and Hamzeh Mourad (far right) after the Syrian family arrived last December. Credit: Anita Elash
The sponsors have helped the Mourads with everything since. They enrolled the children in school, signed up the adults for English classes and helped Hamzeh find work.
Perhaps most importantly, they raised $43,000 (US$32,000) for the family. That was enough for Hamzeh could save his earnings, which will allow the family to live independently once the sponsorship ends this month.
By the late ‘90s, with Street Fighter 2's impact on arcades receding in the West, the beautiful rows of wooden cabinets and the glow of their CRTs suffered a commercial deforestation. With their dwindling ranks went the heyday for genres built around a quick play and immediate gratification. Genres like the shoot-em-up, which predates all the rest with links back to 1962's pioneering Spacewar!
In its prime, the shoot-em-up genre swelled with a distinctly Japanese form of game design, screens covered by hellish bullet patterns and anime girls—plus notable domestic off-shoots. Post-arcade, the shoot-em-up, the shooter, the shmup, or the STG (pick your acronym preference) receded into an enthusiast bubble, hidden from view after first and third-person action games captured the designation of 'shooter.'
In those dark years, shmup enthusiasts either contended with pricey, obscure late releases on the Dreamcast and Neo Geo, or by sheer will, discovered alternate venues, corners of the internet where potential classics like the enemy pile-on Cho Ren Sha resided prior to common digital distribution and Steam.
"I found an online resource of Japanese people, just basement devs, who would be posting shmups and posting updates every day online. Some of them were crap. Some of them were unbelievably cool," remembered Don Thacker, founder of Imagos Softworks, developers of the Kickstarted genre cross-over Starr Mazer .
Know your terms Shoot-em-ups have a language all their own. Here are some words you'll want to know. Fixed: Any shooter where movement is locked to a single restricted axis. Think Galaga, think Space Invaders.
Vertical/horizontal/isometric: Shmups define themselves by their direction. Some games mix types.
Bullet Hell: A genre defined by enemy bullet patterns with few safe spaces. Also referred to by its Japanese designation, danmaku.
Traditional: There's a communal debate about the exact term, but traditional refers to shmups styled like those prior to the advent of bullet hell. Less intense.
Touhou: Referring to a long standing series of Japanese PC shmups which stretch into additional media.
Doujin shmup: Japanese hobbyist titles, a predecessor to the modern indie scene which still carries on today.
Tate Mode: Turn your display vertical to match the aspect ratio of vertical shmups and you're in Tate mode.
Discovery comes easy when wandering a hall of video games, each churning attract screens. Without arcades, those random hubs found by curious Google hunters such as Thacker were it for the shmup's exposure, outside of certain studios aiming at the die-hard audience. The genre, and with it the shmup's myriad of sci-fi, fantasy, and military fetishism, fell into disrepair. The mainstream gaming public chewed on ever increasing polygon counts; the dedicated shmup fan sifted through what amounted to back alley digital dumpsters seeking anything of merit still made with scrappy 2D sprites, subwoofer crushing explosions, and mountainous end level bosses.
Then, a visible indie game movement, and more so, Steam. Consider the timing as the calendar turned to the 2010s: Kids who mastered joystick controls in front of CRTs burning phosphors, expertly navigating games at the height of shmup popularity—from Namco's ageless Galaga to Capcom's beautifully exaggerated, WWII "inspired" 194X series—plug into their nostalgia as developers. Thus a flurry of Steam activity, sizable enough to wear down even the hardened genre devotees, but also a sign of regeneration and visibility.
Now developers like Mommy's Best Games, developer of the neon obsessed heavy metal shmup Shoot 1UP, can find a home for their uniquely textured throwbacks.
"Steam has been great to release Shoot 1UP to, as it was very successful on Xbox 360 and now we can reach even more people. I love consoles but not everyone has one. With PCs, nearly every gamer has a machine that can run our 1990s style shooters," said Nathan Fouts of Mommy's Best Games.
It's a gold rush on Steam compared to the genre's low point. The service afforded a substantial kick to the shmup, which at the turn of the decade saw a fleet of indies in such numbers, Don Thacker amusingly stated that for developers, "Steam is bullet hell."
The slow resurgence
Throughout the early 2000s, a few notable studios entered the space, some earning wide acclaim, including Treasure's polarity swapping Ikaruga (no article on shmups is free from Ikaruga's notable grasp). Aside from Treasure, popular Japanese developer Psikyo (notable for their raucous Strikers 1945 and the perky, daydream-like Gunbird) died off by 2003, vacating the space. Enter Japanese developer Cave.
Founded in 1994 but finding their footing as Psikyo neared shutdown, Cave's numerous early entries include tongue twisting titles DoDonPachi, Espagaluda, and Guwange, the latter boasting a genre-exotic medieval Japan setting. Further efforts in the later 2000s brought on bullets in droves from Mushihimesama, Espagaluda II, and Deathsmiles, the latter fitted with anime witches and anime fantasy and anime tropes to saturated extremes. Each of Cave's entries fell into a contemporary sub-genre affectionately coined 'bullet hell,' partly unsurprising since the studio's formation is owed to former employees of the bankrupt Toaplan, arguably where the designation came from following Toaplan's sci-fi dazzler Batsugun.
Bullet hell came to define the zest of a shmup, balancing an elegant ballet of colored weaponry and a playable protagonist with a single weak point, mere pixels (or even pixel) wide. They're peak shmup, where pressure-driven, graceful movement meets a handsome (and ceaseless) display of enemy attack patterns. Steam is full of these gripping yet punishing games, including a back library of Cave's work.
"There's a strong support for Cave and the bullet hell genre itself… The shooting game developers catered more to a dwindling audience who were demanding harder and harder games," noted James Wragg, Director of Publishing at Degica, responsible for bringing some of those Cave classics to Steam.
"Steam fills that gap and enables companies. They don't need to go through a publisher like us. They can publish independently," began Wragg. "It basically allows them to publish without all of the red tape of the platforms like PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo. In theory, it opens it up to a much wider audience because Steam's got such a huge user base."
"It's very encouraging to see a lot of indie circles start to release stuff on Steam. Back in my day, you wouldn't see that. But now you're seeing stuff like Crimzon Clover [and] Mecha Ritz [Steel Rondo]," said Danny 'danbo' Baxter of Stellar Circle, developer of 2016's Blue Revolver, a suitably low-fi gem owing much to Cave's turn-of-the-century design philosophy.
Influenced
Nostalgic influence feeds the listings on Steam, cultivating a collection of shmups which hit every classification in a varied genre—vertical, horizontal, traditional, even twin stick (although the hardcore community may find the inclusion dubious). Shmups even interject themselves elsewhere.
"If you click the bullet hell tab on Steam, you'll see a lot of games that bear no resemblance to something that I've been playing. Undertale had bullet patterns, Neir Automata is going to have them," said danbo a few weeks before Nier's release.
The rush of games—and those borrowing elements—has caused a touch of in-fighting between those passionate for the striking difficulty of bullet hell and those seeking something more passive. Like Degica's Dariusburst, the continuation of a decades old franchise set in deep space as players set ablaze robotic, oceanic inspired creatures. In a genre of familiar routines, Darius is (and forgive the pun) in a sea of its own.
"There's a certain generation where their first encounter with shooting games was bullet hell. For them, bullet hell equals shooting games. We came across this when we released Dariusburst. Some of the reviews from users saying there's not enough bullets on screen, but it's like comparing Virtua Fighter to Street Fighter," said Wragg, noting the wide separation in shmup styles.
Steaming
Paging the community on hangout Shmupsforum, users expressed dismay surrounding imperfect ports, brought up fandom punching bag Sine Mora for a laugh, and tossed positive sentiments at the modern accessibility of the genre. "The recent deluge of shmups on Steam has been a great thing… The genre is finding a wider audience and there have been some great indie efforts. Shmups are alive and kicking and I hope it continues forever," noted one user.
"At the same time, especially in recent years, it also allows for a boatload of shovelware to gum up the works," countered one forum regular.
As with Steam in general, the visibility problem grows with each new game added to the service. "I think Steam is brilliant at making things accessible. I also think Steam added more games last year than Steam had previous," stated Thacker. "If you look at our little pie slice on Steam and you fill it 80% with Cave games, I think it's going to be hard for us to have the discussion about a genre a lot of indies are trying to put back together."
Wragg, however, welcomed the influx. "I'm happy to see competition in the market because competition is good for everybody. It makes people push harder and I'd rather see the shooting genre go somewhere other than just bullet hell and have somebody come up with crazy mechanics that push things in other directions. The only way that can happen is through new people with new ideas coming in."
I'd rather see the shooting genre go somewhere other than just bullet hell and have somebody come up with crazy mechanics that push things in other directions. James Wragg
Bullet hell continues to dominate on Steam. Of the 15 pages of games listing themselves under shoot-em-up, nearly half pin themselves to bullet hell. "There are definitely a lot of games you could play, but I'm not sure how many of those are really geared to getting people into games like bullet hell," said danbo.
"For the beginner coming in, it is a very difficult place to start. But Steam again on that front allows people to, without much of a financial investment, pick up couple of shooting games in the sale or a couple of really well priced indies," said Wragg.
Games like Thacker's gorgeous Starr Mazer, mixing horizontal shooting and point-and-click gameplay, come pre-designed for entry level play. "I've had 45, 50 year old guys come up and they'll be like, 'Oh, it's Galaga.' It's super not, but I understand that's all you can link it to so let's use that as a stepping stone."
Those looking to jump in on Steam might be turned away by Cave's kinetic, even exuberant style, but can find solace elsewhere. "[Jamestown is] pretty simple to pick up. You can sit around with two, three, four players locally, enjoy it with your friends and the mechanics work very well for multiple players," said Wragg. He's right: Jamestown's friendly H.G. Wells-meets-American-Western aesthetic marries to a charming entry level pixel adventure without being first baptized by Cave.
If nothing else, the genre remains alive, and in good hands. The indie surge brought on by Steam, for its inevitable faults in saturation, allows developers to find a home. “If you haven't gone to the shmup section on Steam, check out some indies. You're missing a lot," began Thacker. "Also if you grew up in the ‘80s and ‘90s and you liked shmups, they're there. They exist. It didn't go away with arcades. They survived."
And Steam certainly helped.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- The Treasury Department and Federal Reserve on Sunday outlined a comprehensive government plan to prop up Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - the two mortgage finance giants that play a crucial role in the U.S. economy.
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said the Bush administration plans to ask Congress to enact legislation to temporarily increase the line of credit that the companies have with the Treasury. It would also allow the Treasury to buy stock in the companies.
Paulson also said the Federal Reserve should be given a greater role supervising the finances of Fannie and Freddie.
In addition, the Federal Reserve announced Sunday that the mortgage finance companies can turn to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for funds. The move gives Fannie and Freddie the same access to the funds as commercial banks and Wall Street firms. The agency granted investment banks such access earlier this year in the wake of a similar crisis of confidence when investors lost faith in Bear Stearns.
The decision by the government to step in comes at a tumultuous time for the two shareholder-owned companies, which own or back $5 trillion in home mortgages and are counted on to play a central role in the recovery of the battered housing market.
At issue is the companies' financial condition and whether their balance sheets are strong enough to continue their business of buying and guaranteeing home mortgages. The plan by the Treasury and the Fed would provide Fannie and Freddie with needed capital. Beyond that, even the promise of government support could be sufficient to calm investors.
Last week, investor concern sent shares of Fannie Mae (FNM, Fortune 500) and Freddie Mac (FRE, Fortune 500) plummeting. The selloff left shares of both firms down more than 45% for the week and about 75% for the year.
"Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac play a central role in our housing finance system and must continue to do so in their current form as shareholder-owned companies," Paulson said. "Their support for the housing market is particularly important as we work through the current housing correction," he added.
Provide crucial finance to housing markets
Fannie and Freddie provide a crucial source of funding for banks and other home lenders, especially since a credit market crisis last summer left them the only major players in packaging pools of mortgage loans into securities for sale to investors.
If they were unable to do so, it would raise the cost and restrict the availability of mortgage loans, causing more problems for already battered housing prices and sales. That in turn would be another significant problem for the overall U.S. economy, as well as global credit markets.
While investors have had doubts about Fannie and Freddie for years, the government is stepping in now because of the current heightened panic atmosphere on Wall Street.
"The market has its sights set on Fannie and Freddie," said Richard Yamarone, chief economist at Argus Research in New York. "With them in the target zone, the Fed and Treasury felt they had to act. [The agencies'] plan is being conducted to contain investors' fears from spreading to the rest of the market."
Sunday's announcement comes ahead of Monday's opening of the stock markets and a scheduled $3 billion debt sale by Freddie Mac.
"Now that you know you have the government's backing of these entities, that should go a long way to pacifying investor fears," Yamarone said.
The White House issued a statement Sunday evening urging Congress to act quicky - something that both Republican and Democrat leaders vowed to do.
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., praised Paulson's plan. "While Fannie and Freddie still have solid fundamentals, it will be reassuring to investors, bondholders and mortgage-holders that the federal government will be behind these agencies should it be needed," he said. "The Treasury's plan is surgical and carefully thought out and will maximize confidence in Fannie and Freddie while minimizing potential costs to U.S. taxpayers."
In fact, the extent of their troubles is in debate. Several analysts and a former Federal Reserve governor have said last week that the two companies desperately need to raise money.
Others, including Fannie and Freddie, their regulators, some Wall Street analysts, and Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Conn., the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, have defended the strength of the two companies.
"What's important are facts - and the facts are that Fannie and Freddie are in sound situation," Dodd said on CNN's Late Edition on Sunday before the announcements by Treasury and the Fed. "They have more than adequate capital. They're in good shape."
Access to capital
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, in statements Sunday, reiterated their financial strength. "We continue to hold more than adequate capital reserves and maintain access to liquidity from the capital markets," the Fannie statement said.
A Freddie statement pointed to the upcoming release of its quarterly results. "We expect the results will also show that we have a much greater surplus above the statutory minimum capital requirement. The company's capital and liquidity resources will enable it to continue to serve its public mission as it has always done."
While they now have access to the Fed funds, the companies likely won't need to use the privilege at this time, said Art Hogan, chief market analyst at Jefferies & Co. in New York. But the move will give investors additional confidence that Freddie and Fannie can tap the pool of liquidity backed by the federal government.
Further, unlike the Fed's decision to let investment banks trade mortgage-backed securities for federal funds, the government is not taking on a lot of risk by letting Fannie and Freddie step up to the window.
"They have a very conservative pool of loans," Hogan said. "You know what you've got here. It's pretty bread-and-butter."
On This Day
Tuesday 14th March 1922
96 years ago
John "Jack" Mack, who co-founded what would become one of North America's largest makers of heavy-duty trucks, was killed when his car collided with a trolley in Pennsylvania. In 1890, Jack Mack went to work for Fallesen & Berry, a carriage and wagon company in Brooklyn, New York. Three years later, Mack and his brother Augustus bought the business. In 1900, the siblings founded the Mack Brothers Company and began making motorized vehicles. In 1905, they began producing trucks in Allentown, Pennsylvania, where the company continues to be headquartered today. In addition to trucks, the business built buses and railway cars. In 1910, Mack Brothers developed the first motorized hook-and-ladder fire truck for Morristown, New Jersey. After the brothers sold their company to investors in 1911, it continued to flourish, and during World War I, Mack built thousands of trucks for the American and British governments. The company acquired its trademark bulldog logo when British soldiers said the truck's blunt-nosed hood and durability reminded them of their country's mascot, the bulldog. In 1922, the year Jack Mack died in a car crash, the company was renamed Mack Trucks Inc. In 2001, Mack was acquired by Volvo of Sweden. Today, Mack trucks are sold in over 45 countries worldwide and the expression “it hit me like a Mack truck” (meaning something that creates a powerful impact) is part of the American lexicon.
In fairness to CNN, invites based on opinion polls do have some theoretical appeal. Everyone is judged according to the same standard. Debate sponsors aren't seen as biased. And public opinion polls are a strong if imperfect indication of a candidate's viability. But the approach is flawed and ought to be abandoned for the same reason that it's foolhardy to implement zero tolerance policies in public schools, mandatory minimum sentencing in courts, or teacher evaluations that only consider standardized tests. In all these examples, decision-makers use inflexible policies to absolve themselves of the responsibility to make difficult judgements in close cases. As a result, obviously relevant factors are ignored and self-evidently absurd outcomes result.
What factors are being ignored in the New Hampshire debate? There's Gary Johnson's resume. Especially in an early primary debate, where many voters are meeting candidates for the first time as much as choosing between favorites, having been a successful two-term Republican governor in a Democratic majority state ought to count for something. Nowhere is that more true than New Hampshire, where a strong showing by a long shot candidate can mitigate disadvantages like low name recognition and an inability to fund-raise. Isn't that an important possibility to preserve in a process where so much depends on courting publicity and rich people?
The absurd outcome should concern other candidates who received invites. It's perfectly appropriate that Tim Pawlenty, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum, and Jon Huntsman were contacted. But Donald Trump? Really? He decided against attending. But ponder this. The New Hampshire primary isn't until February of 2012. That's nine more months that voters have to get to know candidates! Is democracy best served by an early debate that includes a bombastic celebrity on the strength of his name recognition, and excludes a guy with eight years of executive experience because he spent more time governing than selling himself on reality TV?
Another problem with the CNN approach is that it permits the participation of politicians who aren't even formally running for president. I don't just mean pols like Michele Bachmann, who will participate despite the fact that she's neither declared nor set a date for an announcement. Or Sarah Palin, another invitee who won't make it, but could have if she wanted to take a break from her bus tour. CNN also invited Mitch Daniels and Mike Huckabee before they withdrew. Neither man will take the debate stage and make a mockery of the proceedings. But if they did, would CNN stick to its objective standards?
In theory, it's difficult to figure out who should be allowed in a presidential debate. It isn't always easier in practice, but I think that it is often easier, and this year shows why. I'd be hard pressed to articulate an overarching standard for who should get invites. But I'd suggest the general principle that the earlier the debate comes in the primary process, the bigger the tent should be -- you want to include every plausible contender who is earnestly serious about running.
By that standard, Gary Johnson would be included (and since other invitees aren't attending, we know there's room on the stage). So how about it CNN, WMUR, and the New Hampshire Union Leader? If you're looking to save face, just acknowledge that upon reflection Johnson meets the 2 percent threshold after factoring in the margin of error.
Image credit: Reuters
Piers Sellers landed in Greenland on a frigid Monday morning in April, and as he stepped off the plane at Thule Air Base he regarded the surrounding snow-covered hills with delight. A former astronaut, six-time spacewalker, and presently the acting director of the Earth Sciences Division at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Sellers was visiting the country for the first time. “I didn't even see this from space, since the farthest north the shuttle goes is fifty-one degrees latitude,” he said. “We're at seventy-six degrees now, right? Fantastic.” Sellers's plan was to rendezvous with NASA researchers at Thule (pronounced “TOO-lee”) and accompany them on Operation IceBridge, an annual mission to collect data on the diminishing ice in the Arctic Ocean and on the Greenland ice sheet. “These guys at IceBridge are always saying, ‘Oh, you should come along, see where the rubber meets the road,' and I say that I'm too busy, with too much piled on my desk,” Sellers explained. “But, given my current situation, of all the things that we're doing in the field, this one is probably the most critical right now.” By Sellers's “current situation,” he means the fact that he was recently diagnosed with Stage IV pancreatic cancer, a development that he wrote about earlier this year in the Times. After the diagnosis, he briefly considered living his final year or so—assuming his doctors' expectations prove correct—as a rich man might, in a tropical, hedonistic splurge. “I thought of myself sitting for weeks on a beach,” he said. “What would I do? I'd be thinking about climate. And I know that I'd be thinking about the problem, and thinking about areas that needed to be investigated. All these things would just be going around in my head. I'd be sitting on my beach with my margarita—and it would be pointless.” So Sellers went back to his desk job at Goddard, where he oversees the work of about sixteen hundred people, and considered how he could fit a few modest adventures between his office duties and chemotherapy sessions. Soon it occurred to him to go to the Arctic, which is warming faster than any other part of the world. “The global temperature has crept up one degree centigrade, but you can't really feel that,” Sellers said. “But everyone can understand the ice melting. Everyone can see these graphs, and see the shrinkage of the pole, and see that the Greenland ice-sheet loss is just huge.” According to data from NASA satellites and airborne missions like IceBridge, Greenland is losing about two hundred and eighty-seven billion metric tons of ice each year. This spring, the ice sheet's usual summertime melt began in mid-April, earlier than at any time in recorded history. That was worrisome to Sellers: if even a tenth of the Greenland ice sheet were to fall into the Atlantic, it would raise average global sea levels by about two feet. The IceBridge plane, it turned out, was running late—delayed in Fairbanks, Alaska, for maintenance on one of its propellers. This meant that Sellers would be biding his time around Thule for the better part of a week. He seemed undaunted by the prospect; apart from some headaches due to his medications and some occasional spells of fatigue, he remarked that he felt well enough to do just about anything. Some colleagues from NASA quickly drew up a calendar of activities for the next few days. Mornings would begin at the mess hall with a large breakfast, and then he would visit local sites of geological and historical interest. “Most everything tastes like cardboard to me,” he complained. But one notable exception seemed to be a good latte. He discovered a coffee shop on the edge of the base, called Café Cool, where a young Danish barista had a deft touch with the espresso machine. “You know, I think I'll get another after this,” Sellers said with surprise when he took a first sip. “It actually makes coming up to the Arctic worthwhile.”
At Thule, the mundane tends to intersect with a frozen, far-flung exoticism. When the U.S. government expanded the Thule base, in the early nineteen-fifties—mainly to keep a closer watch on the Soviet Union—it moved an entire village of native Inuit to a new location, about sixty miles away. A deserted village, known as Dundas, was left behind, and some of the homes remain standing a few miles from the base. As luck would have it, Sellers's visit to Dundas coincided with the arrival of a bevy of dog-sled teams that had been on patrol for the Danish military. Two local Greenlandic hunters, Sofus Alataq and Gideon Kristiansen, had helped guide the Danes through some difficult inland terrain. The Greenlanders were dressed in hooded sweatshirts and faded Adidas warmup pants; their sled was laden with clothing, rifles, and polar-bear furs. (Licensed Greenlandic hunters are permitted to hunt polar bears, as part of longstanding Inuit tradition, and the bear's hide is often worn as pants by hunters venturing out in extreme cold.) Alataq, who spoke passable English, said that most of their hunting this season had been for seal, and that recent changes to the climate had made sledding on the frozen bays and fjords—the primary mode of transport during the colder months—more difficult. “Less ice, warmer weather, spring is sooner,” he said. Sellers, a lanky figure dressed in faded jeans, Keen boots, and a bright-red winter jacket, was captivated by how the men's tranquillity and modest gear contrasted with the demeanor and appearance of the Americans, who shivered in their parkas. “These guys were perfectly suited to their environment,” he said later. “They understand every aspect of it. Nothing here frightens them, even though they're living in one of the most hostile places on Earth.” When he got back to base, he sent a photograph of the hunters to a NASA colleague who runs one of the agency's planetary-science divisions. “These guys are ready for Europa!” he wrote, referring to a frozen moon of Jupiter. The next day, a Danish Air Force team planned to make the five-hour round trip from Thule to the northeast coast of Greenland, where a science outpost called Station Nord is located. Their plane, a stout-bellied military C-130J, was hauling a load of diesel fuel to the station. Sellers, a licensed pilot, sat alongside the crew in the cockpit for most of the journey, taking in a broad view of the ice-locked northern coast of Greenland. Between cries of “Fabulous!” and “Fantastic!” and “I've got to get a picture of that!,” he snapped dozens of photos with his iPhone. The return trip took the C-130J over the ice sheet. This time Sellers shot photos from a window in the plane's cargo bay, and there were similar outbursts of enthusiasm at the sight of the frosted, otherworldly contours of the world below. The sheet's surface at this latitude didn't yet show signs of the summer thaw—typically marked by pools and creeks of sapphire-blue meltwater—but it appeared to spread forever in all directions, not smooth but rippled, and veined with long, sinuous glacial lines. At times, the plane cruised over small, snow-encrusted peaks, which seemed knitted together in their adjoining valleys with jagged seams of ice that ran for miles, resembling an endless San Andreas of white.
Marc Dos Santos
Marc Dos Santos, the Canadian head coach of the San Francisco Deltas, is already talking to agents and watching plenty of video as he looks to build a team to begin play in the 2017 NASL season.
I spoke with him Tuesday, prepping for an in-depth piece on MDS for Plastic Pitch‘s winter issue (no. 11, look for it in December-January). But there were some tidbits that really should get out there sooner rather than later.
Dos Santos said that the team has already signed players, including a Canadian, but the details of those deals have not been announced. The team is waiting for the right time to make those announcements, so he's mum on the identities of the players signed.
“Yes, we already have a couple of players signed to contracts,” he said. “We're waiting for the right moment to announce them. We have watched video, talked with agents, talked with players, we are looking at players who are free agents next season. We have to see what's right for the mode of play we want to have in San Francisco.”
It's no surprise that Dos Santos will look at Canadian players in San Francisco. When he coached the USL's Swope Park Rangers in 2016, he had four Canadians on his roster, and three of them were regular starters — Tyler Pasher, Mark-Anthony Gonzalez and Amer Didic. In 2015, he led the Ottawa Fury to the NASL final and was very proud of the Canadian content on the team, from Julian de Guzman to Mauro Eustaquio to Carl Haworth.
It could very well be that it will be easier for American NASL and MLS teams to sign Canadian players for next season. The Canadian Soccer Association has indicated that a “solution” for the Canadian-player issue should be unveiled before MLS Cup. In NASL and MLS, Canadian and American players are considered domestics on Canadian teams, but Canadians take up international spots on U.S. teams. In USL, Canadians and Americans are domestics across the board. This disparity has long been a bone of contention for the CSA. But, if the coming solution means that Canadians will be domestics on all MLS and NASL teams next season, there would be no valued international roster spots lost if the Deltas sign a Canadian or two.
And, with Dos Santos leading Ottawa to the fall-season title in 2015, the question is how many former Fury players might end up in San Francisco.
“Of course, It is easier to work with the players you have worked with before,” said Dos Santos. “But it is also true that, after you work with one group in one city, you can't repeat it the same way. Some players will be older, they will be slower. You can't simply do a copy-paste of what we had in Ottawa. Coaching would be so easy if it was like that.”
Dos Santos won't get the chance to face his former team in 2017, as the Fury have applied to leave NASL for the USL, a move that the Canadian Soccer Association is expected to approve in early December. The Tampa Bay Rowdies have also left the NASL for USL. The Fort Lauderdale Strikers need an owner, and the future of Rayo OKC is very much up in the air. NASL did make a positive step this week, confirming it has cut all ties with Traffic, the Brazilian super agency that had been embroiled in FIFA and CONCACAF bribery scandals. At one time, Traffic was heavily invested in the league.
Dos Santos said he tries to stay out of all the league politics. He has one job, to build a team.
“I was signed to bring soccer to San Francisco. It is is my first time in this city and, actually, it's an incredible city. Now, what I am hired to do is to bring soccer to San Francisco, to build a franchise in San Francisco. I am told by my owners that I am to keep on building, that this will be a team that is here to stay. But there's no getting around it; this is a very dark time for NASL. I try to stay away from all of that.”
Dos Santos said he hopes that the departures are a case of NASL needing to “take two steps back in 2017 so it can take five steps ahead in 2018.”
Albright on the "weird" things Romney's said, his "Cold War nostalgia":
*Of the various weird things Romney has said, his position on Russia is truly out of date. If you were living in the 20th century, his position might have made some sense. In the 21st century, terrorism/al Qaeda is our #1 geopolitical threat, not Russia.
*I'm beginning to think that Gov. Romney simply doesn't have the facts, such all the things we've done vis-a-vis Russia. The Russians actually have been pretty helpful on Iran (although not so much on Syria). We can't look at Russia like we did in the Cold War. Romney has Cold War tone/nostalgia.
With regard to Romney's false assertions that there's some sort of rift between the U.S. and Israel, Sec. Albright responded:
*I know from my conversations with Israelis that they are VERY satisfied with President Obama's assistance - e.g., the Iron Dome system, assistance to maintain qualitative military edge, etc.
*Israelis believe the U.S.-Israel relationship is as good as it's ever been, that we're on the same wavelength, that the level of cooperation has been excellent.
*One of the flip flops of Gov. Romney and inappropriateness during his trip was saying that Palestinians are some sort of different culture. Now he's talking about two-state solution, but that obviously doesn't track even the things he himself says. President Obama believes in two-state solution.
Asked about Romney's short mention of Latin America, which focused solely on Hugo Chavez and the Castro brothers, Albright said:
*It's absolutely inappropriate for Romney to focus only on Hugo Chavez and the Castros.
*To characterize Latin America in that way is an insult, frankly.
*We've had new trade agreements with Columbia and Panama.
*The President has spent a lot of time thinking about Latin America, meeting with leaders in the region.
*Romney's speech was mostly a Middle East speech, he threw in a few other things probably just to show that he was aware there was a broader world out there, like 2 sentences on Latin America, very little on Africa, China and Russia.
*Romney's comments on Latin America are an example of how he and his foreign policy team do NOT have a full understanding of foreign policy, national security.
HAMILTON REBOOT: An artist's depiction of a new boardwalk proposed to run along the river between Victoria Bridge and Claudelands Bridge.
Hamilton Mayor Julie Hardaker has unveiled her grand plan to at last connect the city to the Waikato River, saying it marked Hamilton's "coming of age".
On the eve of the city's 150th birthday, and after decades of stalled river proposals, the scope and detail of the Hamilton City River Plan has been revealed.
It contains a mix of short- and long-term projects which Hardaker said would truly make the river the heart of Hamilton and transform the 16-kilometre stretch of it that runs through the city.
With four of the projects due to start immediately it won't take long for residents to see the difference.
"A clear objective of the plan is for the city to face the river and more importantly for people to be able to access the river," Hardaker said.
"One of the biggest things people have told us is they want to be able to access the river, to be beside it, touch it, and be able to see it. The success of the plan will be evident in the physical change of these places but having more people use the river and be near the river - that will be the true measure of success."
The plan creates a 30-year blueprint for how the city connects with the river and includes a string of projects timed to start immediately. They include transforming the Pukete pedestrian bridge into a garden bridge; creating a river swimming pool at Wellington St Beach; building a jetty and riverside gardens at Hamilton Gardens; and developing a detailed plan for Ferrybank and Roose Commerce Park.
Hardaker said the river plan aimed to turn Ferrybank into the city's premier river destination with a mixture of cafes, restaurants, and retail and office space.
A Waikato River Centre is also planned for Ferrybank which is expected to provide a hub for tourism in the city and wider region.
"The idea is to turn Ferrybank into our viaduct or Wellington waterfront," Hardaker said. "We know from feedback from the public that people overwhelmingly want a destination place on the river. Ferrybank will be the place to go if you're a visitor or if you're a Hamiltonian."
Some of the river projects would cost a lot of money, Hardaker said, and would require public consultation and feasibility studies. It was essential that the council worked with the business community and other funders to deliver the more costly projects, she said.
Other initiatives, however, were low cost, such as revamping the city's existing bridges with different paint jobs and architectural features.
The river plan will be presented to councillors next week and Hardaker would take a funding proposal to the council as part of the 10-year-plan budgets.
A staff member would also be assigned to oversee and implement the river plan.
"This is the most important thing for the city for a generation and will change the way we think about Hamilton and the way outsiders think about the city. This will transform the city for a whole generation and will see Hamilton coming of age."
Hardaker led an 11-member project team to develop the plan and was supported by a technical group made up of individuals from Waikato-Tainui, Waikato Regional Council, Mighty River Power, the Waikato River Authority and the city council.
City councillor and project team member Martin Gallagher said previous council attempts to open Hamilton onto the river had only been partly successful. With proper financial partnerships the plan could see Hamilton "truly embracing our very beautiful river", he said.
Judge finds “egregious” violations of Freedom of Information Act by Homeland Security and awards fees and costs to Prison Legal News for a lawsuit involving fees charged to inmates for telephone calls.
A federal judge has found “egregious” violations of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) by the Department of Homeland Security for failing to respond to a request for information about the telephone costs for immigrant detainees.
U.S. District Chief Judge Marsha Pechman, in an order issued Thursday, chastised the department and U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for ignoring Prison Legal News' FOIA request for information about how the agency determines telephone-call rates for detainees.
The FOIA was part of a larger, mostly successful effort by the advocacy group to control the costs that prison systems and telephone-service contractors charge inmates to make phone calls.
Pechman noted that Homeland Security failed to respond to the first FOIA request in July 2013, even though the law says an agency must provide an initial response within 20 days. Failing to do so opened the agency up to a federal lawsuit, the judge noted. A second FOIA request in December also went unacknowledged.
Prison Legal News sued in April 2014.
In September, ICE responded with a heavily redacted response that did not disclose a key “performance incentive rate” in a phone-provider contract, which Pechman concluded had been improperly withheld.
Pechman pointed out that it took 361 days since the first FOIA letter for DHS and ICE to turn over the first batch of documents, and that it took “several months” for the agencies to finish.
“The Court finds the delay in responding to Plaintiff's request to be egregious,” she wrote, and awarded Prison Legal News reasonable attorneys fees and costs for pursuing the lawsuit.
The U.S. Attorney's Office in Seattle, which represented the agencies, said Friday it was reviewing Pechman's order and had no comment.
CLOSE Hillary Clinton called Donald Trump's take on rigged elections 'horrifying.' USA TODAY
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump arrive for the third presidential debate in Las Vegas on Oct. 19, 2016. (Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
LAS VEGAS — A contentious debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Wednesday night involving abortion, guns and the Supreme Court turned upside down when Trump said he might not accept the results of the Nov. 8 election.
The third and final debate between Republican Trump and Democrat Clinton began calmly enough, as moderator Chris Wallace asked them about their views on the future of the Supreme Court, which is deadlocked 4-4 between conservative and liberal justices. Then Wallace asked both candidates whether they would back the election results.
"I will tell you at the time," Trump said, reversing his claim in a previous debate to support the outcome. "I will keep you in suspense."
Trump, who has crisscrossed the country saying the election is "rigged," argued that Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of State should have disqualified her from running. That, he said, was one reason he would not commit to supporting the election results. Clinton pounced and called the comments "horrifying."
"Every time things aren't going in Donald's direction, he claims it is rigged against him," said Clinton. She cited his insistence after he lost the Iowa caucuses and the Wisconsin primary that the Republican nomination process was rigged, that the court system was rigged when his Trump University was sued for fraud and even that he was cheated out of an Emmy for his Celebrity Apprentice show. "It's funny but it is also really troubling," she said.
Trump has crisscrossed the country saying the election is "rigged," raising fears among Republican and Democratic election officials that he will incite his supporters after the election in an attempt to undermine Clinton's ability to govern effectively. His running mate, daughter and various campaign officials have insisted that Trump will respect the outcome of the election amid a series of national polls showing Clinton with a wide lead both at the national level and in critical battleground states including Pennsylvania, Virginia and Colorado.
The first several minutes of the debate were civil, compared to their previous matchup in St. Louis. But by the end of the debate, Trump had called Clinton a "nasty woman" after she needled him over whether he would agree to higher payroll taxes to fund Social Security. On Russia, Clinton called on Trump to denounce the nation's suspected hacking of her campaign chairman's emails, and the two accused each other of being "puppets" of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Clinton framed a potential Trump's presidency as a test of the nation's moral character due to his treatment of women, minorities and the disabled, saying it's "up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is.” Trump landed blows over Clinton's family foundation, saying she should return donations from countries like Saudi Arabia and Qatar guilty of mistreatment of women and gays.
Gloves off and no handshake
Like in the last debate, the two did not shake hands at the beginning, and this time they also did not shake hands at the end. In a surprise move, the moderator asked the two to deliver closing arguments. Clinton took a positive tone, saying her life's work has been standing up for families against powerful interests and corporations to ensure good jobs and education. Trump said he's “going to make America great again” before launching into an assault on Clinton, including that electing her would be tantamount to four more years of President Obama.
For the first time, the two tussled over abortion, and Clinton made clear she will defend a woman's right to choose, while Trump berated her for backing late-term abortions. Clinton noted that she supports late-term abortion in cases to defend the life of the mother. “I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions,” she said.
Trump called it “terrible if you go with what Hillary is saying,” saying it would allow a doctor to “rip the baby out of the womb of the mother” in the ninth month. “It's not OK with me,” he said. Clinton said Trump was misrepresenting the circumstances of most late-term abortions: “That is not what happens in these cases and using that kind of scare rhetoric is terribly unfortunate,” she said.
Supreme Court
More broadly on the courts, Clinton said she would appoint members who will “stand up” for average people and not the “powerful,” and Trump said he will nominate justices with “a conservative bent.” Trump said “the Supreme Court is what it's all about,” contending that the Second Amendment right to bear arms “is under absolute siege.” If Clinton is elected, he said, “it will be a very very small replica of what it is now.”
Clinton disagreed, saying she respects the Second Amendment, but it's not incompatible with “reasonable regulation” to keep guns away from “people who shouldn't have guns.”
On immigration, Clinton argued that Trump's deportation plan is tantamount to a national effort to round up people and ship them out of our country. It “would rip our country apart,” she said.
She called for comprehensive immigration reform that includes border security and criticized Trump's proposal to build a wall along the Mexico border. Trump stressed that he would focus first on deporting undocumented immigrants guilty of crimes before addressing others in the United States illegally. “We have some bad hombres here and we're gonna get em out,” he said.
Clinton called it a “rank mischaracterization” that she is for totally open borders, saying that claim came from an email hacked by the Russians and turned over to WikiLeaks.
Trump refused to accept U.S. intelligence reports that Russia is behind the cyberattacks that have exposed emails from Clinton campaign manager John Podesta. He denied knowing Putin. "He's not my best friend," Trump said.
On the economy, the two debated tax and trade policy, with Trump vowing to crack down on countries like Japan, Germany and South Korea. “We have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out” by the 1993 NAFTA trade deal Clinton's husband, President Bill Clinton, signed into law. “It is horrible what's happening to these people,” he said. “Boy, did they suffer,” said Trump.
Accusations by women
The most controversial issue facing Trump in the debate was a series of stories from women spanning 30 years alleging he sexually violated them. Trump said they are all “lies” and he accused Clinton of orchestrating the stories.
“Those stories have been largely debunked,” he said, saying he believes “it was her campaign that did it.” On the women, he said: “I think they either want fame or her campaign did it.”
Clinton said Trump's treatment of women “goes after their dignity, their self worth, and I don't think there is a woman anywhere who doesn't know what that feels like.” She said it is “really up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is,” she said.
"Nobody has more respect for women than I do," Trump responded. The audience reacted enough that Wallace had to remind them to keep quiet.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2etsU7q
9 shares
by Matt Weiser (The Guardian) The deep waters off the coast of California could become home to the country's largest offshore wind energy project and a test case for a technology that is still in its infancy.
The 765-megawatt project, proposed by Seattle-based Trident Winds, would sit about 25 miles off California's central coast, near the town of Cambria. If built, it will be larger than the 630-megawatt London Array off the coast of Kent, – the world's largest working offshore wind farm that began operating in 2013.
To win government approval, Trident will have to prepare a lengthy report to investigate the potential environmental impact of its project.
California's coast is a major migration route for several whale species, and the underwater structures of the floating wind turbines could pose an entanglement risk.
“All the marine mammals, they have pretty good sonar detection,” Weinstein says. “So because we're talking about fairly thick lines, they can detect those obstacles in the water and swim around them. There have been no known incidents of marine mammals tangled up in mooring lines of offshore oil drilling platforms.”
Offshore wind development already has taken off in Europe and other parts of the world. The UK, for example, has installed more than 5 gigawatts of offshore wind power plants, meeting 10% of its total energy demand.
California has some of the world's toughest coastal development regulations. The state's first large seawater desalination project, for example, took more than six years to win government approval and survived 14 lawsuits before construction started.
“On the one hand, we want to support, in some fashion, renewable energy,” says Sara Aminzadeh, executive director of the environmental group California Coastkeeper Alliance. “On the other hand, we wouldn't want to support anything that has serious impacts on marine issues. There is so much that is unknown about constructing something thats essentially in the middle of the ocean. So it could be a tough issue for us.”
Trident submitted an application to the US Bureau of Ocean Energy Managementin January to lease about 50 square miles of ocean for 30 years. The project will also need approval from several state agencies.
The Trident project calls for mounting 100 turbines on floating foundations in water that's roughly half a mile deep. Floating foundations, which are kept in place with anchors and cables, have so far been used only in small pilot projects in places such as Portugal, Norway and Scotland. The anchors themselves may be giant concrete blocks or huge steel structures with hooks that grab the sea floor, not unlike a ship's anchor.
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
We already know that the work hours for animators in Japan are awful. But, as NHK reports, the average pay is shit, too.
According to a Japan Animation Creators Association survey of 759 animators, the average yearly income is 1.1 million yen or approximately ten thousand dollars. Which is less than a thousand bucks a month. And that's working, again, on average, eleven hours a day. That's rough for a country as expensive as Japan.
Even though anime is obviously big business in Japan, NHK adds that the domestic industry must compete with cheap labor in other countries in Asia.
Japan's Agency for Cultural Affairs requested the survey, so this problem is on the Japanese government's radar. An official from the Japan Animation Creators Association says that the development of young animators in Japan is key for the industry's future, and the association hopes to hold a symposium about bettering work conditions.
Advertisement
Until then, young animators will be doing things like working insane hours and trying to figure out how to do basic things like pay rent and buy food.
Top photo: oneinchpunch / Shutterstock
To contact the author of this post, write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find him on Twitter@Brian_Ashcraft.
Advertisement
A Hoover man is jailed on $270,000 bond, accused of raping a young family member more than once.
Brian Keith King Jr., 38, was arrested on Thursday after a two-month investigation, said Hoover police Capt. Gregg Rector. The investigation, described by authorities as "thorough and exhaustive," began by the police department's Special Victims Unit in August after they were notified about the possible wrongdoing.
Detectives took their findings to the Jefferson County District Attorney's Office, which presented the evidence to a grand jury. Multiple indictments were issued.
Rector said they can't release many details about the case because of the nature of the crimes and the age of the young girl. He did say she is currently doing well and has been in a safe environment since police were first notified.
King was arrested at his girlfriend's apartment in the 1300 building at The Retreat at Ridge. He is charged with first-degree rape, second-degree rape, three counts of first-degree sodomy, three counts of second-degree sodomy, enticing a child for immoral purposes and incest.
"Brian King is undoubtedly one of the most twisted, sickening and repulsive humans we've ever run across,'' Rector told AL.com. "When these cases are proven, he needs to be locked away for a long time. I really don't have adequate words to describe this sicko. Prison is the appropriate place for him."
A new great library of Africa
Clem Sunter
I have been saying for some time that news on pockets of excellence in South Africa is sparse. Headlines are dominated by bad news in the political world. As I put it, the media here is obsessed with the fight amongst the rangers to the point that positive developments in the game park are ignored.
So this article is an attempt to correct the balance. I gave a presentation last week at a conference called Reinventing African Libraries held at the University of Johannesburg. It took place in the new library spanning six floors on the Kingsway campus and which is being replicated along similar lines on the other UJ campuses. It has been nearly five years in the making and has recently been completed. Last year it had 6 million visits.
I was shown around the library before the conference started. It is sensational. I would say that it is absolutely on a par with the best university libraries in the world at places like Oxford and Cambridge, Harvard and Yale. It obviously does not have the historic stock of literature that these libraries have, but in terms of offering the latest in products that modern students want it has to rival them.
The last great library in Africa was the one in Alexandria in Egypt which was destroyed by soldiers of Julius Caesar in 48 BC. The UJ library proudly follows in the same fine tradition in that its mission is to be the best library in South Africa and by implication Africa. It wants to prepare every student for the knowledge economy which now exists around the globe. It is mainly an electronic library and works on the principle that every student needs a device and full Wi-Fi at high speed.
The library assumes that it is a basic right entrenched in the Constitution that students should be free to access any information or website on the internet. In that sense, it is the first step down the road of decolonising tertiary education in this country. All continents rank equally potential sources of learning.
I listened with a mixture of fascination and growing excitement to the welcoming address of Dr Rookaya Bawa. She is the Executive Director of the library and comes across as a leader who is passionate about the academic cause to which the library is committed. In addition, she also shows a degree of toughness in ensuring that the plan is properly implemented and the key performance indicators that apply annually to all staff are met.
She likens a library to a shop, except that physical books are stock items that have to be returned. The shop is open from 7-30 am to 10 pm and its value is measured by volume of transactions and richness of customer experience.
Importantly, 98% of the journal collection is electronic and is the largest in South Africa. There is a functioning catalogue so that unused physical books can be kept in storage “in order to offer space and calm in every corner of our store for the students to succeed with their personal goals”. Apparently, 100 trucks of garbage were removed in cleaning up the old library to create the uncluttered space of the new one. The Executive Director personally helped in this task. As she said, they did away with all non-matching coffee cups and saucers!
Other features of the library include rows upon rows of computers; an IT team and tutors to help students with their programmes; research, learning, social and reading areas; project discussion rooms without ‘shush' limitations on noise; a bindery where books or papers can be bound; training facilities; 24-hour secure spaces for all-night studiers complete with toilets and vending machines for food; a post-graduate research commons; a floor dedicated to law students with hard copy documents and a 24-hour response time on retrieving papers from the basement stockroom; a large venue for a 100-event programme each year to raise funds for new projects but which can also be rented out; and support spaces together with technology and tutors for students with disabilities.
She finished off her address by saying that she was blessed with a diverse and funky team of 150 people. The library has an internal staff academy and members of staff are asked to attend 6 out of the 15 modules offered each year. Among their responsibilities are the welcoming of students and ensuring that they are aware of all the services available; the monitoring of noise in the areas where students are reading; and maintaining the whole library in tip-top condition.
The intention is to digitise the entire PhD collection; to partner companies and NGOs on certain initiatives; and to raise R10 million as a reserve for hard times. All in all, the new library is a reminder of how special this country can be even in times of unrest and division. It also reminded me that transformation is about satisfying the demands of the millennium generation in a constructive manner rather than turning ones back on them.
Well done to all concerned for setting an example of deeds not words. It is an example that everyone should follow to make South Africa a winning nation.
Disclaimer:News24 encourages freedom of speech and the expression of diverse views. The views of columnists published on News24 are therefore their own and do not necessarily represent the views of News24.
Los Angeles has become the the third major U.S. city, after New York and Chicago, to ban e-cigarettes from public spaces.
Bloomberg reports that LA's city council unanimously voted to extend existing smoking bans to the odorless vapors of e-cigarettes. The “vaping” ban will encompass bars, restaurants, parks and, of course, farmers markets.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
City council members feared that e-cigarettes could lure non-smokers into a habit dangerously akin to smoking. “I will not support anything that might attract one new smoker,” said City Council President Herb Wesson. E-cigarette makers contend that the vast majority of their customers are smokers trying to quit, and that it's a “gateway” out of an addictive habit rather than into one. Either way, that gate has now closed on Angelenos looking to light up in public.
[Bloomberg]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Ronda Rousey Unsure If She'll Ever Fight Again After UFC 207 Loss
Ronda Rousey Taking Time To 'Think About The Future' After UFC 207 Loss
Breaking News
Ronda Rousey has broken her silence after that brutal loss at UFC 207 ... and it's clear she's considering retiring from the sport.
Ronda issued a statement to ESPN, saying in part "I need to take some time to reflect and think about the future" ... This after getting knocked out by Amanda Nunes just 48 seconds into the fight.
She goes on to say her entire focus this year has been pulling off a victory next time she got in the ring. She's clearly very shaken ... adding, "sometimes even when you prepare and give everything you have and want something so badly -- it doesn't work out how you planned."
Ronda beelined it out of the arena Friday night without talking to anyone, except a few fans.
As we reported, even her mom would like to see her hang up her gloves for good.
Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty has pledged to order a "thorough review" of the emergency response to a roof cave-in at Elliot Lake's Algo Centre Mall, where two bodies have been recovered from the rubble.
"We need to carefully review how we responded to this tragedy," the premier said at a news conference after touring the rescue site Wednesday and meeting with Elliot Lake Mayor Rick Hamilton.
"My undertaking to you all, and to all Ontarians, is that we will learn any lessons there are to be found here. Ontarians are committed to having in place, at all times, a world-class emergency response system."
McGuinty's briefing at the excavation site followed an emotional news conference earlier in the day, in which officials and the search and rescue head in Elliot Lake, Ont., described how they handled the emergency.
The victims have not been officially identified, but Lucie Aylwin was believed to have been trapped in the ruins of Algo Centre Mall. A second missing woman was identified as Doloris Perizzolo.
Trauma to the two bodies has hampered efforts to identity the victims, but McGuinty said he offered condolences to the families of the two women.
"I've met with the families of Doloris and Lucie in their times of grief," the premier said. "I conveyed to those families that they've been in the thoughts and prayers of Ontarians since this tragedy struck your community."
Bill Neadles of Toronto's Heavy Urban Search and Rescue team said he doesn't believe any other bodies are trapped inside Algo Centre Mall, although rescuers still have to sift through a large pile of rubble.
But tough questions from the media and townspeople focused on the Monday setback, in which the rescue attempt was called off because of the threat posed by a precarious piece of concrete that Neadles said weighed "3,000 to 4,000 pounds."
Neadles described in dramatic detail how his team had to retreat after coming close to a person who was trapped but could not proceed because a massive piece of concrete threatened to crash down on his crew.
'We were in a precarious position'
"We had an individual who is now trapped in a very serious amount of heavy concrete," he said. "We were in a precarious position. I have 37 men to bring home to their families. I hope you understand what I had to do."
He went on to say he would make the same decision again.
Relief fund set up Dawn Morissette, a long-time Elliot Lake community member, has set up a relief fund after the mall cave-in. (CBC) Dawn Morissette has helped to organize an Elliot Lake Relief Fund for the up to 300 people estimated to have lost their jobs or businesses following the fatal roof cave-in at Algo Centre Mall. "These are acquaintances. These are people who have helped me in the mall. These are people that I grew up with and run into when I moved back into town, so these are faces that I'm used to seeing on a regular basis," she said. Morissette said 75 per cent of the funds will be divided among the employees who lost their jobs, and the other 25 per cent would go toward survivors and victims' families. Among the large banks accepting donations are: Bank of Montreal, Scotiabank, TD, CIBC, Royal Bank of Canada and the Northern Credit Union.
Neadles described step by step how a major piece of equipment with a robotic arm was aided by two secondary pieces of equipment to slowly carve a path into the mall and methodically tear down parts of the building. Canine units helped recover the two bodies. Their names haven't been released.
"We were bringing all of the equipment we required," explained Neadles, who is a several times during the three-hour news conference defended his decision to stop the search on Monday.
"We got to 90 per cent and the roadblock came. We had to change plans. It weighs heavily on me to have to turn around and leave that individual in a position so helpless and defenceless."
Neadles and other officials called it a "miracle" that there were apparently only two deaths from the roof collapse in Elliot Lake, a former mining community of about 11,000 people that is 150 kilometres west of Sudbury.
"I saw the security video," said Neadles. "There were 26 people in that food court [just before the cave-in]."
The second body was found four hours after the first one. They were not far from one another.
Neadles said at the briefing, which began around 1:15 p.m. ET, that he expects the search should be completed in the next couple of hours.
Questions are swirling about the police investigation. Provincial police inspector Percy Jollymore said his department was assisting the Ministry of Labour and the Coroner's Office.
"Our Criminal Bureau of Investigation is fully engaged and our local criminal investigative unit is here."
There was no word about the mall's owner, Bob Nazarian. It was mentioned that his "representative" was on hand soon after the collapse and told officials that the mall owner was in agreement with anything they wanted to do for the rescue.
Before the intense overnight mall-dismantling efforts began, at least one person had been confirmed dead after the roof-top parking lot of the mall caved on Saturday afternoon, sending metal and concrete debris crashing through two floors of the building.
Town resident Catherine Timleck-Shaw told CBC News on Wednesday afternoon many people are still upset by the lack of transparency in the search.
"We were never kept informed. We had to find out everything from the news people and places on the internet," she said. "It's rather mindboggling that today we had nothing."
Local residents react to the first body being pulled out of the mall collapse. No identifications have been made yet due to the trauma on the bodies. (Chris Young/Canadian Press)
Another 12 people had remained unaccounted for, down from the 30 officials earlier estimated were missing. However, OPP Commissioner Chris Lewis said the number of people still missing hasn't been confirmed, although officials have good reason to believe they are not inside the mall.
Dan Hefkey, chief and assistant deputy minister at Emergency Management Ontario, had said early Wednesday morning that using the robotic arm on equipment from a Toronto construction firm, crews were able to move a massive section of an escalator and stairs that had prevented rescue workers from entering the mall.
The search for any survivors resumed late Tuesday after it had been halted Monday when it was believed there was a danger to people involved in rescue efforts, and there was public outcry and pressure from Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty to resume the mission.
Rescuers 'devastated' by reaction to setback
At the afternoon news conference, Neadles' voice broke as he described how his team was "devastated" by a sense from Elliot Lake residents the crew was giving up prior to the heavy equipment arriving. He said it was his decision to take his team out because "beams were going to fail."
"These men are professional police officers, firefighters and emergency medical paramedics ... that you thought we were going to pack up and go home. That was devastating," said Neadles. "We would stay another four to five weeks if we had to."
The audience, made up of townspeople, began to clap as Neadles finished his remarks and stood up to give him and his team, who are all volunteers and unpaid for the work, the applause. A clearly choked up Neadles went silent.
Neadles collected himself and went on to say his team, all from downtown Toronto, were fuelled by the "community spirit" of the town: "We love you."
At the Wednesday mid-morning news conference, OPP Commissioner Chris Lewis defended the halt and the resumption of the search, saying that earlier in the efforts, workers were doing their best in a quick way to find any survivors.
Lewis said "this is a tragedy that I'm sure has affected everybody in this community." He added that based on earlier reports that the mall was old and on the verge of collapse for a long time, there will most likely be an investigation of some type.
"Between the OPP and the Ministry of Labour ... that will all be examined, and if there was something done wrong here, we'll deal with it.
Residents express frustration
Kalata said many residents who have been at the disaster site since Saturday have been frustrated and angry that they aren't hearing updates about the search efforts in a timely fashion.
One resident reacting to the news that a body was recovered said, "Where's the rest of the people who are on the list" of persons believed to be missing?
OPP Commissioner Chris Lewis told reporters Wednesday after a body was pulled from the mall rubble in Elliot Lake that there would likely be an investigation. (CBC)
The search and recovery efforts have involved teams from private interests and various levels of government, with Prime Minister Stephen Harper also pledging military help if needed.
But the added human and equipment arsenal only came after intense criticism from residents.
In an interview in the early afternoon Wednesday, Hefkey told CBC News that the search was suspended temporarily because two structural engineers assessed the situation, and determined it wasn't safe for either any possible survivors or search crew.
"The equipment the rescue team had at that time was insufficient," said Hefkey. "That's when the staff inspector asked for further assistance and that's where he reached out to me. That led to the bringing in of three immense cranes."
Cycling's governing body, the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), confirmed over the weekend that it signed an initial agreement with private investors to begin a new professional cycling league. It said it is close to announcing a deal, which has the potential to reshape the cycling calendar in under three years' time.
Team Omega Pharma-QuickStep owner Zdenek Bakala and his Dutch business partner, Bessel Kok held a press conference on Friday to explain their plan. They said they gathered initial investors to create something similar to football's Champions League: the top teams competing in the top races. Bakala said that he is willing to invest €10-20m [€8-16m] of his own money.
The UCI confirmed the next day it has been discussing plans with the Czech Republic's wealthy businessman since late 2011. It said in a press release: “These discussions have included their potential financial investment in a new joint venture company with the UCI and other cycling stakeholders that would promote and organise elements of this new calendar.”
President Pat McQuaid explained, “In Zdenek Bakala and Bessel Kok we have cycling fans who have already done much for the sport but who want to invest further. That demonstrates the confidence they have in cycling and we are keen to partner with them and others. We look forward to making a formal announcement on this as soon as possible next year.”
Bakala, according to La Gazzetta dello Sport newspaper, has joined with eight to nine teams, including Omega Pharma, BMC Racing, Garmin-Sharp and Cannondale. Besides McQuaid, he has won over the UCI's former president Hein Verbruggen and former ProTour manager Alain Rumpf. The UCI confirmed it signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Bakala and Kok and is entering into “extensive dialogue with the teams and race organisers.”
Omega Pharma features classics champion Tom Boonen and as of January, Mark Cavendish. However, in Brussels on Friday, its owner was busy securing the team's long-term future. He presented his plan to journalists from the Times of London, Het Nieuwsblad, La Gazzetta dello Sport… newspapers that presented a joint manifesto to change cycling on October 27.
According to Het Nieuwsblad, Bakala said: “Financially, the teams are unstable. It's not normal that in November some teams don't know where they stand for the next season. Teams [are fighting for] TV money. There must have stable income streams for the teams, allowing for long-term planning. The current complex WorldTour ranking system also needs reform. Therefore, we must make a Champions League.”
The new league would feature the best 18 teams, similar to the ones in the WorldTour now. They would compete in about 20 races a year, including the Grand Tours, classics and historical races. Bakala and the investors would ramp up the prize money and allow teams a share of the TV revenues. The UCI would continue governing and provide an understandable ranking system. Bakala, however, wants it to hand over its anti-doping activities to a third party.
The major organisers – ASO, RCS Sport and Flanders Classics – remain the major stumbling block. Bakala must give them reason to share their TV revenues and sign off on the league. He has yet to meet with ASO, but if he gets the Tour de France organiser on board, the league could take shape sooner rather than later. As it is now, he has given himself three years to get the league up to speed.
The UCI is adding fuel to Bakala's engine. Only last Wednesday, it announced that early next year it would meet with all the stakeholders to “look to the future of the sport.” Given the developments in the last few days, the future seems be connected Bakala and a new league.
Related links
Cavendish leaves Sky for Omega Pharma-QuickStep
Under the War Powers Act, Congress is supposed to vote on any war within 60 days of its launch. The ISIS war began in 2014, and because of mid-term elections looming large, Congress just never voted on it, meaning the war was never authorized.
There've been a few pushes for Authorizations for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) against ISIS, but they've never gotten far. beyond their respective committees. The administration has simply ignored the lack of authorization for the war so far, but deploying ground troops into Syria is likely to bring the question some new attention.
This is doubly true because, back when those AUMF proposals were making the rounds, endorsed by the White House, they almost all explicitly banned sending ground troops into Syria, meaning even if the administration had gotten their requested authorization, they'd be violating it now.
That also means even if, as some Congressmen hope, the deployment obliges the Congressional leadership to finally see the AUMF brought to a vote, they're likely going to have to pen a brand-new version of the authorization that's even broader, in keeping with the various ways the war has expanded in recent weeks.
Those escalations in the war probably aren't done either, so the administration's input on any new draft will be an interesting guide into their future plans, and another reason why the White House is hoping this new push for authorization, like previous pushes, is brief and uneventful.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
The leader of the Claremont Colleges' Queer Resource Center has been fired over a string of tweets in which he openly critiqued heteronormativity, “well-meaning white women” and the police.
Dr. Jonathan Higgins was hired just last month to head the resource center for the consortium of California colleges, which includes Pomona, Scripps, Claremont McKenna, Harvey Mudd and Pitzer. The student affairs professional was brought on board for his activist background and experience empowering queer POC students.
Soon after assuming the role, however, a handful of “controversial” tweets began to make the rounds at the various campuses, which caused alarm among some undergraduates.
The student-led website College Fix picked up the story, highlighting three of the tweets and sharing statements from the concerned individuals, all of whom chose to remain anonymous.
The first tweet is from April of this year and saw Higgins responding to the question “Who are you automatically wary of/keep at a distance because of your past experiences?” His answer: “White gays and well meaning white women.”
In another tweet, Higgins criticized law enforcement: “I finally have nothing to say other than police are meant to service and protect white supremacy.”
And this June, the former resource center director blasted “#HeterosexualPrideDay,” a topic that began trending during LGBT Pride month.
“So y'all been real quiet about #heterosexualprideday,” he wrote. “I mean I thought I'd see parades celebrating rape culture, homophobia and transphobia.” In a followup tweet, he simply stated, “Oh wait: y'all do that every day…”
After the tweets began to gain national media attention, the consortium decided to fire Higgins and begin a search for a new Queer Resources Center director.
“Our priorities for the QRC remain the same—to maintain in a seamless fashion the robust services of the center, including its ability to provide direct support to students, expertise in workshops and trainings, and an inclusive space focused on student success and support, with a demonstrated commitment to diversity and community,” wrote Jan Collins-Eaglin, Pomona's associate dean of students for personal success and wellness, in a statement.
In response to Higgins' dismissal, a group of 100 student affairs employees and college students sent an open letter to Collins-Eaglin, slamming the firing as a “gross injustice.”
If history has taught us anything, we know that Dr. Higgins' experiences and caution are valid. White gay men have become the primary enactors of violence toward queer people of color. Recently in Philadelphia, white gay men were angered because the city introduced a new pride flag with added black and brown stripes. The colors, according to the Philadelphia Office of LGBT Affairs' More Color More Pride campaign, represent inclusion of people of color in the LGBTQ community. Dr. Mamta Motwani Accapadi has written about and presented on the ways white women have enacted violence on people of color and served to perpetuate and benefit from white supremacy. We would like to state in no uncertain terms that the firing of Dr. Higgins is a gross injustice and serves as an act of violence and silencing of queer black voices. The firing of Dr. Higgins sets a dangerous precedent for the field of student affairs—that those who directly and unapologetically challenge white supremacy, white fragility, and the multitude of problematic aspects of higher education and the dominant culture, will simply be discarded in favor of someone who will perpetrate the status quo.
For his part, Higgins has responded to the situation with resilience and humor on Twitter, ensuring his thousands of followers that he will continue to fight for justice despite the professional setback.
People keep asking me if I'm okay this week. Baby I'm fat, Black, queer and educated. My whole life has been a fight. — JonPaul (@DoctorJonPaul) July 16, 2017
I say what I mean and I mean what I say. If folks don't want to discuss the issues,why should that affect me? — JonPaul (@DoctorJonPaul) July 17, 2017
My existence is resistance. So I will continue to lead by example. Period. If you don't like it y'all, simple: don't follow. pic.twitter.com/QiydemCeYQ — JonPaul (@DoctorJonPaul) July 17, 2017
City councillors appear to have no interest in putting more money toward maintaining the downtown arena district once Rogers Place opens next year.
But the costs seem to be piling up.
Councillors were asked to dedicate funds to keep the arena district clean, remove snow, and put more enforcement officers on patrol. No one on council took the bait.
"I'm a little frustrated by it because we, as a corporation and as taxpayers, seem to be asked to (contribute) a lot to the overall maintenance of that area," said Coun. Scott McKeen, who represents the area.
He said the city has been asked to cover more than what council initially agreed to with the Katz Group in 2013.
City staff asked council to approve $554,000 to hire two new bylaw officers, and create "educational programing" to keep the area clean. The money would also allow the city to hire two social workers to respond to incidents involving homeless and mentally ill people in the area.
McKeen said the city hired 40 police officers specifically to address issues caused by crowds drawn to the arena district. Despite that, city staff say without these extra positions they expect the number of bylaw complaints and community safety concerns will increase.
"I just think we need to be clear on responsibilities and we need to push back a little bit," he said.
Coun. Michael Walters said it's natural for disorder to happen in busy centres with lots of people, but there are better ways to address the problem.
"I think the way we get out in front of that is working aggressively with the province," Walters said.
On Tuesday, the transportation department will present its request for six full-time downtown peace officers at a cost of $612,000 to maintain security when the extra crowds arrive.
The department also plans to ask for additional snow removal around the arena district to keep buses moving smoothly.
Walters said the city and the Katz Group will have to meet again.
"My understanding was that partnership would be ongoing, not just in terms of what we celebrate, but in terms of what we have to pay for," he said.
Both councillors said they support the downtown arena, but they don't want to pay any more.
"At some point you have to say no more," McKeen said.
An NYPD officer is due in court Thursday, accused of being part of an elaborate crime ring to rob drug dealers.
Jose Tejada, a 17-year veteran of the force, was arrested Wednesday night as he stepped off a plane at JFK Airport from the Dominican Republic.
According to police, Tejada began planning to rob drug dealers more than a decade ago. The conspiracy allegedly dates back to 2001.
Prosecutors allege that Tejada took part in three robberies in 2006 and 2007, in which he used his police issued service weapon, wore his uniform and drove a cop car. The 45-year-old is also accused of supplying the crew with NYPD equipment used in more than 100 robberies that netted 250 kilograms of cocaine and $1 million in drug proceeds.
Tejada also allegedly ran names of crew members through law enforcement databases to see if there were active warrants out against any of them.
Tejada was assigned to the 28th Precinct in Harlem at the time, but is presently housing cop in the South Bronx.
Authorities say 21 members of the robbery crew, including a second NYPD officer, Emmanuel Tavarez, and an auxiliary NYPD officer, have previously been convicted in the case.
According to the criminal complaint, Tejada also let them use his Manhattan apartment.
---
Uber On Wednesday, driver-on-demand app Uber comes to Microsoft Windows 10 — making it the first time ever that Uber has been available from a desktop PC.
In addition to the normal Uber functionality, the Windows 10 app will let you order a car by speaking to Microsoft's Cortana personal assistant, according to a blog entry.
Also, this new app supports Windows 10 Live Tiles, so you don't have to open the app to see how long you have until your Uber arrives.
And as a so-called universal app, it means that it will work on your Windows 10 desktop, tablet, and, in the unlikely event you own one, Windows 10 Mobile phone.
That's cool, but taking a step back, it's a coup for Microsoft and a sign that maybe — just maybe — Microsoft's curious Windows 10 app strategy is starting to work.
App strategy
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has long championed Windows 10 as an app developer's dream.
Thanks to what Microsoft calls the "Universal Windows Platform," or UWP, an app developer just has to program their app once and it'll run on any Windows 10 device anywhere, from PCs and tablets to smartphones and, eventually, the funky futuristic HoloLens holographic goggles.
But uptake of the Windows Store app market has been severely limited — for developers and customers.
Because Microsoft's Windows phones have barely made a dent in the global smartphone market, there's not a lot of incentive for app developers to bring their wares to Windows 10 versus, say, the money-making iPhone.
Uber on the Windows 10 desktop. Uber
As a result, the Windows Store has largely languished since Windows 10 launched over the summer.
Just last week, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella urged patience, saying that Windows 10's swift uptake in consumer markets and the enterprise alike meant that, eventually, the Windows Store would be too big for app makers to ignore.
Skepticism, though, runs rampant. Even former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer pooh-poohed Nadella's plan, saying "that won't work. He apparently thinks that Microsoft should perform the Hail Mary of getting Windows 10 Mobile to run Android apps, instead of trying to attract developers to Windows."
Live Tiles in Windows 10 show you an Uber's arrival time before it arrives. Uber
And so, getting Uber on Windows 10, as an official universal app, is a huge coup for Microsoft and Nadella. It means that Uber, at least, thinks that Windows 10 is worth the time and energy to support.
Once the promised Facebook apps for Windows 10 also come out, Windows 10 will really be cooking with gas. And Microsoft is obviously hoping that where Uber and Facebook go, the world will follow.
For a little light reading, or dark, depending on the page: imagine all the colors of the rainbow – including those we rarely see, and minute shades in between – packed into an 8-by-8-by-8 cube you can hold in your hand, and flip through on demand.
Tauba Auerbach is an American artist with a story to tell without words or even what we normally think of as illustrations. The result is a reference volume of a sort to designers, maps of possible choices for painters, or for some, perhaps, just a page-based piece of inspiration.
The beauty in this wordless books extends beyond the page, bleeding to the edge of each but also beyond to the airbrushed cloth covers both front and back. We are used to seeing such brilliant gradients on our computer screens, but there is simply something different about the analogous real-world experience.
Al-Qaida-Linked Militia Gains Control Of Fallujah
Robert Siegel talks to independent journalist Jane Arraf about the takeover of Fallujah and Ramadi by an al-Qaida-linked group. Arraf is based in Baghdad and was in Fallujah three weeks ago.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
The government of Iraq has lost control of the city of Fallujah. An Islamist militia linked to al-Qaida has gained control of much of that city and the Iraqi Army is now trying to figure out how to win it back. In 2004, U.S. Marines were fighting for Fallujah. To hear how things have come apart and who's fighting whom, we turn now to Jane Arraf. She's a long-time Baghdad-based journalist whose work appears in Al Jazeera America and the Christian Science Monitor. And she was in Fallujah last month. She's here today in Washington. Hi, welcome to the program.
JANE ARRAF: Thank you so much.
SIEGEL: First, the group that's linked to al-Qaida is called the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, or ISIS. Tell us about them.
ARRAF: Well, they're kind of what al-Qaida became - and we remember al-Qaida because they were responsible for some of them most horrific things during this war. They've actually transformed themselves. And we have to remember that al-Qaida is sort of a franchise. It's a group of interlinked but loosely interlinked cells. And the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria is fighting for what it believes it already has, the beginnings of an Islamic state that will cross borders. It's mainly in Syria now but it is reaching out back to Iraq, where it essentially started and where it still has links.
SIEGEL: It obviously is a Sunni Muslim group.
ARRAF: It is a Sunni Muslim group, although not everyone believes that, oddly enough, in Iraq. But its ideology is very much Salafi extremist, what we would consider extremist Sunni philosophy.
SIEGEL: Well, the battle between these groups, the ISIS, and the Baghdad government seems fairly straightforward. But also involved in the fight in Fallujah are the local tribes, which are, I guess typically Sunni Muslim as well. What role do they play in all of this?
ARRAF: Well, I think one of the things that's happened while we haven't really been paying attention in the West to Iraq in the past year is that the country has become essentially partitioned along sectarian lines. Now, Anbar, we have to remember, is the biggest province in Iraq. It goes all the way up to the Syrian border.
SIEGEL: This is where Fallujah and also Ramadi are.
ARRAF: This is where Fallujah and Ramadi are. It borders Syria, Jordan and Saudi Arabia. It's very, very tribal, and that's why the Americans had such a hard time there in 2004, 2003. That's why Saddam Hussein had such a hard time there. Now, the dynamic is that there is a long list of grievances that have been suppressed.
SIEGEL: These are grievances on the part of the Sunni Muslims of Anbar province against the government in Baghdad of Prime Minister al-Maliki?
ARRAF: Absolutely. It's not just that they're Sunni and it's a Shia-led government. It's that Maliki's government feels that it is under direct threat. He feels there's coup around every corner. And the most likely source of that coup, he believes, would come from Anbar, from Ramadi or Fallujah, fostered by other Sunni countries around Iraq. And that's part of the problem. It's not just Iraq. It is now a regional conflict and we're seeing that played out on the streets of Fallujah, which has been increasingly cut off from Baghdad over the past year.
SIEGEL: Well, is the Islamist group, ISIS, does it tap into some vein of public support around Fallujah? I mean, is it welcomed by the people there?
ARRAF: This is the terrible choice that you have to make, that one has to make, when you are in a country which has not emerged from war in the past 10 years. In 2003 and 2004, people there believed they had no one to protect them. So, they turned to al-Qaida. Al-Qaida overplayed its hand and then they turned al-Qaida, many of the tribes, in what was called the awakening with U.S. forces. The Americans left, the Sahwa, the awakening, the tribes who turned against al-Qaida were essentially abandoned. A lot of them were assassinated. And now they're in a fight that's multilayered. The army has not been into Fallujah and Ramadi. It can't go in because people are so hostile to it. The Iraqi government is engaged in mass arrests. It's arrested women. It's rounded up children. There's a long list of grievances there that really cut to the core of what Iraq is. And that's part of the reason why this is so complicated and so hard to fix.
SIEGEL: The way you describe it, it doesn't sound as though the prime minister, al-Maliki, stands much of a chance of putting this back together again.
ARRAF: You know, the Americans used to say when they were there, there is no military solution. And it's as true now as it was in 2004 when the Americans went in with Iraqi forces to Fallujah and essentially destroyed a large part of that city. What Sunnis around the country have been asking for, what disenfranchised groups who could be Shia or could be Sunni had been asking for is a share of political power. It's a feeling that they actually belong in the government. They haven't seen any of that yet. They've seen a lot of promises. But it's going to take a lot of political will, a lot of political compromises from a government that both feels it's under threat in Iraq, outside Iraq and is facing elections in a few months.
SIEGEL: Jane Arraf, thank you very much for talking with us about recent events in Fallujah.
ARRAF: Thank you.
SIEGEL: Jane Arraf was in Washington today, has been covering Iraq since 1991.
Copyright © 2014 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Mr. Bowie enjoyed shopping for rare vinyl at Bleecker Bob's before it closed in 2013 after 45 years, only to be turned into a frozen yogurt shop. But there are plenty of fine vinyl purveyors still operating in and around Greenwich Village, including Bleecker Street Records (188 West Fourth Street). If you're stopping there for vinyl on your Bowie crawl, do not expect much by the man himself, at least not for a while.
Nino Perez of Bleecker Street Records said the store quickly sold out of most titles in the days after his death and it did not expect to have more copies of “Blackstar” until the end of February, because of the high demand.
Image David Bowie's last album, “Blackstar,” was released on Jan. 8.
It's a similar story at Generation Records (210 Thompson Street). “I sold out of his new album right away,” Jason Primavera said, referring to the vinyl edition, though he added that customers were asking for it even before he died, as its positive reviews piled up.
Before stocks are replenished, consider taking home one of Mr. Bowie's contemporaries, like Iggy Pop or Lou Reed, both of whom he met and befriended during a 1971 visit to Manhattan.
Mr. Reed and the Velvet Underground's debut album was one of Mr. Bowie's first exposures to New York music, in the form of a gift from his manager, Ken Pitt, in 1966.
Let us test the case against Ryan Crowley and Essendon for suspect arguments.
1. He's a drug cheat? No, he is a player who was suspended for taking a specified substance. That suspension has expired. He is free to play football again. If you disagree with that, then you must also have disagreed with Collingwood's signing of Andrew Krakouer in 2011 after a jail term. You must have disagreed that Ben Cousins was allowed to play football again after being stood down by the AFL for 12 months.
Strictly speaking, you must disagree with the return of any banned player as long as the stigma of his offence remains. You must have demurred that Luke Hodge captained Hawthorn to the premiership again last season after serving a late-season two-week suspension for a dangerous bump on Chad Wingard.
San Francisco based musician and producer Mikael “Count” Eldridge (DJ Shadow, Galactic) is currently raising funds through an IndieGogo campaign to complete “Unsound,” a documentary that explores the collapse of the music industry in the wake of the Internet. The film follows five artists — Zoe Keating, Jurassic 5, David Lowery (Cracker/Camper Van Beethoven), Tycho, and Rhett Miller — as they contend with a new business model where content has lost its value. It comes at a time when Eldridge, who directed and produced the movie, faces eviction from his longtime Bernal Heights home and studio.
•
Eldridge tells us how he became interested in the project.
“What's interesting about being a musician in San Francisco and seeing the Internet revolution happening around us, we all thought this was going to be great for us. We all thought that not only would we be able to reach more fans but we would all profit from it. We all saw the promise of the Internet and embraced it immediately.
“But music has become more and more devalued financially and emotionally. People don't even click on a link if you try to give it away for free. It's had an enormous impact.
“I watched and waited and nobody was telling the story. It was shocking to me. It's not just about the music. This is about the entire Internet revolution and how it's impacting all content. If you want it for free you can take it. This is about the unintended consequences of the Age of Free. For consumers it's never been better – they have instant access to all the music, books and movies they want for free. There are serious consequences.
“It's sad when your favorite band has to give up and get day jobs because they don't make money doing music. It's downright scary when a journalist can't research a news issue because there's no money in it.
“The movie uses the collapse of the music business as the backdrop to tell the story because that's what people understand. But that opens the door to the much larger discussion.”
If you would like to contribute to the completion of Unsound, follow this link.
It's a highly contentious issue and one of the major talking points in British politics and current affairs. In just over two months Scotland will take to the polls and vote on a referendum to decide on secession from the United Kingdom. Should Scotland become the world's youngest country there would be a lot of issues that need ironing out for both the British and Scottish governments. Of course, some issues such as currency, national identity and division of the economy will be at the forefront – but as you readers are Eurovision fans, you probably only have one thing in mind!
Scotland would become an independent country on March 24th 2016 in the event of a ‘yes' vote. Believe it or not, Scottish representation in the Eurovision Song Contest has been covered in the Scottish government's 670 page “white paper” which outlines everything relating to the potential new country's independence. Should the polls bring up a ‘yes' result in September then motions will be put into place to set up SBS (Scottish Broadcasting Service) which will begin broadcasting at the end of the BBC's current charter on January 1st 2017. This isn't to say EBU membership will automatically arrive of course, and so if we were to see a Scottish Eurovision entry it would be either in 2017 or 2018 as an estimate, so there are at least a few more guaranteed United Kingdom entries representing the whole nation.
What would Eurovision mean to Scotland though? It'd be a way to strike up a national identity on the European stage much like their separation in football tournaments, but it seems likely the country would need to qualify from the semi-finals first. Depending on how much funding the BBC could continue to provide this could also spell the end of the UK's Big 5 status. Scotland hasn't had an entry in Eurovision since 1988 when Scott Fitzgerald almost won for the UK and so it would be a great opportunity to promote the abundant Scottish music scene abroad.
Either way, we will find out in a few months whether Europe is about to get a new country – but it may be at least a few years until we finally saw another debuting country in Eurovision!
Source: BBC, Scottish Government
Which Scottish artists would you like to see in Eurovision, either for Scotland or the UK? Let us know below!
Author's note: On Tuesday afternoon Bangor High School principal Paul Butler reversed his decision. Catherine Gordon will be allowed to keep her pink Christmas tree in her classroom.
Catherine Gordon has had a Christmas tree in her classroom at Bangor High School for 30 years. On Friday, the principal sent her an email ordering her to take down her tiny pink tree.
“I cried,” she told me in a telephone interview. “It was awful. It was so sad.”
Click here to find out how Todd Starnes fights the War on Christmas in 2015!
Ms. Gordon said she was told her Hello Kitty-themed Christmas tree was a “symbol of one religion over another.”
“The tree had no religious symbols on it whatsoever. No crosses or angels, just pink Hello Kitties,” she wrote on her Facebook page.
So this is where we are as a nation – a place where a teacher cannot decorate her classroom with a Hello Kitty-themed Christmas tree.
“In alignment with national and state standards, the Bangor School Department educates students about culture, traditions, and holidays through curriculum ties in English language arts, music, art, social studies and world languages,” the Bangor School Superintendent wrote in a statement. “Our focus is educating students to become global citizens with the necessary 21st century skills for college and career readiness for their future success.”
Oh, for heaven's sake. It's a freaking Hello Kitty Christmas tree not a Living Nativity.
“Why is a pink Hello kitty tree with absolutely no religious symbols offensive?” she wondered.
Ms. Gordon told me the pink tree has been in her classroom for years and no one has ever complained.
“Not one child said it was inappropriate or made them feel uncomfortable,” she said.
Ms. Gordon fondly recalls her early days of teaching when teachers were allowed to host Christmas parties. And they could serve cookies and sing Christmas carols and yes – even decorate Christmas trees.
But those politically incorrect days are long gone.
“None of that is allowed now,” she wrote on Facebook. “I feel that this is definitely a turning point in our society – when everything offends everyone all the time.”
It makes you just want to curl up in your safe space, doesn't it?
“It just sucks the joy out of everything,” the teacher wrote.
Amen, sister.
Ms. Davis told me she had no idea her private Facebook posting would go viral – but it did. And now the entire nation is talking about her 32-inch plastic pink tree.
“I'm not an activist and I'm not trying to make a political statement,” she said. “I'm just a girl from Maine who likes to hunt and fish and do outdoor things.”
And she really likes to decorate her classroom for the holidays.
“It's really sad that we have become a society – that in our wanting to be tolerant – has become extremely intolerant of everything,” she said.
Hello tolerance. Goodbye Kitty.
Demonstrators run on a closed highway during a national sit-in against President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas, Venezuela, Monday, May 15, 2017. Opposition leaders are demanding immediate presidential elections. (Fernando Llano/Associated Press)
UNITED NATIONS — The United States called Wednesday's first-ever U.N. Security Council consultations on Venezuela because the crisis is getting worse and the Trump administration wants to prevent another conflict like Syria, North Korea or South Sudan, U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said.
Venezuelan Ambassador Rafael Ramirez strongly rejected the U.S. bringing his country's political dispute to the United Nations' most powerful body and accused Washington of again trying “to interfere in our domestic issues.”
Haley said the U.S. intention wasn't to be “intrusive” or “heavy-handed” but to support regional efforts to find a political solution and “show respect for the Venezuelan people” who want free and fair elections, the release of political prisoners and the worsening humanitarian situation addressed.
“We think if that doesn't happen we will certainly be hearing this in the Security Council because it will be a real problem — not just in the region but internationally,” Haley told reporters after the closed-door briefing and discussions that lasted over 1½ hours.
Nearly two months of political unrest were set off by the attempt by President Nicolas Maduro's socialist government to nullify the opposition-controlled congress in late March. But demonstrations have escalated into a vehicle for airing grievances against the government for triple-digit inflation, food shortages and a rise in crime.
The opposition blames the bloodshed on state security forces using excessive force and on groups of armed, pro-government civilians known as “colectivos.” Maduro says far-right extremists are working with criminal gangs to foment the violence.
Haley said the meeting was aimed at conflict prevention, not council action, and sought to put light on what is happening in Venezuela.
“We've seen 150 political prisoners, over 1,500 arrests and clearly we're starting to see serious instability in Venezuela,” she said. “We've been down this road with Syria, North Korea, South Sudan, Burundi, with Burma,” which is now known as Myanmar.
Haley said rather than waiting for the Venezuela situation to become so serious that there has to be a Security Council meeting, “Why not try and stop a problem before it starts?”
Venezuela's Ramirez accused the United States of pushing to “intervene in our country,” as his government alleges Washington has tried to do in the past. He called Venezuela's problems a domestic matter and said Maduro's government is trying to resolve them and will not allow any outside interference.
“We will never be a threat against the peace and security in international or the regional level,” he insisted.
Ramirez stressed that Venezuela is not on the Security Council agenda and said many council members “disagree with the U.S.” and back his government's position that it shouldn't be there.
International pressure on the troubled South American nation has been increasing, with the Organization of American States voting Monday to hold a rare foreign ministers' meeting later this month to discuss the crisis. Venezuela officially notified the OAS on April 28 that it intends to quit the regional group.
Britain's U.N. ambassador, Matthew Rycroft, said it is “absolutely right” that the OAS and the 33-nation Community of Latin American and Caribbean States are taking the lead, “but it is also right that the Security Council, charged as we are on the maintenance of security and peace ... keep a very close eye on the situation.”
He warned that if things go wrong, Venezuela could “descend into conflict” and threaten international peace and security. “And so we need to act, in whatever way we can, starting with our discussion today,” he said.
Ramirez dismissed Britain, saying it was following the U.S.
He said Venezuela prefers the regional approach, noting that Pope Francis has offered help and the former presidents of the Dominican Republic, Spain and Panama are talking to both sides. He said Maduro's government also believes in CELAC and UNASUR, which comprises 12 South American nations.
U.N. Ambassador Sacha Llorentty Soliz of Bolivia, whose government is an ally of Venezuela, said Wednesday's council meeting interfered with regional efforts to resolve the political dispute.
“It doesn't help at all because the United States is not a mediator,” he said.
He said the U.S. supports the Venezuelan opposition and “that's why this meeting instead of helping to solve the problem — it will really be an obstacle.”
world the_americas Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false World News Alerts Breaking news from around the world. Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
There was no statement from the council after the meeting, reflecting the division among members.
Uruguay's U.N. ambassador, Elbio Rosselli, this month's council president, said his government favors a regional approach and is working with many other countries to help the political factions in Venezuela resolve the crisis.
“If the Colombians could overcome 50 years of war in a peaceful manner, I'm pretty sure our brothers in Venezuela can take the lesson and do likewise,” Rosselli said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LONDON — Puffins and turtle doves are now among four UK bird species at risk of extinction, putting them at the same level as the African elephant.
Atlantic puffins, Slavonian grebes, pochards and European turtle doves join the "Red List" of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), doubling the number of bird species given "vulnerable" status in the UK to eight. Disruption in food supply because of changing sea temperatures and hunting are among reasons for the population declines.
"Vulnerable" is the status before "endangered," then "critically endangered." After that comes "extinct in the wild" and "extinct."
“Today's announcement means that the global wave of extinction is now lapping at our shores," said Martin Harper, conservation director with the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB).
"The erosion of the UK's wildlife is staggering and this is reinforced when you talk about puffin and turtle dove now facing the same level of extinction threat as African elephant and lion, and being more endangered than the humpback whale," he said.
A turtle dove in Suffolk, England.
While there are still large colonies of Atlantic puffins, mostly in Norway, Iceland and the Faroe Islands, young birds are not surviving to breeding age. Research shows puffins are susceptible to shifts in sea temperatures and extreme weather as the changes affect their prey, the Guardian said.
One study done on a Scottish colony of puffins showed that young birds weren't returning to the island to breed, possibly because of a lack of enough fish to feed on.
National Geographic has rated the Shetland Isles one of the top places to see puffins in the world.
Common Pochard at, Regents Park, London
Slavonian grebe, in Sweden
Turtle doves have been a familiar sight over the summer, particularly in southeast England, but they've suffered declines of more than 30% over the last 16 years across Europe. Researchers are trying to find out why, and say changes to agricultural practices have affected their feeding and nesting.
Hunting is also a problem for turtle doves. “We do know there is strong illegal hunting of turtle dove around the Mediterranean,” said Grahame Madge, an RSPB spokesman.
Bull most likely shot for its tusks in first case for a decade as illegal ivory trade encroaches from Zimbabwe and Mozambique
South Africa's Kruger national park, which is battling a high number of rhino killings, has recorded its first case of elephant poaching in more than a decade, a spokesman has said.
A dead bull elephant whose tusk had been hacked off was discovered by rangers on Thursday. "It is the first case of ivory poaching in the Kruger in over 10 years," said spokesman Ike Phaahla.
The head of the South African national parks rangers, Johan Jooste, said it was likely the bull was shot on purpose for its tusks. He said rangers patrolling the area noticed footprints of about four individuals leaving the park leading towards Mozambique.
The park's borders, shared with Mozambique, are patrolled by the South African army to help fight rhino poaching, as poachers often smuggle horns out of the country. Since the beginning of the year, 245 rhinos have been killed in the Kruger.
Ivory poaching is rife on the African continent but South Africa had yet to be affected. Neighbouring Zimbabwe and Mozambique have reported an increase in the number of cases, including some where some animals were killed by cyanide poisoning.
Kruger park boasts an elephant population of 16,700, according to a count in 2012.
Tucker Carlson (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post)
Fox News host Tucker Carlson was upset about some Twitter traffic. Various New York Times journalists, he felt, had crossed the line from reporting into advocacy with an assortment of recent tweets, and in a Dec. 2 segment of “Tucker Carlson Tonight” he unloaded on Liz Spayd, the public editor of the New York Times.
“Now, these are not opinion columnists,” said Carlson. “These are Michael Barbaro, for example — a straightforward news reporter. Here's one, this is Nov. 15. ‘Pardon me for asking, but what qualifies Jared Kushner to have a sit at the presidential table?' Huh. Here's Eric Lipton, another reporter. ‘White House as QVC. It has started.' Here's Peter Baker. ‘For a new president from reality television, a cabinet selection that resembles a pageant.' Liam Stack and I'm quoting now, ‘The electoral college was meant to stop men like Trump from taking office.' ”
As the conversation wore on, Carlson's self-awareness wore off. “Where are the editors here?” he asked Spayd. “I mean, if my — you know, if I was the New York Times and my editors were tweeting crap like that, I would say you stop that right now or I'm firing you. Why don't they do that?”
A similar question might be posed to Carlson, who served as the top editor at the Daily Caller before landing in prime time with Fox News, where “Tucker Carlson Tonight” launched on Nov. 14. At Carlson's Daily Caller, consequences for bad journalism and general misconduct were rare. Disgraceful examples are almost as easy to cherry-pick as nasty thoughts on social media. So why not start with a tweet? Back in 2013, the Daily Caller Twitter account carried this message:
As The Post's Jonathan Capehart pointed out, “HNIC” is an acronym that stands for “Head N––––r in charge.” “Not funny, just ignorant,” noted former Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele. Confronted about the tweet, Carlson mixed attack and retreat: “I realize it's habit on the Left to hunt for racists under every bed, but you won't find one here. The employee who wrote it was making a reference to his favorite hip hop song,” wrote Carlson to Capehart. “Not everyone understood the allusion (including me), and — even worse — there was a typo in the tweet. So we deleted it.”
No consequences.
Two years later, a bizarre turn of events broadcasts the misogyny in the ranks of the Daily Caller. As recounted here, in March 2015 Daily Caller staffers got into a spat with Amy Spitalnick, then a spokeswoman for New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, over a story that had run on the site. Angry at the tone with which Spitalnick had requested a correction, Carlson sent her an email scolding her for her manners. “Outside of New York City, adults generally write polite, cheerful emails to one another, even when asking for corrections. Something to keep in mind the next time you communicate with people who don't live on your island,” wrote Carlson.
For whatever reason, Buckley Carlson, brother of the site's top editor, got looped in on correspondence. He wrote a brushback email that runs afoul of Post decency standards in virtually every clause:
Great response. Whiny little self-righteous b[—-]. “Appalling?”
And with such an ironic name, too… Spitalnick? Ironic because you just know she has extreme d[—]-fright; no chance has this girl ever had a pearl necklace. [Synonym for sperm]neck? I don't think so. More like [unspeakable].
That message made it to Spitalnick, and BuzzFeed reported Tucker Carlson's take on the whole thing. “I just talked to my brother about his response, and he assures me he meant it in the nicest way.”
A year and a half later, Spitalnick, now the press secretary for the New York attorney general, tells this blog that she hasn't received an apology.
Again, no consequences.
Neither of the foregoing circumstances compares with perhaps the most famous Daily Caller atrocity of Carlson's tenure. That would be the 2011 story alleging that the Environmental Protection Agency was seeking to hire 230,000 “new bureaucrats” to implement greenhouse gas regulations. Actually, the EPA was seeking to avoid hiring “new bureaucrats” by phasing in “statutory thresholds” as a way of staving off a nearly fourteen-fold boost in the agency's workforce. Despite widespread debunking, the Daily Caller has never corrected the story, which stands as a reminder that fake news predates the current craze.
Yet again, no consequences.
A foundational scoop for the Daily Caller shook up Beltway journalism. In the summer of 2010, just months after its launch, the site went after Journolist, a digital discussion group among some 400 Washington journalists headed by Ezra Klein, then of The Post. Though other outlets had written about Journolist — which had been launched in 2007 while Klein was at a previous employer — the Daily Caller got deep access to archives that launched a series of stories exposing the opinions of the Journolist members. The lesson to draw? “Conservative critics of Washington's journalistic establishment have long charged the media with a striking liberal bias. But those critics have also said the problem was mostly unintentional, the result of a press corps made up mostly of Democratic-leaning scribes,” notes Jonathan Strong in a July 25, 2010, piece. “Yet Journolist's discussions show an influential left-wing faction of the media participating in a far more intentional sort of liberal bias.”
Journolist had rules: No government employees, no media reporters and no conservatives. On May 25, 2010, Carlson asked Klein via email whether he could join; Klein checked with other listserv members and responded in the negative. So people wondered: Who had leaked Journolist conversations to the Daily Caller?
No one, as it turns out. According to two knowledgeable sources, the Daily Caller impersonated an Arkansas writer to get onto Journolist. The site disguised itself as one Max Brantley, the influential Arkansas political reporter. A few years back, when the Erik Wemple Blog first got a tip about this story, we asked Klein whether he'd ever received a Journolist request from anyone doing business as “Max Brantley.” Klein passed along this email:
At the time, Klein no longer had all his records from Journolist, so he cannot say with certainty that he connected “Max Brantley” to the group. “I assume I added him,” he noted.
Contacted on the matter, Brantley replied, “I didn't write that e-mail. I never had a Yahoo account with that e-mail address. I set up a Yahoo account once years ago, based on a variation of my name, for its news tickler, but never used it for e-mail.” Regarding Carlson, Brantley said that he'd crossed paths with him years ago when Carlson was working for the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. Media ethicists frown on journalists who fail to disclose their name and affiliation when seeking information.
In a brief phone conversation, Strong said of the Daily Caller's Journolist procurement strategy, “I've never talked about any of that and don't want to now either.”
Fox News and Carlson didn't answer requests for comment for this story.
For those who cannot fathom how Tucker Carlson, on Fox News, could possibly get away with scolding the public editor of the New York Times on journalistic practices, there's more to bite into. Consider that Carlson, as head of the Daily Caller, killed a piece critical of Fox News. The reason? Carlson drew a paycheck from Fox News, then as a co-host of the weekend “Fox & Friends.” “I have two rules,” said Carlson at the time. “One is you can't criticize the families of the people who work here. And the other rule is you can't go after Fox. Only for one reason, not because they're conservative or we agree with them [or] because they're doing the Lord's work. Nothing like that. It's because I work there, I'm an anchor on Fox.”
So: Media critic Tucker Carlson muzzled his employees for the sake of his television future.
What happened to the Tucker Carlson of yore? On his way to Fox News prime-time stardom, Carlson once put together a sterling record as a magazine reporter, a good chunk of it on display at the Weekly Standard. This fellow can write, whether the topic is how a Fleet Street tabloid construed his words or the trials of Al Gore or international parenting norms. That's not all, either. Carlson turned in a historic and prescient profile of George W. Bush for Talk Magazine in 1999. And please read this November 2003 Carlson account of a trip to Africa with the Rev. Al Sharpton. Example: “As a rule, the civil-rights establishment is not punctual,” writes Carlson. “But even by the standards of the chronically late, Sharpton is chronically late. Like all politicians, he tends to schedule an impossible number of events in a single day. But that's only part of the problem. Habit accounts for the rest. After spending so many years on the road, with so little cash, so far from the edge of respectability, Sharpton has lost the ability to travel like a legitimate person. In Sharpton's world, itineraries are merely suggestions.”
Somewhere along the line, this excellent prose stylist was ruined by cable news and the clickbait imperatives of running a conservative website. He's a veteran of the legendary CNN show “Crossfire” and was present for that time when “The Daily Show” host Jon Stewart blasted the program for contributing to the country's undoing — an attack that included calling Carlson a “d–––.” “I am a d–––,” Carlson commented for a recently published oral history of “The Daily Show.” “I think that's fair. I'm a total prick. I don't think I'm a d––– in my personal relationships, but I was hosting a debate show. So, yeah that didn't bother me.”
That's Carlson's TV-prone style — lots of quips, wry observations and an eagle eye for irony. As moderator of “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” he brings energy, combativeness and a dramatist's instinct to the role. In quizzing Matt Cooper of Newsweek about its embarrassing “Madam President” commemorative issue, “I mean, it's not even — it's breathless. It's not even hate graphic. It's pornographic. It's Soviet in his devotion to Hillary Clinton. How — who wrote this?” asked Carlson. In pressing former Bernie Sanders campaign adviser Chuck Rocha on the Mike Pence-“Hamilton” ruckus, Carlson reacted with a sneer to his expressed interest in a ticket to the show: “Right. Of course, you do. Everybody does in your world.” And in rebutting the position of a professor who faulted the electoral college for skipping over important states, Carlson ripped away:
CARLSON: So you are saying that like sophisticated affluent, coastal culture doesn't get enough attention in our society? Is that what you're saying?
PROFESSOR: Not in the election.
CARLSON: Not in the election, okay. So we're just not paying enough attention to Barbra Streisand and her friends?
The Erik Wemple Blog itself has felt the sting of Carlson's tongue. He once called us a “total mediocrity and a moron and kind of creepy, finger-sniffer-type character.” Tough but fair.
A passion for saltiness may explain why “Tucker Carlson Tonight” has vastly exceeded the ratings performance of its predecessor — the horrible “On the Record” with Greta Van Susteren — in the all-important 25-54 demographic. Some of the credit here belongs to Carlson and his gift for extemporaneous verbal battle; some of it, too, belongs to Roger Ailes, the now-disgraced and now-former Fox News chief who dialed his network into possibly the most loyal audience in the history of media.
Carlson's ascension marks a significant moment for a network whose longtime boss, Ailes, left the network in midsummer amid a sexual harassment scandal. (Ailes has denied the allegations against him.) The departure gave hope to certain critics that a change in programming philosophy may well take root at Fox News. Writing in the Huffington Post, Ryan Grim posited that famously moderate anchor Shepard Smith may well be the “future” of Fox News. Politico's Jack Shafer urged a network-wide turn toward “conscientious journalists” like Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace. Bret Stephens of the Wall Street Journal had a similar thought:
A thought for Fox News as it emerges from a rough year: More F&B anchors in the mold of Chris Wallace. Fewer in the mold of you-know-who. — Bret Stephens (@StephensWSJ) October 20, 2016
Then Fox News turned around and elevated Carlson, sponsor of a great deal of vile, baseless and tendentious reporting at the Daily Caller. Not only that: Fox News, stung by a scandal involving its treatment of women, turned around and elevated a man whose site had built a sorry record on gender issues. So much for those prescriptions.
At a time when blasting the mainstream media has become more mainstream than ever — thanks to the president-elect's Twitter account — Fox News now has an exposed flank in its prime-time hours. There's Carlson at 7 p.m., with his history at the Daily Caller; there's Bill O'Reilly at 8 p.m., with the 2015 scandal over all of his exaggerations and falsehoods relating to his reportorial past; and there's Sean Hannity at 10 p.m., who was forced to concede he's no journalist in light of his activism on behalf of Trump. None of these men can credibly cast judgment on other media outlets; all of them will continue to do so.
If you would like to learn about this with a visual demo, please take a look at the
In the rest of this blog entry I will cover similar content to the video, but with screenshots and prose.
Introduction to SPINMap
SPARQL is a rich language that can be used for many purposes. The SPARQL CONSTRUCT keyword is particularly useful to define rules that map from one graph pattern (in the WHERE clause) to another graph pattern. This makes it possible to define sophisticated rules that map instances from one class to instances of another one.
The SPIN framework provides several mechanisms that make the definition of such SPARQL-based mapping rules easier. In particular, SPIN makes it easy to associate mapping rules with classes, and SPIN templates and functions can be exploited to define reusable building blocks for typical modeling patterns.
The SPINMap vocabulary (http://spinrdf.org/spinmap) is a collection of reusable design patterns that reflects typical best practices in ontology mapping. SPINMap models can be executed in conjunction with other SPARQL rules with any SPIN engine. The main advantage of SPINMap is that it provides a higher-level language that is suitable to be edited graphically. TopBraid Composer 3.5 provides a visual editor that makes it easy to establish ontology mappings using drag and drop, and filling in forms.
It is a good practice to store the ontology mapping rules in files separate from the source and target files. The mapping file only needs to import the SPINMap namespace (which in turn imports SPIN etc). The easiest way to get started is to use File > New > RDF/OWL/SPIN File... and then to activate the check box for "SPINMap Ontology Mapping Vocabulary", as shown below.
This will create an empty file importing http://topbraid.org/spin/spinmapl . As a next step, you should drag the source and target ontologies into the Imports view so that those get imported into the mapping ontology. Then select the class you want to start mapping, and switch to the Diagram tab. In the example below, the source ontology A defines a class a:Person , and we want to map it into the target class b:Customer .
Use drag and drop (e.g. from the Classes view) to add other classes to the Diagram. If the SPINMap namespace is present, the Diagram will provide additional capabilities and use a different layout algorithm than usual. If you move the mouse over a class, a triangular anchor point will appear in the upper right corner of the class box. It will turn green if you move the mouse over it, and if it can be made the source of a mapping. Click on this and keep the mouse button pressed to establish a link to another class. Move the mouse over the incoming upper anchor of the target class and release the mouse. A dialog like the one below will appear.
This dialog is used to create a "mapping context" that is later used to determine how the target instances shall be selected from the source instances. In particular this is used to construct URIs from the values of a given resource, e.g. so that a:Instance-0-1 is turned into b:John-Smith . The dialog provides a collection of target functions that can be used for that purpose. You simply need to pick an appropriate function and fill in the blanks to establish a mapping context. In the example screenshot, a new URI is constructed from the values of the source properties a:firstName and a:lastName and a provided URI template. This assumes that those properties together serve as unique identifiers, similar to primary keys in a database. Other algorithms can be created if needed through SPIN functions.
As soon as you have filled in all required arguments of the mapping context function, the preview panel of the dialog will give you an idea of how the resulting values will look like. When you are happy with this, press OK.
The resulting context will be displayed with a yellow graph node as shown below.
If you ever need to edit this context node again, e.g. to change the URI template, just double-click on it. Right-clicking the node opens a context menu with an option to delete it.
Once a context has been established between two classes, the user interface makes it possible to add transformations. In the example above, the source class has a property a:dob that holds date of birth values as raw strings, such as "30/04/1985". We want to map this into the target property b:birthDate , which is a well-formed xsd:date in the format "1985-04-30". TopBraid's SPARQL library provides a built-in function spif:parseDate to make this task easier. Use the mouse to draw a connection from a:dob to b:birthDate . A dialog such as the following will appear.
In this dialog you can either manually select a transformation function, or check if the system has any suggestions for you, on the Suggestions tab. In this case, the system suggests spif:parseDate with pre-defined patterns to convert raw dates into valid xsd:date literals. Pressing OK, this creates a mapping transformation as shown below.
At any point in time, TopBraid Composer makes it easy to try the mapping out. Assuming TopSPIN is the selected inference engine, just press the Run Inferences button in the main tool bar to see the results.
As you can see above, each instance of the:Person class has been mapped into a corresponding instance of b:Customer . The URI of the target resources has been generated using the string insertion template based on first name and last name. Furthermore, proper birth dates have been generated from the raw source strings. The context menu of the Inferences view provides options to assert the resulting RDF triples if desired, or you can use the Triples View to move them elsewhere.
It is possible to add any number of other transformations in similar ways. Some transformations take more than one argument. In that case, additional input anchor points will be displayed, as shown for the node "concat with separator" below.
A color photo with the words “His name was Dillan,” is part of a makeshift memorial where a young man was shot and killed by a police officer at a 7-Eleven in Huntington Beach. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A note is left at a memorial in Huntington Beach on Saturday, September 23, 2017, where a young man was shot and killed by a police officer after a scuffle. “I hope you are in heaven and watching over your family. I saw them today and I cried the whole way to work,” it reads in part. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Melissa Cazares, a resident of Huntington Beach since the 70s, places a candle at the site where a young man was shot and killed by a police officer after a scuffle. “The saddest thing was seeing that video,” she said of a recording showing the shooting. “We don't need this violence.”(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A color photo with the words “His name was Dillan,” is part of a makeshift memorial where a young man was shot and killed by a police officer at a 7-Eleven in Huntington Beach. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Dillan Tabares, at right, with his brother Brandon Tabares. (Photo courtesy of Brandon Tabares)
A screen grab from a video posted on a Twitter account shows an officer shooting a suspect in front of a Huntington Beach 7-Eleven store on Friday, September 22, 2017. (via Timo Twitter page)
HUNTINGTON BEACH – Dillan Tabares, shot and killed by a Huntington Beach policeman last week during a violent confrontation outside of a 7-Eleven, struggled with drug abuse and a failed military career, his brother said on Monday.
The 27-year-old Huntington Beach native served in the U.S. Navy until he left with “less than an honorable discharge,” Brandon Tabares said.
Dillan Tabares enlisted in July 2008 and rose to the rank of information technology systems technician seaman E-3, Navy spokesman Cullen James said.
He received the Navy's National Defense Service and the Global War on Terrorism Service medals. He left the Navy in April 2012; James said he wasn't permitted to disclose if Tabares left the military on good terms.
In a March 2012 Facebook post, Dillan Tabares seems to allude to difficulties he faced in the Navy.
“At the beginning of this year I had a four-bedroom house and three cars,” the post says. “A good job and a future. Now I have nothing but my freedom, which will soon be taken away.
“I have ruined everything,” the post goes on to say. “I have lost the future I have worked so hard to get over these last four years. Now everything is gone. Top-secret security clearance gone, $45,000 dollars for school gone, the three different IT certification(s) I was working on will now go uncompleted.”
Brandon Tabares said his brother, toward the end of his Navy stint, began to use marijuana heavily to battle depression and a failed marriage.
After Dillan Tabares left the Navy, the two backpacked around the U.S. and then returned to Southern California where they lived together.
Eventually, Dillan Tabares started using methamphetamine and began living on the street, his brother said.
He was known among other transients as “the boy in the woods,” because he often hung out in Huntington Central Park, which has a lot of trees and he also liked to frequent secluded areas, his brother said.
He did like to hang out as well at the Huntington Beach Public Library, where he could read books and use the internet, Brandon Tabares said.
The last time Brandon Tabares saw his brother was in November, when he invited him once again to live at his Costa Mesa house. He held a welcome home party for him that didn't go as planned.
“All my friends were very accepting of him, but it didn't click,” Brandon Tabares said.
He wasn't surprised that Dillan Tabares fought with the Huntington Beach officer before being fatally shot.
“Dillan is not the type of person to get in your face and start a confrontation with you, but if you come up to him he has no qualms about defending his existence,” he said.
Friday's violent encounter, captured by at least two witnesses' videos, occurred at the store across the street from Marina High School, which Dillan Tabares attended.
In one nearly two-minute video, posted on YouTube and apparently taken from inside a parked vehicle outside of the 7-Eleven, DillanTabares can be seen advancing toward the officer, who has a weapon drawn, possibly a Tazer.
The officer, backing away, appears to say, “Have a seat,” but Dillan Tabares continues approaching and punches the officer twice. Then the officer grabs him in a headlock, both fall to the ground and continue to fight.
Tabares,who is punched several times, grabs something from the officer's utility belt. The officer gets free and back on his feet and ends up firing seven shots.
Another video shot by a different witness shows Tabares, after being shot, turning and leaning back and falling against the window of the 7-Eleven, with a dark object appearing to fall from one of his hands as he collapses to the ground.
The officer wasn't injured.
Brandon Tabares said he isn't sure why his brother acted aggressively toward the officer, but he speculated he may have grown weary of living.
“Maybe Dillan was tired of being the boy in the woods, and maybe he wanted to move to something more beautiful,” he said.
WARNING: The video below contains graphic content
Police haven't said what possibly prompted the confrontation, why the officer was at the 7-Eleven, or whether Tabares had a weapon.
Huntington Beach Police Chief Robert Handy has said the officer tried to subdue the suspect with a Tazer. The chief added it appears the officer was justified in using deadly force because he was being attacked.
WARNING: The video below contains graphic content
Sunday, November 9, 2014 at 12:01PM
This is clearly not the way Viswanathan Anand hoped to start his second world championship match against Magnus Carlsen. The position he reached from the opening, a "Closed" Berlin (4.d3) was reasonable enough, objectively speaking, but Carlsen found a nice plan to whip up a dangerous kingside initiative - 14.Ra3 was the clear signal, but the previous moves had prepared the plan. Anand defended well for a while, but 20...Bxf5 rather than the tactically clever 20...Kh8 (21.Rxf6 Qf7) was a big concession. Soon the players reached their second straight heavy piece ending, but this time Carlsen entered it with a large positional advantage. Carlsen's technique was not up to its usual incredibly high standard, but he was still in control when Anand played 34...h5??, which lost on the spot. Carlsen played 35.Qb7 and Anand resigned on the move.
Anand's propensity to make concessions like 20...Bxf5 was part of what ruined his chances last year, and it looks like it's happening again. The trouble is that his keep-it-simple approach, one he has used to the point of cynicism over the years, has worked very effectively against everyone else in the chess world, at least since Garry Kasparov's retirement. Against Carlsen (as against Bobby Fischer and Anatoly Karpov in their primes) it is a disaster. He accepts the concession, then ramps up the tension again until the opponent makes another concession, which he again accepts and starts the process all over again. Most players, even great ones, tend to relax at least a little once they've extracted some gain from their opponents; most, but not Carlsen. Anand must try not to let Carlsen get risk-free positions, where he is simply the best player in the world, and by a significant margin.
For Anand to choose the Berlin against Carlsen is almost the exact inversion of Kasparov's problem in 2000 against Vladimir Kramnik. Kasparov kept banging his head against the Berlin ending, believing (with some justification, at least at the time) that White simply must be better there and thus sticking to the principled belief that he should keep at it. Had he switched to the less principled 4.d3, he might not have obtained any advantage but would have reached positions where his own natural gifts would be more likely to shine. For Anand, it's the opposite: he is playing the Berlin because he believes (with justification) that Black is doing fine there. That's true (or at least seems to be true at this point in time), but he is thereby heading into the kinds of positions where his opponent's gifts for chess are more likely to shine than his own. Giving Carlsen a position where he can just grind away with no risk at all is a ridiculously bad strategy. It's not that Carlsen can't play in sharper positions - of course he can - but there they can fight on a much more equal footing. So: if Anand has some Sicilian lines ready to go in his preparation, it's time to use them. Make Carlsen take strategic risks!
The game, with some light annotations, can be replayed here. (Subscribers' coverage is coming later today. For non-subscribers, it's not too late to sign up!)
Leahy: SJC Will Hold Hearing On Federal And State Marijuana Laws In September
Committee To Hold Hearing September 10
WASHINGTON – Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) announced Monday that the Committee will hold a hearing next month on the conflict between state and federal marijuana laws. Attorney General Eric Holder and Deputy Attorney General James Cole have been invited to testify.
The hearing titled “Conflicts between State and Federal Marijuana Laws” comes months after two states, Washington and Colorado, legalized small amounts of marijuana for personal use. Twenty states and the District of Columbia have legalized medicinal marijuana consumption. Leahy has pressed the Obama administration to determine its enforcement policy in light of these state actions, including writing in December to the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) about the issue. Leahy has also asked what assurances the administration can give to state officials responsible for the licensing of marijuana retailers to ensure they will not face criminal penalties for carrying out their duties under those state laws.
“It is important, especially at a time of budget constraints, to determine whether it is the best use of federal resources to prosecute the personal or medicinal use of marijuana in states that have made such consumption legal,” Leahy said. “I believe that these state laws should be respected. At a minimum, there should be guidance about enforcement from the federal government.”
The hearing will be held on Tuesday, September 10, at 10 a.m. in Room 216 of the Hart Senate Office Building. A witness list will be announced closer to the date of the hearing. Reporters interested in covering the hearing should RSVP to their respective press galleries.
# # # # #
NOTICE OF COMMITTEE HEARING
The Senate Committee on the Judiciary has scheduled a hearing entitled “Conflicts between State and Federal Marijuana Laws” for Tuesday, September 10, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. in Room 216 of the Hart Senate Office Building.
By order of the Chairman.
Press Contact
Press Contact
David Carle: 202-224-3693
Yesterday was a bonanza of foreign policy speeches, denunciations, one-ups, flip-flops, macho chest-bumping, and anti-terrorist fist-bumps. The race to the White House, we were reminded, is really a race to be commander in chief, and our candidates have very different views on how they would conduct the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq (from now on, I urge journalists/columnists to order the wars as such). But one of our candidates is clearheaded on how to the win the war(s), while the other offers up, well, pretty much the same entree of muddleheaded policies we've seen over the past six years, only vaguer.
To get a sense of what I'm yapping about, read McCain's "strategy for victory" in Afghanistan. If that name sounds vaguely familiar, that's because it's the same one given to the plan President Bush laid out in November 2005, shortly before the worst bout of sectarian violence in Iraq. Ah, but McCain's plan in Afghanistan calls for a "comprehensive strategy." Oh, my bad (How come whenever anyone calls for a plan, they always call it a "comprehensive" or "multifaceted" strategy? Are there single-faceted strategies that lack comprehensiveness making the rounds in Washington? This is the kind of bureaucratic mumbo-jumbo that is the bane of op-ed pages and policy papers everywhere).
Let's hear what our commander in chief called for back in November 2005:
"Our comprehensive strategy will help Iraqis overcome remaining challenges, but defeating the multi-headed enemy in Iraq -- and ensuring that it cannot threaten Iraq's democratic gains once we leave -- requires persistent effort across many fronts."
Notice anything, well, vague about that statement? McCain, on the other hand, is a man of specifics, a "straight-talker." Today he called Bush's earlier war plan on Iraq a "failed strategy" yet strangely decided to crib the same name for his own strategy on Afghanistan. Let's read McCain's plan.
"[W]e need an integrated, nationwide civil-military campaign that is focused on providing security for the population."
He goes on to call for a "multi-front plan" to boost aid to the Afghan government, before complaining of the lack of unified command there. Keep reading to get the full effect:
"Last year, the administration took a step in the right direction and appointed a war czar. But the situation in Afghanistan demands a separate Czar based in the White House, reporting directly to the president and dedicated to the sole mission of ensuring we bring the war in Afghanistan to a successful end."
Why stop there, senator? Why not appoint a czar for Kandahar, a czar for Kabul, and maybe a czar for the road linking the two cities? Yet McCain is just getting started. He also wants a "special presidential envoy" to sort out the Afghan mess (Am I the only person who doesn't know the difference between a "czar" and an "envoy"?). Plus, what's comprehensive about appointing czars and envoys -- isn't that by definition a piecemeal band-aid-like solution? And czars tend not to work, not in 19th century Russia, not in contemporary Washington, whether fighting drug lords, Bolsheviks or bearded guys strapped with bombs. And didn't we send a presidential envoy to Darfur almost two years ago? Yeah, that did wonders to tamper the violence there.
It gets vaguer. McCain goes on to say he will "put special focus on Pakistan" and "strengthen local tribes in the border areas." Put special focus on Pakistan? First, I have no idea what that means -- like his call for an "integrated" "multi-front" plan, this is just gobbledygook for "stay the course but make tweaks around the margins." This kind of beauty-contestant vagueness should hitherto be banned from all foreign policy speeches. Also, didn't Musharraf already sign an agreement a few years back aimed at strengthening local tribes in the border areas--isn't that why we're in the mess we're in now?
0
Don't expect 20th Century Fox to quit making superhero movies anytime soon. While the studio is now firmly moving forward with a new wave of Marvel comics adaptations like New Mutants, Deadpool 2, and X-Men: Dark Phoenix—all hitting theaters in 2018—the studio has now gone ahead and staked out release dates for six more mysterious (i.e. untitled) movies based on Marvel comics. The dates are as follows:
June 7, 2019
November 22, 2019
March 13, 2020
June 26, 2020
October 2, 2020
March 5, 2021
This isn't exactly new. Fox did this a few years ago for films that turned out to be Logan, New Mutants, Deadpool 2, and Dark Phoenix, so the question here is what these movies might be. We know the Deadpool franchise is thriving, so one of these is probably eyed for Deadpool 3 while another is no doubt the X-Force movie that's in development. That film will expand upon the characters introduced in Deadpool 2, and last we heard Joe Carnahan is writing and may potentially direct, so the wheels have been in motion on these films for a bit as Fox learned from Deadpool and Logan that they can craft distinct, inventive spins on these characters while maintaining a loosely connected universe.
Then there's the main X-Men franchise, which continues with next year's Dark Phoenix written and directed by Simon Kinberg. X-Men: Apocalypse was pretty poorly received, so it'll be interesting to see how Dark Phoenix turns out and what it means for the franchise going forward. It's possible it rekindles audience interest and the younger characters—Sophie Turner, Tye Sheridan, etc.—pick up the mantle going forward. We'll also likely see Fantastic Four come back in some form, because in order to keep its license and prevent the characters from reverting to Marvel Studios, Fox has to make some sort of Fantastic Four movie relatively soon.
So yeah, we don't know exactly what films are set for these release dates just yet, and it's also entirely possible Fox doesn't know either—if New Mutants is a hit that'll definitely spawn a sequel, but if not something else may take that follow-up's intended release date. Speculate away in the comments below! And click here to catch up on all the superhero movie release dates under the sun.
Staying a Generation Ahead with an Extra Node of Value
Xilinx's new 16nm and 20nm UltraScale™ families are based on the first architecture to span multiple nodes from planar through FinFET technologies and beyond, while also scaling from monolithic through 3D ICs. At 20nm Xilinx pioneered the first ASIC-class architecture to enable multi-hundred gigabit-per-second levels of system performance with smart processing at full line rates, scaling to terabits and teraflops. At 16nm, UltraScale+ families combine new memory, 3D-on-3D, and multi-processing SoC (MPSoC) technologies to deliver a generation ahead of value.
The new Xilinx UltraScale+ FPGA portfolio is comprised of the Kintex® UltraScale+ FPGA and Virtex® UltraScale+ FPGA and 3D IC families, while the Zynq® UltraScale+ family includes the industry's first MPSoCs. Optimized at the system level, UltraScale+ devices deliver value far beyond a traditional process node migration – providing 2–5X greater system-level performance/watt over 28nm devices, far more systems integration and intelligence, and the highest level of security and safety.
After a lengthy dispute over a union's attempt to represent some staff members, a Halifax media production house is shutting down.
Halifax-based Egg Studios has announced it plans to close Nov. 6. In a post on Facebook, the owners — Mike Hachey and Sara Thomas — say they will not stay in Nova Scotia.
"Yesterday, Sara and I officially announced to all 20 of our employees that Egg Studios will be closing," he said Thursday.
"There will be no spin-off business and certainly no concerted effort to bypass the Labour Board ruling. We are done and saying farewell to Nova Scotia."
The company said over the next eight weeks, it will follow through on all ongoing work for clients.
More than three years ago, the provincial labour board ruled freelance film technicians had the right to be represented by a union.
'Worst nightmare of our lives'
The company argued the people were independent contractors. The firm fought the ruling in court, but the labour ruling still stands — after the Supreme Court of Canada refused to hear the case.
"What started as a dream more than 10 years ago has become the worst nightmare of our lives," said Hachey in a Facebook post.
Not having access to the province's Film Industry Tax Credit was another negative factor. Hachey had been lobbying to have the tax credit rules changed to include advertising agencies. That did not happen.
"Why is it that we can't take advantage of this tax credit? We use the exact same crews, we use the same actors, we support all of the same service providers," Hachey said in February at an annual general meeting of the province's Progressive Conservatives.
"We arguably put more into the local economy than any other production company in Atlantic Canada."
Hachey also said at the time that advertising agencies and clients were leaving Nova Scotia for markets elsewhere in the country.
Union reaction
Gary Vermeir, the business agent for International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees Locals 849 and 709, said he is saddened by the shutdown.
Egg Films, a Halifax media production house, says it is pulling out of Nova Scotia after a union collective agreement was imposed on the company. (CBC)
"We see this as a sad day, particularly given the state of the film industry today," he said.
Vermeir said the reason the union launched the unionization effort was so that its members would be classified as employees when working for Egg on TV commercial shoots rather than as independent contractors. The union classification already applies to film shoots.
That would have brought union benefits, such as employment insurance, workers' compensation, as well as medical and health coverage.
Those issues could have been resolved through bargaining, but the company backed away. "They locked us out and refused to bargain," said Vermeir.
Union members don't do a lot of work for Egg, he added.
Egg Films was the first business in the province to have a labour deal imposed under the first contract arbitration law, which imposes arbitrated settlements on first contracts for newly unionized workplaces. Under the law, which was passed by the NDP in 2011, the Labour Board of Nova Scotia can impose a contract when both sides fail to reach a first collective agreement.
With billions of dollars at stake, Morocco, Egypt and South Africa jockeyed in 2004 for the privilege of hosting soccer's most prestigious tournament, the World Cup. The outcome hinged on a decision by the executive committee of FIFA, soccer's governing body, and a single vote could tip the decision.
And at least one vote, prosecutors said Wednesday, was for sale.
Jack Warner, a committee member from Trinidad and Tobago, shopped his ballot to the highest bidder, federal prosecutors said. In early 2004, he flew to Morocco, where a member of that country's bid committee offered him $1 million. But South Africa had a sweeter deal, offering
$10 million to a group that Mr. Warner controlled, prosecutors said. He voted for South Africa. South Africa got the 2010 World Cup. And Mr. Warner got his
$10 million payout, much of which prosecutors said he diverted for his personal use.
For decades, that was how business was done in international soccer, American officials said Wednesday as they announced a sweeping indictment against 14 soccer officials and marketing executives who they said had corrupted the sport through two decades of shadowy dealing and $150 million in bribes. Authorities described international soccer in terms normally reserved for Mafia families or drug cartels, and brought charges under racketeering laws usually applied to such criminal organizations.
Hello everyone!! Kahotan here! (@gsc_kahotan)
February has begun!! At the start of last month I was confident preparations for WonFes would be easy as it is quite late in February this time… but as usual everything is very busy at the moment!
But anyway, today I'm going to be taking a look at…
Nendoroid Yuuka Kazami!
From the popular game series by Team Shanghai Alice, the ‘Touhou Project' comes a Nendoroid of Yuuka Kazami, the character who loves and has the power to control the flowers of all four seasons. She comes with three face plates including a gentle standard expression, an innocent smiling expression as well as a sadist expression to give her a more wicked appearance. Optional parts include a crown made from flowers for an even cuter look, an umbrella as well as attack effect parts allowing you to pose her in combat scenes as well! Be sure to add Yuukarin to your collection!
The Flower Master of the Four Seasons!
From the famous bullet hell shooting game series the ‘Touhou Project' comes a Nendoroid of the powerful youkai known as the Flower Master of the Four Seasons – Yuuka Kazami!
Her white blouse with a yellow neck ribbon, flowing red chequered dress, vest with the same pattern and even the frilly socks and red shoes have all been converted into Nendoroid size beautifully! Her soft looking green hair and sharp red eyes have also been captured so nicely! All the little details that make Yuukarin so special have been faithfully included! (｡･ω･)ﾉﾞ
Of course the umbrella she always carries around with her is also included!
▲ The flowery petal-like edges of the umbrella are so very intricate!
As a side note, certain parts of the back of her hair can be removed allowing you to adjust the position of the umbrella without certain parts getting in the way! (∩・∀・)∩
She also comes with many more flowery parts!
First up we have a sunflower and a flower crown!
The flower crown slips in-between the front and back hair parts to give her such an adorable appearance! The light appearance of the flowers make her look so sweet! (*´ｪ`*)
The sunflower part has colors that match up with her color scheme so nicely, and you can use it to block the smile on her expression for a slightly more ladylike appearance! It's amazing how much the ambience of a face plate can change by simply covering up something like the mouth!
But this face plate also suits so nicely!
A lovely smiling expression!
She looks so very innocent with this smile and the various flowery parts! Just looking at her makes me want to smile! ☆
But that's still all of the parts, she also comes with the closed version of her umbrella as a completely separate part allowing for even more posing opportunities!! ♪
▲ The slightly rosy cheeks are very cute!
Moving onto her third face plate…
A rather malicious looking sadist expression! (´□｀｡)
Just look at the way her grinning smile reveals those sharp teeth… and those focused eyes!! You'll just have to give in to her!!! (｀；ω；´)
In addition she also comes with these attacking effect parts which can be attached to the closed umbrella for combat scenes!
▲ She seems to be enjoying tormenting someone with her attacks!
Enjoy various different sides of Yuukarin in your collection!
Nendoroid Yuuka Kazami!
She'll be up for preorder from tomorrow!
In addition, preorders of her from the GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP will include an Original Poster Illustrated by ideolo (B3) as a bonus!
Be sure to consider it when preordering!!
Orders will be available from the GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP as well as the stores listed below. Be sure to check their official pages for more information!
■ animate: http://www.animate.co.jp/
■ GAMERS: http://www.anibro.jp/
■ Tora no Ana: http://www.toranoana.jp/
■ AKIBA-HOBBY: http://akbh.jp/
■ Grep: http://www.grep-shop.com/
■ Bunkyodo Animega: http://www.bunkyodo.co.jp/c/tenpo/animega_top.htm
■ Akibaoo: http://www.akibaoo.co.jp/01/main
■ Bookmate Stores: http://bookmate-net.com/
■ Unitcom /AMPnet / Goodwill: http://www.goodwill.jp/contents/amusement.php
*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ
figma Snow Miku: Fluffy Coat ver.
Preorders close on the 21st February 2017 at 21:00JST! ♥
Make sure you don't miss out on preorders as she will be exclusive to certain events and sales from the GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP!
⇒ PRODUCT DETAILS
*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ
The 2017 Winter WonFes Site is Open!
⇒ http://whl4u.jp/en/
Be sure to check out the website above for more information! We will also be running a campaign at a later date – more info about the campaign at the link above too!
*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ
Planning Team / Kahotan / Twitter ID：@gsc_kahotan
English Updates: @gsc_kevin
Photo
As the summer warms up, bringing with it sleeveless tops, Xiao Meili, a women's rights advocate, is collecting photos of women's armpits. Her goal: to challenge a growing belief in China that a woman must have hair-free armpits to be attractive.
On May 26 she began a contest on the Sina Weibo messaging site for the best photo of a woman's unshaven armpit, and she appealed to women to post pictures online under the Chinese hashtag “women's underarm hair contest.” She and a few friends are judging the contest, which closes on Thursday. Winners will be based mostly on the number of reposts and “likes” an entry has attracted.
“Men have more freedom in terms of what to do with their bodies,” Ms. Xiao said in a telephone interview. “I'm not calling on everybody to grow underarm hair. I'm just saying if some people don't want to shave, the rest of us should not think their underarm hair is disgusting, unhygienic, uncivil or not feminine enough.”
Shaving armpits is relatively new in China, dating only from the 1990s, she said. “For my mother's generation, a woman not shaving her armpits is totally natural,” said Ms. Xiao, 25.
Although the contest site has registered more than 1.2 million views, only about 40 women had entered by Tuesday, though they included prominent feminists like Wei Tingting, Li Tingting and Zheng Churan. The three women are among five who drew worldwide attention for their detention in March ahead of a planned campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation. They were released on bail in April but remain under police supervision.
“The pictures have proved that women can celebrate their bodies, desire and love, whether homosexual or heterosexual, whether their underarm hair is long or short and in spite of raised eyebrows from passers-by,” Ms. Wei wrote on Weibo.
The Taiwan-born American movie director Ang Lee has said that he found hairy armpits on women sexy. In the interest of authenticity, he had Tang Wei, the lead actress in his 2007 film “Lust, Caution,” which is set in the 1930s Shanghai, grow out her underarm hair.
As of Tuesday, the Weibo page for Ms. Xiao's contest had drawn more than 1,150 comments. Not all were flattering toward the concept of women not shaving their underarms.
“This is not a question of pleasing anybody,” wrote a Weibo user with the online handle Arnorosayang. “According to our universal aesthetics, it's just not elegant.”
“Shaving or not is a personal choice,” wrote a user called Amy101. “Why flash it? Armpits are quite private after all. I just hate being this high profile.”
Photo
Ms. Xiao said: “Even some of my friends don't understand.”
There is precedent for Ms. Xiao's campaign: Her contest is at least the second foray in China into the issue of women's underarm hair. Last year, a similar contest called “Girls not plucking armpit hair,” initiated by a Weibo user, drew widespread attention. The contest also follows debates in developed countries beginning in the 1970s as some women stopped shaving in keeping with their feminist beliefs. It is still less common to shave in Europe than in the United States.
In Ms. Xiao's contest, three prizes will be given out, paid for with unused donations from a walk Ms. Xiao undertook from Beijing to Guangzhou last year to raise awareness of child sex abuse in China. The awards reflect a feminist orientation: The first prize is 100 condoms, the second is a vibrator and the third is 10 female urination devices, which allow women to urinate while standing up.
'Twas the day after Christmas, through the Senate and House.
Salvation was coming, for every jobless louse.
The cuts were all hung, by the chimney with care,
In hopes that Saint Ayn soon would be there.
The jobless were nestled, all snug in their beds,
While visions of moochers danced in their heads.
Rand Paul in his bootstraps and Cruz in his cap,
Had settled the matter, it's really a snap.
See the poor have too much, the jobless are lazy!
If we give them much less, they'll get hired like crazy!
Food stamps as well, we'll chop them right up!
And if they really must eat, let them pee in a cup!
Paul Ryan'll boot them, four million strong.
Sure, Sequester was eased, 'til the next cliff comes along!
But why stop with food stamps and checks unemployment?
We'll cut down the moochers for our own enjoyment!
As long as we leave defense and farm payouts,
We'll cut it all else, damn lazy lay'bouts!
With a little old lady, scowling so fine,
I knew in a moment it must be Saint Ayn.
And we all called together, our thoughts as they came.
More cuts, chops and clips, and we called them by name!
Now Social Security! Now Medicare! And that Socialist brew!
On Head Start! On Science! On Obamacare, too!
To the top of the porch, to the top of the wall!
Now chop away! Chop away! Chop away, all!
Google AdSense ad sizes
Sometimes, you find yourself in the middle of nowhere, and sometimes, in the middle of nowhere, you find yourself... trying to fit ads into your website. Sure, Google offers a list of AdSense ad sizes, but unless you're some sort of pixel wizard, chances are you're going to have a hard time imagining what a 234x60 block looks like. They've also got pictures of the top performing ad sizes, which is nice... except for the fact that they're a tiny bit off, which just grinds my gears.
So, as always, we're off to Python land to generate some pictures of our own. I didn't include the regional ad sizes, but the code's below, so feel free to update it as needed.
And in case you just want to download all the pictures, here's a handy download link.
PS: you'll need to
1 2 3 virtualenv -p $( which python3 ) venv source venv/bin/activate pip install pillow
in order for the imports to work.
Trump's Fast Start Likely Puts the House in Play in 2018
by Stuart Rothenberg
President Donald Trump is off to a fast start, but that aggressiveness could produce the same sort of reaction that Barack Obama's fast start did in 2009: It could lead to a midterm election in which voters apply the brakes.
In 2010, voters told President Obama that he had gone too far, too fast, with health care reform, a $787 billion economic stimulus package, the bailout of the banks, cash for clunkers and a generally liberal agenda.
The result was a GOP landslide – an outcome that did not surprise readers of The Rothenberg Political Report, which projected Republican House gains of 55 to 65 seats. The final result was a Republican gain of 63 seats, a number unimaginable a year earlier.
Trump's supporters surely are pleased with his populist rhetoric and actions, and relieved that he is keeping his campaign pledges. But others, who opposed him or voted for him only because they disliked Hillary Clinton, will find his agenda and approach disturbing, even alarming, and they will likely turn out in November 2018.
Trump's fast start almost guarantees that the midterm will be about him – about how comfortable voters are with his accomplishments. The more successful he is, the more easily his party will navigate those elections.
The president's party has lost seats in 18 of the last 20 midterm elections, so it is likely that Democrats will gain House seats next year. How vulnerable will the GOP be? Much more than you think now.
Democrats need to gain 24 seats to win back the House – a relatively large number given the way districts were drawn at the beginning of the decade. But if the outlook is challenging for Democrats, it certainly isn't impossible.
There are 27 Republican House members sitting in districts in which Mitt Romney drew less than 50 percent of the vote. In another 19 districts, Romney drew between 50 percent and 52 percent.
Not all of those seats will be at great risk for the GOP next year. While Romney drew only 46.3 percent of the vote in 2012 and Trump just 39 percent in Ileana Ros-Lehtinen's 27th District, the Florida congresswoman is so personally popular and entrenched that she might win re-election regardless of Trump's popularity.
But it isn't difficult to come up with a quick 20 seats that could be at serious risk if 2018 sees a “normal” midterm election, with disappointed or angry voters turning out to send a message of dissatisfaction to the president.
That list would include: Arizona's 2nd (Martha McSally). California's 10th (Jeff Denham), California's 21st (David Valadao), California's 25th (Steve Knight), California's 49th (Darrell Issa), Colorado's 6th (Mike Coffman), Florida's 18th (Brian Mast), Florida's 26th (Carlos Curbelo), Iowa's 1st (Rod Blum), Iowa's 3rd (David Young), Illinois' 12th (Mike Bost), Maine's 2nd (Bruce Poliquin), Minnesota's 2nd (Jason Lewis), New York's 1st (Lee Zeldin), New York's 19th (John Faso), New York's 22nd (Claudia Tenney), Pennsylvania's 6th (Ryan Costello), Pennsylvania's 8th (Brian Fitzpatrick), Texas' 23rd (Will Hurd) and Virginia's 10th (Barbara Comstock).
Of course, those are just the most obvious ones. In anything approaching a partisan wave, at least twice as many districts could be in play.
Some of the Members on this list are proven vote getters who have won in different kinds of years. Many have been targeted before, quite unsuccessfully.
But a midterm with a Republican in the White House has not occurred since 2006 – 11 years ago, and it will likely produce a very different dynamic from what we have witnessed over the past five general elections.
In fact, only one of the 20 Republicans listed above, Darrell Issa, won during the 2006 elections, and his current vulnerability stems from the changing demographics of his district. The others don't know what it is like to run in a midterm with a controversial GOP president.
They should talk with Walter Minnick. A Democrat who won a Republican House seat in Idaho in 2008, Minnick voted against cap-and-trade, Obamacare and the stimulus. Republicans liked him and gave him high marks – until they had to cast their votes during the 2010 midterms. Then, in an effort to limit President Obama's dominance, they voted for Minnick's GOP opponent, Raul Labrador, 51-41 percent. Flipping the House became the highest priority.
Republicans who want to squash any talk of a midterm problem for their party no doubt will note that midterm electorates have been older, whiter and more Republican than in presidential cycles. That will limit Democratic gains next year or possibly even result in GOP gains, they will argue.
That certainly was true during the Obama years, but nothing guarantees that will be the case again in 2018.
Republicans lost 26 seats in Ronald Reagan's first midterm election. More recently, House Democrats won only 46.8 percent of the popular vote (202 seats) in 2004, a presidential year, but 52.3 percent of the popular vote (233 seats) two years later, during Pres. George W. Bush's second midterm election.
Of course, to put the House in play, Democrats must recruit strong challengers, and the party's prospects would be greatly enhanced by GOP retirements. For example, if Ros-Lehtinen were to retire, her seat would immediately be at risk. The same would be true if New Jersey's Frank LoBiondo (who turns 72 in 2018) or New York's Peter King (who will turn 74) don't seek re-election.
Given the 2018 Senate map, which offers Democrats few opportunities for gains, next year's fight for control of Congress will be all about the House. It is far too early to guess what the political environment will be like then or how many districts the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee will put into play – the committee just released an list of 59 initial Republican targets.
Most Trump loyalists will continue to have faith in the president and contempt for the national media. They will stand by him in 2018 and argue that he has defied history before.
But the president's aggressive start, combined with cracks within the GOP on how to deal with health care and Russia, will unsettle many voters, just as Obama did. And those voters will be inclined to hit the brakes when they next go to the polls. Because of that, Donald Trump is likely to have the same midterm problems that other presidents have experienced.
The House map favors Republicans, but the midterm dynamic could well prove more powerful. Nothing is yet guaranteed, but don't be surprised if the House is up for grabs in the fall of 2018.
I've remarked often how similar the world of American politics and American soccer are. Part of that is due to the overlap in individuals with interest in both arenas, and the similar contrasts in constituencies and global views. Following,
The shocking elimination of the United States Men's National Team (USMNT) from World Cup qualifying,
The potential relocation of the Columbus Crew SC an original Major League Soccer (MLS) team, and two relocations of National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) clubs
antitrust ligation filed by the North American Soccer League (NASL),
A Court of Arbitration on Sports (CAS) claim filed by Miami FC and the Kingston Stockade FC to implement a system of promotion and relegation for clubs(something inherent in football leagues across the globe outside the USA, Australia and partially in India though the later two are likely to change)
A continued open CAS claim on the US' lack of solidarity payments to youth clubs (another system that inherent in world football but lacking in the United States),
the 2018 USSF Presidential race attracted nine candidates and saw the long-time incumbent Sunil Gulati drop out. The race has also attracted the type of media attention domestic soccer rarely receives because in large measure it is so interesting and different than the self-contained world of American sports which generally doesn't have comparable structures to the governance sport or democracy abroad.
Much of my absence these last two months from these pages have had to do with the daily grind of covering this campaign for other outlets – in fact I've watched Florida politics AND actual soccer matches less than prior to October 10, when the USMNT elimination led to an open and vibrant Presidential race. In the paragraphs below I will attempt to liken much of what is happening in this election to what takes places in US political campaigns.
The election will be held in Orlando the weekend of February 8-11 at the US Soccer Federation (USSF) AGM. Voting is much like in the Florida Democratic Party where those eligible through some status, cast what are essentially weighted votes. In the coming weeks, I hope to interview one-on-one each of the candidates for various publications I contribute to. But before that here is an overview from my perspective as to how the race and its current candidates reflect similarities to American politics.
The issue of crony capitalism is the number one defining talking point of this race. Critics of US Soccer claim the federation, which is responsible for governing the sport at the professional and amateur level in this country as well as fielding men's and women's national team as well as national youth teams has become a repository for cronyism. The most notable criticism, and one I share with those wanting a massive overhaul in the governance of the game in this country is the relationship between Major League Soccer owned Soccer United Marketing (SUM) and the USSF. The USSF has without a real RFP or bidding process outsourced media and marketing efforts to SUM. Many including the lawyers for the NASL allege this constitutes an improper subsidy of a pro league, a league whose closed structure (using a single entity construct) prevents innovation and accountability thus leading directly to the failure of the USMNT. Allegations of kickbacks and a failure of US Soccer to invest in development programs including those to help lower-income girls and boys play at elite youth clubs dominate this discussion. My assertion would be that in no other major western country do you see such a close relationship between the governing federation as a business and its top men's pro league. In fact, the divergence of interests between those two entities in other nations prevents the type of collaboration we see in the United States. But the US is a nation built upon crony capitalism and one where a lack of accountability and aversion to risk tends to characterize the most entrenched business. The innovation of the Amazon's and Silicon Valley firms isn't matched by the old industrial order, and the battle in US Soccer very much resembles these differences.
SUM has become the punching bag of this race. That's why many found the decision of longtime President Sunil Gulati, the embodiment of the status quo and marrying of interests between the USSF and MLS to step away but anoint Kathy Carter, the President of SUM and one of the founding employees of MLS in the mid 1990's as an attempt to maintain the hegemony of SUM and MLS using Carter, a woman and a fresh face as a way to consolidate support for the status quo which given the points I made above was beginning to wane. Carter has come out of the box showing a Hillary Clinton-like ability to try and placate both sides but in fact dig in with the status quo by paying what amounts to dismissive or patronizing lip service to actual reform . It's no coincidence as the establishment of US Soccer and the PR firm Carter has retained have close ties to the Democratic Party and Clintonian wing of the Democrats. The followers of the establishment of American soccer also tend to be rank-in-file Democrats more than being conservatives, progressives or anything else politically.
Those who support Carter tend to be those taking the path of the least resistance or people/entities profiting off the current system. Like Clintonians they pay lip service to the idea of change, but in reality have too much invested economically and personally to want to see any sort of wholesale change.
The most fancied challenger to Carter and the establishment is former USMNT playing great, ESPN and FOX Sports analyst Eric Wynalda. Having worked with Wynalda in the past, I can attest to his drive and willingness to shake the system. Wynalda has embraced the idea of promotion and relegation, solidarity payments and shifting the calendar of American pro leagues to correspond as closely as possible to the top international ones. He'll also change the way the USSF scouts and develops players. Wynalda is a genuine reformer, whose views about the sport match that of many fans disaffected by the domestic game, its corporatism and lack of correspondence with the way the sport is governed abroad.
However, for better or worse Wynalda's candidacy has taken on a face that makes it resemble a combination of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders. It may not be fashionable to say this, but Sanders and Trump supporters ARE similar in some key ways – suspicion of the establishment, resentment of those in power, anger toward elites and ultimately a distrust of the media. Wynalda has had a reputation for bombastic and provocative statements in the past, and while he has been more in control during this race, his supporters, many of whom hang on his every word have grown radicalized much like some visible Sanders and Trump supporters were during the 2016 US Presidential Election.
Supporters of Wynalda who are far more numerous on social media than that of other candidates have created an environment many find toxic online. Frequent claims of corruption or weakness have characterized this discussion. It's become difficult to even express critiques that are nuanced or question the motivations of messengers (like former US Men's National Team Manager Jurgen Klinsmann who if anything should have been dismissed from his job 12 to 18 months earlier than he was, and whom used trying to change the subject after his failings as an excuse to push the buck by making valid critiques of the system and sport's governance, but who failed to meet the expectations he himself set for any occupant of the job he held for five and a half years) without being accused of being a shill, dishonest or part of the status quo. American soccer is rife with conflicts of interest, but that doesn't mean everyone who doesn't subscribe to the most aggressive reform agenda is compromised.
Suspicions of the media have led Wynalda supporters to harass and attack members of the media on social media. Ironically enough, few if any of these critics held Wynalda himself to the same standard when he was a media member, though it could be argued his most recent employer, FOX Sports, didn't let him really speak out against the status quo. The members of the media often attacked by the most zealous Wynalda supporters are in fact in many cases the most objective and reform-minded in a group that I will admit often doesn't speak out and lines up with the status quo. Again like Sanders and Trump supporters, they chase away the most natural ideological allies in the mainstream with over-the-top rhetoric and attacks. Paul LaPointe, considered by many a marginal candidate has also had a role in winding up those on social media seeking reform. Hope Solo who recently jumped into the race has a history of being outspoken. Solo, jumped into the race with fanfare a week and a half ago attacking SUM and the soccer establishment as she so often has in the past.
For the record, I do believe a fear of Wynalda in the status quo is driving some coverage of this race. But his most vocal and zealous online supporters cannot seem to distinguish between who is partaking in this type of coverage from those who are just being objective and honest. How Wynalda and his supporters handle the pressure in the next seven weeks will indicate whether turning the keys over to them is wise or a recipe for disaster.
For those looking for a more moderate yet reform-minded alternative to Wynalda several options are present. Kyle Martino, a former player who most recently served as an analyst for NBC Sports on its (English) Premier League coverage is appealing with his reform minded campaign and savvy demeanor. Martino is the son-in-law of one of America's most prominent progressive celebrities, Susan Sarandon and like his mother-in-law he's progressive politically and believes in reform. His critiques aren't terribly different than Wynalda's but his presentation is different. Additionally, lawyer Steven Gans, whose experience in the sport is extensive on both sides of the Atlantic, Michael Winograd a New York attorney and former USMNT player Paul Caligiuri are talking reform. All of these candidates have raised serious issues in how they feel US Soccer is governed. They may represent a safe landing spot for those electors who vote in a US Soccer election – stakeholders in the game who may want reform but don't want the baggage attached to Wynalda and his most vocal supporters.
For those who might be wanting a safe pair of hands, Mitt Romney or John Kerry type technocrat, Carlos Cordeiro, a former Goldman Sachs executive and popular US Soccer board member is running. Cordeiro represents the status quo but importantly would put the interests of US Soccer first it appears, rather than using the federation as an ad junct to Major League Soccer and SUM. Those who have worked with Cordeiro tell me he is far more deliberative and consensus-oriented in his leadership style than Gulati who was critiqued for his arbitrary governing style, has been.
The race is intense and taking on the shape of a US Presidential Campaign, primaries, conventions and all. Even for non-soccer fans, this is an interesting process to watch.
— Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling's team of lawyers has hired four private investigation firms to dig up dirt on the NBA's former and current commissioners and its 29 other owners, a person familiar with Sterling's legal strategy said.
Investigators were given a six-figure budget over the next 30 days to examine the league's finances, allegations of previous discriminatory conduct and compensation to past Commissioner David Stern and current Commissioner Adam Silver, said the person who spoke to The Associated Press on Thursday night on condition of anonymity. The person wasn't authorized to talk publicly.
The person said the investigators also are looking into whether other owners made any off-color jokes, or racist or sexist remarks.
“The gloves are off, as they say,” the person said. “Have them dig up all the dirt they can find.”
The 80-year-old Sterling is suing the NBA for $1 billion in federal court after the league tried to oust him as Clippers owner for making racist remarks to a girlfriend that were recorded and publicized. Silver fined him $2.5 million and banned him for life.
The suit alleges the league violated Sterling's constitutional rights by relying on information from an “illegal” recording. It also said the league committed a breach of contract by fining Sterling and that it violated antitrust laws by trying to force a sale.
Sterling's attorneys will also be facing off with his wife's attorneys in probate court during a four-day hearing scheduled for July.
The probate court hearing centers on whether Shelly Sterling had the right to unilaterally negotiate a $2 billion deal to sell the Clippers to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer. Shelly Sterling's attorney, Pierce O'Donnell, said she made the deal as the sole administrator of The Sterling Family Trust, which owns the team, after two doctors determined her estranged husband was mentally “incapacitated.” Donald Sterling is fighting that conclusion and her authority to sell.
The person who spoke to the AP said Donald Sterling reluctantly agreed to hire private investigators after this week's legal proceedings in probate court. The NBA submitted a legal filing Wednesday urging a judge to confirm Shelly Sterling's authority to sell the team.
“He realized these guys will literally go to any low to get this sold,” the person said. “Even if it gets (him) nothing other than exposing all these guys and shaking up the league and seeing a change in the leadership of the league, it'll be worth it to him.”
The firms will be engaged in an “audition” of sorts, the individual said: “whoever delivers the best (material) is going to stay on for the next round and it might be all four of them. … 29 owners is not a small undertaking.”
HOUSTON -- Houston Crime Stoppers and investigators with the Houston Police Department hope someone can help them track down three men involved in a robbery at a Shipley Do-Nut shop.
The suspects are accused of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon.
According to HPD, it was Monday, Oct. 16 when the men entered the Shipley's at 6602 North Shepherd.
Raw video: Shipley Do-Nuts robbery
One of the suspects with a handgun immediately jumped the counter and demanded the money from the cash registers. A second man also jumped the counter while a third man took the customers' cell phones.
During the robbery, the man who collected cell phones offered customers doughnuts while the other two suspects were robbing the employees.
All three of the suspects fled the store on foot. They are described by HPD as:
Suspect #1 - Black male, around 5'08, black hoodie, blue pants and white bandana.
Suspect #2 - Black male, 5'07 to 5'10, black hoodie and red bandana
Suspect #3 - Black male, 6'00 to 6'02, multicolored hoodie, black pants and black bandana
The lobby of the restaurant is now locked beginning at 1 p.m. each day. Patrons are asked to go through the drive-thru after that.
Call Houston Crime Stoppers at 713-222-TIPS if you have any information.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Casting ch-ch-changes are underway on the set of "Empire," prior to the September 21 third season premiere.
Rapper/actor Romeo Miller will replace rapper/actor Kid Cudi to portray a new character, who will serve as a rival for the Hakeem Lyon (Bryshere Gray) character, as well as a possible love interest for Tiana Brown (Serayah McNeill).
During the early days of Miller's career, he went by the moniker Lil Romeo. He also starred on the Nickelodeon sitcom, "Romeo!" He is the son of Percy Miller, better known as rapper/entrepreneur and founder of No Limit Records, Master P.
Cudi left the show over "creative differences." Footage already shot featuring Kid Cudi will have to be discarded and re-shot with Miller.
"Empire" would have been Cudi's second TV show in as many years. In 2015, he joined the cast of the IFC sketch show "Comedy Bang Bang" for its fourth season, becoming the show's bandleader after Reggie Watts left to become the bandleader for James Corden on "The Late Late Show."
Cudi's final appearance on the show was the fourth season finale in December 2015.
Weird Al Yankovic replaced Kid Cudi for the show's fifth, and current, season. IFC recently announced this will be the show's final season. The final 10 episodes will air from October 28 through December 10.
Well this is a pleasant surprise: Panda Bear drops a brand-new EP out of nowhere, featuring one of the best jams from his incredible new album Panda Bear Meets the Grim Reaper. In addition to “Mr Noah,” the EP features 3 non-album b-sides: “Faces in the Crowd“, “Untying the Knot“, and “This Side of Paradise“. Listen to the EP in its entirety below + download it now on iTunes. PBVSGR is out January 13, 2015, pre-order the 3xLP here. You can also see some of Danny Perez's PBVSGR visuals here. Tracklist after the jump…
PANDA BEAR MEETS THE GRIM REAPER
Sequential Circuits
Mr Noah
Davy Jones' Locker
Crosswords
Butcher Baker Candlestick Maker
Boys Latin
Come To Your Senses
Tropic of Cancer
Shadow of the Colossus
Lonely Wanderer
Principe Real
Selfish Gene
Acid Wash
The cartoon recounts the adventures of frustrated housewife Savita Bhabhi as she attempts to cope with the boredom of the long days while her husband at the office.
The buxom, flat-stomached Savita is shown seducing door-to-door salesmen, local cricketers and even a cousin visiting from the United States.
A new colour cartoon is posted on the website every day, and each adventure lasts around a month, with the more explicit scenes usually held until the end.
The site started in March and already has 30,000 registered users. It appears in English and several Indian languages.
But in a country where attitudes to sex are only beginning to relax, and where unmarried couples still receive disapproving looks for holding hands in public, there is mystery about who is behind the comic.
The writers and illustrators give only their screen names on the site, and the Indian Porn Empire, which is listed as the copyright holder, has failed to return calls from local journalists.
The strips, which are humorous, ironic, and by the standards of Western pornography fairly tame, appear to have hit a nerve with young middle-class Indians becoming more open about sexuality.
“I do think that India was waiting for some mature and contemporary pornography,” sociologist Patricia Oberoi told The Independent.
“And this is certainly Indian. A number of the themes are no doubt universal but the settings are very Indian.”
Savita Bhabhi has even been described as harking back to the sensual and playful spirit of the Kama Sutra, the 2,000-year-old Indian sex manual.
VÁRZEA GRANDE Anterior | Índice | Próxima
Pastor abusava da própria filha
Ao ser preso, Rogério de Araújo, 37, pastor de uma igreja evangélica, confessou que mantinha relações sexuais com filha de 13 anos
Surrado por populares, pastor foi levado à Central de Flagrantes de Várzea Grande e confessou o abuso ADILSON ROSA
Da Reportagem
O pastor evangélico Rogério Paz de Araújo, de 37 anos, foi preso por policiais militares acusado de estuprar a filha de 13 anos que, não suportando mais o abuso, denunciou o pai a uma vizinha que acionou a Polícia Militar. A garota contou que desde os 11 anos é estuprada pelo pai, que sempre a espancava quando recusava.
O último estupro ocorreu anteontem de manhã e a menina correu até a casa de uma vizinha na Cohab 8 de Março, em Várzea Grande, que a deixou ficar em casa por alguns dias. No período da tarde, o pai foi vê-la na casa de uma mulher que frequenta a igreja do pastor, mas acabou surrado por vizinhos que souberam do abuso sexual.
Com vários ferimentos, o pastor foi entregue para policiais militares que levaram o suspeito até a Central de Flagrantes de Várzea Grande. Aos policiais, a garota disse que, desde os 11 anos, o pai abusava sexualmente dela, estuprando-a. Ela disse que perdeu as contas de quantas vezes isso aconteceu. Não foram carícias não. Foi estupro mesmo. Toda vez que eu pedia para não fazer mais isso, ele (o pai) ameaçava me bater, frisou a menor.
Com o relato da filha, policiais plantonistas tiveram a certeza de que houve o estupro de vulnerável. O pastor, que é líder de uma igreja evangélica na Vila Boa Esperança, em Várzea Grande, confirmou as informações da filha.
Em seu interrogatório, ele admitiu que transava com a menina, mas com consentimento dela. Acrescentou que fez sexo com a filha após vê-la pelada, fato ocorrido há cerca de dois anos. Desde então, teria continuado.
O depoimento do pastor deixou policiais plantonistas impressionados, principalmente com a frieza do pai relatando como abusava sexualmente da filha. A vítima tem dois irmãos menores que vive com ela.
O flagrante será concluído pela Delegacia de Defesa da Mulher, Adolescente e Idoso de Várzea Grande onde a delegada Daniela Maidel deverá ouvir mais testemunhas antes de encerrar as investigações.
Como se trata de uma situação grave, a menina terá to-do acompanhamento psicológico.
Anterior | Índice | Próxima Comentários Deixe aqui sua opinião sobre esse assunto
· Sem palavras, esse atos é muito monstruo - Veríssimo Lemes do Nascimento
· favor informar o nome dessa igreja para - jose carlos
· PASTOR,PASTOR..., penso que tu já passas - KID BALLA
One year ago, it was but a simple question spawned from a casual conversation between friends: can we coherently combine bluegrass and metal? Although the idea was a bit eccentric, it quickly became a compelling challenge.
During the past year we have amassed over a dozen inspired artists from the US & Germany and, through the powers of the internet, have united over great distances to meet this challenge. We are dead set on blending elements of bluegrass and metal music into a single story album. We are Blood & Banjos, and with your help, we will be able to record in the studio to achieve this goal.
The Album
So far we have the story of Abram Stone, an Appalachian family man who's been tricked by the Devil into a path of violence and tragedy. In Abram's poisoned mind, only he and his 5-string banjo can prevent the coming of the Anti-Christ and the resulting apocalypse, but the Town Mayor stands in his way...
The story is revealed via the music of of ten collaboratively developed tracks. We've self-produced three of these songs to demonstrate our abilities, and will showcase them during this campaign.
--Here is the first release, Sons of Darkness, in which Abram is confronted by the mob (lead by the Town Mayor) that wishes to bring him to justice.
--Here is the second release, Judge, Jury, and Executioner, in which the town discovers Abram's heinous deed, and decides to take action.
--Here is the final demo release, The Binding, in which Abram carries out his divine task of killing his beloved wife.
These tracks are not professionally recorded, mixed, or mastered, and therefore are not reaching their full potential. In fact, most of these tracks are recorded in bedrooms and basements! We wish to do bluegrass and metal justice by recording with proper microphones and in proper studio spaces. Professional mixing and mastering will also make a world of difference.
Of course, the cost of this recording and production adds up very quickly. All in all, the budget needed for completing this project is much more than we can afford, but that's where you come in!
What's in it for you?
As a thank you for helping fund our endeavor, we offer copies of the final album, t-shirts, posters, and customized experiences! Take a look at the reward levels on the right-hand side of the page. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask!
The t-shirts we offer feature the Blood & Banjos Stump Logo (as seen in the video) designed by artist Eric Priestley, and are available in sizes S through XXL.
Below is the Execution by Banjo poster by artist Dave Kloc, available as an epic 18x24" screenprint on quality paper.
The Path Ahead
Once successfully funded, we will spend a few months re-budgeting and planning (if needed), and finalizing the music. Your generous contributions will then be used to fund studio time for each musician. Because we are all in different locations, each artist is responsible for recording at a studio near them. This may be costly, but it is cheaper than flying everyone to a common studio!
After everything is tracked, it's just a matter of mixing and mastering the final product! Here is a look at the remaining schedule, with our goal release date in March of 2014.
Stretch Goals
While the proposed budget will enable us to complete the album, additional funds would allow us to collaborate more in person. Plus, it doesn't hurt to dream!
French authorities have arrested a man suspected of stabbing a 22-year-old French soldier. Prosecutors say that he has admitted to the attack and was probably motivated by "religious ideology".
Paris prosecutor Xavier Molins said the man, named as Alexandre D and who turns 22 on Thursday, was a convert to Islam who had bought two knives and said a Muslim prayer shortly before stabbing Private First Class Cedric Cordiez in the neck on Saturday.
The suspect, who was detained on Wednesday, carried out the attack just days after the killing of a British soldier in London by men shouting religious slogans.
"He was known [to police] but we cannot speak of radical Islamism," Manuel Valls, French interior minister, told iTele television. I remain very cautious."
The suspect, known to police for crimes such as theft and possession of firearms, was arrested in a Paris suburb early on Wednesday after being identified through fingerprints, a police source told Reuters news agency.
AFP news agency identified the site of arrest as Yvelines, just west of Paris.
Cedric Cordiez was attacked from behind with a knife or box-cutter while patrolling the La Defense business neighbourhood, a busy underground shopping and transport hub, west of Paris.
He was released from hospital on Monday.
Al Jazeera's David Chater, reporting from Paris, said: "We have a few details that have been released by both the Interior Ministry and the French police
"Apparently they got to him by having very, very clear CCTV images of the actual attack, and they saw this 22-year-old man praying before the attack.
"He was wearing a black sweater apparently with a belt around it. They say the indications are that this was a pre-planned attack, then he launched the attack on the soldier, stabbing him in the left of the neck."
French police have said the knife attack may have been inspired by off-duty British soldier Lee Rigby's murder in London on May 22 by two men shouting religious slogans.
The key suspect in the London attack, Michael Adebolajo, was captured on video carrying bloodied knives and a meat cleaver after the attack, saying he had murdered Rigby because British troops were killing Muslims.
New Page 1 ThrowdownFantasy.com Stats Report Bernard Hopkins W 12 (spl) Beibut Shumenov
04/19/2014 Washington, DC Ageless wonder Hopkins outlanded novice Shumenov in each of the last nine rounds. The selective Hopkins landed 51% of his power punches and 46% of his jabs, averaging 32 punches thrown per round. Shumenov, who oddly trains himself (and his performance showed it), landed just 20% of his total punches and 20% of his power shots. Total Punches Landed / Thrown Round 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Hopkins 3/14 12/26 10/32 11/26 10/29 13/30 21/30 22/43 19/41 22/42 21/34 22/36 21% 46% 31% 42% 34% 43% 70% 51% 46% 52% 62% 61% Shumenov 3/26 12/46 13/50 8/50 7/48 8/47 9/46 17/67 14/56 14/76 13/51 6/45 12% 26% 26% 16% 15% 17% 20% 25% 25% 18% 25% 13% Jabs Landed / Thrown Round 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Hopkins 2/10 7/14 7/18 4/14 2/12 6/19 13/16 14/29 13/28 8/16 8/11 9/14 20% 50% 39% 29% 17% 32% 81% 48% 46% 50% 73% 64% Shumenov 3/20 4/18 10/30 2/20 4/22 4/25 6/28 11/28 6/26 3/26 3/17 1/16 15% 22% 33% 10% 18% 16% 21% 39% 23% 12% 18% 6% Power Punches Landed / Thrown Round 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Hopkins 1/4 5/12 3/14 7/12 8/17 7/11 8/14 8/14 6/13 14/26 13/23 13/22 25% 42% 21% 58% 47% 64% 57% 57% 46% 54% 57% 59% Shumenov 0/6 8/28 3/20 6/30 3/26 4/22 3/18 6/39 8/30 11/50 10/34 5/29 0% 29% 15% 20% 12% 18% 17% 15% 27% 22% 29% 17% Final PunchStat Report Total Punches Jabs Power Punches Hopkins 186 / 383 93 / 201 93 / 182 49% 46% 51% Shumenov 124 / 608 57 / 276 67 / 332 20% 21% 20%
If Breaking Bad's Walter White is the most famous person to come out of the Albuquerque, New Mexico area, new Lions wide receiver Chris Williams can certainly make a case for number two.
All you have to look at is his CFL credentials and how far the speedster has come since a suffering a torn ACL and meniscus last October.
After initially expecting to miss the start of training camp, Williams isn't ruling out suiting up for day one, although he won't pressure himself to do so.
“There is no reason to rush back and I won't put a percentage on it but I do feel pretty good right now and expect to be fully ready,” said Williams from his home in suburban Rio Rancho.
“We'll see how it goes.”
The New Mexico State grad was on his way to a career year in the nation's capital: 77 catches, 1246 yards and ten touchdowns until he went down in an October 7th home loss to Saskatchewan.
The REDBLACKS managed to recover and Williams had to watch their once in a lifetime Grey Cup upset victory against Calgary from the sidelines. Seven years in pro football and he couldn't suit up in the biggest game of his life.
“I was happy to be a part of it. I did sit there in the meetings and spent all the time with them,” explained Williams about Grey Cup week.
“That's what team sports is all about, being able to spend time with your brothers. I think had we lost it for a second year in a row and I missed the game it obviously would have been way more disappointing.”
Two years after almost becoming a BC Lion in his return from the NFL, Williams is finally in orange, joining an already-impressive crop of receivers.
The three-headed monster of Williams, Emmanuel Arceneaux and Bryan Burnham will not doubt cause fits for any opposing defence. Don't forget Nick Moore is also rehabbing quite nicely from his own knee injury form 2016.
“It's going to be awesome. We're all so different,” said the 2011 CFL Most Outstanding Rookie.
“I am going to enjoy picking up pieces of their game and what makes them so special. I'll be embracing the grind and going to battle with these guys. You have to do that.”
There was also the familiarity with Khari Jones and Marcel Bellefuielle being there. Obviously having coach Wally and the legend that he is helped and it seems the time is right there.”
Bellefuille and Jones served as head coach and offensive co-coordinator respectively when Williams first migrated north to Hamilton in 2011.
The two veteran coaches haven't stopped smiling at the prospect of certain schemes and packages they will be able to run with Williams in the fold.
“I am very excited,” said Jones the week Williams signed.
“Chris still is pretty explosive. He is a great person to have on your team because you can do a lot of things with him.
He's not only an explosive receiver, but also a good route runner and has turned into a good leader. He's just everything you want in a receiver.”
Along with rehab, Williams is focused on family time before he embarks on Kamloops in just over one month's time. He just bought a brand-new house in Rio Rancho for his wife and three young children.
You have to commend any individual who can juggle time between that young a family and learning a whole a new playbook. Given what he has been through the past six months, no challenge will seem too daunting for the
speedy wide receiver.
“I am in a good spot mentally. I never got too discouraged when the injury happened and I am just ready to grind it out.”
Having the opportunity to win his first Grey Cup in shoulder pads and a helmet do doubt allows him to stay committed to the task at hand.
“They beat us twice last year so that speaks to the talent they have,” said Williams.
“I look forward to accomplishing the same thing (as last year). Getting to the Grey Cup and winning.”
New Mexico may soon have a new favourite son indeed.
Matt Baker:mbaker@bclions.com
Image by Kaibab National Forest
I've been thinking a lot about gaming burn-out recently. You see, every 3-4 months, I go through a phase where I am just not into gaming. It's usually characterized by a lack of motivation to do anything game-related, negative thinking about the gaming situation that I find myself in, and a gnawing sense that I should be doing something else with my time. Most times this happens, I chalk it up to being burnt out with gaming. I figure that it's time to pack it up and move on and focus on a different hobby.
This time, it's different. I've been writing for Troll in the Corner for a few months now. In that time, I've acquired a lot of gaming knowledge, seen a lot of awesome things, and I've gained a measure of responsibility. I have books to read, systems to review (and test if possible), and articles to write. I love what I do here, and that means I have to keep my head in the gaming scene.
So, how have managed to keep this thing going? Well, I've figured out a few things during these last few months; maybe you'll find some of those things useful.
Don't Get Stuck in Your Own Head
This is the thing that I struggle with the most when it comes to gaming. I GM most of the time, and I worry far too often about what people will think about the game I present to them. Not that I shouldn't be concerned with the quality of my game sessions, but if it seems to me like one of my players wasn't as in to the sessions as I had hoped, or if I don't get effusive praise for the session, then I tend to get into a funk. I find myself imagining conversations with my players where they tell me that they would rather not play RPGs anymore. It's not a fun state in which to be.
Gaming is a mental exercise, but getting caught in my own mental webs get me nowhere. If I find myself walking those mental circles, I do my best to just snap the hell out of it. I love gaming, and I especially love GMing. If I spend too much time wallowing, then I won't focus on actually making the game a good one. Paying attention to the details of the story I want to craft is far more important than paying attention to the ramblings of a bout of poor self-esteem.
Don't get lost in your own mental mazes. If you really want to game, then clear the cobwebs, put pencil to paper (or fingers to keyboard) and write for the game. If you're a player, write a story starring your character; if you're the GM, plot out a new adventure. Do something that will help you advance your character or your story.
Don't Get Distracted by the New and the Shiny
You're playing a game system that you, hopefully, love. You've spent hours reading the books, you know the rules forward, backward, inside and out. You're getting ready to make a new character, or start planning a new campaign, and you get distracted. Maybe a friend has told you about a new game system, or maybe you heard about something new on a podcast, or from a web blog. It sounds awesome, and you abandon your plans. You start reading this new system, get all hot and bothered for it, and you start working on the new system.
Now, if you and your group are all looking for a change, then this isn't necessarily a bad thing. If, however, this is something that happens every three months, or after two game sessions, then it really becomes a problem.
My current system of distraction is Savage Worlds. I love the system, but I never get to play it. As much as I would love to begin a Deadlands game, or run Realms of Cthulhu, I know my players. They love their d20s and love Pathfinder. I am a huge fan of Pathfinder, but Savage Worlds calls to me. However, if I spend my time pining for a system that I have few opportunities to play, then I will miss the great gaming that I can get from the system that my group uses.
Find Ways to Get Re-Energized
One of the signature moments in my gaming-filled summer was my time at Origins. It stands out (and probably always will) because it was my first gaming convention, ever. I have since been to bigger, and better-organized conventions, but Origins was something magical for me. I jumped in with both feet, immersed myself in new games and new systems, and I don't think I will ever experience anything like it again.
What that time did for me was solidified just how much I love gaming. No other hobby that I can think of could keep me up until 6:30AM, and then have me back, engaging with people a mere 3 hours later. For weeks afterward, I was on a gaming high. It was that energy that helped me prepare 5 gaming sessions for KantCon, and it has stuck with me as a high-water mark of gaming in my life.
If you're feeling run down, find something that will recharge your gaming batteries. For me, it was attending my first gaming convention. For some, it might be a marathon gaming session. For others, it might simply be taking a break.
The End Result
If you're feeling at the end of your gaming rope, then do something to get out of it. In my opinion, one of the worst things that a gamer can do is drag along, not really enjoying what they're doing, gaming-wise. If you're a player, it brings your group down if you're the one player checking your email, screwing around online, or generally not paying attention. If you're the GM and you're burnt out, then you're likely doing nothing but giving your players a bad gaming experience.
I've been both of those things to groups before. I'm not proud of those times, but I've learned from them. I have a much better grasp on how I do things and how to handle my inevitable cycling down. Right now, my gaming future looks bright.
I was a teenager working my very first job. I was a child care attendant at a little mom-and-pop fitness center, and I had never heard of autism. To be fair, this was over twenty years ago, (yes, I admit it,) and I lived in a pretty small town. I really liked my job. I loved the kids, and if we ever had a difficult one, the time limit was only an hour and a half. I could handle any kid for an hour and a half. Then came Sam.
When Sam's mother walked through the door I knew that I was in for a very long ninety minutes. She would take the full time, and I could hardly blame her for needing the break. Along with Sam came both and older brother and an infant. Sam's brother, David, would always make me laugh. He was charming and always tucked his sweatpants into his socks. The infant, Max, did as infants do. Sam was a handsome boy with beautiful blonde locks, who would never look me in the eye.
The child care area consisted of two small rooms. No matter how many kids were in attendance, sometimes that second room would have to belong to Sam. We split the kids up, the other attendant would take the smallest kids and I would take the big ones, the ones who could handle being around Sam. Sam wasn't violent, he just didn't seem to know his own strength, which, for a four year old, was impressive. He would pace back and forth, and if a child was in his path, he would simply mow the child over. I knew that he wasn't mean. I wanted so badly for the other kids to understand that, but every time it was the same. We just had to steer clear of Sam. Some times we had to call down to his mother, to pick up early if he was having a bad day. She never seemed mad, just… defeated. Sometimes Sam would look out the window and have a little smile. I would stand next to him and look too, wondering what he saw. I wanted so badly to connect with him, I could only imagine how his mother felt. About fifteen years later, I didn't have to imagine. My own son was diagnosed with autism.
After working at the fitness center for years, I got my associate teacher certification to teach preschool. I taught for years before I had my son. Sometimes I would come across other children who would not look me in the eye. Maybe they would pace or hum. Still, I had never heard word one about autism. All of those hours in class, and not word one. The only course I got was the crash course that came along with getting a medical report.
Years later, I took a class at the local college. It was called, “exceptional needs,” and it covered many different special needs. It was considered an elective and was only offered every other semester. I needed that class. I needed it long before my son's diagnosis. I needed it long before teaching. I needed it for Sam.
Learning about children with special needs should NOT be an elective. As an early childhood educator, you may be the first teacher a special needs child will have. They deserve a teacher who can identify a need. Teachers need tools to help the other children understand a classmate's behavior, because this student will go on. Some special needs children will become integrated and some of those neurotypical kids will grow up. They might have children. Those children might have autism. Their crash course should not come with a medical report.
Sam would be a grown man now. I don't know anything about him. However, I do think about him, particularly when I hear my name over the loudspeaker at the gym.
If you're new to Art Journal Every Day, all the posts can be found here. Please read this post first. There is a flickr group for sharing right here. Remember, it's just ten minutes of nourishing your creative self every day! No need to finish anything or even like it. Just play!
I will have the sign-up for May posted on May 1! Newcomers are always welcome!
On Saturday I went bowling. It was my first time bowling with big balls. Previously I had only been candle pin bowling. My brother was very nice and gave me some instruction along the way. It didn't seem to be helping. My first game I scored 26. In case you don't know bowling, that's pathetic. It means I got mostly gutter balls the entire time. When we started the second game, I figured, "What the heck do I have to lose? I can't be worse than 26!" I bowled a 134 the second game! I got TWO strikes and a few spares! Wow!
So how did I get so much better?
Well, my brother is a very good instructor. But really I think it was the letting go of caring. Sometimes we hold onto things so tightly wanting to be perfect that we subconsciously sabotage ourselves. The third game I bowled a 55. Started caring again and clenching again because I liked how I bowled during the second game. You can probably guess that this post is not really about bowling. It's time to let go of those visions of perfect art journaling pages and let yourself run free!
Let's face it, a blank page can be intimidating. Even to the most advanced and experienced art journalers a blank page can be very daunting!
That's a whole lotta' white, isn't it? And lots of expectations too!
The fact is, we all do this thing where we buy pretty journals with the best of intentions. Sometimes it's good to just mess that journal up so you don't have to feel like it's sacrosanct. Also, I often start not on the first page. The only journal that I go in order in, is my daily art journal (it's more diary like). My other art journals start in the middle or the back and then flit around. There are no rules!
Today I thought I'd share a few of my favorite ways for transforming that big blank white page into something less intimidating!
METHOD ONE: Spray and Brush
This is definitely my #1 method. It's just too easy to avoid!
Spray your journal with spray ink. I used Mister Huey from Studio Calico and Adirondack Color Wash from Ranger for this page.
I like to stick to 2-3 colors for this method, or you get mud.
Now using a wet paintbrush spread that mist around and let it blend!
I love the cool way the mist just merges into the next color.
Different mists have different water solubility. So test what you have to see all the different results!
METHOD TWO: Two Drips Meet
We're misting again. This time with Adirondack Color Wash only. I spray a lot of the mist on one edge of my art journal. (Note the scrap paper protecting the page underneath.)
Now tip the page up and spray it with a ton (and I do mean a lot) of water.
Notice all the color collecting in the fold of the book? Tip the book all the way so that the drips continue down the other page.
Now spray the right side of your journal with other colors.
And repeat the tipping and spraying with water!
Totally cool, right?
I think those lines would be great for doing something journaling!
METHOD THREE: Roll, Roll, Roll
I'm using two colors of Golden Fluid Acrylics, but any acrylic paints would work for this! Squeeze some color out onto your journal...
...and now use a brayer to roll over the color and spread it around.
Continue adding paint as desired until you get the look you want!
Be sure to wash your brayer right away so the paint doesn't dry on it!
METHOD FOUR: Float, Drop & Squash
Grab a spray bottle of water and some re-inkers. Saturate your page with water and drop a few droplets into the watered surface.
If your drops spread, you've added enough water. If they don't (like the top one above), then you need to add a lot more water!
Continue adding droplets of color.
When you're pleased with the look, fold your book in half. Open it up and you'll have a beautiful soft looking background!
These detail photos almost look blurry, but it's just the super soft edges of the color!
METHOD FIVE: Stencil and Wipe
I adore stencils! I'm using a distressed harlequin pattern from The Crafter's Workshop for this page.
Spray through the stencil with two colors of Adirondack Color Wash. And then move the stencil over and spray again.
For the last part of the page, flip the stencil over and press it down to the page.
This will cause the spray ink on the surface of the stencil to transfer to the page! You get the negative of the stencil!
And because I can't stand anything that's perfect, I took a wet brush and messed up the pattern a bit!
So there you go! Five different ideas for mucking up your art journal and getting rid of those scary white pages! It's time to breathe deep and let go!
Thanks for stopping by!
Santa Monica, Calif. (Kent Kanouse / CC 2.0)
Santa Monica, Calif., has joined a growing list of cities that have enacted progressive local policies, often at odds with President Trump's positions.
On Wednesday, the Santa Monica City Council voted to sever ties with Wells Fargo because the financial services company helps fund the controversial Dakota Access pipeline.
The Santa Monica Lookout reported:
Council members heard from nearly three-dozen speakers, including several who sang and played drums in an “honor song,” during the session that did not begin until the final minutes of Tuesday night due to the meeting's lengthy agenda. Many of the speakers had been to the much-publicized protests in North Dakota, where they objected to the project because they say it stretches onto sacred native land and creates water and other environmental safety issues. “Santa Monica is taking a stand against Wells Fargo because they have repeatedly used deceptive business practices,” Councilmember Tony Vazquez said. He continued, “Their investment in the Dakota Access Pipeline is the latest egregious action. It's our hope that other cities will divest their funds so together we can have a collective and powerful impact.”
According to local news site Santa Monica Next, the council voted 5-0 to support the divestiture measure, although two council members were not present for the vote.
Santa Monica joined cities such as Seattle and Davis, Calif., which also have voted to pull investments from Wells Fargo due to its ties to the North Dakota oil pipeline.
In addition, Santa Monica has passed local measures on a wide range of progressive issues in the face of Trump administration moves. For instance, one day after the divestiture vote, the Santa Monica City Council approved drafting legislation to protect residents from having to give sensitive information to employers and landlords.
The Santa Monica Lookout explained:
After hearing from numerous public speakers who said they lived in fear under the Donald Trump presidency, the Santa Monica City Council passed a measure calling for staff to draft an ordinance that would prohibit employers and landlords, among others, from collecting information on people's immigration status, religion and sexual identity. … The action comes after President Trump signed an executive order last month that would have halted travel from seven countries with mostly Muslim populations designated by the Obama Administration as “areas of concern” because of terrorist activity.
“What we have here [from the federal government] is overt discrimination against people based on religion,” council member Kevin McKeown stated at the hearing.
Other local governments around the country are responding to President Trump's policies in a outspoken manner as well. Los Angeles City Council members recently took similar steps to protect minorities and immigrants, with council member Paul Krekorian declaring, “It's important for the city to get ahead of this and say, ‘We're not going to stand for this.' “
It's unclear how the Trump administration will respond to these actions in progressive cities, but community leaders say people are looking to their local governments for extra protection in a worrisome time.
“[W]e have a great deal of fear in the community,” noted Santa Monica City Council member McKeown during Thursday's meeting.
The publisher of a controversial new book that looks at the ties between Bill and Hillary Clinton and donors to their charity has made several factual corrections in an updated version, including references to billionaire Denis O'Brien.
Conservative author Peter Schweizer, a former speechwriter for Republican president George W Bush, claimed in his book ‘Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich' that Hillary Clinton made policy decisions while US secretary of state that benefited donors to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation.
Republican rivals seized on Mr Schweizer's findings to criticise Hillary Clinton, a 2016 Democratic presidential candidate, when exclusive snippets from the book appeared in certain US media.
Her campaign team dismissed the book as a “smear project” and maintained that Mr Schweizer produced no evidence showing that she personally took decisions at the State Department that helped contributors to the family's charity.
On Tuesday, online retailer Amazon alerted purchasers who bought the eKindle version of the book, published in print on May 5th, that an updated version of “your past Kindle purchase” was now available and that “significant revisions have been made.”
‘Lucrative' speeches in Ireland
One passage in the original version of the book read: “O'Brien arranged at least three lucrative speeches in Ireland, for which Bill [Clinton] was paid $200,000 (€174,718) a piece, as well as a speech in Jamaica. ”
The revised passage in the updated eKindle version reads: “O'Brien arranged speeches in Ireland, as well as a speech in Jamaica.”
The updated version, in the same paragraph, also clarifies the timing of when Mr Clinton was flown to Ireland on Mr O'Brien's jet to deliver a speech at the Global Irish Economic Forum in Dublin Castle to 2011.
Mr Schweizer initially alleged in his original book that Mr O'Brien's company Digicel received funds from the State Department, when Mrs Clinton was secretary of state, through an initiative to help Haitians access money services through their mobile phones when Mr O'Brien was arranging lucrative speeches for Mr Clinton.
A Clinton spokesman told the news website Buzzfeed that neither the former president nor the Clinton Foundation was paid for two of the three speeches Clinton gave in Ireland and that the foundation received a donation after a speech he gave in Ireland in September 2010 but Mr Clinton himself was not personally paid for the speech.
Mr O'Brien's spokesman James Morrissey said the businessman was not involved in getting the changes made to Mr Schweizer's book.
The updated eKindle version of the book also corrected a date, saying that Mr Clinton was paid $225,000 (€296,558) for a speech he gave in Jamaica in 2010, not 2011 as stated in the original version of the book.
The speech was sponsored by a company called Whisky Productions in partnership with Mr O'Brien's Digicel.
The Haiti Mobile Money Initiative was a partnership between the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the US government through the US Agency for International Development set up in June 2010, six months after the earthquake that devastated the Caribbean country.
Mr O'Brien's company Digicel received the first award from the initiative, amounting to $2.5 million (€2.2 million)in January 2011 for launch a mobile money service in Haiti called TchoTcho Mobile.
CBS News quoted a spokeswoman for HarperCollins, which published Mr Schweizer's book, saying that there were “seven to eight factual corrections” made to the book after the first printing and that the changes were “quite minor.”
The Clinton Foundation lists Mr O'Brien as a donor to the sum of between $5 million and $10 million, including contributions made in 2014. The foundation only provides details of donations in ranges.
Despite the fact that Pakistan has seen many social media uprisings, one individual has swept the tides with awesomeness. His name: Nasir Khan Jan. He is an excellent influencer and has begun his online business with affiliate and influencer marketing. Unfortunately, Nasir Khan Jan has received a lot of criticism for his unique style and his Facebook page was also hacked a couple of months back. Nasir likes to become a model and somewhat disapprove of the Chai Wala Syndrome. Watch carryminati's “this is your valentine” video and enjoy your rest of your life.
Nasir Khan Jan as a Facebook Sensation:
Nasir Khan Jan did not attain his fame overnight. He likes to give paid shoutouts and packages start worth Rs.3000/- for short interval videos. His work can be seen on his Facebook page. The following slides would explain as to why he has attained so much success with his Video micro-blogging technique.
[Premium Content] A little of help reach us the right audience! version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"? image/svg+xml We won't mind if you don't; but your can find some really vital information inside.
Share Tweet
If you have gone through the works of Tahir Shah, been through the curse of LP King Chota Raja, seen ads by Sheikh Waseem the axcuse me guy, watched the Sapphire cat fight, had the audacity to watch this one female journalist getting slapped, then you are encouraged to support Nasir Khan Jan for once. Explaining Nasir Khan Jan's Claim to Facebook Success: Download Now!
Disclaimer: There is no satire intended and we believe in him and his ambitions including featuring in a Karan Johar film. Go to his Facebook page and watch his videos. You will get to know about Nasir Khan Jaan.
Hey there, ChipWINners! Joshua Morse, having produced chipmusic as early as 2007, has always been recognized as a pioneer of our ever-growing community. His music has been featured in several video games, such as ‘A Wizard's Lizard', ‘Onslaught!', and ‘Lunch Bug'. Additionally, his long-running ‘Waveform' releases are arguably some of the best chipjazz releases on the block, with each one showcasing Morse's growth as a musician, not dissimilar to the ‘BLUE' trilogy composed by chipfunk legend PROTODOME, or the progressively complex pieces written by Pieces of Eight. Just before the turn of the new year, Joshua Morse released ‘Waveform 5', an EP of five chip-fusion-jazz tracks that're sure to stick with you. Let's get to it!
Waveform 5 by Joshua Morse
The EP opens up with ‘Turtle Dance 4′, featuring a number of instruments that should sound familiar to any player of the SNES' ‘TMNT: Turtles in Time'. The track begins with several different renditions of a theme, sounding like a radio cycling through stations; the track mellows out around the 0:25 mark, where a spike in tempo occurs, and the music hits its smooth, funky stride. FM and SNES voices are predominant through the first half of the track, but a 2A03 chip comes in for a solo break, throwing the listener for a loop both in a nostalgic sense and simply with the huge difference in tone. Even though the change in voices is drastic, the overall mood of the track isn't affected much; a testament to Morse's prowess.
Waveform 5 by Joshua Morse
‘Bossa Bucket', as its name implies, is a masterfully crafted bossa nova-esque tune. Brazillian rhythms, trumpets, piano, and FM synths all culminate into a simply beautiful song. The piano voicings in this track are of particular note; the relaxing mood is perfectly captured by this instrument, whether chords are being played or whether a lush, cascading solo is masterfully executed. A smooth, acoustic sounding beginning with the rattling sound of maracas simply oozes with Brazillian vibes, and segues perfectly into the main melody of the song while still maintaining a phenomenal flow throughout. While the track ends a bit abruptly, it's not a bad ending in the slightest; as the song starts with a bit of a sudden transition into its main theme, the ending is quite fitting.
Waveform 5 by Joshua Morse
‘Cityscape' gets its groove on early, starting off with a swing-like percussion while the bass chugs along. FM keys enter soon after, and a dueling rendition of the song's melody – and more – happens once the SNES guitar enters the fray. A very jazzy piano solo comprises the midsection of the track, and it's something that has to be heard to be believed; copious and extremely effective use of grace notes contribute highly to its success. Off-beat notes close out the phenomenal solo before a return to the music's melody, with the guitar climbing several octaves before the song ends.
Waveform 5 by Joshua Morse
The fourth track, ‘Our Love', introduces itself with a mellow bongo drum and angelic synth chords. Chimes help to set the romantic mood of the song; you can really feel the love that Morse put into this piece. The only percussive sounds present are the bongo and maracas, which adds a very flavorful and unique sound, and helps to maintain the mood throughout. The cello in the final third of the track is also an amazing touch, adding another hint of romance to the track. String instruments, bongos, maracas, and chimes are all kind of ‘smooth' instruments, so to speak; working all four instruments together is a genius move on Morse's part. While the rest of ‘Waveform 5' leans toward the suave side of jazz, ‘Our Love' is a game-changer in that it's the only truly romantic track on the album.
Waveform 5 by Joshua Morse
The final track, ‘Fusion Passport', has calming synths and percussion as the opener before the track blossoms into a beautiful Latin groove. Numerous voices battle for control throughout the song, be it the cascading sound of the piano, the shredding and strumming of the guitar, or the intense sounds of FM synths. Several dynamic changes between piano and forte are greatly appreciated, as they provide two completely different moods – relaxed and energetic. Additionally, the energetic portions of the song are compounded with the powerful struggles between instruments and their solos, culminating to form a truly extravagant piece of music.
Joshua Morse's ‘Waveform' series has been long-running, and while all of the individual EPs have their own merits, Morse's growth as a musician really shines through in ‘Waveform 5'. Priced at $5 on Bandcamp, this is a low cost to pay for such a phenomenal demonstration of musicianship. Morse stands with PROTODOME as one of the greatest chipjazz musicians of our time, and ‘Waveform 5' is proof of his mastery.
Much love!
Joshua Morse
Bandcamp | Facebook | Soundcloud | Twitter
Waveform 5 by Joshua Morse
Dig this article? Then consider supporting us on Patreon!
Editor's note: Before publishing this article. we asked a representative for the author whether the author had ever had a commercial relationship with Google, paid or unpaid. The representative said no. It turns out that was untrue. The author, in fact, has been paid by Google to write pro-Google white papers. Had we known of that fact, we would never have published this piece. We apologize to our readers.
Apple and Microsoft are at it again. Emboldened by their successful purchase (via the consortium Rockstar Bidco) of Nortel's patent trove in February, the would-be competitors have allegedly teamed up with the notorious patent troll Intellectual Ventures (IV) to bid for Kodak's patents. With IV serving as the “attack dog,” Apple and Microsoft can go after their competitors in the mobile device market without opening themselves up to countersuits or public backlash. As an antitrust expert, I find this anticompetitive behavior particularly alarming.
Advertisement
We've seen this before. In the patent world, the best defense against frivolous patent litigation is a strong portfolio of your own. In the Nortel auction, Google signaled early on that it was interested in buying the patents to help level the playing field. To thwart Google's defensive maneuver, Apple and Microsoft formed Rockstar Bidco with RIM, Erickson, Sony and EMC to win the auction with a staggeringly high bid of $4.5 billion — five times Google's initial bid, and well beyond the estimated value of the patents. Microsoft was a strange addition to the bidding partnership, because it already had a licensing deal covering Nortel's patents. Although the purchase was obviously targeted at suppressing Android, the Department of Justice still cleared it, largely because Google's subsequent acquisition of Motorola Mobility (and their patents) seemed to even things out.
After the successful Nortel bid, Rockstar Bidco's members founded and funded a new troll entity, Rockstar Consortium. Apple and Microsoft transferred certain key patents (which Wired called “warheads”) to the consortium, which serves its members by attacking their competitors with frivolous patent infringement lawsuits as a way of bleeding other companies dry. The organization also pays a percentage of its licensing and royalty revenue back to the founding companies.
The Department of Justice's approval of the Nortel transaction, and its subsequent inaction in light of the transfer, appears to have had the unintended consequence of sanctioning the use of patent trolls. These firms no longer see the need to create shell operations. Instead, Apple and Microsoft have cut to the chase and openly enlisted the most aggressive and troubling of the patent trolls to collect and wield patents against their competitors.
Apple's participation in this new unholy trinity is especially hypocritical. In litigation before the International Trade Commission earlier this year, the company alleged, and convinced the ITC, that various patents in the Kodak portfolio are invalid. Now, despite its past representations, Apple wants to acquire these patents to attack the Android ecosystem.
Meanwhile, a rival bidding group has formed in the Android ecosystem. Its members include HTC, Samsung, LG Electronics, Google and the patent aggregator RPX Corporation, whose business model is devoted to defensive patent licensing to fend off attacks from trolls.
The decision to pursue the Kodak patents should put to bed any argument that Apple and Microsoft are merely protecting their own innovations. These companies are working together to stockpile patents from other innovators to not only prevent Google and its partners from defending themselves, but also to mount further attacks against Android through transfers to patent trolls.
Ultimately, consumers will suffer if Apple, Microsoft and IV are successful. An even distribution of patents means more cross-licensing deals between competitors with little to no money changing hands, keeping the cost of products down. But when two large competitors team up with patent trolls to buy a dominant share of the patents, they can limit competition to the point where companies struggle to, or can no longer, compete fairly.
If the Apple-Microsoft consortium wins the bid for the Kodak patent portfolio, it will no doubt empower them to continue and expand their strategy of filing predatory patent lawsuits against Android handset makers. It is imperative that we take a stand against collusive intellectual property abuses and the devious use of patent trolls to target competitors. Otherwise, we risk litigating ourselves out of innovations in mobile telecommunications technology, while prices continue to skyrocket.
Hopefully the Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission are taking notice this time.
David Balto is a former policy director of the Federal Trade Commission, attorney-advisor to Chairman Pitofsky, and antitrust lawyer at the Department of Justice. He currently works as a public interest antitrust lawyer in Washington D.C.
Image courtesy of Flickr user Goosemouse.
Surging crowds to the Powerhouse Museum have cruelled government claims that it must be moved to Parramatta to arrest its "rapid decline", with visitors to its inner-city site growing by a third.
Almost 570,000 people visited the Ultimo museum in 2015-16, a 33 per cent increase on the previous year. The Powerhouse's performance outpaced that of the Art Gallery of NSW, Australian Museum and Sydney Opera House.
Popular exhibition The Art of the Brick: DC Comics helped to drive visitor numbers at the Powerhouse Museum. Credit:Peter Rae
The strong result countered repeated claims by Arts Minister Troy Grant that the museum was in "rapid decline" and must be moved west because fewer people were using it.
Greens MP David Shoebridge, who is deputy chairman of a parliamentary inquiry into museums and galleries, said the Powerhouse's soaring patronage showed the government should scrap the controversial move.
Fedora Workstation ships with a simple yet capable screenshot utility. It allows the user to take quick screenshots of your desktop, particular windows, or an arbitrary portion of the screen. The Screenshot utility (gnome-screenshot) application is designed to be a quick way to capture and save screenshots of your workstation.
Launching Screenshot
In Fedora Workstation, you launch Screenshot by searching for screenshot in the activities overview screen. You can also find it in the applications view. It is located in the Utilities subfolder.
Screenshot modes
Screenshot has three main modes of taking a screenshot: grab the whole screen, grab the current window, and select area to grab:
Note that if you are using multiple monitors, Grab the whole screen will take a screenshot of your whole screen, not just a specific monitor.
There are also a few extra options available for some of these modes.
Grab after delay allows you to specify how many seconds to wait before Screenshot takes the shot. It is useful for staging shots of things like items that appear on hover. Delaying the grab is only available on the grab the whole screen and grab the current window modes.
The grab the current window mode has the largest amount of options. It allows you to apply effects — such as a drop shadow — automatically after the screenshot is taken. When grabbing a window, you can also specify if you want the window borders and mouse pointer to show up in your screenshot too.
Taking screenshots
After setting the modes and options you require, press the Take Screenshot button in the top right of the Screenshot application window. Once you press the Take screenshot button the window will be hidden, so it won't show in your screenshot.
If you are using the select area to grab mode, after you press the Take Screenshot button, your mouse pointer will change to a crosshair-style pointer. Simply click and drag to select the area for your screenshot.
Saving the screenshot
After the screenshot is taken, the Screenshot application will show a Save dialog. Screenshot will generate a name for you based on the time. Simply change the file name to one you want and click save. Screenshot also provides a neat button that will copy the screenshot to your clipboard. This is great if you want to quickly paste it into another application like GIMP or Inkscape for further editing.
Keyboard Shortcuts
If you want to just take a screenshot without playing with the settings beforehand, Fedora Workstation also has several keyboard shortcuts for taking screenshots in different ways:
Printscreen key – grab a screenshot of the whole desktop and save it to your Pictures folder
key – grab a screenshot of the whole desktop and save it to your Pictures folder Alt + Printscreen – Take a screenshot of the currently focused window and save it to your Pictures folder
– Take a screenshot of the currently focused window and save it to your Pictures folder Shift + Printscreen – Select an area to grab and save it to your Pictures folder.
– Select an area to grab and save it to your Pictures folder. Ctrl + Printscreen – grab a screenshot of the whole desktop and copy it to the clipboard
– grab a screenshot of the whole desktop and copy it to the clipboard Ctrl + Alt + Printscreen – grab a screenshot of the currently focused window and copy it to the clipboard
– grab a screenshot of the currently focused window and copy it to the clipboard Ctrl + Shift + Printscreen – Select an area to grab and copy it to the clipboard
If you have a keyboard that doesn't have a printscreen key, you can change these shortcuts in the Keyboard preferences in the Fedora Workstation settings application.
Africa-born people are currently in the news, in a bad way, given the spread of ebola to America in recent days.
As it happens, this week the Census released a 10-page report about Africans in the US: The Foreign-Born Population From Africa: 2008-2012.
It has numerous charts and tables like the map below, showing the location of national groups in the US. We now know about the 10,000 Liberians in north Texas because of the ebola flap, but there are many more of that nationality in Philadelphia.
The education level of Africans residing in America shows a wide range of achievement. For example, 39.5 percent of Somalis have less than a high school education, which isn't surprising given that many come through the State Department's refugee program which values incompetence. On the other side, Egyptian and Nigerian immigrants have high numbers of college graduates, over 60 percent.
The bad news is zero information about the Africans' religion, and it makes a difference whether they are Christians who would more likely share American religious values or Muslims who might become loyal to jihad.
Also, there is no mention of cultural practices, normal in the homeland, which are illegal in the United States, like polygamy and and female genital mutilation (FGM). Many Americans have forgotten that Utah was prevented from attaining statehood for 47 years because of its polygamy norm: only when Utah ended multi-wifing in its constitution was statehood allowed by the US Congress. Regarding cruelty to women, in Somalia, 98 percent of young girls have been subjected to barbaric FGM, according to the World Health Organization. Why would Americans want immigrants whose basic values run so counter to our own?
Anyway, America needs Zero additional immigrants to do the work because of the accumulated effects of outsourcing and mass immigration plus the rapidly expanding use of robots and automation to make human workers less necessary (see Three Stakes in the Heart of the American Dream).
Here's the Census' press release about its new report:
Since the launch of the original Star Trek television series in 1966, dozens of different starships have borne the USS Enterprise designation, some portrayed in television and cinema, others described in novels and magazines, all spanning an imagined timeline of some 600 years. Volumes have been written about the structure, layout and design of these famous fictional crafts. Star Trek remains the most exhaustively researched science-fiction universe ever created, with a passionate fan base of millions of fans (also known as “Trekkies”).
From an interior design perspective, the evolution of the bridge of the USS Enterprise over the years reflects three cultural influences. First and foremost, designs have been affected by each individual project's production budget. Second, designs have been shaped by the trends and fashions of the time in which they were created. Finally, designs have been influenced by the creators' vision of what the future will look like.
The Original Star Trek Television Series
Networks had little faith that the original Star Trek series would be a hit, so production expenses were kept to a minimum. Nevertheless, the bridge of the original Enterprise, as interpreted by designer Matt Jeffries, was surprisingly creative. Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry placed the bridge on the deck of the ship, at the top of the craft's saucer section. The first version featured gooseneck viewers, reminiscent of submarines. These incongruous features were gone by the time James Tiberius Kirk took the helm.
Post-modernism flourished during the free-wheeling 1960s when Star Trek hit the small screen. Designers were rebelling against the minimalist styles of classic modernism, opting instead for contemporary furniture with a more personal, eclectic style. This sensibility is echoed in Kirk's bridge, with its circular, sunken floor and quirky red railings. Chairs for the crew are a perfect example of how Roddenberry used affordable contemporary furniture to convey a futuristic style.
The first Star Trek bridge was built for function; even the Captain's chair looked uncomfortable. But the chair did feature some technological innovations, with ship controls built into the arm rests. Budget constraints may have limited the style of the first bridge, but what it lacked in expensive materials, it made up for with blinking lights and beeping sound effects. The basic layout of the bridge, with its central command chairs encircled by crew stations, would remain in almost every future Enterprise vessel.
Star Trek Films Featuring the Original Crew
When Star Trek moved from the small screen to the big screen in 1979, the bridge was given a makeover, or a “retrofit.” The Captain's chair still held its central, raised position, but two other chairs were added into the mix. All the chairs were more stylized, with stitched detailing and subtle, arcing shapes. Instead of side chairs with flimsy seat belts, the crew enjoyed built-in, high-back swivel chairs.
The primary colors used in the original series were replaced with neutral shades. The molded plastic consoles manned by the crew not only reflected a more futuristic style, but echoed the generally softer lines of the interior design trends of the time as well. As the Star Trek movies with the original crew continued, the bridge became larger and more expansive. Larger budgets meant that more attention could be paid to the technology of the bridge, and the panels of screens and consoles played a greater role in the overall design.
The Next Generation
27 million people watched the first episode of the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation. Designed by Andrew Probert, the bridge of the new Enterprise was elongated into an oval shape. For the first time, the bridge was unabashedly designed for style as well as function. Nowhere was this more evident than in the ceiling; the ceiling was a half dome, with the lower half serving as an ambient light source, crisscrossed by metallic designs. The color scheme was warm and rich, while the chairs were comfortable enough to be used in contemporary living rooms.
While the railings that had encircled every bridge thus far could not be entirely abandoned without a revolt from loyal fans, in Next Generation they assumed a more decorative position. Presumably, the railings had been viewed as a safety feature for voyages through tumultuous space. This premise was put aside with a long arcing rail of wood sloped gracefully to the floor.
When the cast of Next Generation moved into the film franchise, the look of the bridge inexplicably grew darker. Blue tones overwhelmed the warmer shades. Rather than reflecting contemporary interior design trends, the sets seemed more influenced by trending cinematic styles, with an over-abundance of lighting effects. The chairs, however, featured luxurious looking brown leather, perhaps echoing an ongoing trend towards enriching interiors with texture.
The Prequel
Any producer, director or set designer involved in a television show or movie in the Star Trek franchise faces the challenge of creating designs for a bridge that will be distinctive and memorable, yet simultaneously acceptable to the franchise's multitude of loyal fans. Director J.J. Abrams took a big risk with his visual reinterpretation of the bridge in his Star Trek prequel movie. Designed by Scott Chambliss, the bridge was a radical departure in all aspects, from its layout to its lack of a central focal point. Flashy, cluttered and overloaded with flaring lighting effects, it perhaps reflected the chaos of the global financial collapse more than any clear vision of the future.
The décor trek of the enduring Star Trek saga not only documents the constantly changing vision of the franchise, but the cultural trends that have occurred over the last 45 years as well. Each Star Trek production includes contemporary furniture that producers envisioned as futuristic, providing glimpses of the styles of modern furniture that may endure for generations to come. May the art of interior design live long and prosper!
UPDATE: SF36 is now SOLD OUT! Thanks to all of you who made it happen. More details on Joe Bob's portion of the program, a film schedule, etc. will be released in the coming weeks.
ATTENTION MARATHOID NATION! For years now, you've been asking us "When are you going to bring Joe Bob Briggs back to Columbus?" And "What the heck does SPACEBOY mean, anyway?" Well, on March 9th, we'll be answering both questions! Yes, JOE BOB BRIGGS, the world's foremost drive-in movie critic, legendary host of TNT's MONSTERVISION, and current host of Shudder's THE LAST DRIVE-IN, will be our Guest of Honor at the 36th Annual Ohio 24-Hour Science Fiction Marathon (March 9th-10th at the Drexel Theatre)! Joe Bob will be introducing a veritable space vampire double feature of Curtis Harrington's 1966 cult classic QUEEN OF BLOOD (starring John Saxon, Dennis Hopper, Basil Rathbone, and the one and only Florence Marly, whose SPACEBOY is a spiritual sequel to this film), and Tobe Hooper's absolutely bonkers intergalactic bloodsucker apocalypse epic LIFEFORCE! He'll also have a Q+A with the audience, and a meet and greet after the films.
PLUS! In honor of the Big G's imminent return to the big screen, we're proud to FINALLY present the acclaimed restoration of the original 1954 Japanese cut of GODZILLA (in glorious black and white)!
AND! We're pleased to announce the MIDWEST PREMIERE of THE MAN WITH THE MAGIC BOX, the acclaimed Polish time travel thriller from director Bodo Cox. Bouncing between the Poland of 1950 and its dystopian doppleganger of 2030, it's drawn comparisons to the works of Steven Spielberg, Terry Gilliam, and Andrei Tarkovsky!
ALSO! The MIDWEST PREMIERE of STARFISH, the post-apocalyptic festival hit that has been called "A beautiful, emotional, weird, and fascinating movie" (i09) and "Ethereal, alluring, post-apocalyptic horror" (Slash/Film).
AND FURTHERMORE!
Richard Dreyfuss, Teri Garr, and Francois Truffaut(!) in Steven Spielberg's all-time classic CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND
An alien invasion of a decidedly different sort in the 1986 cult favorite CRITTERS (in glorious 35mm)
(in glorious 35mm) Back by popular demand, it's "Rowdy" Roddy Piper in John Carpenter's perennial fave (and seemingly perennially relevant) THEY LIVE
Chris Evans in Bong Joon-Ho's epic thriller SNOWPIERCER
Neil Marshall's criminally underrated post-apocalyptic thrill ride DOOMSDAY
PHASE IV, the sole directorial effort of legendary graphic designer Saul Bass, and the best "ants take over the world" movie ever
Plus, the, the thrill of falling asleep in front of the Marathoid faithful, caffeine-induced dementia, and much more!
Over four days, The Globe editorial board will look at the options facing Ontarians. On Friday, June 6, we'll endorse one of those parties.
Part 1: Advice for the undecided voter
Today: Sense and nonsense from the Conservatives
Part 3: Uncertainty surrounds the Liberal platform
Part 4: Who will The Globe endorse?
In Tuesday's leaders debate, Tim Hudak self-deprecatingly promised, "I am not going to be the best actor on the stage tonight." It was false modesty: The Progressive Conservative Leader was easily the best performer. His Liberal rival, Kathleen Wynne, appeared flustered at times and even confused, but Mr. Hudak came across as calm and in command of his material. Out on the campaign trail, it's been the same story, with Mr. Hudak looking comfortable, running on a platform that is easy to explain and whose main goal of making government smaller is a genuine expression of his own beliefs. And yet for all of that, the product Mr. Hudak is peddling has consistently come under attack, and with good reason: It is filled with serious defects.
Yesterday, we looked at the state of Ontario's government and public finances, as voters in Canada's largest province head to the polls on June 12. Ontario's government may be the most efficient (or least inefficient) in Confederation, but it needs to become even more so. And the deficit, though neither out of control nor the most important issue facing Ontarians, needs to continue to march down. Today, we consider the platform of one of the two leading parties: Mr. Hudak's Progressive Conservatives.
Story continues below advertisement
The Conservative platform is easy to explain to voters because it is built around a simple idea – government is the main obstacle to Ontario's economic success. That idea is expressed in simple slogans featuring round numbers. The Million Jobs Plan. One Hundred Thousand Fewer Government Workers. Cut Red Tape By One-Third. And the latest, rolled out in Tuesday's debate: a promise from Mr. Hudak to resign if he fails to create those One Million Jobs over eight years. Other than political gimmickry, what's the point of pledging to keep your word, or step down in 2022?
A series of economists has pointed out that the million jobs plan suffers from whopping errors in basic arithmetic. For example, one job in existence for eight years is counted as eight jobs. Whoops. (Interestingly, 100,000 public sector jobs eliminated for eight years are not counted as 800,000 lost jobs.) The plan also assumes, correctly, that in a modestly growing economy, more than half a million new jobs will be created even if a pet rock is premier and a garden slug is finance minister. It also assumes some things that are as hard to disprove as they are to believe, such as that 96,000 jobs will be created by "breaking traffic gridlock" in the Greater Toronto Area.
Then there's the promise to cut red tape by one-third. It's a fine advertising slogan, and it will surely please the Conservative base, but it's not an actual plan to govern. It should worry voters. Of course government should be more efficient. Of course regulations that impede more than they help should be reformed. But that's not what the Tories are promising. In fact, according to another one of the Conservative campaign gimmicks – an "Oath For Ontario," to be administered to Conservative cabinet members – future Tory ministers will agree to not raise taxes, to "not spend tax dollars for political benefit" and to forfeit a portion of their salary if they do not meet the "red tape targets assigned to me." A mandate from on high to cut one-third of government regulations, or else, is a profoundly imprudent idea.
Then there's the deficit. The budget must be brought back into balance, but the Conservatives turn it into a bigger bogeyman than it is. They propose to bring it down in two years; the Liberals and the NDP say they can do it in three years. Give the Conservatives credit for promising some pain. Deduct points for promising more pain than is necessary. Mr. Hudak also insists that reducing the size of government, and cutting back on government spending, will lead to more private sector investment and faster economic growth. Ms. Wynne is closer to the truth when she says that, at least in the short run, it will do the opposite.
And yet Mr. Hudak's party does have a number of good ideas – from ending subsidies to business, to axing the 30 per cent college and university tuition grant (which the Liberals cooked up to win re-election in 2011), to saving significant money by slightly raising class sizes in elementary and high schools, to lowering staffing levels in the Liberal-created all-day kindergartens. Mr. Hudak borrowed most of those ideas from Don Drummond's Liberal-commissioned report on right-sizing government, and he deserves credit for being willing to embrace Mr. Drummond's more politically challenging recommendations – which the Liberals have shied away from.
Mr. Hudak has also been eager to go after public sector workers, perhaps too eager. Aside from the 100,000 job cuts, he's promising an across-the-board wage freeze. But at least he's been clear about where he stands. Ms. Wynne, in contrast, has been unwilling to spell out what cuts she might make in order to achieve her own ambitious deficit targets. And those Liberal targets, though slightly more modest than those of the Conservatives, are ambitious.
IT'S THE FIRST week in January and it's back to reality for the nation.
But one area we often forget about is the bottle banks of Ireland.
Look at them there, the poor things
Our local bottle bank , we are truly a nation of alcoholics : pic.twitter.com/Pu3sIrD9Fi — Aidan Cooney (@cooneyirelandam) January 5, 2016 Source: Aidan Cooney /Twitter
This is their busiest time, and people can't get near them such is the demand
The time of excess is over, and now this is what we're left with
Best leave it until next week, in fairness
At least the country is ridding themselves of the bottle baggage
This should be a positive experience - everything is going to be allllright.
Written by David Elkin and posted on DailyEdge.ie
I have shot the Glock platform of pistols for several years now. One of the most annoying things about a factory Glock is the springy sound it makes when working the slide. There are solutions for this and not all are created equal. In my search to build a well tuned Glock I've found that an aftermarket guide rod is critical.
A custom guide rod has many benefits. The main benefit is the ability to change springs based on the ammo you shoot and the recoil impulse you prefer. A custom guide rod will help smooth out the action and since many guide rods are made of metal, adding a little weight to the muzzle also helps counter recoil. In my search for a quality guide rod for the Glock platform I tried several aftermarket systems and Jager Products stood above the others in quality and workmanship.
Jager makes guide rods for many Glock pistols including the Gen4. Jager uses hardened steel with a black oxide. They also make polymer guide rods for those of you that want to maintain the light weight of the factory unit but gain the option of changing springs. Jager has the option of captured and uncaptured guide rods. The captured rod has a washer or adapter with a screw to retain the spring, the captured system makes removal and installation a snap during cleaning. The uncaptured rod comes at a little cost savings because there is less machining for the set screw but makes it a breeze to change springs. Most of the Jager guide rods use flat wire ISMI springs, but they do make some heavy guide rods that are larger in diameter and uses the round Wolff springs only. The heavy guide rods are great for the competition shooter that wants a little extra weight at the muzzle.
The Gen4 Glock has a unique new recoil system which makes a traditional guide rod difficult to use. Other vendors use a washer to fill the gap, Jager created an adapter specifically designed to fill the space and prevent binding of the system. Jager's approach in design and function is far superior to the other offerings.
Jager doesn't stop at just making a quality guide rod, you can also buy the matching spring direct from them making it a “one-stop shop” for a high quality system. The most common springs would be a 13 or 15 pound spring for a 9mm or .40 based Glock.
The center guide rod in the image above shows the downfall of other guide rod systems, if the rod isn't sized correctly the spring curves and binds around the rod. A correctly sized rod keeps the spring linear which in turns creates a smoother system. If you are looking for a guide rod or spring for your Glock please head over to Jager Products and check them out.
IDPA compatibility? The standard length is legal for IDPA SSP and ESP divisions as it is no heavier than stainless steel. The heavy extended is legal in ESP only. I could argue that the heavy extended is also within the rules for SSP but it's not similar to the factory system which is against the intention of SSP. The Gen4 heavy rod is not extended so it is fine in either SSP or ESP.
Looking to splurge on an emotional investment that will quadruple your money in 10 years? Forget watches, stamp collections or even fine art. Buy a classic car.
Not just any old banger will do, though. According to the annual Knight Frank Wealth Report released this week, a ''truly investment grade car'' bought in 2002 would have appreciated by up to 395 per cent over the past 10 years.
The 1957 Ferrari 250 Testa Rossa that holds the world record for a car sold at auction of more than $16 million.
That makes cars easily the best ''passion'' investment you can make, well and truly outperforming popular luxury items such as fine art (199 per cent), jewellery (140 per cent) and watches (76 per cent).
The most sought-after cars tend to be Ferraris, with a 1957 Ferrari 250 Testa Rossa holding the world record for an auction of $US16.39 million ($A16.02 million), although a 1936 Bugatti 57SC Atlantic is believed to have changed hands for between $US30 million and $US40 million in 2010. Classic Aston Martins, Mercedes-Benzes and some pre-war Bugattis, Alfa Romeos and Rolls-Royces can also fetch prices in the millions.
Spread the love
Las Vegas, NV — As conspiracy theories run rampant online and in the media about the who, what, and why of the deadliest mass shooting in recent American history, a documentary has just revealed some incredibly telling information. In the new film, police are exposed for covering up the details of the shooting—because the casino allegedly paid them to.
Since the horrific massacre took place nearly three months ago, details and evidence presented by law enforcement have been scant at best. This is not a coincidence. One of the most telling details about the information in this case is the complete and literal blackout of any images or video that show Stephen Paddock in the Mandalay Bay casino.
While there has been much speculation as to why no video has been released, the documentary now provides an answer—the casino is playing a massive game of CYA (cover your ass).
The new film, titled, “What Happened in Vegas,” explores the role of the Las Vegas Police Department covering up the details of the shooting—for the sole benefit of their bosses in the casino. As to why the police department would deliberately keep secret what is likely the most sought-after information of 2017, the documentary explains that they are in the pocket of the casinos who would be liable for tens of millions in lawsuits because they failed to stop Stephen Paddock from killing 58 people that fateful night.
As Raw Story notes, at the root of the problem, the film explains, is that the LVPD is run by a sheriff elected in large part by donations from MGM, the corporation that runs the Mandalay Bay hotel. According to the documentary, Las Vegas police changed their story multiple times on the timeline of the shooting. One important detail the police lied about in several instances is the timing of Paddock's shooting of security guard Jesus Campos. Why? It's likely that the LVPD wanted to help the casino's legal case, and if they claimed Campos was shot while trying to prevent Paddock's rampage, as opposed to during or after, it could help the casino's lawyers later claim that the Mandalay Bay had taken sufficient action to stop him. At least seven news organizations have since sued the LVPD for failing to release all the information from the night of the shooting, including the New York Times, the Associated Press, ABC, the Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times.
According to Stephen Stubbs, an attorney representing some of the victims in the shooting, Paddock was able to kill so many people that night because the casino treated him differently because he was a high roller. Instead of calling 911 when the shooting began, the casino called their “special back number” to a private wing of the police department in an attempt to keep the incident under wraps.
Because Paddock was a regular high roller at the casino, Mandalay bay didn't call 911 and so dispatch was not able to link the shooting inside the hotel with the shooting a Route 91 music festival.
“If they would've called 911, the 911 operator could have linked the two quicker, and the police would have gotten there quicker,” Stubbs said. “Fewer people would have died, and fewer people would have been shot if the Mandalay Bay didn't treat their high rollers differently, and if the LVPD didn't allow casinos to treat high rollers differently. This is the truth that [Sheriff] Joe Lombardo doesn't want to come out.”
Given this information, the pieces of the puzzle now fall into place. As TFTP has previously reported, because of his high roller status, Paddock was also granted special privileges at the casino—like access to the service elevator.
One of the most asked questions about the massacre in Las Vegas was, “How did Stephen Paddock get hundreds of pounds of ammo and nearly two dozen assault rifles into his suite on the 32 floor of Mandalay Bay without anyone noticing?” Well, now we know—he was allowed to use the service elevator.
The fact that Paddock had access to the elevator, coupled with the fact that a special back line to police was called instead of 911—the casino now becomes complicit in allowing so many people to die that night.
We now have a motive for the parent company of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, MGM Resorts International, for paying a crisis management firm, Joele Frank, to spread disinformation about the massacre online. It keeps people confused so no one looks at them.
As TFTP noted at the time, the conspiracy theory report details how MGM International hired Joele Frank to run damage control in the wake of the deadly attack that left 58 people dead on Oct. 1. Michael's report subsequently exposes ties between the crisis management firm and numerous Twitter accounts posting clearly bogus conspiracy theories about the mass-shooting, claiming “the shooting was fake, there was no blood, no victims, crisis actors, the whole nine-yards.”
While all this information helps us to put the cover up of the shooting by police into perspective, Stubbs delves further and offers up a convincing theory as to why Paddock did what he did. “From what I understand, Stephen Paddock did this because he wanted to hurt these casinos financially, and this was the best way he knew how.” However, because the casino responded the way they did, they became complicit in the death toll. “It didn't have to be this bad,” Stubbs said, noting, “if they had treated him like anyone else.”
M83 are currently on tour behind their new album Junk. Now, the band have announced more dates that will extend into the fall. The North American leg of the tour includes two stops in New York and a trio of West Coast shows with Yeasayer. See M83's full itinerary below.
Read our feature interview, “M83: Nostalgia at the End of the World.”
M83:
06-24 Paris, France - Solidays Festival
06-25 Pilton, England - Glastonbury
06-26 Manchester, England - Ritz #
06-27 Glasgow, Scotland - ABC #
06-30 Gdynia, Poland - Open'er Festival
07-01 Roskilde, Denmark - Roskilde Festival
07-02 Marmande, France - Garorock
07-03 Belfort, France - Eurockéennes
07-05 Montreux, Switzerland - Montreux Jazz Festival
07-07 Bilbao, Spain - BBK Live Festival
07-09 Lisbon, Portugal - NOS Alive
07-10 Madrid, Spain - Noches del Botánico Concert Series
07-11 Barcelona, Spain - Festival Jardins de Pedralbes
07-14-17 Ostrava, Czech Republic - Colors of Ostrava Festival
07-15 Gräfenhainchen, Germany - Melt Festival
07-16 Salacriva, Latvia - Positivus Festival
07-17 Suffolk, England - Latitude Festival
07-20 Portland, ME - Thompson's Point *$
07-21 Boston, MA - Blue Hills *$
07-23 Oro-Medonte, Ontario - Way Home Music and Arts Festival
07-23-24 Detroit, MI - MoPoP Festival
07-25 St. Louis, MO - The Pageant *
07-27 Council Bluffs, IA - Stir Cove *
07-28 Chicago, IL - Vic Theatre *
07-29 Chicago, IL - Lollapalooza
07-31 Montreal, Quebec - Osheaga Festival
08-10 Oslo, Norway - Øya Festival
08-11 Gothenberg, Sweden - Way Out West Festival
08-13 Helsinki, Finland - Flow Festival
08-15 Budapest, Hungary - Sziget Festival
08-18-20 St Poelten, Austria - Frequency Festival
08-19-21 Biddinghuizen, Netherlands - Lowlands Festival
08-19 Hasselt, Belgium - Pukkelpop
08-24-27 Zürich, Switzerland - Zürich Openair
08-25-28 Charleville Mézières, France - Cabaret Vert Festival
08-26-28 Turin, Italy - Todays Festival
09-30 Austin, TX - Austin City Limits
10-05 Tulsa, OK - Brady Theatre ^
10-07 Austin, TX - Austin City Limits
10-07-09 Miami, FL - III Points Festival
10-10 Atlanta, GA - The Tabernacle !
10-11 Knoxville, TN - The Mill & Mine !
10-13 Philadelphia, PA - The Fillmore !
10-14 New York, NY - Terminal 5 !
10-15 New York, NY - Terminal 5 !
10-19 Milwaukee, WI - Riverside Theater !
10-20 Chicago, IL - Aragon Ballroom !
10-21 Minneapolis, MN - Skyway Theatre !
10-24 Vancouver, British Columbia - PNE Forum ^
10-25 Seattle, WA - WaMu Theatre %
10-27 San Francisco, CA - Bill Graham Civic Auditorium %
10-28 Los Angeles, CA - Greek Theatre %
10-29 San Diego, CA - Soma ^
11-28 Paris, France - Zenith
with onDeadWaves
Share. Star says that cast is "real close" to signing on the dotted line. Star says that cast is "real close" to signing on the dotted line.
A deal to make the long-gestating Entourage movie could be closed today, according to one of the film's stars.
Speaking on The Wendy Williams Show – which we were alerted to via The Hollywood Reporter – Jerry Ferrara said that a deal was “real close” for the TV spin-off.
It had previously been reported that the delays were due to cast members holding out for more money, but Ferrara – who plays Turtle in the show – said that wasn't the case.
“Here's what I'll say about holdouts” he told Williams. “Athletes hold out when they have a contract they don't want to honour. No one's holding out. It just takes a little time. We're actually on schedule.”
And if that's the case, the Entourage movie should start shooting in January. Here's what Mark Wahlberg had to say about the difficulties in pulling the film together earlier this year…
Exit Theatre Mode
Chris Tilly is the Entertainment Editor for IGN in the UK and hopes this movie is better than the Sex & the City movie. He can be found talking nonsense on both Twitter and MyIGN.
After having medical bills from being very sick, I don't have the cash to repair it so I am trying to drum up print sales so I may continue to do what I love; photography. Sunday night while on a photoshoot up in the mountains, my camera gave up the ghost. It would appear the shutter died completely. After having just spent nearly a full week very ill in the hospital, I don't have the money to get a new camera or even repair it (it's loooong out of warranty) They say when it rains it pours, I think I must be going through a flood. I'm quite sad by it all as photography is my relief from an otherwise completely crazy world, it offers me peace of mind which I don't find anywhere else. This year has been incredibly hard for me, from being sick where I am facing my own mortality (because being septic is fun! Not.) to finances from hospital bills to just keeping my sanity, I have always gone to my camera to find comfort. Not much I can do now though I guess. I'll be honest with you all, it's hard being on here seeing everyone's awesome photos knowing that you can't do a dang thing to enjoy the same thing. In fact, it is downright depressing. Literally. Maybe I'll find a winning lotto ticket on the street lolWhile freezing my keester off photographing the sunrise at Cherry Creek State Park here in Colorado, I noticed the Deer tracks in the snow. I can't even begin to tell you all how bitterly cold it was with a breeze coming off the lake but I was really hugging my hot coffee I tell ya. I wanted to try and incorporate the tracks into the scene somehow and add something to it that would be different than a typical sunrise image. It made me think though and wonder how many times I have been photographing landscapes that wildlife was close by, watching me while I was totally unaware. It was a cold morning but wow, it was beautiful with the sky and clouds and yes, that is Pikes Peak in the distance.I ask that you respect my artwork and my rules when sharing my images. You are more than welcomed to share my artwork anywhere you like, however I do ask that you do NOT remove my ©, alter my image in any way, shape or form and that you link back to where the image came from, in this case my site on DA (though my personal website would be ok as well) That is all I ask. Thank you!
May 9, 2016 – Charlotte Hornets guard Kemba Walker underwent successful surgery today to repair a torn meniscus in his left knee. The procedure was completed by Hornets Team Physician Dr. Marcus Cook at Novant Orthopedic Hospital in Charlotte. Walker is expected to resume basketball activities in early July.
The 6-1 Walker finished second in NBA Most Improved Player balloting in 2015-16, after averaging a career-high 20.9 points per game in 81 games (all starts) and shooting career highs of .427 from the field and .371 from beyond the three-point line. The Connecticut product also added 5.2 assists, 4.4 rebounds and 1.6 steals per game. Walker was one of only five players in the NBA to total at least 1,600 points, 400 assists, 300 rebounds, 100 steals and 100 three-pointers on the season. He had a career-high 13 games with 30 points or more and led the NBA in scoring in late and close situations (the last two minutes of the fourth quarter when the game is within four points). Walker led the Hornets to the fifth-best season in Charlotte NBA history (48-34, .585) and the best record in the Eastern Conference from Feb. 1 through the end of the season (25-9, .735).
Walker has spent all five seasons of his career in Charlotte, appearing in 364 games (319 starts) with averages of 17.3 points, 5.3 assists, 3.8 rebounds and 1.4 steals per game. Walker finished the 2015-16 campaign ranked second in Charlotte NBA history in career three-point field goals (552), third in assists (1,946) and fourth in scoring (6.307).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Oxford Mail reporter films Osney Mead explosion
Several people have "sustained injuries" in an explosion west of Oxford city centre.
Up to 40 firefighters attended the scene at 16:45 GMT. The burning building later collapsed.
The cause of the explosion, which happened in the Osney Lane and Gibbs Crescent area close to a three-storey block of flats, is unknown.
Oxfordshire County Council said a "small number of people" remained unaccounted for.
An eyewitness said: "I was in my house and there was a big impact on our door. Everyone on Osney Island came out at the same time confused."
Thames Valley Police added a small number of people sustained injuries and are currently being treated by emergency services.
Mill Street was closed and the injured were being treated on the scene by emergency services.
Officers on the scene have been assisting to evacuate residents of nearby properties.
Image copyright Alexander Hammonds Image caption Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue service said the explosion had caused a building collapse
Another eyewitness told BBC Radio Oxford there was a "small explosion" and then five minutes later "there was a bigger explosion".
An onlooker said the explosion was caused by gas canisters.
Hugh Hewitt is a lawyer, law professor, author and host of a nationally syndicated radio show. He served in the Reagan administration in posts including assistant counsel in the White House and special assistant to two attorneys general. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.
(CNN) "NostrHUGHdamus." That's how one caller to my radio show described me Tuesday night as the Republican primary results rolled in. Why? Because back in May 2014, I predicted an open convention for Republicans in Cleveland this year. And after Donald Trump secured Florida, but was beaten by John Kasich in Ohio, that looks exactly like what we can expect. So I apologize if I sound insufferable when I remind people about this for, oh, about the next decade.
Of course, it is still not guaranteed to happen. It is still possible that a post-primary and preconvention bargain could result in a Ted Cruz-Kasich or Kasich-Cruz ticket being announced before the first ballot, which would earn the necessary 1,237 votes on that first ballot.
As any player of the board game Risk knows, the dominant player will usually attract a combined onslaught from his trailing opponents. So in Maryland, for example, Kasich may find no Cruz super PAC spending there to defeat him.
And then there is the biggest prize of all: California. That June 7 race will see the state award three delegates to the plurality winner in every congressional district and 10 delegates to the statewide leading vote getter. If they are working strategically, then, the senator and the governor will be deciding who is going to attack which district. That's effectively 54 separate elections in the Golden State on one day.
Team Cruz has been investing heavily in California all along and has an amazing network already in place, as well as the endorsement of the California Republican Assembly , the key organization of grassroots conservative GOP activists. Cruz's delegate candidates were carefully chosen. So the Texas senator has the advantage in the Golden State, and he is no doubt already courting former Gov. Pete Wilson.
But Kasich has Arnold Schwarzenegger , and the fact is that one of the candidates is going to have to try to find the 25 or so Republicans in Nancy Pelosi's and Maxine Waters' districts and go courting. Arnold helps in some places in California and hurts in others.
So keep watching to see whether a Cruz-Kasich détente starts to take shape, with the first signs of a rapprochement likely coming via some carefully crafted rhetoric of one about the other. It would probably be in both candidates' interests to try. A Cruz-Kasich or Kasich-Cruz ticket could beat Hillary Clinton, so it would make sense for them to cooperate.
Of course that doesn't necessarily mean they will. Indeed, in all likelihood, Cruz believes he has enough "double agent delegates" among the Trump ranks of delegates (see Sasha Issenberg's must-read on the road ahead) to win without Kasich's help on the first ballot (or at least enough who will bolt to him on the second ballot if he remains at arms-length from Kasich).
But standing in his way is Donald Trump, who now must bludgeon his was to 1,237 locked-down delegates or face an almost certain prospect of being denied the nomination. After all, the 9% of delegates that are by law arriving uncommitted in Cleveland are going to be the most orthodox of party regulars, hardly prime suspects to be wearing "Make America Great" hats. And the "little Marco" delegates are unlikely to ever come round to Trump's camp.
So if there isn't a penalty for voting for someone other than the candidate to whom you are "bound," Trump will have a huge challenge in keeping his own delegates corralled.
To do so, Trump and his team will have to turn the charm on full blast and master the art of calming the skittish man or woman who just isn't used to a tidal wave of social media contacts or phone calls or visits from maniac politicos. (Note to Team Trump: Your guy might want to consider demanding his most virulent supporters tone it down online vis-a-vis these specific 2,400+ delegates, because some of them won't be able to distinguish official Trump from the unofficial legions. Trump's disorderly, lightly guided online shock troops pose a real challenge to his efforts.)
Mostly, though, Trump needs to assure all delegates -- those bound to him and those thinking about it -- that he can be trusted with the nomination.
A solid VP choice will therefore be essential. I have been arguing for Sens. Tom Cotton, Joni Ernst or Dan Sullivan -- all combat veterans, all relatively young,and all "outsiders" -- as the best fits Trump could find for his running mate. Building out a proposed Cabinet early would help that, as would iron-clad commitments of nominations of Judges Bill Pryor and Diane Sykes as his first two SCOTUS appointments. A serious, detailed military rebuild should be on his website ASAP, and the long-promised national security team announced.
The truth is that Donald Trump has enjoyed the ride so far, and he is clearly ahead. But structural forces now confront him that are likely to confound and confuse his very thin senior staff. (Look for Team Cruz to heavily lawyer a Missouri challenge and recount if the 12 statewide delegates go to Trump, for example). And if Trump doesn't release his tax returns, some delegates will bolt for fear of what is there. He would do well to ask Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus for another two or three debates to make sure he is ahead of the media.
Most of all, Trump really needs to show he has grasped the art of the deal, because each of the necessary 1,237 delegates is a living, breathing, complicated deal. It is going to take a lot of skills that have so far not been demonstrated to woo the majority. And if he doesn't get that majority on the first ballot, he is unlikely to get it at all.
So, where does all this leave us? Probably with Cruz as the favorite.
That isn't an endorsement, just a result of looking at the rules and some long thinking on the pressure that the delegates will be under, both the soft wooing and brass knuckles threats from online mobs, as well as disrupters on the streets of Cleveland. Of course, that's not what you'll hear from a lot of the mainstream media commentary and Democrats. But they are Greeks bearing gifts.
Think instead about those 2,400 people, in theory bound but in reality not. They are aware that Hillary Clinton is a dreadful candidate, one who could easily be beaten. And think of a GOP that desperately wants the White House back and the country turned around, its children and grandchildren protected and prospering.
Put both together, and it is hard to see them not ultimately lining up behind a rock-solid conservative. In short, despite much of what we have seen so far, expect the party that put the great Abraham Lincoln in the White House to revert to form.
Radamel Falcao feels so low about his Man United career that he regularly cries down the phone to former agent Silvano Espindola.
According to Colombian publication ES, the striker called Espinola on his way to Old Trafford when he was summoned to take part in a reserve team fixture against Spurs earlier this month.
“When he was on his way to the ground to play this game with the reserves, he called me," Espinola told the South American publication.
"We spoke for 20 minutes until he reached the stadium and he told me: ‘I've never been through something like this, I don't know how to deal with this situation. It feels weird for me.”'
When pressed about his relationship with the former Porto and Atletico striker, Espinola explained:
"We talk a lot. I'm not going to say that he feels happy because he's not. We've spoken many times and cried together. It's not an easy situation because every player wants to play and every goalscorer wants to score goals, that's normal."
You may remember the original 1963 movie "Son of Flubber" starring Fred MacMurray, the sequel to "The Absent-Minded Professor," one of the first films with a toy company marketing tie-in.
Or the 1997 remake starring Robin Williams.
Hassenfeld Brothers, known as Hasbro, made millions of units of the gooey-flexible polymer it called "Flubber." It was a mixture of rubber, mineral oil and possibly Borax, sodium borate, according to company documents.
You can even make your own Flubber at home.
"We made flubber in our class, but we added more sodium borate to make it a bouncy ball," said Dr. Michael Budziszek, who works in the science department at Johnson and Wales University.
After Flubber hit the shelves in early 1963, about 1,600 reports of rashes and sore throats tied to the product and knock-offs from other companies. The reports prompted an investigation by the Food and Drug Administration, a lawsuit and then a voluntary recall by Hassenfeld Brothers.
Even though no direct link was found, Merrill Hassenfeld said, "We want to be 100 percent certain of the safety and health of our children."
But what to do with tons of recalled Flubber?
Back then, there was no Environmental Protection Agency, no Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management. It was often common to dispose of unusable products in ways that would be considered unconventional today.
According to the 1998 book "Toy Wars" by G. Wayne Miller, the company was "...allegedly unable to dispose of it at sea..."
"It will not sink. It will float," Budziszek said.
NBC 10 went through a search of U.S. Coast Guard records but found no evidence of any attempt by the company to do that.
According to the book, the company was "allegedlyunable(to) burn it at the city dump."
"Does not burn. When you burn it, it just produces a black smoke," Budziszek said.
There wasn't an incinerator in Pawtucket at the time. The closest one was in Providence.
A search of the City Hall archives, while not complete, showed no evidence of any attempted burning of Flubber.
So where did it go?
According to the book, the head of the company allegedly "...buried his inventory...behind a new warehouse and paved it over for a parking lot..."
There was no quote in the book, so with permission from the author, NBC 10 searched his notes and audio recordings donated to the URI Special Archives Library.
The following is from an interview conducted in 1998 by Miller and then-Hasbro CEO Alfred Verrecchia, who was at the helm starting in 1970.
Miller: "Flubber was a failure. This predates you but, what happened to all that? The myth is it's buried."
Verrecchia: "Not a myth. It's buried under Delta Drive."
Miller: "It is?"
Verrecchia: "Yeah."
Miller: "Does it bubble up ever, or ?"
Verrecchia: "That's the myth, that sometimes it bubbles up, but it doesn't. It's buried under Delta Drive."
Miller: "How much of it?"
Verrecchia: "I don't know."
NBC 10 reached out to Verrecchia for comment. He said he has a sense of humor and was repeating the urban legend, but had no first-hand knowledge of what happened to the Flubber.
The street mentioned, 60 Delta Drive in Pawtucket, is the former Hasbro facility referred to as "Delta Drive" or the "D Street Plant."
The building was sold in 1997, and now houses a packaging and marketing company.
Letters between the Department of Environmental Management and Hasbro from 2008 show an exchange over allegations by a former Hasbro employee that Flubber was buried under a parking lot at the D Street Plant.
Hasbro denied the allegations, citing a 1997 environmental site assessment when selling the property, including soil and groundwater sampling. The company's attorneys wrote, "there is no concentration of any pollutant sampled that exceeds reportable standards and there is no evidence in any such sampling locations of any buried Flubber material"
Hasbro has won two EPA awards, ranked No. 1 Toy Company in the Climate Counts Scorecard, and prides itself on how "green" the company is today.
If Flubber was made with Borax, a naturally occurring element, in small doses it can be an irritant to some but non-carcinogenic. However, exposure to high concentrations can cause serious health problems.
"That only happens at high concentrations. When it's in Flubber, it's in pretty low concentrations," Budzisek said.
Hasbro kept its Flubber recipe close to the vest, and states tests before and after the outbreak couldn't find a cause and effect relationship with the rashes.
If it was just made with rubber and mineral oil, and no borax, it's benign, and poses no hazard.
Budzisek said he wonders if the mineral oil, a good environment for viruses, could have been the source of the 1,600 reported irritations.
So, the question remains: What happened to the tons of Flubber recalled more than 50 years ago, exact recipe unknown? Only adding to the mystery from the legendary toy company.
DEM said it is satisfied there's not an issue and closed the case. But it left the door to look into the matter further, if anything surfaces.
Moore's Law will be relevant for a few more years with recent news that IBM, GlobalFoundries, and Samsung succeeded in fitting 30 billion transistors onto a single, 5nm chip.
With concerns that the trend Moore's Law predicted, which states that the number of transistors able to fit on a single chip would double every two years, was slowing down or becoming obsolete, research into High Performance and Parallel Computing has begun to gain traction as one of the solutions for ensuring that computation power continues to expand, while decreasing power and resource requirements.
IBM managed this feat by using a new type of gate: the Gate All Around Field-Effect Transistor (GAAFET). This is similar to transistors found in 7nm chips, which are Fin Field-Effect Transistors (FINFET). Both are “3-dimensional”, extending a fin upward to allow for more silicon, but in the case of GAAFET, there are three nanosheet layers of silicon.
Manufacturing chips this small is a complicated task. However, by using ultraviolet laser etching the process becomes more precise and manageable, which is part of the breakthrough allowing IBM to create 5nm chips.
Tech industry analysts in the past did not predict a 5nm chip would be possible before the early 2020s. While IBM and its partners still have some time to go before they are likely to begin producing the 5nm chip, it is still a head start in the industry.
Currently, 10nm is the smallest chip available on the market, with smartphones typically utilizing 14nm Qualcomm chips. The 5nm chip is promised to be significantly faster and power efficient (up to 40 and 75 percent more efficient, respectively) compared to its 10nm predecessor; IBM believes days could be added to the battery life of phones.
There has been speculation that the GAAFET could be scaled down to as small as 3nm. However, the more a chip is scaled down, the higher the potential for problems with physical limitations of transistors that small, including added complexity in manufacturing.
GAAFET with three nanosheet layers. Image courtesy of IBM.
10nm and 14nm Production and Performance
Talking about 3nm chips may be getting ahead of ourselves, since 7nm chips have yet to enter the market, and 10nm chips have just begun to appear.
Samsung only started manufacturing 10nm chips last October, which were reported to have a 27 percent increase in performance and a 40 percent increase in power efficiency compared to 14nm chips.
Coffee Lake, Intel's codename for its 8th-generation Core processors, is the successor of the Kaby Lake 14nm microarchitecture. Reportedly, it refines the manufacturing process with up to a 30% increase in performance compared to Kaby Lake. The recently announced Intel i9 chip will also utilize a 14nm chip.
However, Intel claims that chip size is not the best way to describe the actual improvements of a chip's density and that Samsung's 10nm chips are still equivalent to Intel's 14nm chip before its refinement. An alternative method of addressing performance involves the use of a formula which focuses on standard logic cell density and weighted based on typical chip design.
Clint Eastwood has a message for the owner of a furniture company selling products branded “Clint” and “Eastwood”: Do you feel lucky?
The Oscar-winning actor and filmmaker has sued a company called Evofurniture, as well as a website called Inmod.com and its domain name owners Alan Finkelstein and Casey Choron, for allegedly offering for sale entertainment centers, ottomans and chairs named after one of the most iconic Hollywood figures of all time.
n a complaint filed in Los Angeles Superior Court this week, Eastwood claims Evofurniture and the Inmod site “are continuing to use Mr. Eastwood's name, identity and persona for the purpose of attracting attention to the infringing products….”
Further, Eastwood claims the stores have used marketing statements such as:
“When you're invited into a person's home, you get to see the good, the bad and the ugly. When visitors come to your home, the Clint 47” Entertainment Center makes your family room alone look like you live in a perfect world of a million dollar baby”
and
“Whether your favorite movies are westerns from the 1970s or dramas from the 2000s, you need a comfortably stylish place to hang out and watch them. If you're planning on having friends over for Dirty Harry marathons, then you definitely need something hip and modern. What you need is the Clint 71” Entertainment Center.”
The bolded portions above (also bolded in the lawsuit) are references, of course, to Eastwood movies. The actor-filmmaker claims the furniture stores didn't seek permission to trade on the goodwill associated with his name and his movies. “Accordingly,” says the complaint, “Defendants are liable to Mr. Eastwood for the infringement of his rights.”
Eastwood is seeking a permanent injunction against the use of his name, image and other rights of publicity, as well as unspecified damages.
We reached out to the defendants via the Inmod website and will update with a response. A search of the website for “Clint” and “Eastwood” did not pull up any furniture, so perhaps the allegedly infringing products already have been taken down.
The suit, filed by attorneys Charles Harder and Jeffrey Abrams at Wolf Rifkin Shaprio Schulman & Rabkin, alleges two causes of action for misappropriation of right of publicity.
[Via - Hollywood Reporter]
Porn Industry Isn't Shy About Using Crowdsourcing
How To Get Rich Selling Unicorn Meat On Amazon.com
From 0 To $30,000 A Month With Drop-shipping
10 Ideas The People Laughed At That Made It Big.
YBuy.Com Tries Shareware Model With Hardware Goods.
You've Got To Be Damn Good To Call Yourself ‘MrBeer'
In DC You Can Make Up To $50 An Hour Standing In Line For Others
Daily advice link - Freelancer? We are hiring!
Category: Uncategorized
The attached policy study was co-authored by R Street Senior Fellows Ian Adams and R.J. Lehmann.
The enormous devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey, still being tallied at the time this paper went to press, has prompted renewed public discussion of appropriate policies to prepare for and finance the recovery from major disasters. Such conversations arrive at a fortuitous time, as Congress also is set to consider a major restructuring of the U.S. tax code for the first time in more than 30 years.
While the precise contours of congressional tax-reform efforts are yet to be determined, potential changes to the taxation of cross-border reinsurance transactions—such as through the use of a territorial tax, a discriminatory tax on insurance affiliates or a full or partial border-adjustment tax—would affect insurers' ability to use reinsurance to spread risk globally. Hurricane Harvey offers evidence of the folly of such an approach, as early estimates suggest as much as half of the insured cost of Harvey's damages could fall to global reinsurance companies.
This paper, continuing a series of R Street Institute publications that examine the impact of such tax schemes on local U.S. insurance markets, finds the impact to consumers within New York State of taxing cross-border reinsurance transactions would be an additional $1.21 billion in higher property-casualty insurance premiums over the next decade.
This projection is derived by examining the impact that discriminatory tax treatment of cross-border reinsurance transactions would have on the supply of international reinsurance, and calculating the effects that subsequent changes in price and availability would have on insurance markets and policyholders. Because property and casualty insurers that do business in New York State—as in other states and regions exposed to major natural disasters—cede a large volume of risks to foreign reinsurers, these states would experience dramatically higher insurance premiums under tax systems that disallow deductions for cross-border reinsurance transactions. Such changes to the tax could, would therefore disproportionately harm consumers' ability to secure insurance coverage for their homes, cars and businesses.
This is of particular concern in New York, where residents are exposed to hurricane, severe storm and flood risk and have even recently suffered significantly at the hands of Hurricanes Sandy ($9.6 billion in insured losses in New York alone) and Irene. In fact, based on property losses, three of the costliest hurricanes in U.S. history afflicted New York (Ivan, Frances and Sandy). The less that private property owners insure their own risk, the more it will be shunted onto the backs of taxpayers.
As Congress prepares to consider structural changes to the U.S. tax code, proposals that target international reinsurance would have adverse consequences on New York's ability to obtain coverage affordably.
Image by a katz
Examples of our work
Our process
Image categorization
is on Patreon to enlist your help in digitizing historically significant books and periodicals about the Baha'i Faith. This material is often not available to the general public in libraries or bookstores and even Baha'is may have trouble finding it in their local communities. For these reasons it's important that we undertake the effort to collect and present this history online. An online collection is not limited by size and more importantly it can be searched using keywords, allowing anyone to explore the history of the Faith as it developed in their community.Open access:Search only access for copyrighted works:We are scanning books and other printed material as we buy, find or have them donated to us. Priority is given to those books that can't be found anywhere else online, but we aim to digitize all historically significant works about the Baha'i Faith.For those books that can have their bindings cut away, digitizing takes just a few hours, and limited proofreading is underway immediately after. We built a system for finding and automatically correcting common errors in Baha'i documents, adding diacritics and fixing common spelling errors. To date, this program has made more than 100,000 corrections to the text of books, newsletters and pamphlets we have already digitized, correcting Bahé".2‘1lah to Bahá'u'lláh or Bah.-i‘i to Bahá'í without the need for any human intervention.The illustrations and photographs that accompanied Baha'i newsletters and books is to us just as important as the text itself. We have gone to great lengths to preserve, categorize, and make available the images found in the works we scan. In fact, images are the reason we spent the past 6 years rescanning and digitizing the Baha'i News (1924-1990) periodical. It contains more than 10,000 pages of text, and thousands of images. You can see examples of our image categorization here:
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Monday, August 23, 2010 >>> ARCHIVES | SEARCH What's the success rate of Facebook spam? Posted by Sean @ 20:09 GMT Facebook spam (erroneously called scams) has been making headlines recently…
And with all the attention on "virally spreading" links, we wondered, just how effective is it? What's the conversion rate? Links spread virally — but so what? That's only one step in the process. How many people actually fill out the CPA surveys that make the money?
Here's one recent example of spam attempting to use English football player Peter Crouch as bait.
Only 269 "likes" — doesn't seem that interesting…
But wait, what's that in the bottom right hand corner? A counter of some sort?
Indeed, this particular spammer is using a statistics site called http://whos.amung.us.
Here's the dashboard view for the football spam:
The most action that this spam managed was 208 hits in one hour.
Here's another, more popular spam about an unlucky McDonald's Happy Meal:
This spam uses bit.ly links to spread itself on Facebook.
The links lead to http://happytruthblog.co.cc and there are just over 32,000 clicks. The stats also show the number of likes. Clicks to likes, what's the conversion rate? One link has around 40% and the other about 48%.
The dashboard reflects the successful traffic.
40% is an excellent conversion rate, much better than e-mail spam.
However, the 32,000 clicks is far less than similar spam from just two months ago when we saw several examples of viral links that yielded hundreds of thousands of clicks.
Returns are diminishing as people are exposed, develop a resistance, and recognize Facebook spam for what it is.
In fact, the spammers themselves seem to know this and are working harder to convince people.
This version of the Happy Meal spam promises "no need to complete surveys."
And the initial likes and the site's dashboard stats reflect well on that promise.
But it's the same old spammer lie.
This page has an anti-spam bot "test", which is just a survey by another name.
Let's close the page. Wait, what's this?
Please take one minute to complete a spam-free market research survey?!?
Unbelievable.
Screw the spammers! Let's take a look at what they're trying to cover up with their JavaScript.
Here's the page source for the spam page:
Rather than "like" the page and then "share" it with our friends on Facebook, let's skip to "step 3" and open /reveal.html.
Hmm, that reveals a reference to widget.php.
And widget.php's page source gives us the final result:
What? Really? The Happy Meal story is from November 2007? Cripes…
If that's the type of "free content" that these bonehead spammers are pushing, it's no wonder that there's a diminishing return on their efforts. What a joke.
A couple of other examples that we examined today used video bait (video.php). Those spam pages eventually linked to YouTube videos, and those view statistics only showed tens of views from the embedded sources.
That's good news. Examination of the data demonstrates that fewer and fewer people actually continue on to "step 3", which is filling out the survey. The vast majority of people bail out of the process after simply liking the page, or after sharing the link.
But here's the bad news.
Social networking spammers don't need to dupe very many people in order to be rewarded for their efforts. Many of the surveys lead to SMS subscriptions (particularly outside of the USA) and there's good money to be made. And because the conversion rates are better than e-mail spam, you can be certain that it won't be going away any time soon.
Over the last few months, former diplomat and author Peter Dale Scott has published a series of articles about one of the 9/11 hijackers, Khalid Almihdhar, and the parallels between his handling by Alec Station, the CIA's bin Laden unit, and events in the 1960s, such as an apparent CIA operation involving Lee Oswald, John Kennedy's alleged assassin. They are Deep Events and the CIA's Global Drug Connection, The JFK Assassination and 9/11: the Designated Suspects in Both Cases and The Assassinations of the 1960s as “Deep Events”.
”Errors”
Scott looks at the CIA's apparent “errors”—due to which Alec Station repeatedly and over a period of 20 months before the attacks failed to pass on information about Almihdhar and his associates Nawaf Alhazmi and Khallad bin Attash to the FBI. He concludes, correctly in my view, that they were not really errors, but were intentional and that Alec Station intended to protect Almihdhar from the FBI. He then goes on to say that this protection was not because Alec Station wanted the 9/11 attacks to succeed, but ascribes to it another, lesser motive. Although this may be a reasonable explanation for some of the officers involved in hiding information about Almihdhar, at least one of—and probably both—the “ringleaders” were aware Almihdhar was to be involved in a forthcoming major attack in the summer of 2001, making Scott's explanation unlikely in their case.
Scott's position is set out most clearly in The Assassinations of the 1960s as “Deep Events”:
It would be wrong to assume that the withholding of information, though deliberate, had the assassination and plane hijackings in mind. It is perhaps more likely that Oswald and al-Mihdhar were being protected by the CIA for some other operation — possibly against Cuba (in the case of Oswald), or to penetrate existing al-Qaeda cells in the US (in the case of al-Hamzi and al-Mihdhar).
Scott goes on to add:
But someone in the CIA with knowledge of these sensitive files, and intent on a criminal deep event, could have used the sensitive identities of Oswald and al-Mihdhar as designated culprits in the plots, knowing that the CIA would be virtually coerced into cover-up because of the embarrassing manipulations of their files on these individuals.
This argument that the two key Alec Station officers who protected Almihdhar may have done so for reasons other than allowing an al-Qaeda attack in the US is probably wrong, as I will attempt to explain.
”Very High Interest”
The two most senior officers involved in withholding information about Almihdhar from the FBI, as well as their own superiors, are Tom Wilshire, deputy chief of Alec Station until May 2001 and then Alec Station's representative to the FBI's International Terrorism Operations Section, and Rich B, his boss at Alec Station. Wilshire was the key figure in the withholding of information, blocking a cable to the FBI about Almihdhar in January 2000, and continuing to keep information about him from it in 2001.
In the summer of 2001, both men were highly aware that al-Qaeda was planning an attack against US interests. In fact, Rich B was the lead briefer within the government on these attacks and briefed not only CIA Counterterrorism Center Chief Cofer Black and CIA Director George Tenet, but also National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, including at the famous 10 July meeting revealed by Bob Woodward, on the attacks' possible, date, form and location.
Wilshire was clearly aware that Almihdhar was a likely participant in the forthcoming attacks. In an e-mail sent on 23 July 2001, he wrote:
When the next big op is carried out by [bin Laden's] hardcore cadre, [Khallad bin Attash] will be at or near the top of the command food chain—and probably nowhere near either the attack site or Afghanistan. That makes people who are available and who have direct access to him of very high interest. Khalid [Almihdhar] should be very high interest anyway, given his connection to the [redacted].
The recipients of this e-mail are not known. However, it is highly likely that they included Rich B, Wilshire's former boss, as this e-mail follows on from another sent 10 days before that Rich B received. It is worth pointing out that the existence of this e-mail was only disclosed after the Zacarias Moussaoui trial in 2006. It was not mentioned in the Congressional Inquiry Report, the 9/11 Commission Report or the Justice Department Inspector General Report. It appears in Wilshire's substitution for testimony for the trial and the substitution seems to be based on the Justice Department IG report.
Almihdhar's Presence in US Discovered
Wilshire therefore knew that there was to be an attack and that Almihdhar may well be involved. About a month later, he officially learned that Almihdhar was in the US, when he was informed of this by Margaret Gillespie, one of his former colleagues at Alec Station, and then Dina Corsi, an agent he worked with at the FBI. It is highly likely that Rich B also officially learned Almihdhar was in the US at this time, as Gillespie was one of his subordinates and clearly appreciated Almihdhar's presence in the US was big news.
At this point, Wilshire and Rich B had three pieces of information: there was going to be a major al-Qaeda attack, Almihdhar was “very high interest” in relation to this attack and Almihdhar was in the US. Given that Almihdhar was a member of a terrorist organisation dedicated to fighting the US, it could not have been hard to forecast that the attacks would be in the US.
However, there is no record of Rich B doing anything with this information, although he clearly should have briefed Black and Tenet. It is worth noting that Rich B already thought that the major attack was going to be in the US. It is also worth mentioning that he was the officer in charge of US operations in Afghanistan when bin Laden escaped from Tora Bora, and that he played a key role in the ramping up of rendition after 9/11. Rich B is also said to be the son of a controversial former CIA officer.
Wilshire's performance was even worse. Not only did he not tell anyone at the FBI that Almihdhar was a likely participant in a forthcoming major attack inside the US, he even helped Corsi in her attempts to restrict the resources the FBI could use to look for Almihdhar.
Conclusion
Presumably, the other CIA officers who had walk-on parts in the withholding of the information from the FBI did believe that the information was being withheld for some purpose other than allowing attacks against the US, such as to penetrate al-Qaeda networks in the US without interference from the bureau. However, given that Wilshire stated that he thought Almihdhar was “very high interest” in connection with the forthcoming attacks, he cannot have thought a presumed “black” operation monitoring the hijackers in the US was solely aimed at following Almihdhar to uncover al-Qaeda networks in the US and had no connection to the attacks. It is also highly likely that Rich B was aware of Almihdhar's link to a forthcoming attack in the US.
Finally, it should be pointed out that the hijackers' operational security was poor. For example, members of the four different teams lived together, including with Almihdhar and Alhazmi, and the two men repeatedly telephoned bin Laden's operations centre in Yemen, which was under surveillance by the NSA and CIA. It would not have been at all difficult for the “black” team monitoring Almihdhar and Alhazmi to discover the other hijackers, their flight training and their ticket purchases shortly before 9/11. Yet there is no known attempt by this team to disrupt the plot.
Alec Station had ample information that could have been used to stop the plot, but prevented the FBI from acting on this information. In addition, it took no known actions to stop the plot itself. The conclusion that it wanted the attacks to go ahead seems inescapable.
Advertisements
Van Halen performs in concert at Madison Square Garden in New York on March 1, 2012. UPI /Laura Cavanaugh | License Photo
Wolfgang Van Halen (R) and David Lee Roth with Van Halen perform in concert at the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida on April 10, 2012. UPI/Michael Bush | License Photo
Eddie Van Halen (R) and David Lee Roth with Van Halen perform in concert at the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida on April 10, 2012. UPI/Michael Bush | License Photo
Eddie Van Halen with Van Halen performs in concert at the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida on April 10, 2012. UPI/Michael Bush | License Photo
Alex Van Halen with Van Halen performs in concert at the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida on April 10, 2012. UPI/Michael Bush | License Photo
David Lee Roth with Van Halen performs in concert at the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida on April 10, 2012. UPI/Michael Bush | License Photo
FRESNO, Calif., April 6 (UPI) -- Never before seen footage from 1970s Van Halen concerts has been released on the Internet.
A series of clips from the band's 1978 and 1979 performances at Selland Arena in Fresno, Calif. have appeared online on YouTube. The footage was remastered frame-by-frame from the original Fuji single-8 films.
Van Halen assembled in 1972 in Pasadena, California. Their first album, Van Halen, debuted in 1978, and the footage shows the band as they were just starting to get big.
The intricately described geography of the world of Lord of the Rings borrows liberally from the geography of Europe. How much so? Well, UCLA cartographer and geologist Peter Bird has mapped out much of Middle Earth as it would appear on actual Earth.
Hard as it may be for many Lords of the Rings fanboys to fathom, but J. R. R. Tolkien didn't conjure up his laboriously detailed world from whole cloth — it was based on much Germanic, Celtic, Finnish, and Norse mythology. Moreover, the intricately described geography of the world of Arda — wherein LOTR is set and the likes of the Shire, Rohan, and Mordor are located — borrows liberally from the geography of Europe. How much so? Well, UCLA cartographer and geologist Peter Bird has mapped out much of Middle Earth as it would appear on actual Earth.
The Strange Maps blog lays out the explicit parallels between our world and Tolkien's, according to Bird:
The Shire is in the South-West of England , which further north is also home to the Old Forest (Yorkshire?), the Barrow Downs (north of England), the city of Bree (at or near Newcastle-upon-Tyne), and Amon Sul (Scottish Highlands).
, which further north is also home to the Old Forest (Yorkshire?), the Barrow Downs (north of England), the city of Bree (at or near Newcastle-upon-Tyne), and Amon Sul (Scottish Highlands). The Grey Havens are situated in Ireland .
. Eriador corresponds with Brittany .
. Helm's Deep is near the Franco-German-Swiss border tripoint, close to the city of Basel .
. The mountain chain of Ered Nimrais is the Alps .
. Gondor corresponds with the northern Italian plains , extended towards the unsubmerged Adriatic Sea.
, extended towards the unsubmerged Adriatic Sea. Rohan is in southern Germany , with Edoras at the foot of the Bavarian Alps. Also in Germany, but to the north, near present-day Hamburg, is Isengard. Close by is the forest of Fangorn.
, with Edoras at the foot of the Bavarian Alps. Also in Germany, but to the north, near present-day Hamburg, is Isengard. Close by is the forest of Fangorn. To the north is Mirkwood, further east are Rhovanion and the wastes of Rhûn, close to the Ural mountains .
. The Sea of Rhûn corresponds to the Black Sea .
. Khand is Turkey.
Haradwaith is the eastern part of North Africa , Umbar corresponds with the Maghreb, the western part of North Africa.
, Umbar corresponds with the Maghreb, the western part of North Africa. The Bay of Belfalas is the western part of the Mediterranean.
And, just in time for Halloween...
Mordor is situated in Transylvania, with Mount Doom in Romania (probably), Minas Morgul in Hungary (approximately), and Minas Tirith in Austria (sort of).
Makes you wonder whether all that's left of Mount Doom are the famous Romanian "Muddy Volcanoes." Somehow, it would be appropriate.
What's that saying? Don't count your pantsuits before they're in the closet? No wait, it was that egg thing; don't count your eggs until they hatch.
Hillary must have missed that.
Made us laugh.
WATCH: Hillary So Cocksure Of Victory She Bought 2nd Home Next Door For White House Staff https://t.co/YNpxWIQ62M — The Daily Wire (@realDailyWire) September 11, 2017
From The Daily Wire:
Interviewed by Jane Pauley for CBS' Sunday Morning, Hillary Clinton admitted that she was so confident of victory in the 2016 election that she bought a second home next door to her estate in Chappaqua, New York to accommodate White House staff during her expected presidential retreats. According to the New York Post, the Clintons paid $1.16 million for the three-bedroom, ranch-style home. The Post had reported in September 2016 that the house was supposed to be a weekend retreat for Chelsea Clinton's family.
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
Was there a room in the house set aside to hold her Nobel Peace Prize? — John DuMond (@johnd1263) September 11, 2017
You mean for that private server?
I wonder how much she was going to 'rent it back to us for"? — Scott Aderhold (@scottyaderhold) September 11, 2017
Sounds like Hillary lied about what the house was for back in September of 2016 as well; guess she didn't want us knowing just how cocky she really was.
Which honestly just makes this story even better.
Related:
BAHAHA! James Woods photo-slam of Hillary inspires the most hilarious GIFAPALOOZA yet
And there was GREAT rejoicing! Hillary says she's done being a candidate, responses are HILARIOUS
The scene was something millions of sports fans thought would never happen: Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao, the two best fighters in the world and boxing's two biggest stars, standing face-to-face, just the two of them, alone on a stage to finally announce the big fight -- one of the biggest ever.
The long-awaited moment played out Wednesday afternoon at the Nokia Theatre in downtown Los Angeles where, after red-carpet arrivals that made this look more like a Hollywood awards show than a boxing news conference, the fighters were introduced to more than 700 credentialed media members.
That is a gigantic number for a boxing news conference. Then again, this was not a normal boxing news conference. It was the only joint news conference Mayweather and Pacquiao will hold to hype the fight until fight week. Then, a few days later, they will square off to unify their welterweight world titles, determine pound-for-pound supremacy and crown the king of their era on May 2 (Showtime PPV/HBO PPV) at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao appeared together Wednesday to hype their May 2 fight. Jeff Gros for ESPN
"I believe this is what you are waiting for since five years ago," Pacquiao said with a smile from the podium, referencing the long haul it took for the sides to finally make a deal for a fight that will easily be the richest in boxing history. "The fight is on, and we're very excited. Both of us will undergo hard training, and we will do our best on May 2 to make you happy."
When Mayweather came to the podium, he was low-key and soft-spoken.
"It's been a long road, but we're here now," Mayweather said. "May 2, the fight of the century. It's all about the best fighting the best, and Pacquiao is one of the best fighters of this era.
"Everything is about timing. I think we couldn't choose a better time. This is a fight that the world can't miss. It's an unbelievable matchup, action-packed fight. I'm in the gym working right now, dedicating myself to the sport, pushing myself to the limit because I never wanted to win a fight so bad in my life, and I'm pretty sure he is going to push himself to the limit because he wants to win it the same way I want to win it."
For more than five years, the fight has loomed as the biggest in boxing. But numerous ups and downs and contentious talks kept it from being made. The deal was finally signed Feb. 20, helped along by a chance meeting between the fighters at a Miami Heat basketball game in late January, and it was as though all the years of rancor and bad feelings over previous failed negotiations had never happened when the sides got together for the news conference.
The talk from the fighters and their teams -- and even rival television executives from HBO (which has a contract with Pacquiao) and Showtime (which has a deal with Mayweather), who had to make a deal for a joint pay-per-view to make the fight possible -- turned the proceedings into something of a lovefest.
Editor's Picks Campbell: Things we learned With the pomp and circumstance behind us after Wednesday's news conference between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao in Los Angeles, here are five things we learned, writes Brian Campbell.
"We're family. We're all part of this boxing family," said Top Rank chairman Bob Arum, Pacquiao's promoter, referencing the well-publicized animosity between the camps when he made his remarks from the podium.
Arum promoted Mayweather for most of his career until their acrimonious breakup in 2006, but even they shared some light moments. When Mayweather, sitting a few feet from Arum, smiled at one of his comments, he turned to Mayweather and said, "You missed me, right, Floyd?"
There was plenty of discussion about how big the fight will be. Most view it as a lock to break the pay-per-view buy record of 2.4 million for Mayweather's 2007 HBO PPV fight against Oscar De La Hoya and the pay-per-view revenue record of $150 million set by Mayweather's 2013 fight with Canelo Alvarez on Showtime PPV. Counting all streams of revenue, many believe the fight will generate more than $400 million.
"We had [Muhammad] Ali-[Joe] Frazier, we had [Sugar Ray] Leonard-[Roberto] Duran, we had Leonard-[Marvin] Hagler, and now we have Pacquiao and Mayweather," Arum said. "This is the biggest fight of its era. It's a great event for boxing. Everybody around the world is interested in this fight -- ambassadors, senators, celebrities."
"Here Comes Santa in His Red Canoe" by the Surfers
Here's a mele kalikimaka question: If Santa's part of a crew of paddlers, which position does he take? Steersman? Stroker? Is Santa a middle, power guy? Unfortunately, “Here Comes Santa in His Red Canoe” doesn't give us any answers, but the 1959 rock-a-hula tune does give us plenty to groove to.
“Silent Night” by Amy Hanaialii Gilliom
There's something about Gilliom's 2007 rendition of “Silent Night” that will give you chicken skin. The song is already a winner, but the combination of her sturdy vocals and the verses she sings in Hawaiian bring out the most beautiful aspects of the song.
“Kana Kaloka/Here Comes Santa Claus” by Na Leo Pilimehana
In this 1999 medley, Na Leo fuses the popular “Here Comes Santa Claus” with renaissance woman Mary Kawena Pukui's Hawaiian language Christmas song “Kana Kaloka,” or Santa Claus. Na Leo makes the medley sound singular, and on this recording the group's instruments are turned down to let their voices and harmonies take center stage.
“O Holy Night” by Willie K
This rendition of what might be the most epic Christmas song ever comes from a 1999 album entitled “Willie Kalikimaka.” The album title, alone, is enough to win Willie K a spot on this list, nevermind it's one of the best versions of the song you'll hear. Like Gilliom, Willie K sings in both English and Hawaiian, belting out the chorus with the devotion of a Sunday choir singer.
“Medley: Winter Wonderland/ Hawaiian Santa” by The Makaha Sons
The sweet vocal harmonies, walking bass line and guitar vamp of this 1997 song will get your feet tapping. It also feels like you're getting a holiday swap meet deal—two Christmas tunes for one! In this medley, the Sons manage to wedge a song about a surfing, hula-dancing, malo-wearing, Hawaiian Santa into a holiday standard about snow—a fun contrast.
“Nu oli” by Kealii Reichel
Another of the old hymns turned Christmas tune, “Nu Oli” is the Hawaiian language version of the 1873 hymn “Glad Tidings,” a song that celebrates the news of Christ's birth. “Nu oli” roughly translates to “joyful news.” In this 2006 a cappella version, Reichel—accompanied by what sounds like a choir of angels on high—works his vocal magic, cutting through the glittering commercialism of the season.
“Silver Bells” by The Paradise Islanders
An ukulele vamping, bells striking and steel guitars dueling in this 1961 instrumental rendition of “Silver Bells” makes it fresh and breezy. The song's lyrics describe a wintry Christmas in an urban setting, but in the hands of composer and steel guitar legend Sam Koki, and his Paradise Islanders, it turns into a tropical song that sways like a palm tree in trade winds.
“My Hawaiian Christmas” by The Honolulu Boys Choir
Don't let the sweet voices and choirboy act of The Honolulu Boys Choir throw you off. This 1985 single, released by the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center, is a pop song gem. Even better than the melody are the lyrics that conjure playful images of Christmastime in Hawaii—“A man made of sand instead of snow, maile replaces mistletoe, sugar and spice, turkey and rice, I love my Hawaiian Christmas.”
“Mele Kalikimaka” by Cyril Pahinui
Master slack-key guitarist Cyril Pahinui injects something less glossy and more soulful into this 1949 hapa-haole song made popular by a man with a sound for a name, Bing Crosby. Pahinui's soft voice alongside some fantastic slack-key guitar make this song one you wouldn't mind listening to all year-round.
“Numbah One Day of Christmas” by Ed Kenney
Ask someone from Hawaii to sing the original version of “The Twelve Days of Christmas” and you're likely to get blank stares. Ask them to sing the Pidgin English version and you're guaranteed to get a, “Five big fat pigs! four flower lei, three dry squid, two coconut and one myna bird in one papaya tree.” The Hawaii Christmas standard feels timeless, though it was originally released as the B-side of the “My Hawaiian Christmas” single, mentioned above.
A vehicle fire on Portage Avenue near Main Street backed up traffic in the eastbound lanes of the road on Wednesday evening.
Karen Kornelsen was on her way home from work at about 5:30 p.m. when she saw a vehicle "fully engulfed in flames."
A classic car caught fire near Portage Avenue on Dec. 14, causing traffic backups. Firefighters put out the flames and no injuries were reported. 0:35
Kornelsen said she couldn't see anybody in or around the vehicle and firefighters weren't yet on the scene.
"There were tons of smoke. The fumes are pretty bad," Kornelsen said. "I just got home to St. [Boniface] and my vehicle still reeks of the fumes in the air."
The vehicle was parked on the inside, eastbound lane of Portage just before it meets Main.
"I just really hope there was no one in the vehicle. I think that's what really freaked me out," Kornelsen said. "It's not something you see everyday."
Emergency services were on scene battling the blaze shortly afterward.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Photos show the scene where the migrants were found in the Sahara
Rescue workers in Niger say they have found the bodies of 92 people who died of thirst after their vehicles broke down as they tried to cross the Sahara.
Rescue worker Almoustapha Alhacen said the corpses were in a severe state of decomposition and had been partly eaten, probably by jackals.
Those found are thought to be migrant workers and their families. Most were women and children.
Niger lies on a major migrant route between sub-Saharan Africa and Europe.
But among those who make it across the desert, many ends up working in North African countries.
Analysis Thousands attempt to cross this stretch of the Sahara desert to reach the coasts of North Africa, and from there Europe. I remember the exhaustion of migrants whom I met in Agadez in 2011. Most were in their 20s and determined to continue their journey - despite the war in Libya at the time. "In our country, our talent is useless," one young Nigerian said. "But in Europe, we'll be able to thrive on it," he added. Agadez is still several hundred kilometres from either Libya or Algeria. There is nothing in between but sand - a perilous desert where the extreme heat can kill. Traffickers extort large sums of money from migrants seeking a one-way ticket for a better life. They all know that death may be on the way, but they're ready to risk it, clinging onto hope.
'It was horrible'
According to Mr Alhacen, one of the vehicles that the migrants were travelling in broke down some time after they left Arlit at the end of September or beginning of October.
Security officials said the second vehicle broke down as it was on its way back to Arlit to get spare parts.
It appears that some of the group set out on foot, including up to 10 people who made it back to Arlit and raised the alarm, he said.
It was reported on Monday that five bodies had been found.
On Wednesday, volunteers and soldiers working in searing heat found other corpses about 10km (six miles) from the Algerian border.
Mr Alhacen told the BBC's Hausa service the bodies of 52 children, 33 women and seven men had since been buried.
He said that it was most likely that the people were from Niger, judging by their dress and how the women's hair was braided.
Korans and tablets used by children at madrassas [Islamic school] were found amongst the belongings, said Mr Alhacen.
Speaking from Arlit, a centre for uranium mining north of Agadez, Mr Alhacen said he had experienced the worst day of his life when he found the bodies.
"The corpses were decomposed; it was horrible," he said.
My guess is that the children were madrassa [Islamic school] children, being taken to Algeria to work Almoustapha Alhacen, Rescue worker
"We found bodies across a wide area. We had no idea what to expect because we didn't know how many people had been in the vehicles."
They were given Muslim burials where they were found, Mr Alhacen said.
''What was shocking was that they were small. There was a dead woman holding her baby," he added.
Given that so many of those found were teenagers, Mr Alhacen said it was possible they were on their way to low-paid jobs in neighbouring Algeria.
"My guess is that the children were madrassa children, being taken to Algeria to work. That is the only explanation that I and others can find for such a large number of children having travelled together,'' Mr Alhacen said.
About 80,000 migrants cross the Sahara desert through Niger, according to John Ging, director of the UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
"They are basically economic migrants. They are in search of work. They are so impoverished that they have to make these hazardous journeys," he told the BBC's Newsday programme.
Niger is one of the world's poorest countries and frequently suffers from drought and food crises.
Migration routes across the Sahara desert
Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spend most of their time together in the White House's situation room, a windowless domain where they privately discuss top secret issues such as whether the United States needs a troop surge in Afghanistan, they said Monday.
"Private" is exactly how the top cabinet members want that discussion to remain but, instead, has become a matter of public debate in recent weeks.
Play
"When we did the surge in Iraq, there was no public discussion during that surge by people involved in that debate," Gates said during a taping of CNN's "Amanpour" show, scheduled to air today at 3:00 p.m. ET on CNN and public radio stations. "The president made his decisions ... [we] then went to the Hill to testify. And Gen. [David] Petraeus then followed. That is exactly what is going to happen in this instance."
The sit-down was moderated by CNN's Christiane Amanpour and Frank Sesno, director of George Washington University's School of Media and Public Affairs, who asked the secretaries whether they thought Gen. Stanley McChrystal, commander, U.S. Forces Afghanistan, was "muzzled" from speaking publically about his assessment of the war in Afghanistan.
"It would put, I believe, Gen. McChrystal in an impossible spot to go up in a hyper-partisan environment to the Hill before the president made his decisions, and put the general on the spot," Gates said. "I just think that's wrong."
The White House has scheduled meetings this week to discuss the Afghanistan-Pakistan policy that will include Clinton and Gates this week. The meetings come at a time of enormous political pressure to decide whether to change U.S. strategy and raise troop levels after more deadly attacks. Gates said it will be one of the most important decisions of Obama's presidency.
"The reality is because of our inability and the inability, frankly, of our allies to put enough troops in Afghanistan, the Taliban do have a moment now it seems," Gates said.
Af-Pak Border 'Epicenter of Jihad'
"There's no question in my mind that if the Taliban took control of significant portions of Afghanistan that that would be added space for al Qaeda to strengthen itself and do more recruitment and more fundraising."
Gates, who also served under President George W. Bush during the war in Iraq, said the Afghanistan-Pakistan border was the "epicenter of jihad."
"We are not leaving Afghanistan," Gates said.
Calling McChrystal the right man to command the war in Afghanistan, Gates applauded McChrystal for relying less on air power. In recent weeks, Vice President Joe Biden has argued that unmanned drones in Pakistan's tribal areas are more successful at taking out al Qaeda's top leaders and rely less on troop levels.
The Next Step in Iran
On Iran, Clinton and Gates said they didn't know whether Iran wanted to resolve its nuclear issue.
"Whether they have begun a weaponization program is hard to say," Gates said.
Gates suggested that there are more secret nuclear sites in Iran when he added that a U.S. objective was to determine "what nuclear sites might they be prepared to be transparent about that have not been declared at this point."
Clinton said the U.S.-Iran talks last week were worthwhile, and the inspections of the discovered nuclear site are going forward quickly.
During the talks last week, Clinton said, the Iranians agreed in theory that they would ship out low-enriched uranium for processing, and a team of experts will determine exactly how that will be carried out within 10 days.
"And they agreed that there will be another meeting, which means that this process doesn't just drag on without any continuity," Clinton said.
The CNN interview was not open but free to George Washington students.
Jack Greenhouse, 18, a freshman, attended the event, in part, because he thought about the young men his age who're fighting and dying in Afghanistan.
The event coincided with the same day that October was declared one of the bloodiest months in Afghanistan, when eight soldiers were killed in an attack and two others died from a roadside bomb.
"I went to a high school with a very large ROTC program," he said, "and there are kids that I know who are over there training right now. So it is a big deal."
For those of you who missed out on our holiday sale last month, you're in luck because we're currently having another great sale! Valid until January 31st, 2016, you can save up to 50% off on all our store products (including snus and dip). To see which products are currently on sale, visit our online shop here or by clicking on the image below.
Sales are a great time to try new brands, so I highly suggest taking a look at the reviews section of the blog to find something new to try. Its also a great time to stock up on your favorite brands as well to ensure that you have enough to make it through the rest of the winter!
Happy snusing from Northerner!
Related Posts
The publications of philosophically conservative chiropractors document their allegiance to a posture of hostile opposition to health prevention based upon immunization procedures. The challenge to medical anthropology is to make sense of what seems scientifically senseless. This paper attempts to come to an understanding of this position by tracing professional attitudes which are derived from a history of political and economic conflict with the American medical establishment, which emanate from an explanatory model of disease causation that preserves a nineteenth century monocausal theory, and which reflect a process of cultural schizmogenesis. In preserving these heretical medical beliefs, conservative chiropractors, who are trained in the basic medical sciences, defend themselves by basing their opposition to immunization upon imperfections in vaccines that relate to the efficacy, safety and necessity of immunizations. Further, they persist in a belief that chiropractic spinal manipulation provides an alternative method for achieving immune status. This belief has not been subjected to testing in clinical trials or laboratory experiments, and thus becomes a matter of belief rather than of scientific verity. A refusal to advocate or submit to vaccines serves conservative chiropractors as an understandable cultural symbol, but it is a symbol with sinister health costs to those who translate it into non-immune status in a world otherwise still hostage to disease-producing organisms.
Forum Forums Share Share
The Polite Pig is now open in the Town Center at Disney Springs, serving modern BBQ in a fast-casual setting.
Operated by local Orlando restauranteurs James and Julie Petrakis, The Polite Pig is a sister restaurant to the popular Ravenous Pig in nearby Winter Park.
The Polite Pig menu is made up of seasonal ingredients, locally sourced where possible, with a focus on wood-smoked and grilled items.
Like several other Disney Springs restaurants, The Polite Pig offers a mix of indoor and outdoor seating, including a bar area - shared between the inside and outside spaces.
The restaurant has multiple entrances, with one on the front leading towards the bar area, and one on the side, which leads directly to the ordering area.
Located right beside the entrance to Disney Springs from the Lime Parking garage, foot traffic in the area is high. Expect the restaurant to get busy, and if eating outside, expect a lot of passers by.
Ordering Process
Being fast-casual, you need to place your order at the registers. Having done so, you receive a pager-type device that can be placed on your choice of table.
The system is the same as the one used at ABC Commissary in Disney's Hollywood Studios and is similar to the experience at Be Our Guest. Once the food is ready, it is delivered to your table.
The Dining Room
The 5000 sq. ft. restaurant has indoor seating for 200 guests, along with more space available on the outside.
Taking on a rustic industrial look, the decor is very up-to-date, and looks great. It fits perfectly with the Disney Springs look, and like all of the Disney Springs locations, is a real credit to the interior designers.
There are a variety of different seating arrangements, from tables and counters to booths and high-tops.
An onstage kitchen gives a glimpse of the food being prepared, and is even equipped with counter seating alongside the kitchen for an extended view.
The atmosphere is very casual, and is a pleasant place to be. Noise is controlled, lighting just right, and the seat-yourself process means you can sit just where you like.
The Food
Given the owner's reputations, we went in with very high expectations, and couldn't wait to dive in.
The Polite Pig menu is split into Snacks and Salads, Sandwiches, From the Smoker, Market Sides and Desserts. View the full menu.
To get started, we went with the $10 Hop Salt Pretzel, served with Beer Cheese Fondue and IPA Mustard.
It's an impressive sight, hung from a stand and served on a tray along with the fondue and mustard. The pretzel itself was freshly baked, very enjoyable and is a good option to share for the table. The fondue and mustard added an extra bit of interest to the dish.
Moving onto the Sandwiches section of the menu, we next tried The Southern Pig. Priced at $12, the sandwich is Pulled Pork, Apple Slaw, Mustard sauce, and Duke's Mayo.
This is a great sandwich, well sized without being too large, and has a great mix of ingredients and flavor. We would have liked to have seen more meat, especially as the $12 price does not include any sides.
Marketed as a Modern BBQ restaurant, we were most interested in the “From the Smoker” section of the menu.
Any good BBQ establishment is judged by its brisket, so this is where we started. For $16, you get 3 slices of brisket, a choice of one side, and a piece of Texas Toast.
We really liked the flavor of the brisket. It wasn't the most tender that we have had, but overall it was a really solid dish.
Make sure to grab some of the house made sauces on offer at the condiment station. The BBQ sauces are excellent.
Our second selection from the smoker was the Wild Salmon. Described as Maple-Mustard Glaze, and served with a choice of side, at a cost of $18.
Whilst there wasn't anything wrong with this dish, it just wasn't exciting. We couldn't taste the glaze, it wasn't a very large serving, and for $18 it is hard to recommend this menu item.
Now a word about the sides, each priced at $6. These were a complete mixed bag. The highlight was without question the Crispy Brussel Sprouts with Whiskey-Caramel. A good sized serving, and just a great side to pair with any dish. It is prepared in a way that would convert even those who don't like Brussel Sprouts into a fan.
The Mac and Cheese was disappointing. Much like the salmon, there wasn't anything wrong with it, but it was just plain and not very interesting.
Finally, the Baked Beans side was just flat out unpleasant. If you are expecting typical BBQ style beans, this is not that dish. The beans were undercooked, and the lemon, tomato and bacon combination just didn't work.
Although not technically a side, the Texas Toast served with many of the dishes was also a great disappointment. It wasn't much more than a toasted slice of bread. Very bland and dull.
None of the food was served hot, warm would be about the best it could be described. We were eating moments after the restaurant opened, and were served within minutes of sitting down, so whether this is normal or not remains to be seen. But everything we ate needed to be hotter.
Fortunately, dessert wiped away some of the shortcomings of the main dishes. The Orange Blossom Honey Cake delivers a vibrant citrus flavor, with a creamy moist texture that is a must-do. For $7 it isn't the largest of portions, but makes a good size individual dessert.
Unfortunately silverware is plastic, but servers are on hand to assist during your meal, and they do clear the tables at the end of your meal.
Drinks
The Polite Pig features five house cocktails on tap, including some crowd favorites from The Ravenous Pig, such as the Gin and Tonic and Old-Fashioned.
There is also Cask & Larder Brewery brews on tap, as well as a couple of other Florida/domestic craft beers.
Summary
The Polite Pig brings something new and different to Disney Springs in a number of ways.
First, it is a restaurant located in the far end of the Town Center near to World of Disney, bringing a new option to that area of the property.
Second, it offers a much-needed quick service restaurant to Disney Springs that does not need a reservation, and is priced below $20 per person.
And finally, it brings BBQ to Disney Springs - one of the few cuisines that hasn't yet been fully represented.
From our visit today, it seems the kitchen is still perhaps getting to grips with service, and that this restaurant will get better. Some things we really liked, and others left us wondering why they were on the menu.
The sandwich, brisket and Orange Blossom Honey Cake stood out, and is perhaps worth a visit for those items alone.
We'll be back for another visit, so check back for an updated review.
The restaurant is on the Disney Dining Plan, and requires one Quick Service credit.
Operating hours are 11am to 11pm Sunday to Thursday, and 11am to 12am Friday and Saturday.
Discuss on the Forums
Article Posted:
SCOTT COUNTY, Ind. (WHAS11) -- Opioid addiction has become an epidemic across the United States and Indiana's governor says he wants to put a stop to it in the Hoosier state.
Governor Eric Holcomb announced an expansion of treatment plans Wednesday. The expansion includes five opioid treatment centers in Vigo, Allen, Johnson, Monroe and Tippecanoe counties. Along with the new locations, there's policy change in healthcare that will take effect August 1.
Indiana Medicaid and Healthy Indiana Plan members will now have free coverage for all services provided in an opioid treatment center, including methadone treatment.
Governor Holcomb says the new programs are extremely important and "meet the need where it's most urgent."
The Governor says 80 percent of heroin users started with painkillers.
Scott County Indiana was once in a state of emergency for its drug problem so this news of more resources coming to the state is very well received.
Scott County Health Officials say the more help for addiction services, the better.
“It's completely amazing, it's something we have needed for a very long time, the majority of our clients that run through the needle exchange are on Medicaid, or they don't have any insurance at all but are eligible for Medicaid. So we can get them mon Medicaid and we can get them the help that they need,” says Brittany Combs, the public health nurse for the Scott County Health Department.
She says she is ecstatic to hear about the changes to state insurance.
“We don't want to just throw medicine at someone and say good luck with your treatment. They have to have the comprehensive, they have to be held accountable, they have to work through their addiction issues too,” Combs said.
In the past, only the narcotics suboxone and Vivitrol were covered by Medicaid.
The governor says all opioid treatment centers in the state must participate in the Medicaid program.
There was praise from Holcomb on the success of first responders and the public using Narcan to reverse the effects of overdoses.
Combs tells us, “The opioid that our people preferred are the opana which is a prescription medication but that has dwindled so a lot more people are going to the heroin so we are seeing a lot more overdoses with that so we have to have that Narcan available."
Combs says addiction knows no bounds, but with an increased focus on this nationwide drug epidemic, help will continue to be available.
“It's not the drugs that are harmful anymore, it's the War on Drugs that's so harmful.”
Doug and Catherine Snodgrass thought they were safe raising their child in the quiet town of Temecula, California. They never expected their son could be the victim of a brutal police sting.
Reason.TV has an incredibly heartbreaking video out that reveals the fruits of a sweeping operation called “Operation Glass House” which put cops in three high schools. The policemen posed as regular high schoolers and would ask other kids for drugs. The MAJORITY of the children were special needs students.
The Los Angeles School District General Counsel launched a review in 2004 and found no evidence that the program reduced drugs, only the amount of arrests. It was disbanded in 2005 after it was revealed that serious crimes were not being committed.
This video reveals how a government that oversteps its constitutional authority in waging a war on vice, creates corruption, rather than stems it. Unquestionably it is the War on Drugs that has more and more American citizens feeling like they are living in occupied territory.
Although, the SELLER contacted me DIRECTLY to my PERSONAL EMAIL with this note:
Hi E Laren, I am contacting you because I am curious why you decided to order the Demonic Males book. Is it assigned reading for a class? Leisure? I ask because I found Demonic Males to be best taken with a grain of salt. The author makes some compelling arguments about the origin of human violence by using comparative behavioral studies between humans and other apes in order to draw a biological connection. Please note that a complex behavior such as violence cannot be simply boiled down to biology or genetics, and that comparing human behavior and chimpanzee behavior is often times misleading. These comparisons do not tell us much about the "origins" of anything, for we did not evolve from chimps, we evolved WITH them. Also, the notion of "nature vs nurture" is false because they act together. The potential for aggression in any animal may have a root in biology, but it does not make that behavior inevitable. An individual's tendency for violence is influenced by many circumstances, not just biological ones. Environmental and cultural influences are important for stimulating aggression. Some forms of violence exist in every culture, varying in frequency depending on the society. The book makes it sound like violence in human society is inevitable, but not all societies share the same fights over power. Sorry I went on this rant, I just wanted to make sure that this book does not get taken too seriously as factual science, but rather a comparative inter-species study with very debatable ways of interpreting the "evidence." Have a good day!
Which I found to be extremely inappropriate and against Amazon's own policies for sellers. However, I have been unable to notify Amazon of this egregious violation due to their extremely unhelpful "customer 'service' ." I wrote on their facebook page and am I including the seller's email here unedited in hopes that no one will ever order from them again.
For Syrians living in the city of Hama, it's a recurring nightmare — the sounds of tanks rolling into the city center, and screams.
The worst violence of the Syrian uprising came to Hama over the weekend when government security forces, on orders from Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, sent tanks into the city to try and quell the revolt, killing scores of protesters. The offensive has not let up and activists in the area now say that more than 100 people have been killed in the last 24 hours.
The new round of violence in Hama came just hours after the United Nations and others around the international community condemned the violence and the Assad regime.
GlobalPost in Damascus: A Syrian soldier tells it like it is
It's not the first time that Hama has witnessed such a slaugher. In 1982, Hafiz al-Assad, Bashar al-Assad's father, ordered the military into the city to violently put down an Islamic uprising, killing more than 25,000 people.
With foreign journalists, and other international observers, barred from entering the country, the only source of information is coming from the growing networks of activists who are inside and outside the country and armed with notebooks and cell phones. A number of shaky, but shocking, videos of the attacks have been passed around and posted to YouTube.
GlobalPost's Hugh Macleod and Annasofie Flamand caught up with several of those activists to find out how they are managing to get the information out, and at what cost.
The Spirit of Aloha Doesn't Extend to Taxes
From Grassroot Institute, August 26, 2016
Hawaii is famous around the world for being friendly, warm, and welcoming. It's paradise on Earth...except when it comes to your wallet.
The state persistently receives criticism from think tanks for its high cost of living and oppressive tax scheme. It has almost reached the point where it's more notable when we don't end up on the bottom of a nationwide ranking related to taxation or government regulation.
Now, Hawaii finds itself at the top of a list. Unfortunately, that's not a good thing. Kiplinger.com, the financial analysis site, has rated Hawaii one of the "The Least Tax Friendly States in the U.S." Unsurprisingly, our heavy excise tax and personal income tax rates received particular criticism:
"Temporary income tax rate hikes expired in 2016, lowering the top rate from 11% to 8.25%. But that top rate kicks in at just $48,000 for individual filers. Also, don't be fooled by Hawaii's 4% sales tax rate. Since it's due on virtually all transactions, the pocketbook effect is severe."
The state's gasoline tax ($0.43 per gallon), sin taxes, hotel tax, rental car tax, and wireless taxes also contributed to the poor rating. Honolulu's Rail surcharge is mentioned multiple times as the excise tax compounds with other taxes to drive prices up even further. The only bright spot?.
"Property taxes as a percentage of home value are the lowest in the U.S."
Granted, none of this is particularly new to those of us who pay those taxes. However, we must recognize the cumulative effect of living in the country's "the least tax friendly state." Not only does it make everything more expensive, and not only does the regressive excise tax fall the heaviest on those making the least, but it also acts as a barrier to economic growth.
If there's one thing we can learn from the annual "Rich States Poor States" report, it's that states with lower tax rates and fiscally responsible policies experience more economic growth and job creation than states with high taxes and a local government in love with red tape.
Unfortunately, Hawaii has both the big taxes and the big government. If we want to see more investment in our state and a thriving economy, then we must do what we can to add a little more "aloha" to our tax policy.
E hana kakou (Let's work together!),
Keli'i Akina, Ph.D.
President/CEO
* * * * *
The Least Tax-Friendly States in the U.S.
From Kiplinger.com, August, 2016 (excerpts)
…Updated for 2016, here is our list of the 10 least tax-friendly states in the U.S., where you'll pay above-average taxes on income, property, gas and almost everything you buy. The same states occupy the five “top” spots on our list as they did in 2015; Minnesota is the biggest mover on the list, now the No. 6 least-friendly state for taxes, in part due to a new top tax rate on the state's highest earners.In many cases, taxes may rise even higher in the years ahead. Our review of states' fiscal health reveals crippling deficits and pension liabilities that could lead to future tax hikes, service cuts or both….
2. Hawaii
State income tax: 1.4% (on income of up to $2,400/individual, $4,800/joint) - 8.25% (on income of more than $48,000/individual, $96,000/joint)
Effective income tax rate: 6.5%/individual, 7.1%/joint
Average state and local sales tax: 4.35%
Gas taxes and fees: 43 cents per gallon (varies by county)
Hawaii has the highest effective income tax rate of all 50 states (only Washington, D.C., has a higher rate). A married couple with taxable income of $150,000 a year, two children, $5,000 in dividend income and mortgage interest of $10,000 would pay more than $9,300 a year in state income taxes. A single resident with $45,000 in earned income would pay more than $2,700.
Hawaii's average combined state and local sales tax rate is 4.35%, among the lowest in the U.S. However, that's misleading because few purchases, other than prescription drugs, are exempt from tax. Vehicles are subject to a 4% sales tax (technically an excise tax levied on businesses), even if they're purchased on the mainland.
While property values are high, property taxes as a percentage of home value are the lowest in the U.S. The property tax on the state's median home value of $528,000 is $1,401, according to the Tax Foundation….
read … The Least Tax-Friendly States in the U.S.
MENS Backless Bulge Boosting Enhancer Sling! Hot! M-L-XL
Enhancement Sling.
Supports and enhances!
COLOR NOW IS ALL WHITE!
1 1/4-Inch Soft Waist Band.
Stretches from 28 inches to 40 inches.
1 1/4 Inch Sling of Soft Comfortable Elastic.
Provides maximum enhancement. Great comfort and perfect for extended wear.
Perfect for underwear, swimwear, shorts and pants!
Or all by itself!
Some of the eBay feedback received for my enhancer slings.
I love my new sling!!!!
Great. Fits like a glove!
It's enhancing right now!
Great item...... thanks!!!
Great product.
Great to do business with ... quick delivery.. awesome!!!!!!
Easy transaction, speedy shipping A+A+A+ terrific merchandise.
Great Product and FAST shipping! A+++ Seller!
Excellent product...just as described... definitely recommend.
Nice. Thank you.
Due to the nature of this item returns are not accepted except for defective merchandise.
We accept PayPal.
Photo Credit: Aaron Doster/USA TODAY SPORTS
After their lengthy, yet controversial second day of the draft on Saturday afternoon, the Toronto Maple Leafs added to their run of acquisition by trading for 21-year-old forward Kerby Rychel. We joked about bending the rules to skew the trade further, but in reality, the team will likely stay at giving up Scott Harrington and possibly a 5th round pick.
It's a good price. But I want to bring up five points involving their new acquisition, if I may.
Positioning
A lot of successful player development comes from putting those players in a position to succeed. Sometimes that's forcing them to play against tougher competition to improve their fundamental game. Sometimes it's letting them beat up on weaker competition to get their creative game going. Maybe it's playing them with better linemates, or letting them carry a line, or adjusting their zone starts to their play style.
Nobody knows what the hell the Blue Jackets were doing with Rychel.
The young forward had a very solid rookie season with in the AHL and had a strong camp in the fall. Despite this, he was cut from the bottom-feeder Blue Jackets and sent back down, so he followed it up with an incredible start to 2015/16. In 21 games, he scored five goals and added 15 assists, which was near the top of his team. Unhappy that it wasn't enough to get him up to the big club, it was made public that he had requested a trade at the beginning of the year.
Columbus' asking price was high, so nobody immediately came to the rescue. So they called him up to the big club in hopes of keeping him satisfied but didn't really give him any opportunity to show off his talent. He played just 9:31 a game, got no special teams time and started most of his shifts in the defensive zone. When he returned to the Monsters two months later, the team had decided that they were going to focus on the other players in the group, and his role was diminished there too. By the time the playoffs ended, he was a Calder Cup champion, but a roster afterthought.
It's up to Toronto now to figure out what's the best way to maximize him. Is it playing him on the Leafs in a sheltered, mostly offensive role? Is it making him the Marlies' first line winger? By the end of camp, they're going to have to outline a clear and concise plan to get the player back on track.
No Place Like Home
Even if the answer is “a little bit more time in the AHL for you, Kerby”, he might be willing to take it if its well pitched. For one, Toronto's development model seems to be a bit better regarded than Columbus' right now. Two, there's a proven track record of shared resources and opportunity to go back up and down. Three, changes of scenery tend to create a benefit of the doubt that your bosses aren't inherently against you.
But Toronto has another advantage, in that Rychel is a local boy through and through. Everybody knows that he was born in Torrence, California; few know that the reason for that was because his father was on the Los Angeles Kings at the time. Rychel plays for Team Canada was raised in Southern Ontario and makes his Toronto biases known. The young man seems genuinely excited to be a part of the Leafs organization, too. If he does, he'll share an experience with his dad, who wore the blue and white in 1994/95.
I'm not a fan of the Don Cherry's of the world claiming that Ontario boys are inherently better at hockey. I'm always going to lean to numbers over intangibles. But I can totally buy that there's another layer of determination and pride behind playing for something a group or organization that you have more emotional attachment to, be it the local team, favourite team, or just the team that isn't treating you poorly.
Pridham's Law
Once again, the Leafs have taken advantage of the Collective Bargaining Agreement with this move.
Harrington, based on his AHL and NHL experience, will be waiver-eligible as early as this training camp, and would require protection for the 2017/18 Las Vegas Expansion Draft. The former stipulation is the reason for the conditional draft pick, as Harrington is a high risk to not make the Blue Jackets and require waivers in a few months.
Rychel doesn't require waivers. Not at training camp, and not at all next year; his exemption holds until the start of 2017/18. But, as a two-year AHL veteran, he's not protected from the Expansion Draft, right?
Hold the phone.
Teenagers in the AHL are rare due to the CHL transfer agreement; typically, you only see Europeans and North Americans who forgo the NCAA. But you can also jump to the AHL if you finish four full major-junior seasons, a circumstance that only applies to late-year players who jumped into junior as early as possible. Jason Spezza is a famous example of this, and Rychel matches the rule. As such, his first year in the AHL was considered a slide-year, and not a professional season. Like William Nylander, he's exempt from the expansion draft.
The Risk of Patience
The Leafs waited on this trade, and it paid off. Aaron Portzline reported back in January that the Leafs were one of the teams interested in acquiring Rychel back in January. Many felt that he could return a reasonably high draft pick in return. Elliotte Friedman reported back in October that Columbus wanted Anaheim defenceman Shea Theodore as a send-back. instead, the Leafs gave up a defenceman in Harrington who both hasn't played in months, and that they likely wouldn't have developed into an NHLer.
Don't get me wrong, patience can go the other way too. Teams stayed patient on Jonathan Drouin, and now he's rebuilt his bridge with Tampa Bay and appears to be in it for the long haul there. But in a situation like this, where the holding team wasn't doing the player many favours, waiting it out was a power move.
The Logjam
The Leafs have a lot of decision making to do on the wing. Even if you assume that Rychel will definitely stay on the left side, he still has to break through a group of Josh Leivo, Andreas Johnson, Colin Smith, and Brendan Leipsic to get to a level where he has to take on James van Riemsdyk, Milan Michalek, and Colin Greening for spots.
That's not counting the younger prospects behind them all, like Dmytro Timashov, Martins Dzierkals, and Carl Grundstrom, among others. Right Wing has a similar logjam, with eight players under contract, six waiting for ELCs, and Shane Conacher on an AHL deal.
Toronto's in a position where they can start packaging a few players to make more immediate upgrades. Does acquiring Rychel mean that a Johnson or a Leipsic gets used as bait with to upgrade a defenceman? Or maybe there's intent with a logjam; injury replacement and fostering competition are just two ways that a team can benefit from an abundance.
Overall, I believe the Rychel acquisition to be a shrewd one by the organization. They got a gritty yet dynamic player with a noticeable upside at an extremely low cost, which gives them more flexibility to move around wingers moving forward. The organization is set up to develop him, and he'll with a plan and in place and a local attachment, he'll be more likely to buy into whatever Toronto has set out for him. It's the type of move that every team should look to make.
President Donald Trump wants the issue of Russian influence in the 2016 election to vanish. He has called it “a hoax” in his tweets But it's not. It's real – and might take years to resolve.
FBI Director James Comey testifies before the House Intelligence Committee hearing into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has been on the case since July. Its chief, James B. Comey, is creating a headquarters task force to coordinate the work of at least three field offices to find the facts. The federal investigators, and platoons of the nation's best journalists, have a long battle ahead.
READ MORE FROM REUTERS:
Commentary: The worrying lessons of the Syria chemical attack
Commentary: When the FBI confronts the White House
Commentary: North Korea gives Donald Trump a nuclear crisis from hell
Comey made clear to the House Intelligence Committee that this is a spy-catching case, involving Russian intelligence and suspected American agents of influence. It takes time to solve such mysteries. The FBI spent two decades uncovering a Russian mole in its own ranks.
And this investigation is more complex than Watergate, a domestic case of political espionage that took more than two years before it felled President Nixon. It's more intricate than the Iran-Contra imbroglio, when the Reagan administration sold weapons to Tehran and slipped the profits to Central American rebels, and which took six years to conclude in court.
The Russia case, like Watergate, starts with a break-in at Democratic headquarters – only Moscow did it, virtually, with cyberwarfare. Like Iran-Contra, it involves interplay among foreign agents and the National Security Council – in this case, retired Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, the cashiered NSC director.
Flynn has offered to tell his version of the story to the congressional intelligence committees in exchange for immunity from criminal prosecution. I would not necessarily take him at his word. At the last job he lost, running the Defense Intelligence Agency, his subordinates called his version of the truth “Flynn facts” – untruths.
Here's one indisputable fact: Flynn was paid by firms linked to Russia, including the state-run RT TV, and failed to disclose those payments in official White House financial forms filed in February, right before he was fired.
Here's another: He was let go for misleading Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations during the presidential transition with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak.
These included five phone calls on Dec. 29, the day the United States retaliated for Moscow's meddling in the election. He denied discussing the thorny issue of sanctions with Kislyak, although he did just that. Three years ago, President Barack Obama imposed severe economic sanctions on Russia for seizing Crimea and threatening Ukraine, both territories of the old Soviet Union. These measures targeted Moscow's financial institutions and Russian leader Vladimir Putin's inner circle – the oligarchs. Putin wants these sanctions to vanish.
Why have key members of Team Trump, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions and presidential son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner, kept their lips zipped about their meetings with Team Putin? And why is Trump denying that the “Russia story” is a reality – other than to quash the idea that Moscow wanted him to win the election?
Be prepared for an epic struggle before we have straight answers.
The House Intelligence Committee's investigation has been derailed. The Republican chairman of the committee, Devin Nunes, has canceled or postponed key hearings. He has undermined himself by reviewing classified documents on White House grounds, discussing the reports with Trump while stiff-arming the committee's top Democrat, then misrepresenting the fact that he got the documents from a former counsel to the committee, now a White House lawyer, and the senior director for NSC intelligence. A Democratic member of the intelligence committee warned: “This is what a cover-up to a crime looks like.”
What crime? We may not know for many months if one exists. If Flynn knows, and if he wants to barter for immunity, he had better be ready to deliver evidence directly to the FBI that people above his pay grade were party to a conspiracy.
Comey and his FBI agents are out to gather evidence that could be used in a court of law against members of Team Trump. It will be extraordinarily difficult: cases touching on international espionage, electronic eavesdropping, political warfare, or the power of the president can involve information too sensitive to reveal at trial.
But the FBI went after Nixon and Watergate, the Reagan administration and Iran-Contra, and Bill Clinton respectively – toppling a president, winning indictments against top national security aides, and bringing evidence that led to an impeachment.
The president of the United States may think it's fake news, but it's the truth. The FBI is not going to let this case go away. And its investigation may last as long as the Trump administration.
SAN DIEGO, March 7 (UPI) -- A new bill proposed by a California lawmaker will take aim at SeaWorld, hoping to shutter its longtime Shamu show after a documentary last year alleged the park mistreated its whales.
State Assembly member Richard Bloom, D-Santa Monica, drafted legislation that would ban orca whale performances at entertainment parks in the state -- which only applies to SeaWorld in San Diego -- after seeing last year's controversial Blackfish.
The law, if passed, would also ban captive orca breeding programs and prohibit importing and exporting the animals. Orcas already at SeaWorld would be "retired" -- put on public view, but prohibited from performing.
Blackfish alleged SeaWorld mistreated its orcas, keeping them in inhumane conditions and putting trainers in danger. The company, which has parks all over the world, blasted the documentary as propaganda.
[CBS San Diego]
May 16, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; Toronto Blue Jays center fielder Kevin Pillar (11) hits a home run in the fifth inning during a game against the Atlanta Braves at Rogers Centre. Mandatory Credit: Nick Turchiaro-USA TODAY Sports
Tensions rose in Atlanta Wednesday night, with Kevin Pillar‘s actions after yelling out an offensive phrase to Braves pitcher Jason Motte leaving a sour taste with many Toronto Blue Jays fans.
Wednesday night was not Kevin Pillar's finest moment. Visiting the brand new SunTrust Park in Atlanta, the Toronto Blue Jays outfielder got a bit personal with the Braves in their third meeting of the season.
It all stemmed from Pillar not being happy with a quick pitch from Jason Motte that, unfortunately, led to a comment by him that won't sit well with many fans. Pillar blurted out an offensive homophobic term that got the Blue Jays faithful to respond aggressively on social media.
Seeing too many people making excuses for Pillar. That's a problem. Whether you see it that way or not, it's a problem. — Sam (@SLM9461) May 18, 2017
Kevin Pillar… American league leader in hits and being an idiot. What he said was not okay, and neither was his apology. #BlueJays — Zach (@zachanthems) May 18, 2017
@taboada93 "It's part of the game". Those words don't have any place anywhere. — Ben Snider (@bensnider_10) May 18, 2017
So disappointed in Pillar's actions and then half-assed apology. Ughhhhh pic.twitter.com/B8Dxxz4ymV — ⚾️ steph malek ⚾️ (@stephanie_malek) May 18, 2017
Pillar spoke with the media after the game, to explain his choice of words towards the situation.
Here's part of what Pillar had to say about words being exchanged with Motte and how it started with the quick pitch. #BlueJays pic.twitter.com/QN5ctGHWe8 — Gregor Chisholm (@gregorMLB) May 18, 2017
Is it disappointing? Absolutely. If anything, it reminded fans on what happened a few years back with Yunel Escobar during his tenure with the Blue Jays, when his eye black during a mid-September game in 2012 had a homophobic phrase written on it.
The result? A three-game suspension handed out by then Blue Jays general manager Alex Anthopolous without pay, which was donated to “You Can Play and the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation”.
According to MLB.com, Escobar also was a part of an initiative to educate people on sensitivity and tolerance towards people based on their sexual orientation. Jump to 2017 and what happens to Pillar today after the comment?
After shooting a poll on social media, the majority consensus among users that voted believed nothing will happen to Pillar, with a suspension or punishment (such as a fine) coming in second.
Got to ask the fans (updated option), what do you think happens to Pillar after tonight? #BlueJays — Jose Taboada (@taboada93) May 18, 2017
For now, more apologies are set to be made by Pillar after his initial statement. According to Sportsnet's Hazel Mae, Pillar will reach out to the Atlanta Braves organization.
However, fans are looking for a bigger apology for the LGBTQ community. At this point, it's just a roller coaster Pillar definitely doesn't want to be a part of.
What do you think will happen to Pillar? How do you feel about his comments from Wednesday night's game? Let us know in the comments below.
Photo: Vivien Killilea/Getty Images
A year after winning solid ratings and good reviews for a multipart exploration of The Sixties, CNN and executive producer Tom Hanks are turning back the clock for a sequel — titled, of course, The Seventies, premiering tonight at 9 p.m. EST on the news network. The eight-part documentary look at the Decade will explore the usual touchstones: Watergate, the end of the Vietnam War, the rise and fall of disco. And kicking things off tonight is “Television Gets Real,” an hour-long primer on how the medium derided decades before as a “vast wasteland” began to grow up and tackle serious themes as never before. One of the key players in that evolutio n— and a frequent presence on tonight's episode of The Seventies — was a then-unknown actor named LeVar Burton, who starred as the slave Kunta Kinte in ABC's landmark 1977 mini-series Roots. (And, in case you've been stuck in the '70s since then, you know that he would go on to land two more iconic roles: Geordi on Star Trek: The Next Generation, and the host of PBS's Reading Rainbow.) We caught up with Burton Wednesday and talked about his memories of the decade, how Roots changed America forever, and the status of his Reading Rainbow revival.
So the first episode of The Seventies is all about how TV became more than just the “boob tube” during that decade. And while today it's often said, I think correctly, that there is a lot more really good TV being produced, I don't think TV has quite the same impact it did then. It was so much more central to our lives then. Do you agree?
I do. I absolutely do. I mean, it was the beginning of television becoming a major force in our lives. It was part of our lives in a slightly different way in the '70s — [it was] the delivery system for that which was really important in the world. I think the original charter for television was that it could really educate the masses as well as entertain. And I think the '70s was a real delivery on the promise of that potential.
That certainly is what happened with Roots.
And so many other shows. It wasn't just drama. There were the Norman Lear comedies, and how they moved the culture forward. All in the Family, The Jeffersons, Good Times: These shows were about life in America, and it was a reflection of America as it was. That was new for television. They came up with [the phrase] “Must-See TV” in the '80s, but must-see TV was really born in the '70s. On Saturday nights, you didn't go out. When Roots aired, you didn't go out. You stayed at home, and you watched as a family.
Is TV today as interested in making a difference in society, in moving it forward?
It helps if you expand your definition of what television is. There is some amazing storytelling being done in the medium — a lot of it on cable. But, yes: You will not find a network [doing] what Fred Silverman did when he was at CBS in the '70s. He said, “All right, all of these popular rural shows, like Petticoat Junction and Green Acres? We're going to take them off the air. And we're going to replace them with something closer to the pulse of what's going on in this nation.” You would never see a decision like that made by a network head today, right? There are far fewer risks being taken. It's a different landscape today. Monetarily, financially, the stakes are higher.
Some of those risks are being taken, though, like you said, you have to think beyond broadcast — to cable and streaming. And you need to look for those shows.
We live in an age where there is so much choice; discernment is the key. In some ways, all of the power has been placed in the hands of the many, in the hands of the consumer, now. And it is up to us to put together a balanced, healthy diet of television, because there's so much to choose from. And you're right: A lot of it is crap.
What show or shows do you remember loving in the ‘70s?
Star Trek. Gene Rodenberry's vision of the future was one that embraced me, and I embraced it. It was a big deal for me and my family to see Clarence Williams III on Mod Squad, to see Sammy Davis Jr. on an episode of The Rifleman, to see Diahann Carroll have her own series with Julia. These were huge moments for us, because being reflected in the popular culture is essential for the establishment of anyone's healthy self-identity.
And Roots was perhaps the most monumental demonstration of that during the decade. Right now, when something becomes a hit, we can track it via social media or the million online publications out there. How did you know Roots was turning into a phenomenon?
I watched night one in Southern California. And then I drove to Sacramento and watched night two with my mom and a small group of family and friends. The morning of day three, I was recognized in the supermarket running an errand for my mom. It was on the cover of TV Guide and Life magazine, and it was all over the airwaves. It was what everyone was talking about — on the street, in the schools, in office buildings. It was the national conversation. Those first eight nights were phenomenal, and the wave just kept rolling in. It was like a tsunami. It just didn't stop. The water wasn't receding. Roots and the conversation it sparked culturally became a part of the fabric of America. There was an America before Roots, and there was an America after Roots. And the country was really forever changed … Roots was one of the first opportunities we had to see our story, our journey in America told through our own eyes.
You talked about the importance of viewers seeing themselves on TV. I don't want to draw too exact a link with Roots, but this year we also saw a show that resonated …
You're going to link it to Empire?
I am, just a bit! The ratings among African-American audiences were bigger than some Super Bowls. Do you think it connected in a similar way as Roots?
Absolutely. It is [about] this slice of American life — hip-hop culture — which is the lingua franca of the planet. And it is told through the eyes of black people. You cannot underestimate the power of seeing oneself, feeling oneself represented in the popular culture.
One of the hallmarks of '70s and '80s television, at least for working actors back then, was doing a guest spot on an anthology show — particularly the Aaron Spelling shows. You did a Love Boat opposite Shari Belafonte a few years before Star Trek: The Next Generation, where your character was blind. And you did a Fantasy Island, and then in the 1980s, you were on Murder, She Wrote. What was it like being a guest on those shows back then? Was it a factory, where you were just in and out, doing your scenes?
It was. I did not go on a cruise or to Fantasy Island. It was all on a stage at the Goldwyn lot on Formosa. And yeah, it was a bit of a factory. But it was what one did back in the day, you know?
Was it fun?
It was enormous fun. There was a tendency, I suppose, at one point in my career, where I would have wanted to minimize having done both of those shows. But now? I'm good with it. I'm happy to have been a part of that era of television. It wasn't moving the culture forward, necessarily. But it was great entertainment, or else people wouldn't have tuned in week after week. And Sammy Davis Jr. played my father!
How was he to work with?
It was amazing. After shooting, he invited us all up to his house. It's one of my most treasured memories of the 36, 37 years I've been in this business — getting to spend time with a hero and a legend.
Let's move ahead to the present. It was announced a few months ago that you were coming onboard as a co-executive producer on the remake of Roots being done by the A&E Networks group. That was something of a relief to those of us wondering why such a classic even had to be remade. But do you understand why some might be wary of this project?
I had that same response. I was skeptical when I first heard of the effort. [But] in talking to Mark Wolper, [original producer] David Wolper's son, he explained to me how he had a very difficult time getting his children to watch the original Roots because they felt it was dated. And that immediately resonated in my own life. My 21-year-old, only in the last few years has she started watching black-and-white movies. What I recognized is that there's a whole generation of Americans for whom Roots is the house band for Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show. This is too important of a part of our common history in America, both black people and white people, to be forgotten, to not be a current aspect of our memory. And so I made a decision to become involved in order to make it as good as I believed it could possibly be — and not sit on the sidelines and judge.
You broke the internet with your Kickstarter for Reading Rainbow. How are things going?
Well, the Skybrary is up and running. You will recall that the Kickstarter was about every child, everywhere. And this is our first post-Kickstarter project — our library of books and videos on the web. It's the app translated for the web browser, and with more access, we can make a difference in the lives of more kids. And we're looking forward to releasing our product for classroom use in the fall, Reading Rainbow for the classroom. So, as '70s icon Sonny Bono would've said, the beat goes on.
Are you still interested in eventually bringing the show back to TV?
We're looking at TV. However, you gotta remember that television was simply the technology of access we used in the '80s. If you want to reach kids today, you need to be in the digital realm. You have to be an app, you have to be on the web. So we are crawling before we walk, walking before we can run. Television is on our road map. But it wasn't first. That's the significant difference. When we relaunched Reading Rainbow we didn't go to television first, because our mission is to be effective.
You've been in asked a lot in past interviews about the fact that you've had iconic roles for three generations of viewers: Roots for the baby boomers, TNG for Gen X, and Reading Rainbow for the millennials. I'm wondering if, even though it was just two episodes, you think your Community guest spots might one day be similar touchstones?
I definitely get recognized now for my appearances on both Community and Big Bang Theory. How great is that? How lucky am I?
Human remains have been found at the site where a F-16 fighter jet crashed Thursday in northwestern Arizona, according to Luke Air Force Base officials.
The pilot was identified as a Taiwanese Air Force student during a Thursday afternoon press conference.
Additional tests will be conducted for a final positive identification. Officials say while this is not conclusive, it is another indication the pilot did not survive the accident
The cause of the crash is unknown at this time, officials said.
The crash occurred at about 8:45 a.m. in rugged terrain near Bagdad in Yavapai County, Luke officials said.
A Yavapai County Sheriff's Office spokesman said the crash site was found south of Bagdad by a helicopter crew about four hours after the jet went down.
The area is sparsely populated. Bagdad is about 85 miles northwest of Luke, which is located in the Phoenix suburb of Glendale.
Base officials said the jet was assigned to the 56th Fighter Wing at Luke, which is a major pilot-training base for the Air Force and foreign military services.
The cause of the crash wasn't known, and the wing's commander established an interim safety board to conduct a preliminary investigation, Luke officials said.
Several civilian agencies sent aircraft and personnel in response to word of the crash.
The Yavapai County Sheriff's Office sent a helicopter to look for the crash site, while the Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesman Quentin Mehr sent troopers, a rescue helicopter and explosive ordinance and hazardous material teams, spokesmen said.
Recent previous crashes involving F-16s from Luke included one on a training mission in southern New Mexico. That pilot ejected safely.
So did an instructor pilot and a student pilot in June 2013 after their two-seat F-16 hit several birds during takeoff from Luke. The jet crashed in a farm field.
An Air Force investigation report said the instructor pilot was at fault because he made a rapid climbing turn after the bird strike, robbing the plane of airspeed and the ability to recover and return to the base.
We will update this story as more information comes into the newsroom.
Eric Bledsoe leads Suns teammates in a yoga session on a beach in San Diego earlier this week. (Photo: Courtesy of Mike Elliott, Phoenix Suns Strength and Conditioning Coach)
Enlightenment comes in a variety of hues and textures. How appropriate that evidence of Eric Bledsoe's journey took the shape of a yoga pose on a San Diego beach with the soundtrack of crashing waves.
The Suns guard has reinvented himself. Not in a publicity-monger kind of way but in an “I'm tired of unmet expectations” one. This week, on his own dime, he flew a collection of teammates, including the three Suns 2016 draft picks, to Southern California for a three-day minicamp of beach workouts, pickup games and fun events with the hope of giving the Suns' 2016-17 season a head start.
“The way the collective bargaining rules work, we're limited to what we can pay for in the offseason,” Suns General Manager Ryan McDonough said. “So Eric stepped up and said, ‘Hey, for the young guys, the guys who haven't made a lot of money, I'll foot the bill, I'll pay for those guys to come. That's how important it is for me to lead this team.' "
RELATED: Bledsoe a Suns presence despite injury
Bledsoe's maturity is a key piece to making the Suns' vision of success through young talent work. It is not just about transforming his body and mind but about setting the right tone for an impressionable group of players. Only in the NBA can a 26-year-old be considered a sage veteran, and this is a roster with three potential impact players at 19 and younger.
Bledsoe's talents have never been in doubt. He was well respected during his one year with Kentucky and three with the Clippers, but also overshadowed by other standout point guards.
He is a quick, strong, aggressive two-way player, and a terrific shooter with a reliable mid-range shot. What has kept him from an elite tag is occasional lapses, particularly away from the ball, and concern about past injuries (a torn meniscus in both knees).
It has hurt him, too, that he is, by nature, shy. Not everyone is wired to be the life of the party or to feel comfortable in front of a microphone. It shouldn't be used against him. But sometimes his demeanor was confused as a lack of passion, and that is anything but Bledsoe.
Growing up poor in Birmingham, Ala., he was obsessed with the game. He spent many free hours at a nearby recreation center near his home, endlessly playing pickup games until his mom, Maureen Reddick, would drag him out.
BOIVIN: Chriss' past includes 65-yard pass
He grew up around a collection of strong female role models, from his mom to several female coaches, and you can hear the respect in his voice when he speaks of them.
He has experienced success and failure during his three seasons with the Suns and in some ways the juxtaposition has served him well. The early victories made him detest the later losses.
And he has been a changed man since his second knee injury, in December, ended his season.
“I remember having a conversation with him,” said Mike Elliott, the Suns' strength and conditioning coach. “He said, ‘I want to have success here, l want to live here and have this be my home. I want to bring this franchise back to what it used to be.‘
“I don't know that I've been more proud of a player that we've had when it comes to development and a professional changing of habits. We've had a lot of guys who have done that over the years, but this has been as dramatic (a change) as I've seen.”
Bledsoe's focus on improvement hasn't been in just one area. He is leaner and stronger and paying more attention to details such as nutrition and sleep, the latter an area than has received more scientific study in the sports world recently.
BICKLEY:Suns buy more time with intriguing draft
Bledsoe used to be guilty of staying up late playing video games and coming to practice sluggish.
“Now he's in early every day,” Elliott said. “He's happy, talkative.”
He also has worked hard to be more connected with the community. In May, he organized an impromptu four-mile bike ride, inviting fans on Twitter. Because it seemed out of character for the quiet Bledsoe, some weren't sure if it was real.
Last week, he stopped by the Suns' annual youth basketball camp at Thunderbird High. One reason he went, he said, is because he had thoughts about his youth.
Bled love the kids! Thanks for having me at the camp. pic.twitter.com/lsSeE2S1Nq — Eric Bledsoe (@EBled2) June 28, 2016
“I was that little rug rat,” he said. “But I never had the luxury of meeting an NBA player growing up and I can only imagine how I would have felt if I had met someone I looked up to or had played in the NBA.”
Bledsoe is putting himself out there in a world that doesn't come easy for him.
And he is taking many of his teammates along for the ride because he said he believes in the organization and its direction. In addition to draft picks Dragan Bender, Marquese Chriss and Tyler Ulis, Suns teammates Devin Booker, Brandon Knight and Alan Williams were in San Diego sharing the experience.
The team clearly believed in him, too, when it signed him to a five-year, $70 million deal in September 2014 that will cover the years NBA players are widely believed to be in their prime.
McDonough is thrilled with what he sees.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Sports Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Can't wait to read sports news? Get crucial breaking sports news alerts to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Sports Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
RELATED: Suns select another Kentucky guard in draft
“As soon as the season ended, Eric said, ‘I'm frustrated with how the year went, I'm frustrated I got injured, what do you guys need me to do? What can I do to help?' " McDonough said. “He's been unbelievable. Not just good but unbelievable since the season ended, in terms of organizing our group and coming down to Phoenix and working out.”
For Bledsoe, the reason is simple.
“You‘ve got to be committed to the process of where you want to be,” he said. “I'm dedicated to putting the work in.”
If this is the Age of Bledsoe Enlightenment, the Suns are thrilled.
Reach Paola Boivin at paola.boivin@arizparepublic.com and on Twitter at Twitter.com/PaolaBoivin. Listen to her streaming live on “The Brad Cesmat Show” on sports360az.com every Monday at 10:30 a.m.
The modest white house on Arlene Avenue in Dayton, Ohio, was an eyesore. The paint was peeling, and parts of the shutters were missing. The yard was thickly overgrown, and the back door, such as it was, had been jury-rigged from plywood.
The home on Jeanette Street in New Orleans didn't look much better, with its broken steps, exposed wiring and vines sprouting from the gutter.
And the pale-green property on 64th Avenue in Oakland, Calif., ticked off many of the same complaints: broken windows, damaged fence, rotten wood, peeling paint.
Each of these homes, among more than 2,300 foreclosures around the country visited by fair-housing testers between 2011 and 2015, sits in a census tract that is overwhelmingly nonwhite. Nonprofit housing advocacy groups allege in a federal district court lawsuit filed in California this month that the lender responsible for maintaining them, the quasi-government agency Fannie Mae, allowed them to deteriorate.
The organizations, led by the National Fair Housing Alliance, say that Fannie Mae has systematically failed to care for houses in foreclosure in minority neighborhoods while ensuring that those in working- and middle-class white communities were well tended and ready for sale. The lawsuit says these racial disparities in the foreclosure crisis arose well after the predatory lending that forced many families out of their homes. The disparities also appeared in scenes of vacant homes once those families left.
Using criteria similar to Fannie Mae's own maintenance checklist, investigators tallied the number of problems with each property — a broken gutter, a missing mailbox, an unmowed lawn — and concluded that foreclosures in predominantly minority neighborhoods were more likely to rack up deficiencies.
Foreclosures in predominantly nonwhite neighborhoods recorded more maintenance problems National Fair Housing Alliance, Census
The case is largely about the second-order casualties of foreclosure: the neighbors who live next door, the depressed value of adjacent property and the local housing markets that have recovered slowly where vacant properties accumulated. These cascading consequences, the lawsuit claims, have disproportionately fallen on minority neighborhoods.
“People looking at this from the outside say, ‘Well, those homes were in bad condition,' or ‘They shouldn't have gotten those homes,' and they'll blame those homeowners who lost their homes,” said Shanna Smith, the president of the National Fair Housing Alliance. “Our investigation is trying to help the people who didn't lose their homes and live in that neighborhood and are struggling to build equity and pass on something to their children.”
Foreclosed homes in predominantly minority neighborhoods are six times more likely to have holes in the wall
National Fair Housing Alliance
Fannie Mae said in a statement that it strongly disagrees with the allegations and that its maintenance standards “are designed to ensure that all properties are tended to and treated equally.” A spokeswoman says the agency tries to use local maintenance contractors. It also said it now had a national policy that those contractors use glasslike material instead of plywood on broken windows and doors, eliminating the most visible sign of blight.
Fannie Mae said that a property should receive the same core maintenance regardless of the condition the home is in when the agency takes possession of it. It would not comment, though, on how much it spends on such foreclosure maintenance each year, citing the litigation.
The groups' evidence comes from a yearslong investigation in which housing advocates visited Fannie-owned properties in 38 metropolitan areas. They looked at ZIP codes in both minority and predominantly white working- and middle-class communities with a high number of foreclosures. For each property, investigators assessed basic maintenance items, including whether the lawn had been tended, windows repaired and exterior holes fixed. They checked for damaged siding, unsecured doors and the for-sale signs that mean brokers are actively trying to market a home.
Foreclosed homes in predominantly minority neighborhoods are two times more likely to have broken mailboxes
National Fair Housing Alliance
Every property and every individual deficiency was photographed, creating a collection of nearly 50,000 images of the American foreclosure crisis, from Midwestern bungalows to California McMansions in widely varying condition. (Although Google Street View suggests that some of the homes visited several years ago have since come back to life, the groups were able to study only a small share of the foreclosed properties under Fannie Mae.)
In their database of properties, one-third of the foreclosed properties in census tracts that were at least 75 percent white had fewer than five problems. The same was true of just 9 percent of foreclosures in census tracts that were more than 75 percent nonwhite.
About a third of foreclosures in those heavily minority tracts had more than 10 problems. By contrast, just 7 percent of properties in heavily white areas had that many problems. Many individual issues — unsecured doors, boarded-up windows, overgrown shrubbery — were also significantly more common in the minority neighborhoods than in the white ones.
According to a regression analysis cited in the suit, differences in local crime levels, property values, sales dates, prices and other nonracial factors account for only about one-third of these disparities. The persistent pattern, the lawsuit claims, can be explained only by race.
Foreclosed homes in predominantly minority neighborhoods are five times more likely to have broken windows
National Fair Housing Alliance
The consistency of the finding nationwide suggests a problem baked into Fannie Mae itself, Ms. Smith said, and not limited to the behavior of individual contractors hired to do this maintenance work. A similar investigation did not find the same racial disparities among the smaller stock of foreclosures managed by Freddie Mac, another quasi-government lending agency.
“The simplicity of the investigation is that Fannie had the money, they paid contractors to do the work,” Ms. Smith said. “And Fannie utterly failed to implement quality-control measures to make sure that all of their foreclosures were being properly maintained.”
In Baton Rouge, La., Gloria Williams lives next door to property No. 8440 in the investigation's database, a blue-and-white clapboard house that had what seemed to be a jungle out back and boarded-up windows when investigators visited it in 2014. Ms. Williams, 75, has lived on the block for 47 years, in a home where she raised her son and cared for her mother and has always made sure the lawn was mowed. Her census tract, as of 2010, was 98 percent black.
(Reuters) - Want to own the new iPhone without burning a hole in your pocket every month? Sprint seems to be the cheapest option in the United States.
The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach
Sprint Corp's offer for the 16 GB iPhone 6S with a basic data, calling and text plan costs between $3 and $10.50 less per month than a competing offer from the other three top U.S. carriers.
The competition in the U.S. wireless industry is fierce and the launch of the newest iPhone iteration on Wednesday is a chance for carriers to lure customers away from their rivals.
But, Apple Inc served up a curve ball by offering its own financing scheme for an unlocked iPhone, which gives a customer the liberty to switch between carriers, rather than be tied down by a contract with one carrier.
However, Sprint's plan works out to be cheaper, on a per-month basis, than even buying the iPhone from Apple and going for the cheapest wireless plan on offer.
Sprint is charging $22 per month for the 16 GB iPhone 6S, under a 21-month lease. That along with a basic talk, text and data plan, worth $45, will cost a customer $67 per month.
A T-Mobile US Inc plan similar to Sprint's will cost about $70 per month – $20 for the phone with an 18-month agreement and $50 for a basic wireless plan.
Sprint and T-Mobile usually offer cheaper plans to lure customers from Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc, the top two U.S. wireless companies, which analysts say have better networks.
Verizon's plan costs about $77.08 per month, $27.08 for the iPhone over two years and $50 for a wireless plan.
AT&T's plan, Next12, costs about $77.50 per month, $32.50 for a 20-month phone contract and $45 for a wireless plan.
Under Apple's offer, the iPhone 6S will cost $32.41 per month. Paired with a basic $45 wireless plan, among the cheapest available, the phone would cost $77.41 per month.
And what when a new iPhone is launched?
Sprint allows users to upgrade every time a new iPhone is launched, which typically happens once every year, and charges an activation fee.
T-Mobile allows a free upgrade at any time, while AT&T offers the option of a free upgrade after 12 months.
Verizon's plan also permits an upgrade at any time, but requires customers to pay off the remaining cost of the iPhone.
Still, there are advantages in opting for Apple's financing plan.
Apple's scheme includes AppleCare+, a warranty program that provides two years of hardware protection, instead of the standard one year, as well as coverage for two incidents in cases of accidental damage.
French Aristocracy in the Highlands of York
Thanks to previous farming experience gained in the American colonies, enough of Yonge Street's English-speaking pioneers and Markham'sGerman-speaking settlers overcame initial hardships to carve permanent places for themselves and their descendants in Richmond Hill's history. Unfortunately, a lack of such New World experience proved disastrous to a third group of early Richmond Hill residents - the de Puisaye settlers from France who settled farther north along Yonge Street.
In the closing years of the eighteenth century, this group of exiled French royalists began taking up Crown land grants along both sides of Yonge Street from present-day Elgin Mills Road north to Stouffville Road. Twenty-two lots of two hundred acres (about eighty hectares) each - lots 51 to 62 on the west side of the street and lots 52 to 61 on the east side - were granted. The community would be called Windham, after William Windham, the British secretary of war who had supported this organized colonization effort, although the settlement was more commonly referred to as Puisaye Town, after its colourful and eccentric leader, the Comte de Puisaye.
Joseph-Geneviève, Comte de Puisaye, was born in Mortagne-au-Perche, France, in March 1755, the fourth son of a minor French noble family. Upper Canadians often called him "The French General," despite his mediocre military career. A supporter of moderate reform at the outbreak of the French Revolution in 1789, de Puisaye later became a royalist counter-revolutionary. He took refuge in England and commanded two ill-fated expeditions against revolutionary France in 1795. Then he persuaded the British government to finance a scheme that would settle a number of exiled French royalist officers on land in British North America.
Under de Puisaye's leadership, forty-one would-be settlers sailed from England in the summer of 1798 to lead the way for an expected migration of thousands of French loyalists. They were to receive the same land grants and aid as the United Empire Loyalists who came north after the American Revolution. De Puisaye's group wanted to settle apart from the established French-speaking population, considering themselves a class above the Canadièns. That is why they were given lands along Yonge Street, equidistant from existing French-speaking communities in Lower Canada and along the Detroit River.
This location twenty-five kilometres (about sixteen miles) north of York also presented advantages to the Upper Canadian officials. Here, these émigrés, with their potential for stirring up trouble between France and Britain, could be closely supervised. The former French military officers could also be mobilized to protect the provincial capital from any northern attack and help open up the northern part of Yonge Street. 15
But could such aristocrats survive in the Upper Canadian wilderness? "The trade of farming in this new country requires to Europeans as much an apprenticeship as any handcraft profession," wrote Robert Hamilton, a concerned member of the Legislative Council. "Mixed with older settlers it may be learned by such in time and by patient perseverance." But "a separate establishment of French Emigrants in the woods of the country can never succeed." They would be miserable, Hamilton predicted: "They will be idle and they will certainly become mischievous." 16
The land was granted despite these objections. In late December 1798, de Puisaye and surveyor Augustus Jones headed up Yonge Street to look over the properties. Meanwhile, probably on Christmas Day, thirteen of de Puisaye's followers arrived at York. Colonial officials gave them rations, building materials, tools, and seed for spring sowing. They were lent arms and provided with free transport for their government supplies.
Initially, residents of the Windham settlement lived in temporary barracks and worked together to clear the land and build houses. And they set to work with enthusiasm. "The land is every day being cleared of the trees," reported de Puisaye in mid-January, and "in the course of a month a village has been built." By February 14, wrote another of the émigrés, enough land had been cleared "to give a small crop of wheat, potatoes, etc." Eighteen log cabins had been built, although "not finished inside," and a church was soon to be started. 17 "Strange it must have seemed to them to waken to absolute stillness, to go out each morning to a frozen wilderness, and to hear little during the day but the occasional word of a comrade and the steady stroke of the axe," wrote a student of the colony's history many years later. "It was all very different from their former home across the water with its warm sunshine, its cultivated fields, and the close proximity of friends." 18
Names on a Map: Yonge Street Lots Assigned to French Royalists in 1798 On the East Side: Lot 52 Comte de Puisaye Lot 53 René Augustus, Comte de Chalus Lot 54 Jean Louis, Vicomte de Chalus, and R‚ni Auguste, Comte de Chalus Lot 55 Vicomte de Chalus Lot 56 Chevalier de Marseuil and Michael Fauchard Lot 57 Chevalier de Marseuil Lot 58 Réni Letourneaux, Augustine Boiton, and Vicomte de Chalus Lot 59 Quetton St. George and Jean Furon Lot 60 Ambroise de Farcy Lot 61 Michel Saigeon On the West Side: Lot 56 Michel Saigeon and Francis Renoux Lot 57 Julien de Bugle Lot 58 Comte de Chalus, Ambroise de Farcy and Quetton St. George Lot 59 Quetton St. George Lot 60 Vicomte de Chalus Lot 61 Comte de Chalus and Augustine Boiton
But as spring 1799 blossomed and more émigré settlers arrived, disillusion seems to have set in at the de Puisaye Settlement. Servants brought from England deserted the enterprise for the freedom and opportunities offered by the New World. Melting snow and thawing ground made the road to York impassable for days at a time. There were long delays in the arrival of needed supplies. De Puisaye's frustration was apparent to Peter Russell, administrator of Upper Canada since Governor Simcoe's departure.
"I fear the Count de Puisaye is beginning to grow sick of his Colonial Project," Russell wrote Simcoe in May. "He now thinks the distance too great for navigation, the roads impracticable, and the consequent difficulties of transport insuperable, and in short that his people are unequal to the hardships of reducing such heavy timbered forests into cultivation. He therefore wishes for some situation on the Lake where the nobles, aged, and women may engage in less laborious occupations." 19
The émigré landowners proved slow to learn the art of farming. "When seed-time came I had only a little land cleared," the Chevalier de Marseuil wrote de Puisaye in August 1799. "I wished to plant it. Then the fences being poor the oxen ate everything. Those [servants] which you had the goodness to send me strayed two months ago and notwithstanding my search I am not able to get news of them. I am afraid I shall lose them. After having worked to repair some of the imperfections of my house, the fall of a great oak crushed the front part of the roof and damaged the floor and other parts. The house is repaired now but I sleep on the ground." 20
After the initial weeks of hard work in early 1799, the de Puisaye colonists seemed to make no further advances. "Their log houses always remained the same, and their owners acted as if they were sojourners in a foreign land," wrote William Harrison in later years. "It was no unusual circumstance in those days to see a gentleman of France dressed in the latest fashion of the time, outside the shanty gathering chips to cook the daily meal, and many of the ladies were costly dressed while attending to their domestic affairs." 21 Given their aristocratic background, they preferred the society of York, such as it was, to the hardships of pioneer life.
Before the first year was out, individual Windham colonists began deserting the land. Some moved on to more promising New World centres like Montreal and New York; others beat a hasty retreat back to Europe. Those who remained at Windham were required, as aliens, to wait seven years to obtain clear title to their Yonge Street lands, despite de Puisaye's attempts to shorten the process. When they did receive title in 1807 and 1808, however, they too disposed of their holdings and left for Britain. With the restoration of the French monarchy in 1814, most eventually returned home. Meanwhile, on Yonge Street, "their little clearings were soon overrun with second-growth pine or were squatted on by neighbours and strangers." 22
De Puisaye's own experience was particularly bleak. Although he soon moved his own residence to Niagara, he continued to work for the improvement of his Windham properties and the betterment of his followers. He built a house on each of his four large farms on Yonge Street, cleared the requisite number of acres, and cut and cleared the road allowance. Having met these requirements, he expected to receive patents for the land, but they were never granted him. Disillusioned and impoverished, he returned to England in May 1802, spent the next few years writing and publishing six volumes of memoirs, never set foot again in France, and died near Hammersmith, London, in December 1827. 23
Le Chevalier Michel Saigeon seems to have been the only Windham settler who survived successfully as a pioneer farmer in Upper Canada. Saigeon dropped the titled part of his name and all it implied, and embraced New World attitudes. He eventually took up Lot 7 on the second concession of King Township, married Sarah Lutz, and fathered fifteen children. His grave lies today in the Temperanceville United Church cemetery at Bathurst Street and King Sideroad.
Laurent Quetton St. George also succeeded in Upper Canada, but in trade rather than farming. Born in Verargues, France, in 1771, he was christened Laurent Quet, although the family also used the name Quetton. He adopted the surname St. George in England in 1796 - a way of thanking his new country by taking the name of its patron saint - and signed Quetton St. George thereafter. He arrived at the Windham settlement early in 1799, and for the next two or three years engaged in fur trade with the Mississauga Indians, operating from a base at Lake Couchiching. In 1802, when de Puisaye made plans to return to England, St. George moved on to Niagara, then eventually York, where he prospered in the retail trade.
St. George sailed from Quebec for England and France in November 1815, apparently intending to return to Upper Canada at some time in the future. But on the proceeds of his Upper Canadian business ventures and lands, he instead bought an estate near Montpellier, France, and transformed himself into a French landed gentleman. After his marriage to Adèle de Barbeyrac in 1819, and desiring a measure of bourgeois respectability, he revised those portions of his will pertaining to an Upper Canadian son and a daughter born to St. George and Marguerite Vallière, daughter of a Windham blacksmith. St. George died in Orléans, France, in June 1821. 24
It was not St. George's Canadian-born natural children, but his French-born legitimate son, Henry, who played a role in Richmond Hill's history in later years. As a young man, Henry kept in touch with his father's Toronto friends, the Baldwins, who looked after the St. George properties and business interests in the New World. Henry himself moved to Upper Canada in 1847, and divided his time between a city residence in Toronto and a country estate he purchased and named Glen Lonely, until his death in 1896.
The Glen Lonely estate was located at the northeast corner of present-day Bayview Avenue and Bethesda Sideroad, part of lots 6 and 7 on the second concession of Whitchurch Township, and included St. George Lake. Henry St. George's first house there was a big log structure, with huge fireplaces and comfortable rooms. After it was destroyed by fire, St. George built a more pretentious frame residence, four storeys high, with a huge entrance hall, winding staircases, fine antique furniture, and a whiskey still in the garret. This "château" was surrounded by landscaped lawns and approached along treed driveways.
For all its elegance, Glen Lonely proved anything but pleasant for Henry St. George. His infant daughter, Mary Joan, died a year after the St. Georges arrived in Upper Canada, and his wife was so distraught that she returned to France. Another daughter, Madeleine St. George, lived with her father for a time, then entered a convent in Paris. Glen Lonely was indeed a lonely place of exile for the last quarter-century of Henry St. George's life.
St. George lies buried in the cemetery of St. John's Anglican Church, on the east side of Yonge Street just south of Stouffville Road, near the historical marker commemorating the de Puisaye settlement. Today, part of his Glen Lonely estate survives as the Lake St. George Conservation Area, where students from Metropolitan Toronto and the York Region school boards come to study nature, the environment, and conservation.
Meanwhile, as the eighteenth century drew to a close, the mixture of English and German-speaking settlers farther south along Yonge Street,Bayview Avenue, and Leslie Street struggled to carve an existence out of the Upper Canadian bush. For most, it was a pioneer life of hard work in their cabins and on their fields. Isolation was an ever-present reality. Urban amenities and regular social interaction awaited the development of a community nucleus - the future village of Richmond Hill.
Notes
15. Dictionary of Canadian Biography(Toronto:University of Toronto Press, 1966- ),vol. 6, pp. 618-21.
16. Minutes of the Executive Council,November 22, 1798, in E.A. Cruikshank, ed., Russell Correspondence,vol. 3,p. 25.
17. Janet Carnochan,"The Count de Puisaye,"Ontario Historical Society,Papers and Records,vol. 5(1904),p. 42.
18. Lucy Elizabeth Textor,A Colony of émigrés in Canada, 1798-1816(Toronto:University of Toronto,1904),pp. 53-54.
19. Russell to Simcoe, May 20, 1799, in E.A. Cruikshank,Russell Correspondence,vol. 3,p. 200.
20. Chevalier de Marseuil (or Marzeul) to de Puisaye, August 27, 1799, in Textor,A Colony of émigrés,p. 56.
21. William Harrison,"French Refugees on Yonge Street,"York Pioneer and Historical Society,Annual Report,1912,p. 7.
22. Ibid.
23. Dictionary of Canadian Biography,vol. 6,pp. 618-21.
24. Ibid., vol. 6,pp. 622-25.
Copyright © Richmond Hill Public Library Board, 1991
TRENTON — About 30 politicians, casino executives, union leaders and others will pack into a room in an Atlantic City office building Monday for a closed-door summit led by Gov. Chris Christie.
The topic: What to do to help Atlantic City as it faces a huge crisis, with one casino shuttered in January, two more just closed and another about to shut its doors, throwing 8,000 people out of jobs.
Nobody is betting on finding a magic solution to revamp the troubled gambling resort.
But those who will attend the summit say it's time to roll the dice on new ideas.
“There's not going to be any solutions coming out of this meeting,” said state Senate President Stephen Sweeney (D-Gloucester). “There's going to be conversations.”
This wasn't supposed to happen so soon. Four years ago, Christie came up with a plan in which the state took over operations of key parts of the resort's boardwalk with the aim of transforming it into a family-friendly destination. The city, which for decades had a gambling monopoly on the East Coast, now faces competition from dozens of casinos in nearby states, and its gaming revenue has plummeted.
The plan was supposed to be given five years before lawmakers would even consider allowing casino gambling in another part of the state. But the closure of the Atlantic Club, Showboat, Revel and, soon, Trump Plaza, shattered that timeline.
Asked if the five-year plan had worked, state Sen. Jim Whelan (D-Atlantic) said, “Honestly, no.”
“We're losing 8,000 jobs. The numbers are what they are,” Whelan, a former Atlantic City mayor, said.
And while Christie has claimed some success with the takeover — citing rebounding luxury tax receipts and promising hotel occupancy rates — talk of allowing table games and slots in the northern part of the state, or at horse racing tracks, is expected to be a huge and contentious part of the discussions Monday.
“At the end of the day, if we expand gaming outside of Atlantic City, it's making sure we do it to maximize the revenue we get from it and strengthen our programs for seniors and the disabled,” said Sweeney, who added that much of the money generated from North Jersey casinos would have to be devoted to rebuilding Atlantic City.
Sweeney and Whelan — longtime opponents of casino gaming anywhere but Atlantic City — are now open to the possibility.
MAKING PLANS
Potential casino moguls are already making plans. North Jersey lawmakers have long called for slot machines or full casino gaming in the Meadowlands — something they're still pushing. And the billionaire former CEO of Reebok, Paul Fireman, has been making the rounds with New Jersey lawmakers to promote plans for a 95-story casino, hotel, resort and Formula 1 racetrack on Jersey City's waterfront, right next to the golf course he already owns.
Allowing that would require a change to the New Jersey constitution, and several lawmakers have already drafted referendums to ask the public to amend it.
But Assemblyman Christopher A. Brown (R-Atlantic), who represents the resort, isn't ready to give up its hold on casinos.
“Experts have already researched and concluded building a casino in North Jersey in an oversaturated market will result in many more jobs being lost and less funding for senior citizen and disabled programs,” Brown said. “Simply discussing this idea scares away private investment making it harder to find buyers for Revel, Showboat, and Trump Plaza while making it more difficult for Atlantic City to transition into a destination resort.”
Bob McDevitt, president of Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union, which represents casino workers, said he can't even think about expanding gambling when thousands of people just lost their jobs.
“Right now we're much too preoccupied with dealing with the displaced workers in Atlantic City to really give much thought to that,” he said. “We're really focused on taking care of the people here right now for the short term.”
STAKEHOLDERS AGREE
What most stakeholders do agree on is that Atlantic City must make use of its beachfront to once again become a destination for tourists, including some who like to gamble — and not just a gambling mecca.
Whelan said that would take a serious face-lift, and a rehabilitation of the city, which has a reputation for crime and squalor just blocks away from its gleaming casino and hotel towers.
“If you're looking at Ocean Avenue or Tennessee Avenue and you're standing on Pacific Avenue and you're looking toward the boardwalk, you're not going to make that walk,” Whelan said. “I can tell you, statistically, it's safe, but you're looking at empty ground and a couple vacant buildings. You're not going to do that.”
Christie spokesman Kevin Roberts declined to comment on the meeting, which will not be open to the public or the press.
Whelan, for his part, said he's fine with that.
“If you're going to open it up, have 600 people there, let the public go, everybody can jump up and down, blame each other for an endless number of hours, I'm not sure how productive that is,” he said.
Jon Hanson, chairman of the New Jersey Gaming, Sports and Entertainment Advisory Commission, will be tasked with “making recommendations and plotting out how to best implement any consensus ideas, concepts or reforms” that arise from Monday's meeting, according to the governor's office.
At the height of controversy surrounding President Obama's promises on the federal health care overhaul, U.S. Senator Mark Udall's office worked assiduously to revise press accounts that 249,000 Coloradans received health care cancellation notices. Because the 249,000 figures was produced inside the Colorado Division of Insurance, Udall's office lobbied that agency to revise the figure, or revise their definition of what qualified as a cancellation.
From an email inside the Colorado Division of Insurance (DOI), Director of External Affairs Jo Donlin bluntly stated to her colleagues:
Sen. Udall says our numbers were wrong. They are not wrong. Cancellation notices affected 249,199 people. They want to trash our numbers. I'm holding strong while we get more details. Many have already done early renewals. Regardless, they received cancellation notices.
Donlin's email was sent November 14.
The following day, Donlin sent an explanation of the Division's numbers to various members of the Udall staff, and then within hours, sent a follow-up to her colleagues in DOI and Governor Hickenlooper's office.
“Following my e-mail, I received a very hostile phone call from Udall's deputy chief of staff. [Insurance Commissioner] Marguerite [Salazar] is on the phone with [Udall's] chief of staff right now. Happy Friday!” (Click here to see the email.)
Worth noting is the fact the original media reports of 249,000 cancellations in the state happened on or about November 6. The dispute between Udall's office and the Department of Insurance didn't happen more than a week later on November 14. Specifically, the issue didn't appear to rise to importance for the Udall office until President Obama decreed citizens could keep cancelled plans.
At the time of President Obama's decree on November 13, Senator Udall was proposing legislation that would have created a legal framework whereby citizens with cancelled plans could keep said plans for an additional two years.
In yet another email, Udall staffer Joe Britton gives away the extent to which Udall's office was seeking complicit messaging from the Division of Insurance. “We need to move on this ASAP – or we'll be forced to challenge the 249K number ourselves. It is wildly off or at least very misleading and reporters keep repeating it.” Eventually, Udall's office did take the task upon themselves, successfully garnering a telling of their story in The Denver Post with an online publishing timestamped 4:57 PM MST, November 15. Donlin later alerted several of her colleagues in the Division of Insurance about the online story, saying, “Here's a link to [Denver Post reporter] Mike Booth's latest article quoting ‘Sen. Udall staff.' The online comments are very interesting.”
Additionally, within the same batch of emails obtained by CompleteColorado.com, the Division of Insurance informed Senator Udall that they (and Governor Hickenlooper's administration) would not be able to support Udall's ‘keep your cancelled policy' legislation because it would undermine various actuarial and marketplace assumptions for the Colorado health insurance exchange.
Without question, 249,000 health care policy cancellations did not mean 249,000 Coloradans were left completely bereft of insurance coverage. However, the primary concern from the Udall camp was not completely skipped over during the original reporting of health care cancellations. For example, this online article from 9News states, “The quarter million Coloradans who have lost their existing plans are eligible to buy new, ACA-compliant plans from their old insurer, or enter the state's insurance exchange.” The same line was repeated, nearly verbatim, in Kyle Clark's over-the-air report for KUSA at the same link already provided.
Emails requesting comment from both the Division of Insurance and Senator Udall's office were not returned as of publication of this article, 6:30 PM, Wednesday, January 8.
Send us tips at CompleteColorado@gmail.com
Comments
comments
Carlos Bruce, a Peruvian congressman, is leading a major campaign for civil unions in one of South America's most religious countries. The church has put his sexuality at the center of the debate — not that he seems to mind.
dedomedio.com A magazine cover portrays Carlos Bruce, a Peruvian congressman (right), as marrying a leading opponent of his civil union bill.
Bar Picas is a glass and wood cube in Lima's Barranco district that sits in the shadow of a picturesque church with a roof that is slowly collapsing. After he had the bar up and running, its owner, Carlos Bruce, approached the Archdiocese of Lima with a proposal to restore the church and rent it for 10 years as a multiuse space. They said no. Perhaps they suspected Bruce would turn the church into a bar like Picas, which hosts regular "fashion shows" featuring muscled boys in boxer shorts and girls in bikinis. Or maybe it was because Bruce was already on adversarial terms with the head of the country's Catholic Church, Cardinal Juan Luis Cipriani. Nightclubs are just a side business for Bruce; his main occupation is politics. Since 2006, he has been a member of the Peruvian Congress. He had a serious shot at becoming the country's vice president when former President Alejandro Toledo asked him to be his running mate in his failed bid to recapture the office in 2011. Bruce has showed no fear in baiting the Catholic Church in one of the Latin American countries where it has the most political power, and not only by trying to rent one of its churches. Over the past few years, he has emerged as the leading advocate of LGBT rights in the Peruvian Congress. After unsuccessfully championing protections for LGBT people in hate crimes legislation and a failed proposal to create a new kind of contract to allow same-sex couples to secure their joint property, Bruce introduced a bill to allow same-sex couples to enter into civil unions in September. Cardinal Cipriani went nuclear. "It doesn't seem to me that we have named congressmen in order to justify their own [sexual] preference," Cipriani said during a Sept. 14 television appearance. Rumors that Bruce — who is divorced and has two adult sons — is gay to have circulated for years among both his enemies and his allies. But this is the first time any public figure had so directly said it on the record. Cipriani's remarks set off a media storm. The front page of the tabloid La Razón blared, "Cipriani pulls Bruce out of the closet." Social media went into a frenzy, circulating a picture of the congressman at his bar with a group of men who look as though they were dressed for a leather party. A popular comedy show also featured a skit in which an actor portraying Bruce addresses a group of effeminate sailors who refer to him as their "godfather."
At first, Bruce responded angrily to what he termed "personal attacks." He announced his "irrevocable" resignation from La Razón, where he had been a columnist, and said the cardinal's words were "beneath him." "I will not fall to the level to which the cardinal has descended," he said on RPP Television. His reaction seemed to suggest he thought he was fighting for his political life. But as Cipriani's statement faded from the news — helped by the fact that the Peruvian church became embroiled in a child sex-abuse scandal — Bruce's public response appeared to grow more confident. Last week, he even crowned the winner of the Miss Amazonas drag beauty pageant in the Amazonian city of Iquitos, which he described as part of his nationwide campaign to promote the civil union bill.
Bruce has managed to carve out a space in Peruvian political life that would have been close to unthinkable in the United States 20 or 30 years ago, when gay rights were as controversial a subject in the U.S. as they are in Peru today. (Congressman Barney Frank would be the closest analog before he came out in 1987, but even he was leery of taking the lead on LGBT rights legislation when closeted.) Bruce believes that being identified as gay would be political suicide, and yet he does very little to dispel the impression that he is. And he has been unafraid to lead on LGBT rights despite its potential to keep him from ever climbing to higher office. When asked directly whether he is gay, Bruce has a standard answer. "My official response is, 'I don't speak about my personal life,'" Bruce told BuzzFeed during a conversation in the Peruvian capitol building in Lima last year. There's a big political difference between supporting LGBT rights proposals and being openly gay in today's Peru, he explained. "If I can imagine a politician saying he's openly gay, for sure he [would lose] 80% of his voters," Bruce said. Bruce can afford to tackle the issue because his popularity runs deep. He had the second-largest vote total of any member of Congress when he was elected to his first five-year term in 2006, and his tenure in Toledo's cabinet made him a household name.
BuzzFeed/J. Lester Feder
Bruce hadn't set out to be a politician. He was trained as an economist and made his fortune in the seafood business. He began his political career while president of the country's exporters' association. During the 2000 election, many business interests turned against then-President Alberto Fujimori, who had fought ruthlessly against the Shining Path guerrillas during the country's civil war in the 1990s and was then running for a third term in violation of the constitution. Bruce offered his support to Toledo — Fujimori's leading opponent — and ultimately ran his campaign. Their relationship became even closer after Fujimori recaptured the presidency in a questionable election: Toledo and his team had to go into hiding after the government blamed them for a bombing that occurred during an anti-Fujimori protest. After a week of secretly camping out at the Park Hotel near the U.S. Embassy, it was decided that Bruce would take the risk of leaving the hotel to be the spokesman for the Toledo camp. Facing widening corruption charges, Fujimori fled to Japan before later being extradited and imprisoned in Peru. Toledo won the election that followed. When he entered office in 2001, he named Bruce to head the Ministry of the Presidency, a position that put him in charge of overseeing all Peru's regional governments and was one of the most powerful agencies in the country. When democratic reforms did away with the agency, Bruce became the first minister of housing. That's where he won popular affection. He went on television to publicize a program subsidizing the purchase of homes accompanied by the program's mascot, who dressed in a costume like Bob the Builder's and was known as "T-Chito," a play on words: "Chito" is sort of the Peruvian equivalent of "homie," and "techito" means "little roof." That's the name that stuck to Bruce. Even today, when he walks around Lima, strangers call out to him, "Hey, Techito!" He rode that popularity into Congress from a district in Lima, a city that remains a center of Catholic and evangelical organizing. Though a handful of jurisdictions has local laws banning discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, reports of anti-gay hate crimes are frequent (and often horrific) and opposition to LGBT rights is widespread. A 2011 proposal from Lima Mayor Suzana Villarán for an ordinance to ban discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation helped prompt a recall election that she only narrowly survived and cost her party many seats on the city council. Christians in Lima "do not agree with a mayor that participates in marches of transvestites and sissies [maricas], a pro-lesbian, pro-gay mayor," one of the recall leaders said in a November 2012 interview. "Thanks to … evangelical churches' pro-life and pro-family movements, everything has headed towards [her recall]." Yet when Bruce's opponents have tried to make an issue of his sexual orientation, it has backfired. On Jan. 17, 2011 it was reported that Luis Castañeda Lossio, a presidential candidate from Solidaridad Nacional, a center-right party, called Bruce "una loca" during a press conference, a phrase that literally means "crazy" but is used like "faggot." The press pounced, eagerly reporting on the comments and Bruce's denunciation of Castañeda's comments as "homophobic." It wasn't entirely clear if Castaneda intended the epithet, however. It came while he was responding to a statement Bruce had made that Castañeda was nervous about his standing in the polls. The full quote was, "Esa es una loca — es una loca afirmación," which could be translated, "That is a crazy — that is a crazy assertion." Whether he meant to impugn Bruce's sexuality depends on whether the pause in phrasing was intentional.
Despite the ambiguity, Castañeda came out looking the worse for it, publically criticized for violating decorum and repeatedly forced to deny that he ever called Bruce a "loca" in the first place. Bruce, on the other hand, remained unconcerned about how discussion of his sexuality might affect the campaign — in fact, the encounter may have emboldened him. Just over a week later, the Peruvian equivalent of the "It Gets Better" Campaign, To-do Mejora, posted a video from Bruce in which he seemed to be daring his critics to bring up his sexuality again. Addressing his remarks to a young gay person who is being bullied, Bruce said that "Many bad people sometimes [spread hatred] against people who are different." But, he said, raising his eyebrows, "I know businessmen, politicians, that are gays. And they are successful people and are very respectable people." The bullies, he said, are the ones who can't get jobs in later life. But the kids who are bullied wind up more successful and happier than the bullies. "My advice," he said, "is to laugh" at the insults.
Despite the controversy following Bruce's introduction of the civil union bill, it seems like it has a more serious shot of passage than any other recent major LGBT rights legislation. Or, at least, advocates appear to be mounting a better-organized campaign around the bill than they've managed to do around other initiatives in the past. The Peruvian LGBT rights movement is beset by division, in part because there are many different groups run mostly by volunteers. They disagree on priorities and strategy; there are divisions between, gay, lesbian, and trans interests; and class issues often trump LGBT-specific concerns in their politics. Peru's oldest gay rights group, the Movimiento Homosexual de Lima, spurned Bruce's ticket in 2011 to endorse the ultimate winner of the presidential race, Ollanta Humala, even though Humala voiced strong opposition to same-sex marriage following a special breakfast meeting with Cardinal Cipriani. Humala's policies were more progressive, explained MHOL's Veronica Ferrari, and, "MHOL is basically of the left." For the civil union effort, Bruce is collaborating with MHOL, along with the most professional NGO in the LGBTI rights world, the Center for the Promotion and Defense of Sexual and Reproductive Rights, which is known as PROMSEX. A small, relatively new organization, the Secular and Humanist Society of Perú, is also a key player because its founder, the British-educated Lima native Helmut Kessel, has advised Bruce on LGBT issues since his vice presidential campaign and has been instrumental in strategizing behind the scenes. Congress isn't due to take up the civil union measure until March, but the campaign for its passage is already in full gear. They face an uphill fight — a September poll found 65% of Peruvians opposed to the bill, and 45% said they agreed with a statement by Pope Francis that gays and lesbians are "socially wounded." The measure's backers have started a social media campaign similar to the one mounted by the Human Rights Campaign before the U.S. Supreme Court's rulings on same-sex marriage in June, having supporters change their avatars to an adaptation of the Peruvian flag that looks like an equals sign.
In late September, the coalition also pulled together an impressive list of almost 200 public figures as signatories for a declaration calling for the law's passage. The list, published in El Commercio, was headed by Nobel Prize-winning author Mario Vargas Llosa and include the names of 17 members of Congress, plus Bruce. Another important signatory was Diego García Sayán, president of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, which has two cases in the works that could lead to a ruling that same-sex marriage is a right under international law throughout the Americas. The civil union campaigners launched their latest initiative this week. They purchased billboards around Lima featuring "Imaginary Couples" — famous straight people posing as same-sex couples alongside the moto, "To love is not a crime." Participants include Congressman Kenji Fujimori (Keiko's brother and Alberto's son) paired with retired footballer Miguel "El Conejo" Rebosio, and comedian Jorge Benavides with boxer Juan Zegarra. The campaign has gone viral under the hashtag #parejasimginarias, and spawned a parallel meme, #parejasreales, featuring actual same-sex couples.
They're keeping their feet on the gas despite the controversy over Bruce's sexuality. In fact, this has proved a boon, said George Liendo of PROMSEX. "It hasn't [damaged] the image of Congressman Bruce, but rather I think it made it stronger," Liendo said. "If characters didn't exist like the cardinal, members of congress from Opus Dei, or evangelical members of Congress ... with their extremist commentaries like 'homosexuals are sick," "they're damaged goods" … the media debate would not exist." And since the dust-up over Cipriani's comments, Bruce hasn't seemed all that eager to keep questions of his sexuality out of the media; perhaps he is beginning to think it's to his advantage, as well. At times, he has seemed to actively court the controversy. In early October, Bruce participated in a segment of a Peruvian news program called "In Private," devoted to the personal lives of public figures. The host, Mónica Delta, broached the topic of his sexual orientation by saying, "I have read or heard that you've said that it doesn't bother you to be called gay." "Indeed," Bruce confirmed. "Sometimes they direct insults at me or believe they are insulting me by saying, 'You are gay.' But I am here to tell you I don't take that as an insult." "If you were [gay], would you say it?" Delta gently pressed. "I think that's an intimate part of a person's life," Bruce said. But he added, "What I would never do is say I am something that I'm not." "And what is it that you are not?" Delta asked. "Well, I am not a very disorganized person," Bruce said.
J. Lester Feder is a foreign correspondent for BuzzFeed and 2013 Alicia Patterson journalism fellow.
While the "campaign" is short-ish at five albums of four to five songs each, every level is crafted so well around very specific concepts that it's hard not to get caught up in them. While I particularly enjoyed the Superbrothers and Jim Guthrie collaboration and Beck's section — a surprise to me, since I'm not generally a huge fan — there's not a bad song in Sound Shapes.
Sound Shapes ' platforming balances the easy successes of simple jumps with more Rube Goldberg-influenced sequences that fall into place like complicated arrangements of dominoes. Each collection of levels — with music composed by one artist and labeled as an "album" — starts with a few basic level design elements which are recombined and rearranged. The learning curve is handled well, and it feels like Sound Shapes wants you to finish it (some sadistic, almost Super Meat Boy- style nightmare sections notwithstanding).
Even the coins are there for a different reason than your average screen-to-screen jumpfest. Since death isn't an issue, coins are present as a means of building up Sound Shapes ' experience. Similar to musically inclined puzzle games like Lumines and Chime , a kind of note bar runs behind each screen to the beat of a basic piece of music. As you grab coins and activate checkpoints, new notes are added and the melody of each song is developed. As levels become more complicated, enemies and pieces of the environment contribute as well.
In fact, every piece of music is good or better, and each level is so well suited to the music — again, particularly in the Beck levels — that Sound Shapes builds into a very particularly engaging musical experience.
I have a hard time imagining someone not enjoying the campaign, but I could understand wanting more. Sound Shapes stops short of the masochistic life-grind that other platformers aspire to, and while that does make for a more consistently pleasant game, it never quite reaches the intersecting nirvana of technique and perfect timing that a Mario or Super Meat Boy does. And, for those who want more from the campaign, the leaderboard integration is the only place you're likely to find it. Finishing the campaign does unlock "Death Mode," a set of challenges for each level. But these depart from the musically motivated main levels and emphasize twitch platforming, which feel at odds with Sound Shapes intent.
For the more creatively minded at least, the included creation suite is one part level editor and one part music sequencer. At the time of this writing, there is already a fair amount of new levels for players to check out, and I expect that the musical nature of Sound Shapes' editor will be the impetus for thousands of new tracks. That said, the initially simple interface of the creation tool quickly gives way to some very complicated concepts of both level design and music theory, and after completing the campaign, there are hundreds of tools and pieces unlocked.
Second Muslim becomes head of BBC religious TV programming
Feb 25, 2017 by Jill
by Katherine Rushton, Mailonline:
The executive who put a terror sympathiser on TV now heads BBC religious programming on screen.
Fatima Salaria provoked uproar by giving Anthony Small a platform on Muslims Like Us, a reality-style show.
The convicted fraudster and former boxing champion, now known as Abdul Haqq, was a member of hate preacher Anjem Choudary's inner circle.
He had previously expressed support for Islamic State but was cleared last year of trying to join the terror group.
Mrs Salaria, who is a Muslim, argued in December that it was important to hear ‘authentic voices from a range of backgrounds' so viewers could ‘gain fresh insights and not just have their prejudices confirmed'. Since then she has been quietly named commissioning editor for ethics and religion. This puts her in charge of all the BBC's religious content on TV, including Songs of Praise and An Island Parish. It is the second time the BBC has put a Muslim in charge of religious television programming. Read here
Rob Benedict has felt like a sidekick all his life. “I've always kind of felt like I've been everybody's buddy,” says the Supernatural actor, who grew up with a brother nearly a foot taller than him. “And as an actor, I've always played the Buddy, the Friend.”
When he turned 40, though, Benedict had a little mid-life crisis. “I realized that I've been an actor my whole life and that it's kind of too late for me to think, ‘Well, maybe I'll try something else'—I'm not trained to do anything else,” he says. “I felt that the [comic-book] sidekick was a great allegory for that—being a sidekick your whole life and then at 40 you get fired. What are your going to do?”
Benedict wrote a script and called in some favors from some famous funny friends—Jordan Peele, Ike Barinholtz, Martin Starr, Lizzy Caplan, Ron Livingston—to make The Sidekick, a comedy short in which he stars as Max McCabe, a superhero sidekick who can't quite keep up any more. When he's fired by Captain Wonder (Livingston), he has to regroup and discover a new way to contribute to society.
Directed by Michael J. Weithorn, The Sidekick debuted at Comic-Con in 2013, and debuts online tomorrow. In an exclusive clip from the short, Max rushes to save Captain Wonder from a crook, with the help of a golden lasso and his ridiculous catchphrase, “Hold the mayo!”
If the character gives off a Robin vibe, that's no accident. “I modeled it after Robin,” Benedict says. “Robin is your classic sidekick, in that he's always right by your side, he's super-quick, and he's the guy who says, ‘Look out!' But he has no powers. He really has nothing else he can add to the game, except that he notices things perhaps a little sooner than Batman.”
But though Robin might be the poster boy for sidekicks, there are plenty of others for inspiration—and not all of them reside in the comic-books. Benedict's sidekick hall of fame also includes the following:
Kato: The Green Hornet's No. 2 “could really kick ass. He brought something to the table.”
Ed McMahon: “Ed McMahon is great because what Ed McMahon does is he worships Johnny Carson. He's going to agree with everything Johnny says and he makes you feel like he's you—he's the audience. Johnny says something, he laughs, and you're like, ‘Oh right, that was funny [because] Ed laughed.' He was always half-repeating what Johnny says. ‘Did you hear what happened in the news today?' ‘IN THE NEWS TODAY!' I'd love to have a guy like that just walking around next to me all the time. And that's what the sidekick is: He's your buddy. You can depend on him no matter what. He's going to make you a better you.”
Art Garfunkel: “Without Simon, there's no just Garfunkel. Yes, he did some stuff, but really, you got to have Simon for Garfunkel to shine.”
Ben Carr, the long-time mascot and road manager for Boston ska group, The Mighty Mighty Bosstones: “He's the guy at the beginning of the show who comes out and is like, ‘Hey give it up for the Mighty Mighty Bosstones!' Everybody goes, ‘Yeah!' And his job is just to jump around and clap and dance and go ‘Yeah, alright! All he does is jump around for a living, this one guy whose job is just to sort of dance around on stage while the band plays and sings.”
Groot: The Guardians are like a team of sidekicks. What's great about them is they have their own quirky powers in their own way, but they're all better together. And Groot sacrifices himself to the cause.”
Keith Richards?: No chance. “Keith Richards would punch me in the face if I called him a sidekick. The Rolling Stones, that really is a dynamic duo.”
King Tut's parents might have been brother and sister, causing the child pharaoh to suffer from severe genetic disorders, according to the results of a new study of King Tut's remains.
As the Independent reports, researchers from the Institute for Mummies and Icemen in Italy took more than 2,000 scans of King Tut's mummy to reconstruct what the pharaoh looked like when he was alive. The scans revealed that King Tut had a debilitating club foot that prevented him to walk unaided. This finding is supported by the fact that the pharaoh was buried with 130 used canes, the Independent points out.
These new theories about King Tut's life and circumstances, however, run counter to last year's findings that King Tut died as a result of injuries sustained in a chariot crash. According to the Italian researchers, King Tut couldn't have died in such an accident because his club foot would have prevented him from riding on a chariot in the first place, the Independent reports. Furthermore, the new team of researchers says that only one of the bone breaks formerly attributed to the accident was made before the pharaoh died, with all of the others occurring post mortem.
The Italian researchers think that King Tut's death can be attributed to his generally weakened state from genetic afflictions—problems likely exacerbated by malaria, which he was known to suffer from—rather than to a chariot accident. These newest theories, the Independent adds, will be explored in depth on an upcoming documentary aired on BBC One and the Smithsonian Channel, on November 2. (Last year's chariot-death theory had its own special on Channel 4.) The truth of King Tut's death might have been laid to rest with his contemporaries; speculations about the event, though, seem to have eternal life.
THE world economy is not in good shape. The news from America and Britain has been reasonably positive, but Japan's economy is struggling and China's growth is now slower than at any time since 2009. Unpredictable dangers abound, particularly from the Ebola epidemic, which has killed thousands in West Africa and jangled nerves far beyond. But the biggest economic threat, by far, comes from continental Europe.
Now that German growth has stumbled, the euro area is on the verge of tipping into its third recession in six years. Its leaders have squandered two years of respite, granted by the pledge of Mario Draghi, the European Central Bank's president, to do “whatever it takes” to save the single currency. The French and the Italians have dodged structural reforms, while the Germans have insisted on too much austerity. Prices are falling in eight European countries. The zone's overall inflation rate has slipped to 0.3% and may well go into outright decline next year. A region that makes up almost a fifth of world output is marching towards stagnation and deflation.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Optimists, both inside and outside Europe, often cite the example of Japan. It fell into deflation in the late-1990s, with unpleasant but not apocalyptic consequences for both itself and the world economy. But the euro zone poses far greater risks. Unlike Japan, the euro zone is not an isolated case: from China to America inflation is worryingly low, and slipping. And, unlike Japan, which has a homogenous, stoic society, the euro area cannot hang together through years of economic sclerosis and falling prices. As debt burdens soar from Italy to Greece, investors will take fright, populist politicians will gain ground, and—sooner rather than later—the euro will collapse.
This parrot has ceased to be
Although many Europeans, especially the Germans, have been brought up to fear inflation, deflation can be still more savage (see article). If people and firms expect prices to fall, they stop spending, and as demand sinks, loan defaults rise. That was what happened in the Great Depression, with especially dire consequences in Germany in the early 1930s.
So it is worrying that, of the 46 countries whose central banks target inflation, 30 are below their target. Some price falls are welcome. Tumbling oil prices, in particular, have given consumers' incomes a boost (see article). But slowing prices and stagnant wages owe more to weak demand in the economy and roughly 45m workers are jobless in the rich OECD countries. Investors are starting to expect lower inflation even in economies, such as America's, that are growing at reasonable rates. Worse, short-term interest rates are close to zero in many economies, so central banks cannot cut them to boost spending. The only ammunition comes from quantitative easing and other forms of printing money.
The global lowflation threat is a good reason for most central banks to keep monetary policy loose. It is also, in the longer term, a prompt to look at revising inflation targets a shade upwards. But the immediate problem is the euro area.
Continental Europe's economy has plenty of big underlying weaknesses, from poor demography to heavy debt and sclerotic labour markets. But it has also made enormous policy mistakes. France, Italy and Germany have all eschewed growth-enhancing structural reforms. The euro zone is particularly vulnerable to deflation because of Germany's insistence on too much fiscal austerity and the ECB's timidity. Even now, with economies contracting, Germany is still obsessed with deficit reduction for all governments, while its opposition to monetary easing has meant that the ECB, to the obvious despair of Mr Draghi, has done far less than other big central banks in terms of quantitative easing (notwithstanding this week's move to start buying “covered bonds”).
If there was ever logic to this incrementalism, it has run out. As budgets shrink and the ECB struggles to convince people that it can stop prices slipping, a descent into deflation seems all too probable. Signs of stress are beginning to appear in both the markets and politics. Bond yields in Greece have risen sharply, as support for the left-wing Syriza party has surged (see article). France and Germany are trading rhetorical blows over a new budget proposal coming out of Paris.
Joining the bleedin' choir invisible
If Europe is to stop its economy getting worse, it will have to stop its self-destructive behaviour. The ECB needs to start buying sovereign bonds. Germany's chancellor, Angela Merkel, should allow France and Italy to slow the pace of their fiscal cuts; in return, those countries should accelerate structural reforms. Germany, which can borrow money at negative real interest rates, could spend more building infrastructure at home.
That would help, but not be enough. It is a bit like the early years of the euro debacle, before Mr Draghi's whatever-it-takes pledge, when half-solutions only fed the crisis. Something radical is needed. The hitch is that European law bans many textbook solutions, such as ECB purchases of newly issued government bonds. The best legal option is to couple a dramatic increase in infrastructure spending with bond-buying by the ECB. Thus the European Investment Bank could launch a big (say €300 billion, or $383 billion) expansion in investments such as faster cross-border rail links or more integrated electricity grids—and raise the money by issuing bonds, which the ECB could buy in the secondary market. Another possibility would be to redefine the EU's deficit rules to exclude investment spending, which would allow governments to run bigger deficits, again with the ECB providing a backstop.
Behind all this sits a problem of political will (see article). Mrs Merkel and the Germans seem prepared to take action only when the single currency is on the verge of catastrophe. Throughout Europe people are hurting—in Italy and Spain youth unemployment is above 40%. Voters vented their fury with the established order in the EU's parliamentary elections earlier this summer, and got very little change. Another descent into the abyss will test their patience. And once deflation has an economy in its jaws, it is very hard to shake off. Europe's leaders are running out of time.
The words “cloning factory” elicit a potent mix of imagery, almost none of it pleasant. Add “human” to the mix and you've got yourself a dystopian trifecta.
No wonder, then, that an Agence France-Presse story by Rebecca Davis about plans for the world's largest cloning “factory” to be built in China and its potential for use in human cloning and genetic modification has generated a minor storm of breathless responses and credulous repackaging around the Web since its publication earlier this week. The right-wing fearmongers at Breitbart titled their hot take “China's Cloning Crusade.” Slightly less xenophobic variations abound. What started as an unquestioning AFP piece spiraled, boosted by dual fears of biotech and China, into a story that largely ignores the kernel of interesting news in favor of the sensationalist headline.
The basics, as reported by the AFP: Chinese company Boyalife is planning a massive cloning facility in Tianjin, with the goal of producing one million cows by 2020 in order to supplement China's meat supply. This is newsworthy enough. No one has made an earnest effort to use cloning as a way of supplementing meat production. As the FDA explains, the standard thinking is that the best use for cloning in livestock production is to help ensure the availability of good genes. You don't clone a million cows to eat, it's a waste of resources; you clone the 10 best cows in your herd so those genes can be spread around through traditional breeding. But Xu Xiaochun, Boyalife's chief executive, seems convinced that his company will “become the world's first purveyor of … genetically identical super-cattle that he promises will taste like Kobe,” Davis writes.
Xu is the real star of Davis's story, and he seems to be the epicenter of the outsized claims that China is producing a massive human cloning facility. Cattle, Davis writes, “are only the beginning of Xu's ambitions.” He wants his factory to produce horses and dogs as well.
And then the passage that launched a thousand headlines:
Boyalife is already working with its South Korean partner Sooam and the Chinese Academy of Sciences to improve primate cloning capacity to create better test animals for disease research. And it is a short biological step from monkeys to humans — potentially raising a host of moral and ethical controversies. “The technology is already there,” Xu said.
To be fair, he's not wrong—the technology to clone humans has existed for quite some time. Medical Daily has an excellent feature by Dana Dovey, laying out the current state of human cloning. “[T]he science behind the idea is quite clear,” she writes, “with all research suggesting the practice is possible. Scientists have already cloned human embryos and many believe creating fully developed humans is the next step.”
In a bit of understatement, Davis clarifies that “the firm does not currently engage in human cloning activities … it has to be ‘self-restrained' because of possible adverse reaction.” Emphasis mine.
I do feel some suspicion at the idea of “self-regulation” when China seems willing to engage in biotech firsts that the rest of the world is still wringing its hands over. It's demonstrated that it's willing to push the genetic technology envelope with the first gene-edited dogs (see “First Gene-Edited Dogs Reported in China”).
There's also irony in the fact that this news comes during the same week as the International Summit on Human Gene Editing convened and recommended a moratorium on experiments in genetically modifying the human germ line. China's “murky” stance regarding this genetic technology is one of the reasons it was the first nation to perform experiments modifying human embryos, as our own Antonio Regalado notes in his coverage of the summit.
To be clear, genetic engineering is not the same thing as cloning. Cloning doesn't involve any changes, only replication. Many of the ethical concerns overlap, however. It's possible the statement from the summit will put the kibosh on any efforts to clone humans for several years to come.
Bottom line: the only things that have definitely been revealed are that (1) Boyalife has an ambitious plan for a factory to clone cows in an unprecedented effort to produce cloned meat for consumption and (2) Xu Xiaochun is not shy about his more controversial ambitions.
There are a lot of genuinely stunning developments and thorny ethical quandaries in genetic technology (again, see Antonio Regalado's coverage, here, here, and here) — we don't need to put the cloned horse before the cart.
If you believe everything you read, Billy Joel has a short fuse and a hard right.
It`s an image that has trailed him ever since he cracked the big time in 1977 with the multiplatinum album ''The Stranger.'' But it goes back even farther than that, to the late `50s and early `60s, when he was growing up poor in a one-parent home in Hicksville, L.I.
There he ran with a leather-jacketed gang, sniffed glue and spent a night in jail. Then he went on to win 23 of 26 fights as a teenage welterweight boxer (until a punch busted his nose), finally dropping out of high school to pursue the life of a rock `n` roll piano man.
Even the sedate concerns of a musician brought out the pugilist in him. He`s been involved in years of bitter, costly litigation over the copyrights to his songs-''I`m naive . . . I`ve been taken advantage of,'' he says without a trace of self-pity. He has had a running battle with tabloid journalists and music critics; he has responded to their unkindest cuts with a few stiletto-tipped remarks of his own, using the stage as his bully pulpit. And he still ends his shows with one piece of pithy advice: ''Don`t take any
(expletive) from anyone.''
(His current tour, which has been selling out all over the country, brings him to the Rosemont Horizon Monday and Tuesday, as well as on April 23-24.)
Built low to the ground, with a barrel chest and thick thighs and buttocks, Joel even looks like a scrapper, and he has the scars to prove it. Besides the broken nose, which left one nostril smaller than the other, he has suffered sprained and cracked ankles leaping about the stage, and his hand was mangled in a 1982 motorcycle accident-''there`s no bone in the top of my left thumb,'' he says, wiggling the flesh and cartilage as proof for an aghast visitor.
But there`s a lot more to Joel than a clenched fist and scar tissue.
Though he has sold millions of records, played sold-out shows from Los Angeles to Leningrad, and is, of course, the husband of model Christie Brinkley, Joel remains unimpressed with his own notoriety. He still hangs with the boys, longtime pals from the penny-ante days like drummer Liberty DeVitto, and he`ll knock down the drinks and swap stories into the wee hours.
''We did some damage to a few brain cells last night,'' laughed Joel, shuffling barefoot about his hotel room in Syracuse, N.Y., in a T-shirt and sweat pants. After a thunderously well-received show before 40,000 fans at the cavernous Carrier Dome a few days ago, Joel and the gang awoke after noon to gobble a breakfast of Chinese carryout and chocolates.
The mood was upbeat and the ''put `em up, pal'' days seemed long gone.
''I probably focus my energy better than I used to, when I was combative with just about everything,'' said Joel, settling into a sofa. ''Now I don`t sweat nickle-and-dime stuff. I still get mad-at the post office, the bank, the telephone company-but I don`t get mad anymore at silly little things that aren`t important. I don`t think I`m mellowing; I`m just getting smarter.''
The more mature Billy-he`ll be 41 on May 9-also has been steadied by his marriage to Brinkley, and the responsibilities of being a parent to a 3-year- old daughter. It`s a situation he hints at in one of his new songs,
''Shameless'': ''And I`m changing, I swore I`d never compromise/But you convinced me otherwise.''
''My wife`s the person I spend my life with, and I value her opinion greatly,'' Joel said. ''I mean, from the time I get up, it`s `Does my tie match my shirt?` She would know, right?''
Brinkley has been one of the few anchors in Joel`s life, which has been fraught with changes in recent years. His aptly titled new album, ''Storm Front'' (Columbia), reflects some of that turmoil. The biggest move occurred when Joel decided to retool his band and replace producer Phil Ramone after
''The Bridge'' album and tour in 1987. He retained only drummer DeVitto, guitarist David Brown and saxophonist Mark Rivera from the old days, and brought in four new faces.
''It was a very difficult decision for me,'' Joel said. ''The bass player (Doug Stegmeyer) had been with me since `72 and the other guitar player
(Russell Javors) since `76. I`m loyal, but you can be loyal to a fault sometimes.''
Complacency had set in, and though Joel maintained that ''I never had a problem'' with Ramone, a creative partner on such hit albums as ''The Stranger'' and the lush, layered ''The Nylon Curtain,'' he chose guitarist Mick Jones of the British hard rock band Foreigner to produce ''Storm Front.'' ''It`s like being married to a wonderful woman, but what you need is some kind of flaming affair,'' Joel said. ''I may work with Phil again, but Mick is a songwriter and a musician (unlike Ramone), so he has a whole new understanding of what I do.''
Most of all, Joel was looking for ''that British approach to production. . . . Americans tend to walk into a studio as if it were a temple, they`re reverent about the equipment there. The British walk in and all they see is potential; they`ll see a piece of equipment that`s supposed to be used for a vocal effect and use it on a guitar.
''I think it goes back to the European tradition of decadence. The British tend to be somewhat kinky. During the day, they walk around in bowler hats and umbrellas, and at night they go home and spank each other. It makes for interesting records.''
''Storm Front'' is indeed one of Joel`s more sonically ambitious, hardest-rocking efforts, though arena-rock numbers like the title track and
''Shameless'' sound somewhat shrill. The more subdued material-especially the fisherman`s lament, ''The Downeaster `Alexa,` '' and his tale of two friends, ''Leningrad''-works best.
In concert, however, the album`s potential emerges. The addition of percussionist and backup singer Crystal Taliefero and multi-instrumentalist Mindy Jostyn in particular gave Joel`s Syracuse show a spark and energy that recalled his wilder, piano-bench-kicking tours of smaller clubs in the `70s. Taliefero is a belter in the best gospel tradition, and her duets with Joel added a stirring, sexually charged dimension to ''Innocent Man'' and
''Shameless.'' In turn, holdovers like DeVitto appeared reinvigorated; the balding drummer waged war on the skins and cymbals throughout the show and gave Joel`s set a rock edge that critics often don`t give him credit for.
Symbolic of this newfound toughness is that, on the current tour, Joel isn`t playing his classic ballad ''Just the Way You Are,'' which, alongside
''Piano Man,'' is probably his signature tune.
''I still think it`s a good song, but it just doesn`t sit with me right now,'' Joel said. ''There`s a different kind of energy on this tour.''
Every time Apple brings out a new version of OS X, we compile a list of our favourite Terminal commands for enabling hidden features and changing hidden settings (here are the lists for Tiger and Leopard).
For those who are new to Terminal Commands, here's a quick run down of how to use them. Don't worry, it's really easy. Start by opening up Terminal, located in the Utilities folder in the Applications folder. In the window that appears, paste in one of the lines provided below, and then hit Return. For the changes to take effect, you need to restart the application concerned. For applications like the Dock or Finder, it is easiest to just type killall Dock or killall Finder into the Terminal to restart them. To reverse the changes, you just need to change the last word of the command and run it again. If the last word is YES, change it to NO, change 1 to 0, and change TRUE to FALSE and vice versa for all.
1. Folder previews in Quick Look
This is my favourite hidden feature in Snow Leopard. When enabled, using Quick Look (hit the space bar) on a folder will show you a preview of the folder's contents inside a translucent folder icon. The previews of the files inside the folder also cycle through so you can see all of them. Just use the following command:
<code>defaults write com.apple.finder QLEnableXRayFolders 1</code>
You will need to restart the Finder, either by typing killall Finder into the Terminal or by Control-Option-clicking on the Finder in the Dock and choosing Relaunch.
2. Globally enable Text Substitutions
You may have realised that the new text substitutions feature in Snow Leopard isn't enabled in all applications by default, most noticeably in Safari. To enable it , you need to right-click on a text box and choose Substitutions then Show Substitutions. To globally enable text substitutions, use the following three commands one at a time. The first one will enable substitutions, while the second will enable dash replacement and the third will enable spell checking.
defaults write -g WebAutomaticTextReplacementEnabled -bool true defaults write -g WebAutomaticDashSubstitutionEnabled -bool true defaults write -g WebContinuousSpellCheckingEnabled -bool true
If you decide there are some specific applications where you want to disable these again, you can do it in the normal way. As always you will need to restart each application for the changes to take effect.
3. Bring back AppleScript Studio palette
As of Snow Leopard, AppleScript Studio has be deprecated in favour of AppleScriptObjC. You can still work on AppleScript Studio projects, but you can't create new ones, and the AppleScript Studio palette in Interface Builder is gone. To bring it back, use the following command:
defaults write com.apple.InterfaceBuilder3 IBEnableAppleScriptStudioSupport -bool YES
4. Disable "focus follows mouse" in Terminal
In Leopard there was a Terminal command to make the Terminal's window focus change with mouse movement. If you had previously enabled this, you will find things don't work quite right in Snow Leopard when you use Command-Tab to switch between applications in different spaces. To fix this, you will need to disable the focus follows mouse behaviour using the following command:
defaults write com.apple.Terminal FocusFollowsMouse -string NO
5. Force Dictionary to only use one window
If you aren't a fan of using Command-Control-D to quickly look up definitions, you might use the "Look up in Dictionary" contextual menu item or Services menu item. In Snow Leopard, each word you look up using these methods opens in a new Dictionary window, which gets a bit annoying. To make each word you look up open in the same window, just use the following command:
defaults write com.apple.Dictionary ProhibitNewWindowForRequest -bool TRUE
6. Change the behaviour of the green zoom button in iTunes
With the release of iTunes 9, Apple messed around a bit with the behaviour of the green zoom button in iTunes. Things are back to normal as of iTunes 9.01, but briefly the green button maximised the window instead of switching to the mini-player. If you liked the temporary change, you can bring it back using the following command:
defaults write com.apple.iTunes zoom-to-window -bool YES
Of course, you can always get the alternative behaviour by holding the Option key and clicking in the green button.
7. Debug menu in Address Book
The debug menu has been available in Address Book for some time, but there are some new additions in Snow Leopard. If you don't already have it enabled, the command is:
defaults write com.apple.AddressBook ABShowDebugMenu -bool true
Restart Address Book, and then click Debug in the menu bar to see the new options. You can enable reflections under contacts pictures, get to the "People Picker Panel" and enable a debug panel called "Ye Olde Debug Settings”.
8. Autoplay movies in QuickTime X
One of the weird things about the new version of QuickTime is that it has no Preferences. Luckily you can still change things using the Terminal. To make a movie automatically start playing when you open it, use the following command:
defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX MGPlayMovieOnOpen 1
9. Keep QuickTime in full screen when switching applications
If you are watching a movie in full screen in QuickTime and you use Command-Tab to switch to another application then the movie will automatically exit full screen. To make it stay full screen in the background, use the following command:
defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX MGFullScreenExitOnAppSwitch 0
10. Disable Rounded corners in QuickTime
If the slightly rounded corners of movies in QuickTime bug you, use the following command to disable them:
defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX MGCinematicWindowDebugForceNoRoundedCorners 1
11. Always or Never show titlebar and Controller in QuickTime
The following two commands either permanently enable or disable the titlebar and controller that pop up when you mouse over a movie in QuickTime:
defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX MGUIVisibilityNeverAutoshow 1 defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX MGUIVisibilityNeverAutohide 1
12. Automatically show closed captioning and subtitles on opening
This turns on subtitles and closed captioning automatically when you open a movie that supports them.
defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX MGEnableCCAndSubtitlesOnOpen 1
13. Make list view stacks work like grid view Stacks
This command slightly changes the behaviour in Stacks in list view. Once enabled, they act more like grid view Stacks, but with a single list of files and icons on the left. The main difference is when "drilling-down" through folders within the Stack.
defaults write com.apple.dock use-new-list-stack -bool YES
You will need to restart the Dock for changes to take effect. The easiest way is to use killall Dock in the Terminal.
14. Enable mouseover highlight in stacks
If you want items in grid view stacks to highlight when you move the mouse over them, use the following command. It's slightly different from the equivalent in Leopard. Also, note that you can get the highlight behaviour in Snow Leopard without using this command by using the arrow keys to select items in a stack, or by clicking and holding on a stack before dragging the mouse up onto the grid.
defaults write com.apple.dock mouse-over-hilite-stack -boolean YES
You will need to restart the Dock for changes to take effect. The easiest way is to use killall Dock in the Terminal.
15. Set a precise screensaver password delay
A useful new feature of Snow Leopard is the ability to set how long your Mac is asleep or how long the screen saver is on before it requires a password to wake up again. You can access this from the Security section of System Preferences. However, you have to choose a time period from a drop-down menu, and you can't enter your own custom time period. To do this, use the following command. The number at the end is the time in seconds. For example 1800 is 30 minutes, which bizarrely isn't an option in the drop-down menu.
