Paul Gascoigne scores a spectacular free-kick for Tottenham in their 1991 FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal at Wembley.
If Gascoigne's tears in the 1990 World Cup semi-final had made him a star beyond football, it was Tottenham's FA Cup run the following season that introduced his new legion of fans to his sporting brilliance.
His dazzling goals against Oxford, Portsmouth and Notts County carried Tottenham to a semi-final against north London rivals Arsenal.
And Gascoigne took just five minutes to make the game his own at Wembley.
From a free-kick 35 yards out, the 23-year-old ignored his team-mates, who were waiting for a possible cross, and instead arrowed a free-kick into the top corner past David Seaman.
Tottenham went on to win the game 3-1.
You can watch more iconic FA Cup goals here.
Gavin Grimm (Facebook)
A transgender teen created a stir in his Virginia town by asking to use the boys' restroom at school.
Gavin Grimm, who was born a girl but identifies as a boy, sued school officials in Glouchester after they required him to use either the girls' restroom or a single-stall unisex bathroom available to all students.
“I'm not comfortable with it whatsoever,” Grimm said. “I'm not an ‘other' and I'm not unisex — I'm a boy.”
The Associated Press asked a few Walmart shoppers in the conservative town which bathroom they thought the teenager ought to use.
“If they're not fixed like a man, they should not use the men's bathroom,” said Gary Pilkinton, a 56-year-old movie special effects worker.
However, not all of the shoppers had strong feelings on the subject.
“I don't care what bathroom he uses,” said Cheryl Walker, a 71-year-old retiree. “Just don't go potty on the hallway floor.”
Grimm, who told his parents he was transgender last year but has refused to wear girls' clothes since age 6, said he's not surprised by the controversy.
“There's the side that's like, ‘Wow, Gloucester is really in the Stone Age with this one — just let you pee and be yourself and be happy,'” Grimm said. “And there's a lot of people from Gloucester who are like, ‘It's the Bible Belt and Satan is in our town.'”
Some boys told the AP they didn't mind sharing a restroom with Grimm, saying adults seemed more concerned than they are, but at least one boy said he had feared speaking out about his discomfort.
“My friends and I are uncomfortable with co-ed bathrooms and locker rooms,” said student Scott Williams. “Don't we matter too? How is it fair to advance the rights of one by violating the rights of a thousand? The unisex restroom isn't perfect, but it's the best option.”
The teen was allowed to use the boys' restrooms last year at school — and did so without incident — until some parents complained.
The school board voted 6-1 to institute a policy restricting students with “transgender issues” to the unisex facilities or to those corresponding to their biological gender, but Grimm and the American Civil Liberties Union sued after he found the situation unbearable.
“It's humiliating, it's ostracizing and I don't want to take that walk of shame to the unisex bathroom and know that everyone who saw me go in there knows why I'm in there — because I'm different, and I've been marked different by my school and publicly,” he said.
Dear Man I Sat Next to at the 3:10pm showing of Wolf of Wall Street at the Regal Cinemas L.A. LIVE Stadium 14,
I know it's very important for you to see Wolf of Wall Street because of the amazing review you read in the New Yorker. I, too, was interested in seeing Martin Scorsese unleash "furious, yet exquisitely controlled, kinetic energy, complete with a plunging and soaring camera," and I wish I could've taken the time to ask you what you thought of the "swirling choreography on a grand scale."
But you were too busy.
By the way, what'd your kid think of Jonah Hill's dick?
You seemed to really enjoy the movie, as evidenced by the way you were rhythmically eating popcorn and nodding along with Leonardo DiCaprio's cronies. I noticed this because I could not keep my eyes off your fucking five year old watching a sex orgy on a yacht. I wish we could have talked about the movie after, but you were too concerned with getting your small child into his coat and, well, I know that's an ordeal. Maybe you were hurrying to the next showing of the new James Franco leather film? I hear there's lots of dick but much less blow in that one.
Advertisement
My main concern here is that I'm pretty sure your child didn't even enjoy the movie. I want to believe that the only reason you would bring a five year old to see the filthiest film of the year that's not actual porn is because he's the boss in your relationship and bullied you into taking him. Hey, maybe he's interested in considering the feminist implications of such a film? Or perhaps we're dealing with a tiny genius who's studying Scorsese in hopes of getting into NYU film on full scholarship next year? Hold up, do you have the number for the MacArthur grant people? They should probably be in on this.
But when I saw him doze off during the scene where a woman has her head shaved in order to afford breast implants, I became worried that seeing this movie was more about you than it was about him.
Advertisement
As I observed you gulping your 154-ounce Coke product before passing it to a child who probably doesn't even know how to read yet, I thought, you know, here is a person who could use a holiday wish. And here is my wish for you: I wish for you to grow a fucking brain so that your child can develop harm-free.
Listen, despite the fact that the New Yorker is blowing so much smoke up Martin Scorsese's ass that he could be the house in UP, this was a great, great movie. It was gritty, insightful, and thought-provoking. It was also a festival of swears and Leonardo DiCaprio snorting blow out of a woman's butthole. YOUR KID IS FIVE YEARS OLD! HE HAD TO SIT ON A PILE OF OLD COATS TO SEE THE SCREEN FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
I spent last weekend hanging out with a five year old. Let me tell you what five year olds do. Five year olds watch the same episode of the Powerpuff Girls fifty times in a row and cover everything in your house with stickers. Now I'll tell you what five year olds don't (should't) do: they don't watch Matthew McConaughey deliver a ten minute soliloquy about stroking his dick. Believe it or not, they're not as into watching junior brokers get whipped by topless women as you are.
Advertisement
Or how about: WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU? Why would you ever bring a five-year-old to an R-rated movie (that was almost NC-17; like the comparatively tame/less ridiculous Showgirls)? You know what, it's not even about the movie. It's about the fact that you're bringing a KINDERGARTENER to an inappropriate venue because you just don't give a shit.
You can't front a baby sitter? Stay the fuck home and watch The Wire; there's lots of blows there, too. When the kid goes to sleep, pop in a fucking VHS of Glengarry Glen Ross and call it a day. Hey, Wolf of Wall Street will be out on DVD in a month or two, and then you can get watch Leo and Jonah pop qualudes and get their wangs sucked until the cows come home. (Cows coming home is basically the only thing that doesn't happen in this movie.)
Signed,
Your belated secret Santa Laura
Laura Atkinson and Cathy Lopienski co-own one of only five Columbus pharmacies owned by women.
Dublin-based Cardinal Health has a plan in place to change that, 10TV's Andrea Cambern reported.
In partnership with the National Community Pharmacist Association, Cardinal Health wants to try and interest more woman pharmacists into becoming owners, not just employees.
Last year, Cardinal Health set up a $1 million scholarship fund for schools that offer classes about owning and operating independent pharmacies.
“In pharmacy schools, more than half of the students are women,” Cardinal Health spokeswoman Jessica Schultz said. “But in terms of community pharmacy owners, that is a much smaller fraction.”
Schultz said that Cardinal Health supplies wholesale products to pharmacies but also tries to provide support.
“We also offer many services to help pharmacists run their businesses more successfully and effectively,” Schultz said. “(We) encourage curriculums that facilitate learning business skills, and also (offer) community education programming.”
Atkinson, who co-owns the TWC Pharmacy and Wellness Center on Agler Road, said that she and Lopienski opened the pharmacy about a year ago after they saw a growing need.
“We saw a large, unmet need in a population that did not have access to medication,” Atkinson said.
Lopienski said that she agreed.
“The best thing I like about my job is having a one-on-one relationship with my customers,” Lopienski said. “That's the advantage of being an independent pharmacist and not working for a chain.”
Lopienski said that owning her own pharmacy has other perks, too.
“I can be my own boss and have lots of flexibility now, too,” Lopienski said.
Watch 10TV News and refresh 10TV.com for more information.
Deep learning hide and seek
Bruce Robbins Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 21, 2016
Neural networks are programatic paradigms inspired by biological models that allow programs to learn from observing what has gone before and what is happening currently. To put this simply; they are ways that software can learn from observing data. We look to do exactly the same things in day to day life. It is not scary, creepy or even mildly threatening. It uses a set of terms that are emotive because the paradigms they are derived from not just biology, but the biology the mind and thought. They allude to the messages and connections that is intelligence. That image of electric signals popping off around the inside of our brain and a program doing something similar is what rattles us. All the stuff of good horror and science fiction from the gothic period onwards, Shelly comes to mind. Or is it really just a bit like giving the car (or any other inanimate machine) a human characteristic or worse still a personal name?
Computer systems are quite similar to living organisms, as I have noted before maybe not such advanced organisms, but organisms nonetheless. The part of the system that is living is not so much the hardware or even the software; it is the data. All those who have worked along side me will know I am prone to statements such as, ‘data takes on a life of its own', ‘when the data chooses to eat itself', ‘this data is dumb' ‘here we have an example of data that has run away with itself' and so on. It is not simply the closeness of a computational system to a living system that is behind the motive for connecting the two at a conceptual level nor is it just the need for a vocabulary. There is and always has been, a need to model something that does not yet exist on something that we know does exist. We seek to build computer systems based on ourselves (or our dogs) and we look to these as models.
They may think I am mad and just given to anthropomorphising at the drop of a hat but let us consider the microbiology of the neurotropic herpes simplex, it becomes latent and hides from the immune system in the cell bodies of neurones, this hiding is a very data like trait.
I am quite comfortable with the concept of data being alive, as opposed to just live and the concept of a biological element such as the neurone being used to describe how computational system works is equally comfortable. Looking at non computer science based behaviour patterns and structures provides at least a language for discussing the patterns, behaviours and structures of systems. So let us imagine a small collection of data elements a little like a virus in that they they live inside something else; something analogous to a cell. Before we pop off into a scene from a good SF movie let us define the cell in question. Let's view a transaction as our cell, the transaction comprises a number of processes and elements. The body of information we are looking at is comprised of these cells, it is not a sea of atomic data, but a collection of number groups (cells) of connected data. Small amounts of non conforming process can reside in each cell, as an example a rounding issue on a financial calculation. The rounding calculations done at the line level do not match the calculation done at the aggregate level, if the line contains a series of cells that each have a rounding calculation one of these could be non-conforming and could successfully hide amongst the others.
As another simple example of data hiding in other data, consider a performance monitoring system that grades three generalise scores, failing, actionable, and pass, defined by grade results against KPI's. 80% is the pass mark. A branch consistently scores well and regularly attains 90 to 95% scores. All looks good. At a certain point performance in one of the KPI's drops (scores of 90 falling to 70) to remedial, this is measured as a 25% drop when compared to the average for the period, another 2 key points measured have a massive improvement with increased scores 10 to 15 points up. This branch is to all accounts doing well as the overall results are still well above the pass mark, and have indeed increased during a period when an abject failure has been occurring. The consistent high performance masks the overall drop and this is compounded by two outstanding areas of improvement. Now anyone looking in detail at the results would see this but the whole point of the setting up the analytics in the first place was to give simple view of performance indicators and a quick opportunity to identify when remedial actions would be a benefit. In any enterprise that has a very large number of transactions good performance may mask very bad performance for a long time, the bad performing elements remain latent within the overall generalised view only to break out when the overall health is a bit run down, A bit like cold sores really.
As information scientists or software engineers or analysts or data architects we consistently look to human states such as language, intelligence, learning, the brain, etc as a way of describing the structures we build and deploy. We describe the technical world in terms of the natural world, we borrow terminology from natural sciences and more often than not it provides a very good fit.
Neurons are another system like trait, so much so that certain systems are named after them, as in Artificial Neural Network (ANN). An artificial neural network is ‘an information processing paradigm that is inspired by the way biological nervous systems, such as the brain, process information. The key element of this paradigm is the novel structure of the information processing system. It is composed of a large number of highly interconnected processing elements (neurones) working in unison to solve specific problems. ANNs, like people, learn by example. An ANN is configured for a specific application, such as pattern recognition or data classification, through a learning process. Learning in biological systems involves adjustments to the synaptic connections that exist between the neurones. This is true of ANNs as well.
First Published 23rd February 2016
A father has been found dead and his two-year-old daughter has been abducted from a small town near the Alberta-B.C. border.
Hailey Dunbar-Blanchette, 2, was taken from a residence in Blairmore, Alta., at around 3:30 a.m. Monday, according to Crowsnest RCMP.
An Amber Alert was issued in Alberta Monday afternoon for Dunbar-Blanchette and later extended to B.C., Saskatchewan, and south of the border in Montana. It remains in effect.
The girl's father, Terry Blanchette, 27, was found dead at the same residence around 11:15 a.m. after police were alerted to the body by a family member, according to RCMP Supt. Tony Hamori.
Hamori told reporters Monday evening that Blanchette's death is being treated as a homicide.
“We're working to confirm whether that location was the residence of the father or not,” he added.
Hamori said an unknown suspect or suspects fled from the scene in a newer white van with a large rear antenna and a flag attached. Hamori did not provide any details about the flag.
Hamoroi said police had spoken to Hailey's mother “and can certainly confirm that Hailey is not with her.”
Dunbar-Blanchette is described as a white girl with a small build, brown eyes and light brown hair with bangs.
Hamori said potential witnesses should not approach the suspect or suspects, and to instead call 911.
Staff at the local restaurant where Blanchette worked as a cook said they were shocked to learn of his death.
Neighbour Jennifer Irwin said she regularly saw Hailey playing outside her home or at a park.
Irwin said she is terrified, and that she hasn't let go of her own two-year-old daughter all day.
With files from CTV Calgary
Last week, we learned that hell had frozen over: Glenn Danzig will reunite with his original Misfits bandmates Jerry Only and Doyle Wolfgang Von Frankenstein for the first time since 1983. The reunited Misfits will headline Riot Fest, the punk-centric festival that's coming to both Denver (9/2-4) and Chicago (9/16-18). And today, the festival announces the rest of its lineup, which is both huge and crazy.
As Yahoo reports, the Deftones, Death Cab For Cutie, Nas, and the reunited Ween will also top the bill on both Riot Fests. And in Chicago, Morrissey will also join the bill. The two festivals have fairly divergent lineups, but between the two of them, they'll feature Sleater-Kinney, Brand New, the Descendents, Refused, NOFX, Tyler, The Creator, the reunited Thursday, the reunited Wolf Parade, the Hold Steady, Yo La Tengo, Vince Staples, Danny Brown, Against Me!, Rob Zombie, Jane's Addiction, Social Distortion, Bob Mould, Gwar, Fucked Up, and plenty of others. Below, check out the lineup — or at least, the portion of the lineup that's already been announced — for both festival.
DENVER LINEUP:
The Original Misfits
Ween
Death Cab For Cutie
Jane's Addiction (performing Ritual De Lo Habitual)
Sleater-Kinney
Nas
Deftones
Fitz And The Tantrums
Descendents
NOFX
Underoath
Bad Religion
Thursday
Tyler, The Creator
Pepper
Jake Bugg
Motion City Soundtrack (final shows)
Wolf Parade
The Hold Steady (performing Boys And Girls In America)
Yo La Tengo
Sleigh Bells
Chevy Metal
The Dandy Warhols
Vince Staples
Suicidal Tendencies
Flatbush Zombies
Hatebreed
Lagwagon
The Aquabats
Glassjaw
The Wonder Years
Me First And The Gimme Gimmes
Danny Brown
Against Me!
Meat Puppets
Leftöver Crack
Dan Deacon
Murder By Death
Rogue Wave
Converge
Billy Talent
Fucked Up
Lewis Del Mar
Set Your Goals
Juliette Lewis & The Licks
Touché Amoré
Pouya
White Lung
Plague Vendor
People Under The Stairs
Fat Nick And Don Krez
Violent Soho
Judith Hill
Tiger's Jaw
Bleached
Diarrhea Planet
Planes Mistaken For Stars
Dee-1
Kirk Knight
Somos
Turnover
Jessica Hernandez & The Deltas
Bryce Vine
3Teeth
Night Riots
Syd Arthur
Holy White Hounds
Jule Vera
Microwave
Death Spells
Diet Cig
Donna Missal
High Waisted
Culture Abuse
CHICAGO LINEUP:
The Original Misfits
Morrissey
Ween
Death Cab For Cutie
Rob Zombie (performing White Zombie's Astro-Creep: 2000)
Social Distortion (performing, White Light, White Heat, White Trash)
Brand New
Nas
The Specials
Deftones
Fitz And The Tantrums
Jimmy Eat World
Descendents
Refused
NOFX
Bad Religion
Pierce The Veil
All-Time Low
Underoath
Motion City Soundtrack (final shows)
Thursday
Jake Bugg
The Hives
Death Grips
Chevy Metal
Bob Mould
The Hold Steady (performing Boys And Girls In America)
Glassjaw
Me First And The Gimme Gimmes
Pepper
Tiger Army
Meat Puppets
GZA
The Wonder Years
Method Man And Redman
Dan Deacon
Dee Snider
Andrew W.K.
Joey Bada$$
Gwar
Leftöver Crack
The Anniversary
Neck Deep
Highly Suspect
Smoking Popes
Fucked Up
The Vandals
The Dillinger Escape Plan
Girls Against Boys
Fu Manchu
The Falcon
I The Mighty
The Toasters
Set Your Goals
Juliette Lewis And The Licks
Frnkiero And The Cellabration
Tigers Jaw
Basement
Citizen
Swingin' Utters
Big D & The Kids' Table
Diarrhea Planet
Pouya
Touché Amoré
Hippo Campus
Balance & Composure
People Under The Stairs
White Lung
Denzel Curry
Jessica Hernandez & The Deltas
Turnover
Violent Soho
Dee-1
Bleached
Brick + Mortar
Night Riots
Plague Vendor
Off With Their Heads
Holy White Hounds
Laura Stevenson
Somos
Tancred
Microwave
Deals Gone Bad
Death Spells
3Teeth
Black Foxxes
The Wans
Creeper
The Walters
Jule Vera
Mariana City
Worriers
Nots
Big Ups
All Dogs
The Dirty Nil
Eskimeuax
War On Women
Hard Girls
A Will Away
Can't Swim
With Our Arms To The Sun
Donna Missal
Bad Cop / Bad Cop
Tasha The Amazon
Blackbox
High Waisted
Partner
Sleep Kitty
School Of Rock
There's more to be added to both lineups. For more info about both festivals, head over here.
An all Novocastrian coaching duo with decades of playing and coaching experience in the game has today been appointed to take charge of Newcastle Jets for the next two Hyundai A-League campaigns.
Mark Jones (Head Coach) and Clayton Zane (Assistant Coach) will take the reigns of the Club's first team squad until the completion of the Hyundai A-League 2017/18 Season.
Both Jones and Zane are no strangers to the Club or its Members and fans, given both have held a variety of previous positions with Newcastle Jets.
Indeed, Jones was Assistant Coach when the Jets won the Hyundai A-League 2008 Championship, while Zane has served successfully as interim first team boss, Hyundai A-League Assistant Coach, Westfield W-League Head Coach, and Foxtel National Youth League Head Coach at the Club in the past.Moreover both men represented Newcastle as players on the national stage, with defender Jones featuring for Newcastle Rosebud in the 1980s and Newcastle Breakers in the 1990s, and striker Zane representing Newcastle Breakers in the 1990s.Despite hailing from the same region and even playing for the same Club (Breakers) just a year apart, the playing and coaching paths of Jones and Zane have rarely crossed.But that will now change as the Club looks to the expertise and passion of two Novocastrians to help forge its football fortunes.“It's a proud day for me to be appointed Head Coach of Newcastle Jets, my hometown Club,” Jones - who played for Toronto-Awaba during his youth career - said. “It is no secret that this is a position that I have long coveted, and to realise my ambition of becoming a Head Coach in the city I love is a dream come true.”“But now the hard work begins. The Club has assembled a competitive and balanced squad brimming with local talent, A-League experience and international know-how for the Hyundai A-League 2016/17 Season, and I am personally excited to work with each and every member of the squad.”“While it's true that there's not long until the new season commences, the work that has been done in preparing the squad has been good and I believe that we can kick off the new campaign in a very competitive fashion.”“I will leave no stone unturned in making my tenure at the helm of the Newcastle Jets a successful one for our Members,” Jones concluded.Zane transitioned to interim first team Head Coach in early September and has since presided over consecutive 4-0 friendly wins over Edgeworth FC and Melbourne City FC.The former Caltex Socceroos marksman will again take charge of the Jets' senior squad when the Club faces Western Sydney Wanderers FC at Cessnock Sportsground at 3pm on Saturday afternoon.Jones will be in attendance at the match to oversee proceedings.“I feel privileged to be back involved with the Club's first team squad on a full time basis,” Zane - who played with top clubs in Norway and Belgium during his established career - said. “It has been enjoyable working with players of a high calibre over the past few weeks, and I am excited to continue working with them with Mark over the next two years.”“I am sure that Mark and I will form a very quick and positive working relationship, and hopefully our ideas, methods and attributes will complement each other and benefit the squad and Club overall,” he said.Zane will continue to oversee the Club's Foxtel National Youth League program for the 2016/17 Season with support from other club coaches including Paul Gomez and Qiang Li.
OTTAWA—Prime Minister Stephen Harper is known as an excellent political campaigner. But, with an election in the air, he has set himself a real challenge: Can he convince individual taxpayers to continue paying a greater share of Ottawa's income taxes while reducing the share picked up by corporate Canada? Despite warnings that it could topple the minority Conservative government, Harper has not blinked in his determination to go ahead with a program of phased-in corporate income tax cuts that will cost Ottawa another $6 billion in foregone revenue next year.
In keeping with the government's vision of making Canada a low-tax jurisdiction, the Conservatives have been gradually cutting taxes on corporate profits since 2007. ( CHRIS YOUNG / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
In keeping with the government's vision of making Canada a low-tax jurisdiction, the Conservatives have been gradually cutting taxes on corporate profits since 2007. By 2015 under this plan, the share of federal government programs paid for by corporate income taxes will have shrunk to 12.3 per cent from 20.8 per cent in 2000. Pollsters say selling corporate tax cuts to the public is an iffy proposition, particularly after years of work by Harper to position himself as a creature of Main Street, not Bay Street.
Article Continued Below
And the federal opposition parties are making every effort to capitalize on the tax issue, accusing the Conservatives of favouring big business over average families at a time when Canadians are still struggling to recover from the recession. Adding to the opposition's anger is the fact Finance Minister Jim Flaherty is boosting payroll taxes paid by employees and employers. “We are looking at a $56 billion deficit, yet Conservatives want to borrow another $6 billion just to give Canada's wealthiest corporations a tax break they obviously do not need because tax rates are already low,” Liberal MP Justin Trudeau said Friday in the latest salvo from his party on this issue. The government is defending its position by saying that not only large corporations benefit from lower income taxes. “We are making Canada a magnet for jobs, for investment and for opportunity,” Conservative House leader John Baird responded to Trudeau. Catherine Swift, the President of the Canadian Federation of Independent Business, appeared in Ottawa alongside Flaherty last week to make the point that businesses large and small welcome tax breaks, although she noted that her organization was not thrilled by the increase in Employment Insurance premiums that began Jan. 1.
In the past four years, the Harper government has been gradually reducing the corporate income tax rate from 22 per cent to 16.5 per cent as of Jan. 1. In 2012, it will fall to 15 per cent. It's part of an array of business tax reductions introduced by the Conservatives that will deprive Ottawa of an estimated $60 billion in tax revenue by 2013.
Article Continued Below
The Liberals and NDP say it doesn't make sense to keep phasing in the tax cuts at a time when Ottawa's finances are in turmoil and Canadian corporate income taxes have already been reduced to be in line with other industrial countries. If in government, the Liberals say they would rescind the latest business tax cut, leaving the corporate income tax rate at 18 per cent. The $6 billion dollars in extra federal tax revenue would be dedicated to family care, education and pensions, Liberals say. Harper and Flaherty argue that higher corporate income taxes would jeopardize the economic recovery and make it harder to bring down unemployment, which at 7.8 per cent is still considered unacceptably high by the Conservative government. With all three opposition parties against more corporate tax breaks, it's possible the issue could blow up after the federal budget in March, leading to the fall of the government on a Commons vote. It's not clear if Harper could succeed if more tax help for corporations becomes a major election issue, observers say. Bob Plamondon, a well-known chronicler of Conservative politics, says Harper can argue that lower business taxes spur economic activity and actually increase corporate tax revenues. But “that is a hard argument to make,” Plamondon admits. What's going on, in his view, is that Harper, after five years in power, has reached a point where he is willing to risk large amounts of political capital for decisions the Prime Minister believes are in the best long-term interests of the country. He said the same is true for Harper's decision to engage the United States in a new, more coordinated approach to border security and for Ottawa's move to spend $18 billion on F-35 fighter aircraft. After years of cautiously managing a minority government, Harper is becoming less cautious and accepting the need to make tough choices, Plamondon said. “They've got three issues where the political outcome is unknown,” he said, “so they are into new territory.”
Read more about:
Calgary police are hoping the public will be able to help them track down a missing girl who hasn't been seen since late June.
Angelina Pederson, 15, was last seen leaving her home in the 2200 block of Woodpark Avenue S.W. on June 22.
Authorities don't believe that foul play had anything to do with her disappearance, but police would like to confirm Pederson's whereabouts to ensure her safety.
Pederson is described as:
Caucasian
5'4” (163 cm)
115 pounds (52 kg)
Brown hair
Brown eyes
Pederson was last seen wearing white sweatpants, a gray and black hoodie, a black baseball cap and gray running shoes.
She was also carrying a multicoloured backpack.
Anyone with information about her whereabouts is asked to contact police at 403-266-1234 or Crime Stoppers anonymously using any of the following methods:
TALK: 1-800-222-8477
TYPE: www.calgarycrimestoppers.org
TEXT: tttTIPS to 274637
The vehicle has been described as a compact combat unit
A mini armoured car, designed for use in confined spaces such as airports and hotels targeted in terror attacks, has gone on display at an Indian arms fair. The battery operated, two million rupees ($45,000) Anti-Terrorist Assault Cart (Atac) is said to resemble a bullet-proof golf buggy with firing ports. It has been specially designed to transport two-armed security personnel during or after terror attacks. It was created in the wake of the Mumbai (Bombay) hotel attacks of 2008. The attacks in November 2008 took place in two luxury hotels with gunmen surrounded by security forces for about 60 hours. One hundred and sixty-five people were killed in the attacks, including nine gunmen. The company behind the cart, Metaltech Motor Bodies Pvt Ltd, said the Atac had been designed in the aftermath of the attacks. 'Helplessness' "It can extract civilians or engage terrorists," Metaltech managing director JB Sehrawat told the AFP news agency. "It's a product of our sense of helplessness over the casualties we took in the attacks. We put our heads and hearts together and came up with the Atac." It weighs just under half a tonne, has bullet-proof windows and contains numerous firing ports. Furthermore it is able to negotiate corridors and lifts. Metaltech says the squat and heavily armoured vehicle can also withstand grenade blasts and last for six hours on a single charge - with a top speed of 25km/h (15mph). The company said it was offering a prototype of the vehicle, which drew applause from visitors and military scientists attending the arms fair in Delhi, for trials with the sponsors of the Commonwealth Games, due to be held in the city in November. India has had to reassure foreign countries that those games and next month's hockey World Cup in Delhi will be safe and free of terror attacks. "Given the growing threats, we need nano-engineering such as the Atac," Metaltech Vice President SW Thatte said.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Obama Administration has officially renewed the War on Drugs. The Fiscal Year 2016 budget plan released earlier this week, shows, despite the illusion of the puppet show in the nation's capital working to reform failed drug policies, the master is hell bent on spending more money than ever to protect America against the wrath of controlled substances.
Although the President, at times, displays a progressive attitude in regards to making changes to the drug laws in the United States, this sentiment was not represented on Monday when he requested $27.6 billion to combat the domestic drug war – nearly $2 billion more than was allotted in 2014.
The White House calls the strategy behind this madness a “21st century approach to drug policy that outlines innovative policies and programs and recognizes that substance use disorders are not just a criminal justice issue, but also a major public health concern,” and suggests it is “an evidence-based plan for real drug policy reform, spanning the spectrum of prevention, early intervention, treatment, recovery support, criminal justice reform, effective law enforcement, and international cooperation.”
However, the scam is revealed in the numbers. For years, the federal drug control budget has favored law enforcement over prevention, so it is not surprising to see the trinity of federal drug enforcement (the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Department of Justice) receive nearly $5 billion more than the Department of Health and Human Services. Incidentally, the $10 billion assigned to fund drug prevention and treatment programs is somewhat of an illusion, itself, as the majority — $6 billion — will go towards Medicare and Medicaid.
Those people who are not cured by Uncle Sam's prevention and treatment practices will likely become prisoners of the drug war, and the government is counting on it; padding the cells with more money. The President's budget provides the Bureau of Prisons with a $187 million raise to house drug offenders, rationing a total of nearly $4 billion for the incarceration industry. The Drug Enforcement Administration also received a substantial boost in funding — $90 million more than last year — providing the agency with almost $3 billion.
While there was an overall increase in the proposed federal drug budget, some agencies actually experienced a decrease in funding. The Office of National Drug Control Policy, for example, which oversees the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Program, took a $66 million cut.
Obama's latest drug control proposal must now go before Congress for their seal of approval, which will likely lead to additional increases throughout. One thing is certain, with billions of dollars in federal expenditures still feeding the anti-drug crusade, there is no end in sight for the nation's combative efforts against illegal substances.
As well as being awarded the 700 franchised Bikram Yoga studios, Minakshi Jafa-Bodden (pictured) will also receive Choudhury's multi-million-pound fleet of 43 cars
He made his name and a £60 million fortune from superheated yoga in which devotees, including celebrities such as David Beckham, Lady Gaga and Madonna, sweat through exercise routines in 105F heat.
But The Mail on Sunday has established that Bikram Choudhury, the charismatic 'yogi to the stars', has been stripped of his worldwide empire by a Los Angeles court – the latest twist in a £6.4 million sex harassment case brought by Oxford-educated lawyer Minakshi Jafa-Bodden, a former employee.
As well as being awarded the 700 franchised Bikram Yoga studios around the globe, Miss Jafa-Bodden will also receive Choudhury's multi-million-pound fleet of 43 cars, which includes 13 Rolls-Royces, eight Bentleys and three Ferraris.
That's if she can find them. Last week, as letters went out to the Bikram Yoga franchises worldwide telling them of the change at the top, Choudhury's garage manager was summoned to the Los Angeles Superior Court, to explain where the cars are – and why they have been removed from a vehicle compound in violation of court orders.
Last night, Miss Jafa-Bodden, 47, who left her career in international litigation with a London City law firm to take what she thought would be her dream job as the head of Bikram Yoga's legal team, told The Mail on Sunday: 'Bikram is no longer the boss of Bikram Yoga. I am. I've been to hell and back, but the jury has spoken. Bikram has tried to conceal assets and has fled America, but justice will be done.'
The demise of Choudhury – who developed his signature 90-minute workouts after arriving in California in the 1970s – is as extraordinary as his rise to fame.
Raised on the streets of Calcutta, he became a self-made tycoon thanks to an innovative new yoga style that offered lithe bodies and spiritual enlightenment in equal measure to its participants.
This photograph shows some of Bikram Choudhury's supercars, including his Rolls Royces
His business model was simple: he charged students about £13,500 to train as Bikram Yoga teachers and rolled out licensed franchises around the world, charging handsome fees for the benefit of using his name.
But as his fame and wealth increased, Choudhury began to behave, according to Miss Jafa-Bodden, like a man 'drunk on power', making lewd pronouncements, including boasts that he had 5,000 women 'begging' to sleep with him and that a single drop of his sperm 'is worth a million dollars'.
Eventually, she said, his out-of-control ego turned him into a violent sexual predator who preyed on young female devotees.
Miss Jafa-Bodden, a mother of one, studied at Oxford and Birmingham Universities before joining the Bikram empire in 2011 as the £90,000-a-year head of his legal team.
She said: 'He can be very charming when you first meet him, but that didn't last long.
'There were allegations of rape and assault. Perhaps the first complaint was a surprise but then I began to see a pattern. He told me to 'fix' these women, but when I refused to cover up his alleged crimes, he became abusive, calling me a 'f***ing bitch'.
'He would sit on a throne at the front of this vast room filled with trainees. During lectures the throne would be lowered. There would be a girl stroking his hair, another massaging his back and another stroking him under orange towels that would be placed on his lap.
'It was disgusting, but it was a daily occurrence. He is a cold, calculating predator. I witnessed him routinely abusing that power, often with the most vulnerable students.
Bikram Choudhury (left) has been stripped of his worldwide empire by a Los Angeles court
'These were young women who looked up to him as a spiritual guru. They loved him. And he took advantage of that in the most heinous way imaginable.'
Miss Jafa-Bodden sued for sex discrimination and last January was awarded more than £5 million.
Choudhury immediately fled to his native India and the sum has now risen to £6.4 million because of interest.
Miss Jafa-Bodden's legal team, headed by lawyers Mark Quigley and Carla Minnard, has been trying to locate the guru's property, including a diamond-encrusted watch worth £1 million, various properties around the globe – and his fleet of luxury classic cars.
The garage manager, an old family friend of 72-year-old Choudhury, claims he does not know where the vehicles are – even though lawyers for Miss Jafa-Bodden claim to have photographic evidence of him taking part in their removal.
Miss Jafa-Bodden said that the ruling by Los Angeles Superior Court was 'a delicious irony', adding: 'I started off working for him and I ended up with his company.
'In a million years I never imagined that would be the outcome. Now I want to sell what we can so I can get my money and move on with my life.'
"Suburbia." Image: David Shankbone/Wikipedia
Our health isn't just about us, as individuals—our well-being is connected to the state of our communities and the resources available to us within them. Understanding the social, economic, and material factors that make people in one area healthier than those in another is key for improving policy and patient care.
Doctors at the Cincinnati Children's Hospital have been investigating how housing data at the neighbourhood level can be used to predict the morbidity rate, or risk of re-hospitalization, of people suffering from asthma for several years. In 2013, a team led by Andrew Beck, a physician, found that admission rates for asthma were closely linked to a neighbourhood's median income and access to care. Poorer neighbourhoods were sending more kids to the hospital with wheezing coughs.
To refine their approach to identifying which neighborhoods are making their residents sick, Beck and his colleagues looked at the rates of reported incidents of housing code violations —like cockroach infestations or mold—in low-income, racially-divided neighbourhoods in Cincinnati. Their study, published today in Health Affairs, found that children who had been hospitalized for asthma in the past were 1.84 times more likely to return to the hospital if they lived in the highest quartile of housing code violation areas, compared to those living in the lowest.
A visualization of the data culled from the Avondale neighbourhood in Cincinnati.
One neighbourhood, Avondale, was singled out by the researchers as being severely impacted. Avondale is a largely black neighbourhood and is fraught with poverty. According to the researchers, linking health and housing data is an important step to identifying at-risk neighbourhoods like Avondale and improving them through policy and patient care.
"If you can begin to predict or more accurately identify the parts of people's lives, parts of their day-to-day context, and the neighbourhoods that are either keeping them healthy or making them sick, perhaps we could more effectively target need and allocate resources," Beck told me.
The findings have implications for health care at both the individual and systemic levels. Beck said that knowing which areas are experiencing widespread health problems due to poor living conditions and lack of health infrastructure like pharmacies and clinics could be useful to policymakers at the local level.
It's certainly a nice idea, but it's not like this knowledge has helped in the past, at least at the level of policy. That concerns over the state of low-income public housing led to the wholesale abandonment of their upkeep and subsequent liquidation instead of their improvement is a well-documented, though often hidden or outrightly denied, fact about America's relationship with the poor.
The business world and politicians know everything about everything because they use data so well, but in healthcare we're just learning
Indeed, the perception of the uncleanliness of the poor and non-white has historically proven to be a self-fulfilling prophecy of sorts. For example, as Robert D. Bullard reported in his article The Mountains of Houston, nearly all of Houston's garbage incinerators and all of its dumps were built in neighbourhoods dominated by black and otherwise non-white people, who didn't have the political clout to move such works elsewhere.
At the level of individual patient care, however, the advantages afforded to physicians caring for sick children by housing data could be enormous. If data about what resources a child's neighbourhood has and what health risks are known to be present there were included in their electronic health record, Beck explained, a doctor could prescribe treatments that take their environment and predicted morbidity into account.
"I can prescribe all the medicine that I want, but if the family I'm trying to keep out of the hospital is worried about keeping food on the table or a roof over their head, then I want to make sure that I'm aware of that," Beck said.
Using data and other uncommon technological means—like text messaging—to address the needs of distressed and disadvantaged communities is becoming a popular idea among healthcare professionals. After all, Facebook and the government are using our data for ends arguably less noble than improving the health of underserved neighbourhoods. Why not hospitals?
"The business world and politicians know everything about everything because they use data so well, but in healthcare we're just learning about that," Beck told me. "How can we use data in ways that are non-invasive—that don't cross the boundary that we want to maintain with our communities and patients—to make sure that we're actually providing the treatment to families that they'll most benefit from and that they want?"
Using nonmedical data relating to socio-economic status and the number of housing code violations in an area to address health concerns is likely too fresh a practice to have concrete applications, Beck noted. Even so, it's an important step to conceiving of healthcare as less about us, and more about Us: the society we've built, and who is left out in the cold with a bad cough.
The much-debated transportation bill has lurched forward, with the Georgia House passing an amended version of the measure 123-45. While small changes have taken the estimated revenue generation potential below the $1 billion mark, estimates still put the figure at a respectable $900 million. To get there, the bill calls for the removal of current gas taxes in favor of a flat 29.2 cent per gallon excise tax. To capture revenue from electric car owners, the bill also calls for a $200 annual fee for electric vehicles and eliminates state tax credits for the cars, which have helped propel Atlanta to number two nationally in electric-car ownership. With the bill heading to the Senate, it's time to hear what you think about it.
While many were optimistic that the bill would support public transit in addition to road and bridge infrastructure, it seems a large portion of that support has been gutted. With a backlog of between $1 and $1.5 billion in transportation projects, legislators decided it was really time to get something done. Despite best efforts by Majority Leader Larry O'Neal (R-Bonaire) and Majority Whip Matt Ramsey (R-Peachtree City) to amend the bill and reduce funding to $500 million, other Republicans said "enough is enough," with Mark Hamilton (R-Cumming) going so far as to call the last seven years of inaction "the reason [roads and bridges] are in such bad shape." However, is this going to be a case of too little too late? And does the lack of substantial transit funding make you want to punch yourself in the face? Or do you just not care?
· Georgia House passes comprehensive transportation funding bill [Atlanta Business Chronicle]
· Billion Dollar Bill Moves Forward. Will Transit Tag Along? [Curbed Atlanta]
Bryce Casavant, the B.C. conservation officer who was suspended after he refused to kill two black bear cubs near Port Hardy in July, is being transferred out of the Conservation Officer Service.
The B.C. Government and Service Employees' Union (BCGEU) is filing a grievance over the transfer. The union had already filed a grievance over his suspension earlier this summer.
"Bryce Casavant was following clear procedures when he decided to save these young bears," said BCGEU president Stephanie Smith. "He showed compassion and exercised caution — all good traits for a conservation officer -— so we are calling for his full reinstatement."
"We will pursue these issues to an arbitration hearing and ask an independent decision-maker to find there was no just cause for the employer's actions."
Cubs in rehab
The bear cubs' mother was killed by Casavant after it repeatedly raided a freezer full of meat and salmon, but despite an order to kill the cubs too, Casavant took them to a veterinary hospital instead, believing they could be rehabilitated.
Two bear cubs — a brother and sister — were tranquilized after their mother was killed for repeatedly breaking into a freezer full of meat and salmon. (Julie Mackey)
They were later transferred to a recovery centre run by the North Island Wildlife Recovery Association in Errington, also on Vancouver Island.
Subsequently the cubs were approved for the orphaned bear cub rearing and release program, said Vivian Thomas, communications director for the Ministry of Forests, Lands and Natural Resource Operations. They'll stay at the centre until 2016 when they'll be released.
The incident sparked widespread calls on social media for Casavant's reinstatement, with British comedian Ricky Gervais even tweeting support.
Not disciplined, says government
Jamie Edwardson, spokesperson for the B.C. Public Service Agency, said that after reviewing the case, "No employee involved in this case has been subjected to any discipline."
The decision that resulted was to reassign the employee to an equivalent position within government, at no loss of salary, or classification.
But that does not sit well with the union's Stehanie Smith..
"Casavant should not have been suspended, and he should not be transferred from his job as a conservation officer," Smith said, adding she can't disclose the details of his new position in order to allow the office to get on with day-to-day affairs.
Casavant wants job he loves
Smith said that Casavant, who can't speak to the media about the issue, is disappointed about the transfer and wants to return to the job he loves.
"He has a distinguished record of public service in law enforcement," Smith said. "Bryce Casavant did the right thing when he decided these young bears should be assessed for rehabilitation."
An arbitration hearing will be scheduled as soon as possible, the BCGEU said in a statement released Friday.
Abilene Christian center Sierra Allen, center, works for a shot opportunity as Baylor's Beatrice Mompremier (32) and Nina Davis (13) defend in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game, Thursday, Dec. 1, 2016, in Waco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez) (Photo: The Associated Press)
WACO, Texas (AP) — Nina Davis scored 18 points and fourth-ranked Baylor stretched its home winning streak to 46 games with a 79-34 victory over Abilene Christian on Thursday night.
Kalani Brown added 15 points and 11 rebounds, and Khadijiah Cave had 12 points on 6-of-7 shooting. The Lady Bears (8-1) haven't lost at home since March 2014.
The Lady Bears never trailed, jumping out to a 14-3 lead in the first 6 minutes of the game. Abilene Christian had turnovers on five of its first eight possessions.
Baylor had a 38-22 lead at halftime even with 10 turnovers by then. But Abilene Christian was held to only 12 points in the second half — eight points in the third quarter, four points in the fourth.
"We wore them down in transition and got down the floor," Baylor coach Kim Mulkey said. "It was not a very pretty game from our perspective."
Sydney Shelstead led Abilene Christian (3-4) with nine points, and was in foul trouble. Suzzy Dimba had eight points.
The Lady Bears had a 17-0 run over a span of 6 1/2 minutes that included the end of the third quarter and start of the fourth quarter for a 65-30 lead. Seven different Baylor players scored in that spurt, and Davis had a part in the first five baskets in the fourth quarter when she had a layup, a jumper and three assists.
"We really got killed in transition," Abilene Christian coach Julie Goodenough said. "They were just beating us in the track meet through the middle of the floor and scored so many points in transition. They shot 83 percent in the fourth quarter. We weren't getting back on defense and they really capitalized on that."
BIG PICTURE
Abilene Christian was much smaller, and the Lady Bears made the most of that size advantage. The Wildcats were outscored 54-14 in the paint, and got outrebounded 40-29.
Baylor has a six-game winning streak, winning those games by an average margin of 45 points, since its loss at second-ranked UConn on Nov. 17.
SHE SAID IT
"We're not going to play great every night. But if you just pick it up on the defensive end when you miss shots and you seem lethargic, you've got to live with it," Mulkey said.
STAT OF THE NIGHT
Baylor recorded 23 assists on 30 baskets. On the season, the Bears have notched assists on 206 of its 306 field goals.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Lady Bears started the season ranked No. 2, and slipped to five after the loss at UConn before gaining a spot in the latest poll. Whether they move up or down next week will be determined Sunday when the top five teams all play.
HOME SWEET STREAKS
Baylor won its 172th consecutive home game against non-ranked opponents since losing to Auburn in the WNIT final in Waco on April 4, 2003. The Lady Bears' overall home winning streak dates back to a 71-70 loss to No. 11 West Virginia on March 2, 2014.
UP NEXT
Abilene Christian, after the three-game trip that included a loss at SEC team Texas A&M, gets to go home for the next two games. The Wildcats play UMKC on Saturday.
The Lady Bears get another significant road test, when they play at No. 22 Tennessee on Sunday in the Big 12/SEC Challenge.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Soup has a big job to do. Not only has it been tasked with nourishing the soul, but restoring the body and feeding hungry minds on top of that. Soup fills the empty spaces in stomachs and hearts alike, soothing in ways that words fail to match. Thick, spoon-coating, veggie-heavy bowlfuls may be the more popular choice these days, but there's some serious praise due to the more brothy variety. The clean, clear flavors that can shine in such a medium are unparalleled, and there's nothing to say that it can't also be loaded up with hearty additions. Substantial, hearty, and yes, meaty mix-ins are the key to elevating the average cup of vegetable stock to something worthy of a meal. Even for the picky eaters in my fold, spread halfway across the continent, there was a comforting sense of unity when we all sat down to enjoy the same sort of meal.
Cooking with my dad over Skype has been challenging, but never due to his culinary skills. Simply crafting a recipe with ingredients that he could find, create a healthy meal with, and manage within his busy schedule has always been a stumbling block. Now that my sister has joined him in his tiny German abode, it's increasingly difficult to come up with things that everyone will like. Dumplings are a hit across all branches of this family tree, so no matter the filling, it was a clear winner from the start. Their creative interpretation of my instructions has proven instrumental in understanding how most people craft their meals as well, reinforcing the importance of a flexible, resilient recipe. That also means that I can confidently state that these easy wontons can happily accommodate a swap of seitan to tofu, any sort of mushroom (fresh or frozen), and amounts are largely to be considered guidelines, not rules. Additionally, the finished dumplings stand up beautifully to freezing for extended periods, pan-frying or steaming just as well as they might float in soup.
The soup itself lived up to the high expectations placed upon the humble bowlful. Maybe the company (in person and on the screen) makes a difference, but it was one of the most comforting recent meals I can recall.
Seitan Dumplings
1 Pound Prepared Seitan, Drained if Water-Packed
10 Ounces Frozen Mixed Mushrooms, Thawed and Drained
1 Tablespoon Olive Oil
1 Tablespoon Toasted Sesame Oil
3 – 4 Scallions, Thinly Sliced
2 Teaspoons Fresh Ginger, Finely Minced
2 Cloves Garlic, Finely Minced
3 Tablespoons Tamari or Soy Sauce
2 Tablespoons Rice Vinegar
1 Package 3 1/2 – 4 Inch Round Vegan Wonton Wrappers
For Wonton Soup (Optional):
Vegetable Broth
Thinly Sliced Scallions
Thinly Sliced Chili Peppers, Crushed Red Pepper Flakes, or Sriracha
Greens, Such as Kale, Spinach, or Arugula
Begin by placing the seitan, mushrooms, and scallions your food processor, and pulse until the mixture is coarsely ground, roughly approximating the texture of ground meat. Set aside for the time being.
Heat both oils in a medium saute pan over moderate heat. Once shimmering, toss in the ginger and garlic. Cook for about two minutes or until aromatic and toss in the ground seitan. Stir continuously to prevent it from sticking or burning for 4 – 5 minutes. Any liquid should have evaporated at this stage, so drizzle in the soy sauce and vinegar, scraping the bottom of the pan to dislodge anything that may have adhered. Continue to cook for an additional 4 minutes or so, until that liquid has also been absorbed into the filling. Let cool for at least 15 minutes, or until it reaches a manageable temperature.
Set out a plate to place your finished dumplings and cover the stack of unfilled wonton wrappers with a lightly moistened paper towel. They can dry out very quickly which will make clean folds impossible, so keep a close eye on them throughout the process. If they aren't all used when the filling is finished, they can be sealed in a plastic baggie and frozen for 3 – 4 months. Place only about 1 – 2 teaspoons of filling in the center of each wrapper, and lightly dampen the edges with water to seal. There are many ways to shape your dumplings, depending on your tastes or how you'd like to use them, so I must defer to the experts here for instruction.
After shaping your dumplings as desired, you can either freeze them in an air-tight container for later use or move on to cook them right away. For the soup, simply heat up as much broth as you'd like and toss in scallions, spicy additions, and greenery to your taste. There's no one right way to assemble such a soup, so just trust your instincts. Once gently simmering, carefully lower the wontons in and cook for just 2 minutes, until the wrappers look a bit more translucent. Serve immediately- Wonton soup does not keep or reheat well.
If pan-frying, heat up about 1/4 – 1/2 inch layer of neutral-flavored oil on the bottom of your saute pan over medium heat. Once hot, add the dumplings in one even layer and let sizzle until brown and crispy; just 2 – 3 minutes. Flip and brown the opposite side if desired. Serve immediately with additional soy sauce for dipping.
Makes 40 – 50 Seitan Dumplings
Printable Recipe
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
How does the UK compare with other European countries in relation to family-friendly policies? Liam Foster, Ruby Chau and Sam Yu look at eight European countries and develop two new indices on ‘defamilisation', the degree to which social care measures make it possible for people to participate in activities outside their home. Their research shows that the UK still has much to do to moderate economic inequalities in older age between men and women.
Women are typically overrepresented in pensioner poverty. On average, in the EU the percentage of men aged 65+ at risk of poverty is less than 15%, compared with over 20% of women. These trends reflect women's constrained opportunities across the life course, including their greater likelihood of undertaking caring responsibilities, its impact on employment and, subsequently, women's increased chances of reaching retirement with inadequate pensions.
The level of gendered inequalities is affected by the extent to which pension systems address these diverse experiences and compensate for relative disadvantages in the division of work and care, including the use of care credits. Unfortunately, typical male working patterns are still largely the reference point for calculating pensions in most countries, with gender differences in work and care often overlooked.
What are defamilisation measures and why do they matter?
Given these trends, it is important to explore countries' strategies to enable women to participate in paid employment and contribute to pensions in their own right, including the use of defamilisation measures and reward periods of care. Two defamilisation indices are now used to look at how policies regarding defamilisation might affect women's pensions. These are termed individual-based and state-led care-focused defamilisation. The individual-based defamilisation measures are concerned with how welfare enables women to survive as independent workers. The state-led care-focused defamilisation measures focus on the extent to which family caring responsibilities are relaxed via policy measures.
Table 1, focusing on the individual-based defamilisation indicators, shows considerable differences in the 8 countries experience of these measures. The UK tends to fare unfavourably compared with the other countries. It has higher than average Z-scores in the indicators associated with the relative female labour participation rate and relative time spent on unpaid work, and has a low Z-score in the indicator related to the average female wage. While the UK compares slightly more favourably in relation to maternity provision, it still tends to lag behind most of the other countries. For instance, Denmark, Norway, and Sweden have low Z-scores in the indicators concerned with the relative time spent on unpaid work and the relative female labour participation rate (for persons aged 15-64), and high Z-scores in the indicator concerned with the average female wage.
Table 1. Individual-based defamilisation indicators
Notes: a Calculated as the difference between the female and male labour participation rate; b Calculated as the difference between the female and male average time spent on unpaid work; c Wages in manufacturing. Unless otherwise noted, data refer to the latest year available in the given interval; d Data from 2005; e Data from 2001; f Data from 2000; g Data from 1999. (Source: United Nations, 2010)
The UK also tends to lag behind the other countries when considering the state-led care focused defamilisation indicators in Table 2. For instance, the UK has a low Z-score in relation to the average hours of children's attendance in childcare per week, and a high Z-score in terms of childcare costs for a dual-earner family as a percentage of net family income. There is a significant negative correlation between the average hours of attendance per week and the relative female labour participation, and a similar significant negative correlation between the average hours of attendance per week and the relative time spent on unpaid work. Once again, the social democratic countries, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and Finland fared most favourably in relation to these indicators with the conservative countries France, Netherlands, and Belgium tending to perform less well, but not to the extent of the UK, which represents the liberal regime.
Table 2. State-led Care Focused Defamilisation Indicators
Note: Those countries that offered a legal right to childcare for all under 3-year-old children were given value 3, countries where this right was limited to same age or user groups or to certain regions were given value 2, countries that offered no right for the service were given value 1. (Source: OECD, 2014)
What does this mean?
It is evident from these indices that there are considerable differences between the countries, with the UK's defamilisation measures particularly limited. Given the links between employment and pensions it is not surprising that the UK (43%) has a wider than average gender pensions gap. Considerable disparities also exist between working age men and women's pension contributions in the UK. The gender pension gap (aged 65+) in the Netherlands (40%) and France's (39%) is around the EU average, whereas the social democratic countries in the study are all considerably below average.
It is therefore clear that those countries with less generous defamilisation measures are also those countries with the largest gender gaps in pensioner poverty. Moves towards individual responsibility and private pensions may be especially problematic for women in the UK given the limitations of many of the defamilisation measures. There is a real danger that pension penalties arising from earlier caring roles and insufficient defamilisation measures will lead to increasing gender inequality in older age.
What can be done? Develop strategies to enhance women's freedom to choose
There is a need for policymakers to recognize the different trajectories often faced by women and not penalise women who diverge from typical male employment patterns. This means developing strategies to enhance women's freedom to choose between work and care, in part through defamilisation measures, and different ways of accumulating pensions.
Pension systems could be redeveloped to de-couple income in retirement from paid employment, and thus avoid the penalty for caring years incurred in private pensions. One option would be to introduce an unconditional Citizens Pension, funded through progressive taxation, and set at an adequate level.
In effect, the UK needs to move beyond policy that solely reinforces the liberal celebration of better paid employment in the labour market and explore ways to reward all forms of work, including unpaid labour. Without such developments, the UK will continue to lag behind many other EU countries in relation to gender inequalities and pension accumulation.
______
Note: this post draws from the authors' published article in the Journal of Poverty and Social Justice.
About the Authors
Liam Foster is Senior Lecturer in Social Policy and Social Work at the Department of Sociological Studies, University of Sheffield.
Ruby Chau is Marie Curie Research Fellow at the Department of Sociological Studies, University of Sheffield.
Sam Yu is Associate Professor and Social Policy Programme Director at the Department of Social Work, Hong Kong Baptist University.
All articles posted on this blog give the views of the author(s), and not the position of LSE British Politics and Policy, nor of the London School of Economics and Political Science. Featured image credit: Pixabay/Public Domain.
Indiana Jones is back in theaters this week as ' Raiders of the Lost Ark ' returns for a limited IMAX engagement. Then next week, 'The Complete Indiana Jones Adventures' brings Indiana Jones and his movies (including 'Raiders of the Lost Ark,' 'Temple of Doom' and 'The Last Crusade) to Blu-ray.
To help celebrate, we're looking back on perhaps Indiana Jones' finest adventure - 'Raiders of the Lost Ark' - in a way that you maybe haven't seen before. In this gallery of rare, behind-the-scenes photos, you can get a glimpse of Harrison Ford preparing himself for a scene, Steven Spielberg setting up a shot and even a look at things that didn't make it into the movie.
Below is a gallery of rare behind-the-scenes photos from 'Raiders of the Lost Ark.' Thanks to Paramount Pictures, Eric Vespe of Ain't It Cool and TheRaider.net for their help compiling this gallery.
Porsches Are Always Most Beautiful At The End Of A Fierce Workout
Photography by Federico Bajetti
Dirt isn't pretty, but it won't slow you down. Not even when it's on precious metal, like this Porsche 930 Turbo for example. Here, it may even look pretty good.
Federico and I take any opportunity to drive something new, no matter how polished or pitted it may be. Dirt be damned, driving a 930 has long been part of our journey toward experiencing as many turbocharged Porsches as we can. Why? We're obsessed.
Personally speaking, the 930 Turbo brings me back to my childhood, when I was travelling with family to Locarno in Switzerland to spend the weekend. Once there, it was a Turbo-fest, as everyone seemed to be driving them. I loved to spot cool cars as a kid as much as I do now, and seeing a 930 on the road still makes my day.
This particular 930 is a “driven” car. It means that its owner keeps it in a garage in Brescia and uses it exclusively when he wants to drive it on B roads, when only driving is on his agenda. And the 930 is, after all, an incredibly quick car. I applaud a driver who still exercises a fast, expensive car like it's meant to be.
Like another modified 930 recently profiled, it's been unleashed: this car has been tuned to 380 horsepower, fitted with a larger front spoiler to accommodate a larger oil cooler, and a sound that delights any enthusiast lucky enough to be within 10 miles of its favorite exercise route.
We thank Dario of GT Car Racing of Brescia for letting us experience the mighty 930 Turbos. See more of Dario's activity on www.gtcarracing.com.
Join the Conversation
IIT Kharagpur research group has designed the country's first superpower drone. The creators say that this automated drone is just under a meter in length and its uniqueness lies in the unmanned aerial device's protection shield. The design is completely in-house. Researchers have named after the second Pandava, Bhima.
BHIM has been built by using the internet of things, that contains physical devices, vehicles, buildings and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators and network connectivity. It can create a Wi-Fi zone within a nearly 1 km radius when it flies overhead.
Keeping in mind the conflict zones, the drone has a battery backup of seven hours and can fly into a disaster or war zone, thus making a consistent communication network for security forces, rescue personnel and even the common man.
The automated drone has been designed particularly for emergency situations with a vision-based guidance and built-in intelligence that will help in identifying if an area is crowded or not. It will then fly away and land in a safer place. The real power of the drone is its ability to maintain long flight times and drop emergency supplies by using parachutes.
Researchers at IIT Kharagpur took care to keep the automation lightweight, but with strong body movements, made of off-the-shelf indigenous components. This guarantees that it costs just one-fourth the price of any average drone used for surveillance in India now.
Image Credit:
Lindsey Graham
Style: B+
Went through all the vocal and emotional registers available to Southern men (a lot) to prove how much he cares about 1) beating Trump and 2) invading ISIS territory. Don't believe he's for real? To prove his seriousness, he's going to come by each and every voter's house and hold up a boombox to serenade them—probably with recordings of artillery fire.
Substance: D
Personally apologized to “our Muslim friends” for Trump. Personally thanked the Muslims serving in the U.S. military. Introduced the “Princess Buttercup Doctrine.” Inveighed against the religious tests for immigrants! On the other hand: Wishes Dubya was still president.
Overall: A lollipop stuck to the seat of a seersucker suit.
George Pataki
Style: D
As the least interesting of the three blue-state governors left, he is an especially tall walking redundancy. Kind of like “the Freedom Tower, a symbol of our freedom.”
Substance: D
Against banning Muslims, for spying on Muslims. Introduced the parallel between Trumpism and the 19th century Know-Nothings, but didn't explain why that was bad.
Overall: A fly trapped between window panes (with a view of the Freedom Tower).
Rick Santorum
Style: D
Spoke in stilted, staccato phrases, spat out of a lipless slash. He is not enjoying this one bit. Not one bit.
Substance: D-
Grimaced and shook his head during a brief, weird tangent into the fitness of women to serve in combat: Ew, girls! Is all for religious liberty as long as it doesn't mean tolerating other people's religions.
Overall: Under-ripe banana.
Mike Huckabee
Style: C-
Running to be the president of Cracker Barrel, perhaps will settle for Secretary of Folksy or Ambassador to Aphorism.
Substance: F+
Mostly execrable policy positions leavened with admirable if random rant against millennials and their desire for health care and, you know, freedom. Ingrates.
Overall: Grandpa farts.
Jeb Bush
Style: B-
Brought his one-liners and a spare spine! Formerly a paint swatch for “colorless,” showed some genuine relish in needling Trump.
Substance: C-
He bravely questioned the wisdom of assassinating the civilian family members of terrorists. We are at that point in the process when, compared to the wackadoodles, Bush's bloodless, establishment conservatism seems rational rather than simply tired.
Overall: That nagging sense you've forgotten to turn off the stove.
Carly Fiorina
Style: C
Can list Apple products and date of introduction with great precision if to little point; wore an enormous cross necklace because vampires, probably. Occasionally tried to shout things about unity when things got messy and thus showed at least a passing familiarity with diplomacy, the supposed topic of the debate.
Substance: D
She remembers the 9/11 attacks! She remembers it hard.
Overall: Biting down on aluminum foil.
Marco Rubio
Style: B-
It's bittersweet to watch a child star grow up in the public eye; the Haley Joel Osment of the GOP is finally out of the awkward tween years and seems both less stiff and more assured when he spouts his chickenhawk surveillance-state nonsense.
Substance: C-
Showed some impressive slipperiness in engaging Cruz on “amnesty” for undocumented aliens, something neither of them support right now, but a point that matters a lot for the party's large xenophobe faction. Hopes to terrify people into supporting bulk data collection.
Overall: Realizing that the music you grew up with now qualifies as “oldies.”
Ted Cruz
Style: D+
Smiles like the villain in a SyFy movie, which is to say, like a human-lizard hybrid. Oozes an oily substance that can be mistaken for sincerity in bad lighting.
Substance: D
Got exactly what he needed out of the night: Trump's approval, despite having a relatively small sliver of actual policy overlap when it comes to non-wall-building issues. Wants to carpet-bomb “wherever ISIS is,” but selectively, so that it doesn't sound as bad.
Overall: A triangle whose angles add up to more than 180 degrees, a mirror that reflects no light.
Ben Carson
Style: D
Asked to begin with a moment of silence, which turned out to be a preview for his performance.
Substance: F
Repeatedly called for “boots on the ground,” a euphemism that can make it easy to forget that the boots are worn by living humans—but, fortunately, was grilled about his specific willingness to murder innocent children in the course of making war. He is very willing!
Overall: Worthless nutritional “supplements.”
Donald Trump
Style: A+
Why the fuck not? He was 100 percent Trump, 100 percent of the time. Sarah Palin word salad in a baggy suit and spray-on tan, he plans to govern via reaction GIF.
Substance: F-
He talks about foreign policy like the guy who gives directions to the taxi driver, loudly and slowly in case the driver doesn't speak English. Doesn't tip. Wants to kill innocent people and shut down the Internet, not necessarily in that order. Has been accused of not knowing what “the nuclear triad” is, but, on the other hand: “The power and the devastation are very important to me.”
Overall: Dogshit ground into your living room carpet.
John Kasich
Style: D
Shouty, with enormous flipper hands. Would be a better Left Shark if wore the costume.
Substance: D
Something Ohio something something.
Overall: [this space intentionally left blank]
Chris Christie
Style: C-
He's just a straight-talking guy here to straight-talk to you about some straight talk! Enough with this yakkity yakking, what do you think this is, a debate?
Substance: D
Why debate civil rights issues when you can just arrest some people, listen to some phone calls, close down ISIS's bridges? Dismissed conversation about the limits of data collection as “how many angels can dance on the head of a pin,” forgetting that the pin in question goes straight through the Constitution, the angels are civil liberties, and, most importantly, he has no real foreign policy experience.
Overall: Stale marshmallows.
Rand Paul
Style: C-
In the nasal tone of the guy comparing the world-building in Battlestar Galactica to that of Game of Thrones, Rand Paul is going to make sure you know he knows more than you. Or at least that he thinks he knows more than you. Almost everything is a “fundamental question of our time,” including what he had for lunch.
Substance: C-
Got in a Bridgegate joke; can't believe he's losing to these statist blowhards.
Overall: Hair crisp with gel.
RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY PRICES have increased by 7.3% in the last year, according to the latest figures.
The Central Statistics Office said today that house prices and apartment prices in September were both up 7.8% in Ireland compared to the previous year.
In Dublin, residential property prices increased by 5.4% in the year to September.
House price inflation in Dublin has more than doubled over the last year.
Commenting on the figures Dr John McCartney, director of research at Savills, said that investors were behind the “dramatic” rise in prices
The notion that mortgage restrictions could contain house price growth in the longterm never made sense. Initially the Central Bank rules prevented some people from buying and caused a temporary slowdown in the market. But the frustrated buyers were simply pushed into renting, which has driven up rents. What we are now seeing is a resumption of price growth as investors are being attracted into the market by ever higher rents.
Dublin rents are rising more than 12% per year and there has been a big shift from owner occupatied to renting.
McCartney said he expects this trend to continue.
According to the CSO residential property prices in the rest of Ireland were 11% higher in the year to September.
Though prices continue to rise all across the country, the national index is still 33.1% lower than at its highest level during the boom in 2007.
I have been struck how often in my life and career that the correct answer to a quandary is NOT what conventional wisdom would universally suggest, but actually the opposite of what every obvious impulse would advise. For instance, I never knew (until it was way too late to help me) that about the very worst way to persuade a woman to really like you, contrary to my natural instinct, is make it clear that you like her first.
It is with this reality in mind that I have been approaching this existential crisis within conservatism caused by Donald Trump, about which I have been warning/predicting for over a year now.
Currently, it appears the nightmare scenario for the Republican Party is almost inevitable. Saddled with a losing presidential candidate who is not one of their own and has no loyalties, or philosophical connection, to its preservation, the GOP is set up to lose a very winnable presidential election and the key Supreme Court seat which go with it in this cycle. But now, thanks largely to Trump's recent implosion and decision to appeal only to his base (and thus build subscribers/”street cred” for a post-election media venture), the GOP could also lose control of Congress, as independent voters flee the party and Trump's most fanatical fans threaten to sabotage them as revenge for their disloyalty to their fearless leader.
After the infamous Billy Bush “pussy” tape was leaked last Friday, I wrote that the only way to save any of this increasingly dire situation was for the GOP to effectively get Trump personally invested financially in the outcome of the congressional races. Based on the contentious reactions of both the GOP establishment and Trump, it does not appear that any such deal has been reached (though the firing of Trump's Virginia campaign chairman over a planned GOP protest does leave a tiny sliver of hope).
It is my very strong belief that the two worst possible presidential scenarios for the long-term survival of both conservatism and the Republican Party as we have known it, are: Hillary Clinton winning by a smallish margin and Trump winning in something other than a landslide. Frankly, in the long term (four to eight years), while I know this is GOP heresy, I am not at all certain which of those outcomes would be more catastrophic for the country, or the cause of conservatism.
Since Trump winning at all is now seemingly approaching “The Cleveland Browns Win the Super Bowl” odds, let's take that result (and the obvious long-term ruin it would create for the country and the party to have a completely unqualified con-man, with the temperament of a child, as our president) off the table. This leaves what, up until very recently, has been the outcome most often predicted by the “experts”: a small but comfortable victory for Hillary.
In this scenario, the following events are basically certain to follow:
Trump and his millions of mindless supporters aggressively claim that the election was “rigged” and don't even accept the result, consequently “Trumpism” is not widely perceived to have failed electorally, and the GOP base further blames/distrusts the “establishment” for having supposedly (though not really) cost Trump the election.
Trump remains very politically viable (the media will continue to obsess over his every move) and an even more destructive force for 2020, making it nearly impossible for Hillary to be defeated, even if Trump himself passes on running again.
The “conservative” media establishment which facilitated Trump's nomination for their own personal gain suffers no consequences (they have Hillary to knock around and “Never Trumpers” to blame) and will be free to create the same lucrative mischief again in 2020.
The GOP lacks any viable identity whatsoever and ceases to be united by anything other than not being Democrats, but now is forced to completely surrender character issues for which we used to resoundingly attack liberals.
Depending on how bad the down-ballot losses are, the ability of the GOP in Congress to “check” Hillary is limited and possibly non-existent.
Antonin Scalia is replaced on the Supreme Court by a liberal (though, importantly, I believe Trump's knee-jerk willingness to now throw down-ballot Republicans under the bus is a sure giveaway that it was always a scam that he would nominate real conservatives if ever given the opportunity).
is replaced on the Supreme Court by a liberal (though, importantly, I believe Trump's knee-jerk willingness to now throw down-ballot Republicans under the bus is a sure giveaway that it was always a scam that he would nominate real conservatives if ever given the opportunity). Hillary governs as a liberal (though less ideologically than Obama) who is trying to get reelected, but who is very confident, thanks to the GOP disarray, that this will happen no matter how far left she decides to drift.
All of that is just about as bad as it can get for conservatism. However, a rational look at a scenario where Trump is crushed electorally (worse than John McCain's 2008 loss to Barack Obama should be a sensible standard) illustrates that future may not be nearly so bleak for Republicans.
Under this result, here are the likely outcomes:
Donald Trump is seen as rejected as a major political force, goes on an embarrassing temper tantrum as his new brand is that of “loser,” and he focuses of the creation of “Trump TV” where he isolates himself to a relatively small audience from which he will try to con $10 a month in subscriptions. The media still covers him, but not nearly as much. His perceived power slowly fades away much like Sarah Palin 's did.
's did. There is a real chance that at least some of the “conservative” media charlatans who caused this fiasco see their careers and influence wither and die as their former core audience no longer trusts them and the “Trumpsters” lose interest and move on to NASCAR and episodes of Duck Dynasty.
Scalia is replaced by a liberal (though a moderate one if the Senate quickly confirms Merrick Garland in a lame duck session).
in a lame duck session). The GOP likely loses the Senate and maybe the House (though it should be pointed out that if it is widely accepted Hillary is going to win this may greatly help the GOP down-ballot by diminishing her turnout and increasing public desire to place a “check” on her), but, with Trump no longer dictating everything about how they are seen, they are able to take advantage of an extremely conducive 2018 midterm map, and there is a repeat of the 2010 Republican landslide.
In 2020, with Trump mostly diminished, and the party presumably having learned a few lessons from the 2016 debacle, the GOP nominates Marco Rubio (if he wins reelection in November), Scott Walker , or some other qualified adult who is an actual Republican. Against a very old and very unpopular Hillary Clinton running for her party's fourth straight term during an era of economic stagnation (at best), the Republicans take the White House and Trumpism is forever exorcized like the malignant cancer that it is.
(if he wins reelection in November), , or some other qualified adult who is an actual Republican. Against a very old and very unpopular Hillary Clinton running for her party's fourth straight term during an era of economic stagnation (at best), the Republicans take the White House and Trumpism is forever exorcized like the malignant cancer that it is. Hillary governs as a liberal who is trying to get reelected, but who needs to be careful because, thanks to Trump's diminishment and Rubio's (the candidate she feared most) reelection, she is not so confident that it will happen.
Normally there would be anxiety that a larger electoral victory would provide a new president with greater powers to enact their legislative agenda, but I honestly believe that this year is unique. The narratives that Hillary is very un-liked and that Trump is a “giant meteor strikes the earth” sort of candidate are extremely well engrained in both the media and public consciousness.
Consequently, I don't think it is naïve to conclude, as long as there is not a complete collapse of GOP support in Congress, that Hillary would be perceived as merely a “placeholder” president and not be particularly powerful. After all, when your entire campaign is, “I stink less than Donald Trump,” it really doesn't create much of a political “mandate.”
Based on this analysis, a rational person can easily conclude that it is far better for the long-term viability of the Republican Party if Hillary wins by a large margin than if she only gives Trump a “Romney” style defeat. So, what should conservatives do under the current circumstances? Well, that's where things get interesting.
In order for this theory to be placed into action, a block of conservatives must first accept that Hillary IS, barring a catastrophic event far beyond anyone's control, indeed going to be the next president. This was an outcome which was highly preventable at one time, but there is NOTHING we can do to stop that now. Only an act of God can prevent this from happening and, based on the campaign so far there is no evidence he/she is even paying attention.
Once that premise is accepted, then the best path for how to proceed becomes far clearer, though hardly easy. I believe it includes at least some Republicans doing the unthinkable and voting, strategically and silently, for Hillary Clinton.
Considering the malevolent case of Clinton Derangement Syndrome which has understandably overtaken the GOP (and of which Trump, bizarrely, despite his close relationship with both of them, has taken full advantage), this is roughly like asking fans of Alabama to root for hated rival Auburn in their annual Iron Bowl football game. This was proven by the absurd, inaccurate, and juvenile reaction that Breitbart.com had when their rival Glenn Beck dared to simply suggest that he considered (and rejected) just the IDEA of voting for Hillary.
However, I have come to the conclusion that, regardless as how distasteful it may be, the only way to give conservatism any hope of surviving this catastrophe is for at least a small segment of Republicans to swallow the nasty medicine of “supporting” for Hillary Clinton for president.
To be clear, I am not suggesting that all Republicans consider taking this seemingly inconceivable action. Specifically, I'm really only asking two very specific groups to contemplate the merits of this idea.
The first is Republicans who answer polling phone calls between now and November 8th. By telling pollsters that you are a Republican who supports Hillary, you are not actually voting for her or in any way directly helping her win, but you are fortifying the correct perception that Trump cannot win and that the focus of all Americans should be on making sure there is a congressional check on an imminent Hillary presidency.
The second group is Republicans who live in the following states: Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, Missouri and Utah. This is a group of states where Trump could win all of them and he still would not win the presidency. Therefore, because there is no realistic path to 270 Electoral College votes for him even with all of these states, there is no fear that helping to create a loss for Trump in anyone one of them would directly help elect Hillary.
These are also all states where it would only take a very small number of Republicans flipping to Hillary (or, in Utah, one of the other viable options like conservative Evan McMullin) to ensure that Trump lost them. If Trump loses all of these already very precarious states, then his defeat is assured of being far too great for any silly claims of “rigging” or lack of establishment support being seen as its cause, except by the most delusional/insane members of his rabid following who are impervious to facts and logic.
I am well aware that I do not have anywhere near the influence to get an idea like this even started, and that I will get called all sorts of nasty names for even suggesting it. However, I am confident that it is the only strategy (at least that I have heard) which stands a chance of promoting the long-term survival of the GOP and the conservative cause. Unlike Trump, both of these once-revered entities have earned the right to not be fully abandoned until all realistic hope is lost. Desperate times call for desperate measures and there is no doubt that, thanks to Trump, this is exactly where conservatives are today.
— —
John Ziegler is a nationally-syndicated radio talk show host and documentary filmmaker. You can follow him on Twitter at @ZigManFreud or email him at johnz@mediaite.com.
— —
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
Linksys Says it Won't Block Third Party Open Source Firmware Linksys says the company won't be banning third-party firmware on its products despite new FCC rules that have provided lazy hardware vendors an excuse to do so. Last year we noted the FCC was revamping its rules governing RF devices for safety reasons. The FCC acted to begin a new rule-making process after the FAA complained that some illegally modified router radios operating in the unlicensed bands were interfering with terminal doppler weather radar (TDWR) at airports. Put simply, the FCC wanted new rules that would prevent modifying devices so they'd operate outside of safe RF parameters, while still allowing hobbyists and enthusiasts to tinker.
The problem is that many routers have systems-on-a-chip (SOC) where the radio isn't fully distinguishable from other hardware. As such, many engineers worried that the rules could prompt vendors to simply lock down hardware completely to take the path of the least resistance. That means that while the FCC's intentions might have been good, its updated rules would lead to vendors blocking all implementation of third-party firmware like DD-WRT, OpenWRT, or Tomato. And, at least with some vendors, that's exactly what happened. TP-Link went right ahead and used the FCC's rule change to justify giving up on supporting third-party firmware on its routers manufactured after June of this year. "As a result of these necessary changes, users are not able to flash the current generation of open-source, third-party firmware," claimed TP-Link -- despite again the FCC's actual guidance technically not preventing anything of the sort. But Belkin's Linksys division is taking a notably different tack, telling Ars Technica that it will continue to support third-party open source custom firmware -- at least on the company's WRT line of routers, which have been a hobbyist favorite for more than a decade. Belkin/Linksys pretty clearly realizes that annoying this small but vocal customer segment wouldn't be a particularly bright marketing move, so the company spends some time praising the tinkering community. “The real benefit of open source is not breaking the rules and doing something with malicious intent, the value of open source is being able to customize your router, to be able to do privacy browsing through Tor, being able to build an OpenVPN client, being able to strip down the firmware to do super lean, low-latency gaming,” Linksys router product manager Vince La Duca tells Ars. “It's not about ‘I'm going to go get OpenWrt to go and piss off the FCC.' It's about what you can do in expanding the capabilities of what we ship with.” Again though, a number of Linksys routers, such as the Max-Stream line, will remain closed. Linksys didn't appear to find much of a challenge in working around the FCC's guidance, something companies like TP-Link have tried to imply was impossible. "The hardware design of the WRT platform allows us to isolate the RF parameter data and secure it outside of the host firmware separately," the company says of the routers that will support third-party firmware. That's good news for Linksys and Linksys fans, but it's not clear if other hardware vendors will embrace their tinkering communities, or follow TP-Link in taking the lazy route moving forward. Your mileage may vary; there's some indication that Asus intends to That's good news for Linksys and Linksys fans, but it's not clear if other hardware vendors will embrace their tinkering communities, or follow TP-Link in taking the lazy route moving forward. Your mileage may vary; there's some indication that Asus intends to remain dedicated to third-party tinkering , and with Linksys lending its support it appears we won't see the total custom firmware apocalypse some predicted. That said, you may want to drop your favorite vendor a line and remind them that the router hobbyist community may be small, but angering them could carry much larger public relation repercussions.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 21 comments
buzz_4_20
join:2003-09-20
Biddeford, ME 414.2 22.8
·Charter
(Software) Sophos UTM Home Edition
Ruckus R310
8 recommendations buzz_4_20 Member Why don't they just Instead of letting the software dictate the channels used. Have a couple solderpoints on the boards depending on what market they go to.
Problem Solved, FCC is happy and users are happy.
Production cost increases by a penny a unit. So... no big whoop. TRUEgribnick
Premium Member
join:2003-09-29
Canton, OH 6 recommendations TRUEgribnick Premium Member I just have to throw the BS flag on this one Hi, I would give anything to see the SITREP on the interference event. For a 34mW router to interfere with a Spread Spectrum Radar that is at least 80ft off the ground just doesn't seem possible.
Unless the person is using an external power booster in the "many watts" range the bandpass filters of the receiving unit would filter them out.
This just sounds too fishy to me.
BTW, I'm a crotchety old retired radar tech for what it's worth.
Chris 313
Because It's Geekier
Premium Member
join:2004-07-18
Houma, LA 106.5 40.6
·Comcast XFINITY
6 recommendations Chris 313 Premium Member Asus is changing, but still open to 3rd party FW
DD-WRT, Merlin, Tomato are ones I've seen mentioned working with the Asus approach. Asus is changing their firmware, but is still working to make sure you can use 3rd party fw: » www.snbforums.com/thread ··· d.32357/ DD-WRT, Merlin, Tomato are ones I've seen mentioned working with the Asus approach.
cralt
join:2011-01-07
CT ·Frontier Communi..
6 recommendations cralt Member Hardware. They could put notch filters that take out the band the FCC is worried about. Then no amount of software hacking could cause a problem then.
Or the FCC could just do its job and go after illegal stations. They have many times more funding now compared to the 1980s but they don't even do a fraction of the enforcement they used to do.
Why does the FCC even exist now?
Apparently it's just to serve the cellphone industry.
UPDATE: Nauru says it has changed procedures for Australians applying for visitor visas after an unnamed ABC journalist ‘dishonestly' entered the country as a tourist and failed to declare they were media.
On Friday morning, airline staff told callers the announcement was made by Nauru's justice minister David Adeang on Thursday.
The move comes as Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull meets his New Zealand counterpart John Key in Sydney today.
Nauru Airlines check-in staff at Brisbane airport last night informed Australian passport holders for this morning's 1am flight ON002 that their visas were no longer valid.
SBS has contacted representatives of the Nauruan government for comment but they have not responded, however the offical Twitter account of the Republic of Nauru just posted a tweet stating that visas have not been revoked.
Visas to Nauru have not revoked. Procedures have been changed. Gov will issue statement soon. — Republic of Nauru (@Republic_Nauru) February 19, 2016
Nauru hosts one of Australia's two off-shore asylum-seeker detention centres.
In January 2013, the Nauruan government increased journalist visa application fees from $200 to $8000, even if the visa was rejected.
The visa announcement comes as a stand-off over between doctors and the immigration department continues over discharging asylum seeker baby “Asha” from a Brisbane hospital.
Immigration minister Peter Dutton yesterday said the infant would be returned off-shore once she had recovered from wounds from a boiling water accident on Nauru.
Doctors are refusing to release the one-year-old until a "suitable home environment is identified".
Hundreds of people have held vigils and rallies since last Friday in support of letting the child stay in Australia.
Nauru Airlines is advising callers the ticket refunds are available for those affected.
Embattled Queensland LNP leader Tim Nicholls has the backing of one of his party's most senior federal members as he battles to keep his job on the back of a disappointing election result.
Attorney-General George Brandis, who was last year caught on an open mic labelling his state colleagues “very, very mediocre”, dismissed calls for Mr Nicholls' resignation.
Tim Nicholls and George Brandis campaigning in Ascot on election day. Credit:AAP Image/Tracey Nearmy.
Speaking on ABC Radio Brisbane on Wednesday, Senator Brandis said senior members of the LNP needed to “look at these state election results and do some very careful thinking about the future”.
It was an echo of his previous comments, two days on from election day, that “everyone who was involved in this campaign needs to have a very honest look at themselves, rather than trying to put all the blame on one person."
Some employers are unilaterally relaxing standards. But technology takes the most credit, as improved products hit the market. Factories and stores often have machines that help workers match paint colors, for example. Software tools are now available to help Web designers create user-friendly pages. And special lenses that do not cure but are intended to aid color vision are being produced and marketed more widely.
That has made a difference for one of Dr. Cohen's patients, a photo-copier technician for the Xerox Corporation. The technician learned of his condition at 40, after more than 20 years of repairing black-and-white machines, when he failed a vision test required for a training program to repair color machines.
''I'm like, 'You must be kidding.' I was totally in shock,'' said the technician, who like many colorblind employees interviewed for this article requested anonymity.
Dr. Cohen fitted him with glasses and he passed the test the second time around. He has not informed his boss about the lenses, but he makes no apology for that omission. ''I can fix anything,'' he said.
Dr. Cohen believes him. In his view, screening tests often eliminate people with mild cases of color deficiency who could do the job just fine. And even for those with more moderate cases, cues in the environment can be valuable aids. Dentists can consult color-coded charts to identify matches in caps, for example.
Roger Downey, 51, co-owner of an Alexandria, Va., video postproduction business, has found his own solution. When he needs to evaluate a television program for broadcast quality, he uses the Vectorscope, a commonly used measurement device that determines the value of color. And when it comes to red and green, the colors he has most trouble with, he relies on his co-workers to double-check his work.
In another positive development, scientists at the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee have invented and patented a simple genetic test for inherited red-green color blindness, the most common form of the predominantly inherited condition.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
ColorMax Technologies Inc., a Tustin, Calif., company that is licensed to market the laboratory test, says the method requires only a swipe on the inside of the cheek, making screening easier and more uniform. Although still in development, if widely used, the test could result in earlier detection in childhood, a key to helping people cope with the disorder.
Odeda Rosenthal, co-author of ''Coping With Color-Blindness'' (Avery Publishing Group, 1997), thinks employers and manufacturers can make lives easier for people with the condition by taking some simple steps. Colored lights, used extensively in hospitals, construction, computers and transportation, could be replaced with blinking signals and signals based on design, which are easier to detect, she says. And certain colors, like red and black together, could be avoided in signs and labels.
Some fields that were once closed to the colorblind are, meanwhile, opening up. Until 1996, the Federal Aviation Administration required normal color vision, for example, but the standard has since been modified. For Farbre Greenberg, 19, a participant in the professional pilots program at the State University of New York in Farmingdale, it was a welcome change. ''My whole life I've wanted to do this, since I was old enough to talk,'' he said.
In some cases, people who feel they have been wrongly excluded from jobs are fighting back. Glen Holmes, 42, of Los Angeles, who has worked as a conductor for the Union Pacific railroad for the last three years, initially failed the railroad's color-vision test but then passed the field test. But when he applied for a job as a city firefighter, he was turned down because of his color deficiency.
He appealed and won, becoming eligible for the next stage in the hiring process. ''People will die if the train goes off the track,'' Mr. Holmes recalled telling the city's civil service commissioners.
For all the progress of late, many people still hide their condition from clients or employers, even if it is not formally banned. One of Dr. Cohen's patients, a freelance commercial illustrator and portrait painter in his early 70's, has kept mum about his severe colorblindness for decades. He says he avoids colors he has problems with and has family members check his work. ''It's been a rough ride,'' he said.
Another client, a casino dealer, says he was sorting chips one day when his boss noticed he was taking longer than his colleagues. When the supervisor found out why, he told him, ''You shouldn't even be here.'' The dealer was not dismissed, but the casino instituted a color-vision requirement shortly afterward, effectively blocking him from advancement.
That sort of treatment drives some colorblind people to subterfuge in their job hunts.
''Sometimes we can have phantom people coming in and pretending to be another applicant,'' said Gregory W. Good, professor of clinical optometry at the Ohio State University College of Optometry. ''Some people want to be police officers or pilots really really bad, and they'll do about anything.''
What data trends are you seeing in customer data, information & insight?
Guest blogger, Simon Norie from Custerian, returns to Customer Insight Leader to share his thoughts on such data trends:
Moving from Management Information to Customer Behaviour
We used to simply report what had happened against a target/benchmark. There is still a role for this type of passive, historical measurement as they play a part in ensuring you remain efficient as an organisation – although we find many measures too much and for the wrong reasons. This can be summed up as “because we always have” & “to enable us to lob bricks into another function/silo”.
We are however on a relentless march in data trends, towards being able to predict Customer behaviour:
Store Once – You need to be able to use your insight operationally
This is all about having one version of the truth so that you can act on the insight as quickly as possible. There are a number of technologies that are allowing this such as HTAP (Hybrid Transaction/Analytical Processing) which basically means you can do online transactional & analytical processing at the same time. What this means is if your insight picks up a problem – delayed orders – you can act on it very quickly.
Limitless Capacity – You no longer have to trade off speed for capacity
If anyone tells you, you can't hold more data, then just point them to things like OneDrive, or GoogleDrive, never mind all the iCloud type personal storage systems. This is happening in the world of business too with massive leaps in storage capability, driven by the need to feed & fuel the web. Add the exponential increase in processing speed and you really can do large-scale & complex analysis at the same time. This means less modelled scenarios using aggregated data. More real-time outcomes using actual data at an individual level.
Distributed Intelligence – Serving your insight to those who can take action
Here I like to use Google Maps as an example, which by the way is part of another subconscious trend – The increasing use of technology that fits seamlessly into our lives. They mapped the world which enables us to get around. But then they use information from our smartphones to do things like warn us we are going to be late for meetings, or highlight how busy shopping centres are. All sent back to our smartphones so we can decide what we are going to do about it. Think about this the next time your request to add a field to a CRM screen gets refused.
Reactive To Proactive – React across your supply chain to improve Customer Outcomes
Amazon is world-class at this – they also do a lot of the other things on this list. They double up orders if they notice a parcel is going to be late, and pull the original at the courier hub. This requires a mindset change for most business leaders who still view Customer Service as the cause of their problems, not the end result of something that started far earlier along the supply chain.
Proactive To Predictive – Anticipate the needs of your customers & act on them
I increasingly come across companies & people who are trying to replicate that ‘Local Shop' approach. Understanding your needs and then offering you something that meets them. Cambridge Psychometrics Centre does some really smart work on behaviour prediction based on Social/Web activity and companies like Stitch Fix are intent on developing a remote, but personal service offer.
And of course Amazon are in this space. They will start to distribute an item you are looking at based on how likely they predict you are to order it. This done right reduces customer effort and improves engagement. Done wrong of course, it feels creepy.
AI & Interactivity – Allowing Customers to interact directly with your business
This is the ultimate cutting out of the middle man. For those that don't think the day will come, we've already seen an explosive growth in self-serve technologies. Who now prefers to get a delivery from DPD because you can alter it down to the last 20 minutes for example. But artificially intelligence pushes this to a new level. Combining all of the trends to allow things like the Henn na Hotel to open, in Japan of course. The world first fully robotic hotel.
Think Global – Act Local – Be Personal
Perhaps my last example has it right. The Henn na Hotel talk about a Commitment for evolution and that is what we are seeing. Yet within this evolution there is still the sense for me that what we are trying to do is at the same time get back to a simpler place.
One where a sense of closeness and community meant that our needs were much more intuitively understood and met by those we dealt with, so we felt we belonged more.
So are we seeing the start of this need being met on a global level, via the data, technical and insight capabilities the world of the web is driving.
As sort of Globally personalised service, delivered to me, where ever I am?
What do you see as data trends? Do you agree with Simon's perspective or identify your own themes? Do share with us & we'll publish in later updates.
Share this: Email
Print
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pocket
More
Facebook
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
Photo taken during a routine military expedition in Chukchi Peninsula, Soviet Union. It isn't sure if the Chukchi Peninsula has more people or white bears. The climate is very severe and sometimes weather can be so fierce in winter that the temperature falls 40 C degrees below zero (-40 Fahrenheit) so that poor white bears and their cubs start starving and freezing.
The soldiers, who served on the Army District of Chukchi Peninsula, didn't turn their backs on the poor and starving animals and started to feed them every now and then. Of course you do not have such big amounts of meat at home to feed several white bears. And soldiers decided to feed the bears up with what they had in abundance – tins, or to be more exact, condensed milk.
Soldiers would open such a tin with a tin-opener and then give the can to the bear who licked all the milk from tin and then feed her little bears with it. Those blue and white tins of condensed milk were the winter dessert staple of every Soviet kid. The condensed milk (called in Russian: sgushchennoye moloko) had indeterminately long shelf life and there was always plenty of it. It was a common dessert in the army too. It isn't surprised to see it given away to bears, because unlike some stuff that was rationed the condensed milk in USSR was available in unlimited amounts.
The tracked vehicle you see on the photo is a GT-SM GAZ-34036, fully amphibious. This vehicle was widely employed by the Soviet Military. It was an over-snow vehicle designed for a variety of roles, but primarily as a general cargo/troop carrier and light artillery/heavy mortar tractor. The GT-S is also capable of traversing shallow swamp areas. The layout is conventional, with an engine compartment at the front, a cab behind that, and the cargo/troop section behind the cab. Towing capacity of the GT-S is 2 tons.
You know when a baby is so cute that you feel like you could just gobble them up? Corinne Leroux, a creative designer in Vancouver, has just the product for you – an adorable fleece tortilla blanket that will make your infant look like a tasty, adorable burrito (baby-rito?).
This adorable blanket, along with a ton of other awesome creative stuff, is available on Leroux's Etsy shop, Awesome Sauce Designs. Check her shop out and read on for her answers to Bored Panda's questions about her work.
More info: Etsy | awesomesauceart.com | Facebook | Twitter (h/t: laughingsquid)
“One of my friends who are a food blogger was having a baby and she was mentioning about how she wanted to dress him up in funny outfits when he was born,” Corinne Leroux told Bored Panda.
“I'm pretty crafty so I was trying to think of something ridiculous and food related that I could make as a gift and the burrito blanket came to me”
“I've had nothing but positive responses from the blanket. Everyone has loved it so far. One of the reasons I started to sell it was because I had a bunch of friends request that I make them one after seeing photos of my friend's baby in the blanket”
“I currently have two new food blankets I'm planning to make. I'm working on a sushi cone blanket and that should be in my shop in a couple of weeks. I'll be making some ice-cream cone blankets complete with soft serve hats and sprinkles as well”
“I'm a bit of an oddball and I really enjoy creating things that make people laugh so my stuff is generally pretty weird and quirky”
This blanket is available on Leroux's Etsy shop, Awesome Sauce Designs. We'd like to thank her for talking to us about her work, as well!
For those of us who have outgrown normal human dimensions, life can be a comedic challenge. Pants become shorts. Doorways become an ever-present game of limbo. And bicycles never quite fit. Their wheels are too small for their frames, placing the tall rider too far to the rear. This arrangement doesn't just look ridiculous, it also impacts comfort and can lead to instability. That's what David Folch, a 6'6” frenchman residing in San Francisco was thinking when he set out to design a bike specifically built for the tall rider. We just rode one.
What Is It?
It's easy to commission a run of very large frames. It's only slightly harder to hand-lace some really big wheels. But it's impossible to produce a small run of huge bicycle tires.
So, for his first bike, Folch arrived at the 36-inch tire size not only because those are appreciably larger than the typical 27.5-inch or 29-inch sizes, but because that's how big unicycle wheels are, and there are existing tires for those. So, Folch designed a bicycle around those tires.
“I learned bicycle design, and set out to make a proportionate bike for my body,” explains Folch. “By scaling up the wheel size, and every single bit of the bike—tubing, bearings, axles, cranks, pedals, bars, saddle, etc—we created the first bicycle that looks good under a 7-foot-tall rider. That makes it safer, more comfortable, and more durable. Plus, those big wheels soak up anything you throw at them: rocks, roots, potholes…even raccoons!”
Compared to a typical bike, the very tall rider is moved forward, ahead of the rear wheel, for a comfortable, upright riding position, and improved weight distribution and therefore stability. The larger tires make possible a higher bottom bracket, in turn facilitating longer cranks—again in proportion to the legs of a very tall rider. Those long cranks help provide an increase in pedal power, compensating for the increased rolling resistance. And, the increase in rolling momentum combines with the larger diameter to help those wheels roll over obstacles. That first bike was a hit amongst the very tall. Shaq owns two.
Those 36-inch wheel bikes work best for riders 6'5” and taller. The average cyclist is 5'8”. So, what about bikes for people in between? A few years ago, Walmart debuted a range of 32-inch wheel beach cruisers, and commissioned production of tires for them. The unicycle world jumped at the chance for a mid-size tire, and was able to produce one that's reasonable quality, and has hybrid tread that does alright on both the street and on dirt. Folch saw those as his opportunity to produce a smaller bike.
Now, he's producing a new range of bikes in the 32-inch wheel size. His smallest frame can accommodate riders as short as 5'8”, while a large can comfortably seat someone up to 6'8”. And they should all be able to take advantage of the increased stability, more upright riding position, and the easy ability to roll over obstacles.
Shaq rode one of his two DirtySixer 36ers in this AmEx commercial.
Who's It For?
Folch describes the 32er DirtySixer AllRoad as, “the most versatile bike for tall riders.” And says it's, “a gravel bike, a cross bike, a do-everything bike, and a town bike.” So, in other words, a hybrid.
Equipped with a derailleur, the Ventana-produced bikes go for $5,599, or $6,899 with a Rohloff internally geared, 14-speed rear hub.
Stock, the 32er is fitted with wide, flat bars. But, it can also be equipped with 48cm drop bars, and a tighter fork for road-specific duties.
Riding It
A fully rigid bike, wearing hybrid tires, should not ride this well. Folch has worked magic with the geometry, and created something that climbs as well as it descends, and is a blast to ride despite proving totally stable.
Throwing a leg over the 32er recalls my early days of cycling, before I outgrew normal human dimensions. Its wheelies, manuals, and hops like the adult-size bikes I used to ride when I was 12. Despite the lack of suspension, it handles off-road ruts, rocks, and riff raff with aplomb. Descents are handled in total confidence.
But while the concept is proven by the ride, can living with such a large bike, equipped with bespoke component sizes, be made to work? Tubes do appear to be available from a few major online retailers, but what about spokes and chains? With the Rohloff, any good chain will have enough links, but it's a close shave with with the cheaper derailleur. The longest spoke you'll typically find available in a bike shop is 310mm. Those will work just fine on the rear wheel, but the front spokes are longer. Folch includes six with the bike, just in case.
Getting the bike places without riding it is another matter entirely. Even with the front wheel removed, it takes up the entire cargo area of a Volkswagen Jetta SportWagon, with the rear seats folded down. In a roof rack, with both wheels on, deflating the front tire entirely just about got the 32er on the rack. But, as I was driving through San Francisco, that deflated tire fell off the wheel, and the bike was left dangling on the rack by the back wheel strap. A tense few moments of maneuvering through traffic to the side of the road, and I didn't lose the bike. You'll have an equal amount of trouble trying to fit the thing in standard bike boxes, too.
Likes
Riding is believing. The scaled-up wheels, and the larger frame they make possible, really do make a better bike for tall riders.
The sturdy, efficient Rohloff hub is a great complement to the bike's qualities.
Even without suspension, the 32er performs great on dirt trails.
Doesn't make tall riders look like they're riding a clown bike.
Dislikes
The quality of the available tires is, well…bad.
May not fit standard bike racks.
Should You Buy One?
The DirtySixer concept may sound goofy, but it really does work. This is a great riding bike, built to deliver years and years of faithful service.
But the tires! These tires are terrible for anything but weaving home at a walking pace after a few too many post-race beers. If Folch can find a better solution for those (he tells us one is in-progress), we think he'll really be onto something.
It was a chilly night in Philadelphia, back in the early '80s when it still looked like it does in the first “Rocky” movies. The crowd, some holding signs, marched in its circle, chanting the name Bobby Sands. Across the ocean, in the infamous H-Block prison in Northern Ireland, Sands, a member of the Irish Republican Army, lay dying of his hunger strike. It is a very early memory of mine, and one that underscores a basic fact about growing up in my Irish Catholic family. We supported the IRA.
Like most American supporters of the IRA, we did not celebrate the death of innocents, we did not hate Protestants, and we did not provide any material support. We did, however, believe that the United Kingdom was an occupying force in Northern Ireland, which the Irish people had a right to fight. Since a standard military engagement was out of the question, that left only acts of terror.
I remember going as a child with my parents to hear Tommy Makem and the Clancy Brothers perform at a little restaurant just outside Philly. They would sing Makem's classic, “Four Green Fields,” about the old woman Ireland, whose fourth county was still in bondage. He sang, “But my sons had sons, as brave as were their fathers, my fourth green field will bloom once again said she.” It was stirring. It literally got my Irish up.
There is little similarity between the goals and techniques of ISIS and those of the IRA. The latter was not typically targeting Americans, and they were not seeking to expand territorial control beyond the borders of the island. But there are striking similarities between the actions of the IRA and those of the Palestinian Liberation Organization and Hamas. In fact, the Irish and Palestinian terror organizations often worked in concert.
What I regret most is the negative attitude I felt toward anything English for much of my life.
In retrospect, I regret my feelings about the IRA, though clearly I had no impact on events. What I regret most is the negative attitude I felt toward anything English for much of my life. It took me until well into my twenties to read English history and philosophy without a bias against it. That was a loss for me, especially in terms of understanding the United States.
I now understand I wasn't just against the UK's occupation of Northern Ireland—I was against England as a concept. The undeniable wrongs it had done to my not-so-distant ancestors had poisoned the entire culture for me. That is not a healthy way to think; it blinded me. But I do understand it.
Terrorism Versus Terrorism
My support for the IRA back in my youth does not lead me to any relativism regarding ISIS. There are very distinct differences between terror used in an effort to obtain territory and terror used to pursue purely religious ends. War is never pretty. It always involves death and injury to noncombatants. But the IRA and the PLO had specific and concrete goals.
There are very distinct differences between terror used in an effort to obtain territory and terror used to pursue purely religious ends.
The supporters of the IRA and the PLO in the United States mainly supported those organizations' goals, not their methods. In the case of Ireland, I still support reunifying the island, even though I can no longer support acts of terror to that end. I imagine many Muslim Americans still support the re-conquest of the Levant. I believe in Israel's right to exist, but I also believe that loyal fellow American citizens might disagree with me.
But what is the goal of ISIS? What territorial goal does an American supporter of ISIS wish for? President Obama reduced our military footprint in the Middle East dramatically. He allowed Assad to prance over his red line on chemical weapons in Syria. The president has sought to fight terror by giving Muslims in the Middle East less reason to resent us. But far from being rewarded for these efforts, the United States and its allies have been subject to increased attacks.
This is what Sen. Marco Rubio is referring to when he talks about a civilizational conflict. He said: “This is not a geopolitical issue where they want to conquer territory, and it's two countries fighting against each other. They literally want to overthrow our society and replace it with their radical Sunni Islamic view of the future.” This difference is essential. It must govern our unique approach to this unique terror threat.
Should we be alarmed by polls that show 25 percent of Muslims in the United States agree that killing civilians is sometimes acceptable? Sure, but let's not kid ourselves. Plenty of Irish Americans like me supported that exact thing in the case of the IRA. In a broader sense, most Americans feel that General Sherman burning Atlanta and President Truman dropping the bomb on the Japan were justified actions. And they were.
Sympathizers Aren't Terrorists
In the past few weeks, we have seen a host of claims from the Left that the Right is engaged in terrorism. In the wake of the Colorado killings at a Planned Parenthood facility, liberals claimed that videos from the Center for Medical Progress widely reported in these pages stoked the firing of Robert Dear's guns. The New York Daily News proclaimed that National Rifle Association head Wayne Lapierre is a terrorist. The Right too often holds the Black Lives Matter movement responsible for police officers' deaths.
Neither incident is an excuse to blame dedicated, peaceful activists for horrendous acts.
Is it possible that aggressive political speech contributed Dear's actions? Yes. Is it possible that aggressive political speech contributed to the execution of two New York City police officers? Yes. But neither incident is an excuse to blame dedicated, peaceful activists for horrendous acts. Almost nobody on any side is calling for killing.
Casting a wide net on Muslims based on the belief of some that Palestinians were unfairly treated and have a right to violent recourse is unfair. A good number of Irish Catholics felt the same way, and nobody talked about kicking us out of the country or barring our access. Muslims deserve the same sane restraint that supporters of Irish nationalism were granted for much of the twentieth century.
Learning From the Irish Experience
The end of centuries of hostilities in Ireland was one of the great accomplishments of the twentieth century. Efforts by Sen. George Mitchell and his partners on all sides actually made peace. It's something we don't talk much about any more, but it was a remarkable triumph.
Trump and Obama's cowardice are of a piece.
What can we learn from that success? A big lesson is that the United States matters. Our power and diverse population grants us a unique ability to stabilize conflicts. We cannot shy away from that role.
We can run and hide. We can build great Trumpian walls and cower behind them. We can shy away from the world's conflicts, as Obama would have us do. Both of these are the same answer. Trump and Obama's cowardice are of a piece. But it is not a road to peace. Peace must be a result of American strength, not disengagement and apology. Peace can only come when people like me abandon their tribal emotions and refuse to accept the bombing of innocent people in the name of freedom.
At the same time, Russia has strong interests in a stable and cooperative Afghanistan. A Taliban resurgence and the return of Al Qaeda in Afghanistan could bolster Islamic extremism in Central Asia and southern Russia, where the authorities continue to battle a potent Islamic insurgency in Chechnya and the surrounding region.
The issue of Afghan heroin, which is derived from opium, is particularly vexing. Afghanistan is the world's largest producer of heroin, much of which seeps into neighboring Central Asian countries and then into Russia, where it finds a ready market of over a million users.
Almost 90 percent of Russia's heroin comes from Afghanistan, according to government statistics. Injected drugs kill thousands annually and are the main driver of Russia's H.I.V. epidemic, which is growing faster than almost anywhere else in the world.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
While Russia has struggled to bring heroin use under control domestically, officials have criticized the United States for not doing enough to halt the production of the drug in Afghanistan. Some here have even suggested that the United States was abetting the drug trade in an effort to weaken Russia.
Mr. Ivanov, who is also a close adviser to Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin, has been pressing his counterparts in Washington to increase efforts to eradicate poppy fields in Afghanistan. Afghanistan's opium production, estimated at almost 4,000 tons in the last year, has been a major source of financing for the Taliban. But the Obama administration has scaled back eradication programs, which were employed in the Bush era, out of fears that farmers would turn to the Taliban for assistance.
Russia and the United States created a counternarcotics working group last year in part to reconcile these disagreements, and this week's raid on the heroin factories appears to be a step in that direction.
Of about 70 people taking part in the raid early Thursday morning, only four were agents of Russia's Federal Counter Narcotics Service. The others were from the United States Drug Enforcement Administration and the Afghan drug police.
Senior D.E.A. officials said that the multinational task force, acting on intelligence, located a major clandestine heroin laboratory in the Zerasari village of Achin District, in Nangarhar Province near the Pakistani border. After they arrived, the agents discovered three additional labs hidden by vegetation. All four sites had been abandoned at the time of the operation, but officials said the evidence collected there confirmed that all were actively producing heroin and morphine.
The agents seized about 2,000 pounds of heroin and about 345 pounds of opium, as well as other chemicals and equipment. The D.E.A. said the heroin was worth $55.9 million.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Just in terms of disruption this was a very important operation, but it was also part of a larger strategy to attack the drug flows,” said Eric Rubin, the deputy chief of mission at the United States Embassy in Moscow. “The goal is to identify, disrupt and deny material support to terrorism, and very specifically to the Taliban elements that are supporting this drug trade.”
Show full PR text
HTC Unveils HTC Desire HD™ and HTC Desire Z™ With New HTC Sense™ and HTCSense.com
HTC Sense integrates a variety of multimedia and location-based enhancements and introduces HTCSense.com, a series of new connected HTC services
LONDON, Sept. 15 -- HTC Corporation, a global designer of smartphones, today unveiled a new HTC Sense experience with the new HTC Desire HD™ and HTC Desire Z™ Android-based smartphones. The new HTC Sense experience continues HTC's strong focus on the customer, placing people at the center by simply making its phones work in a more personal and natural way. HTC Sense introduces a number of key innovations including a series of connected services called HTCSense.com that enhance people's mobile experience on HTC phones.
"We're excited to be taking the HTC Sense experience beyond the phone to a whole new level with a series of connected HTC services we call HTCSense.com," said Peter Chou, CEO of HTC Corporation. "Our customers will value the holistic approach we're taking to enhance their mobile experience. This customer-first philosophy has resonated with people buying HTC phones and this drives us to continue introducing new innovative smartphones like the HTC Desire HD and HTC Desire Z."
"As a key Android partner and smartphone brand, HTC continues to bring new innovation to the platform," said Andy Rubin, VP engineering at Google. "Android is about choice and the new HTC smartphones continue to provide customers with powerful choices and flexibility."
HTC Sense
The new HTC Sense experience offers a variety of enhancements that improve how people capture, create, share and access multimedia content. With a newly created camera experience, people can record HD videos or capture and edit images with a variety of fun camera effects. With HTC Locations, a new differentiated online mapping experience, people have instant, on-demand mapping without download delays or incurring mobile roaming charges.
HTC Sense also includes a new integrated online e-reading experience utilizing a new e-book store powered by Kobo™ and a new, mobile-optimized e-reader that includes the ability to highlight, annotate and quickly search for definitions or translate unfamiliar terms.
HTCSense.com
With the new HTCSense.com service, people can simply manage their mobile phone experience from their HTC phone or personal computer. For example, people can easily locate a missing phone by triggering the handset to ring loudly, even if it is set to silent, or to flag its location on a map. If the phone's been lost or stolen, users can remotely lock the phone, forward calls and texts to another phone, send a message to the phone to arrange its return or even remotely wipe all personal data from it. HTCSense.com makes it easy to setup a new HTC phone or access archived mobile content such as contacts, text messages and call history from a PC browser. People can also customize their phones with exclusive HTC content like wallpapers, HTC scenes, sounds or plug-ins.
HTC Desire HD
HTC Desire HD showcases outstanding multimedia content with its bright 4.3" LCD display and Dolby Mobile and SRS virtual sound and is the first to be powered by the new 1GHz Qualcomm 8255 Snapdragon processor. The HTC Desire HD enables 720p HD video recording and includes an 8-megapixel camera with dual-flash. Building on the unibody heritage of the HTC Legend, the HTC Desire HD is sculpted from a block of solid aluminum and exudes the air of quality and strength that HTC has come to be known for. It also includes the new HTC Fast Boot that enables people to quickly make a call or check emails by shortening the time taken to complete the power-up sequence.
HTC Desire Z
For people constantly on the go, HTC Desire Z makes it quick and easy to stay connected with friends on Facebook and Twitter or with colleagues and customers at work. HTC Desire Z features a unique 'pop hinge' that opens to reveal a QWERTY keyboard for fast, convenient typing. HTC Desire Z's keyboard also includes a variety of keyboard shortcuts and two customizable keys for providing instant access to common functions without the need to open menus. HTC Desire Z also includes 720p HD video recording and a 5-megapixel camera with automatic flash. It is the first phone to utilize the new 800MHz Qualcomm 7230 processor for improved performance and battery life and also includes HTC Fast Boot.
Availability
The new HTC Desire HD and HTC Desire Z will be broadly available through mobile operators and retailers across major European and Asian markets from October 2010 with the HTC Desire Z shipping in North America later this year.
You may remember just a few days ago, T-Mobile launched a special promotional offer for customers signing up to Prepaid or Simple Choice No Credit customers. First off was the offer of a free SIM Starter Kit, and second was the special $50 price of the LG Optimus L90. In two days time, on May 20, T-Mobile is going to add to its collection of special prepaid offers. We've been shown an internal memo to staff which states that customers signing up to a $40 or higher prepaid plan or a SCNC (Simple Choice No Credit) plan will get the LG Leon LTE for free after rebate.
We were previously informed that the Leon LTE would be launching on May 20th alongside the budget G Stylo phablet. This means that – right from the outset – T-Mobile will be trying to shift as many of these low-end devices as humanly possible by almost literally throwing them at their target market.
How it works on both prepaid and SCNC will be different. The Leon has a full retail price of $149.76, that's ($0 down and 24 monthly payments of $6.24 on EIP for regular postpaid customers). Prepaid customers will see the price dropped down to just $50 at checkout and then be able to claim the $50 back online as a promotional rebate. Customers on the no credit Simple Choice plans, however, pay $149.76 up front and then claim that amount back as a rebate online at T-Mobile.com/promotions. In the end, neither customer pays for the device, they just get different amounts as a rebate to take their effective tally to $0.
Apart from paying their respective deposits, prepaid and SCNC customers have a couple of other caveats. Prepaid customers have to purchase the device with a $40 or higher prepaid plan. SCNC customers need to pay their deposit and remain in good standing for at least 30 days. Needless to say, this offer isn't valid with any other promotion, coupon or discount (including the 25% employee discount). Regular postpaid customers aren't eligible either and the offer is good as long as supplies last, for a limited time to new and existing customers. Both will get their bespoke promotional code at checkout in store which they'll then need to claim the money back. Full details in the screenshot below:
From the staff side of things, retail employees won't have to do any price overriding at checkout. On prepaid, it'll automatically show as $50. On SCNC it'll come up as $149.76.
As for the LG G Stylo, it doesn't look like that device is going to be part of any special promotions just yet. But we do have information on its pricing. It will cost $289.92 full retail price once it's available on May 20. As of right now, both devices still show as “coming soon” online. But we're pretty confident – unless plans change – that T-Mobile will launch both of them on Wednesday, as previously reported.
The Russian Navy in the Black Sea was ordered to conduct unscheduled drills early this morning. The naval training put in motion dozens of warships, military aircraft and armored vehicles, and thousands of marines.
The drills started early in the morning, when President Vladimir Putin, who was returning from Durban, South Africa, to Sochi aboard Air Force One, ordered Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu to alert the Black Sea fleet, as well as the regional Air Force and troops.
Shoigu opened an envelope delivered to him at 4:00am Moscow time, and only then learned of the planned war games.
The Russian naval drills came as a surprise not only to the Russian armed forces, but also for neighboring countries' militaries as well, which were forced to rub sleep from their eyes and rush to their duties as up to 30 Russian battleships left port. The battleships operating from the Russian naval base in Sevastopol in Crimea, Ukraine, were also alerted.
Defense Ministry press secretary Igor Konashenkov told Interfax that the drills “engaged over 7,100 troops, around 250 armored vehicles, some 50 cannons, up to 20 fighter jets and helicopters and about 30 various warships.”
“The training partly involves Air Forces, rapid deployment paratrooper divisions, Marines, special forces of the Intelligence Service of Russia's General staff,” presidential press secretary Dmitry Peskov said, adding that at least three airborne insertions are planned during the exercises.
The troops and vehicles made a 500-kilometer march to assigned shooting ranges for target practice. The warships also conducted firing exercises in which the Russian Air Force practiced supporting naval and ground forces.
According to international practices, Russia remains within its rights not to inform any country about the military drills, given the large number of soldiers taking part in the war games, Peskov said. He also did not exclude possibility of President Putin personally inspecting the ongoing military training: The city of Sochi is situated on the Black Sea, very close to the training zones.
Spontaneous training missions such as this are apparently set to become routine in the Russian military. "If we recall the speech of the President at the Collegium of the Ministry of Defense some time ago, you remember his words that the similar practice of unannounced inspections will actively continue,” Peskov explained.
In February, the Russian military conducted an unannounced combat readiness drills for the first time in 20 years. The exercises at the time involved around 7,000 troops, 40 military aircraft and hundreds of armored vehicles.
The drills in the Black Sea coincided with a huge long-range aviation exercise by the Russian Air Force. A range of strategic bombers – such as the supersonic Tu-160, Tu-95MC, Tu-22M3, Ilyushin flying tankers, A-50 AWACS aircraft, Su-27 fighter jets and supersonic MiG-31 interceptors – conducted over 60 missions at three ranges in various regions of the country.
We just got tipped that the HTC 8X (international) is receiving the first over-the-air update for the Windows Phone 8 OS . The update brings the OS to 10211 (up from build 9905) and brings fixes for rebooting plus adding the “keep Wi-Fi alive” feature , allowing a persistent WLAN connection when the display is off...
The update, called Portico , took about 10 minutes to download and for the device to prepare. Once we agreed to the update, the device reboot itself and launched into a “moving gears” mode whereby the OS was clearly patching itself. That process took another 10 minutes or so at which point the OS rebooted and reloaded. Once there, the OS did a migration of our data (in four steps). That process took another 5 minutes or so, at which point we were brought to the full newly updated OS.
Currently we are unsure about the status of this update, including all the changes it brings, whether all phones will be getting it (we assume yes) or whether carriers will play a role in approving it. Seeing as our 8X was unbranded, it makes sense it gets the update first.
Post-update welcome screen
All in all this was an impressive feat to finally witness: Microsoft remotely updating the OS (numerous time) for both bug patching and adding new features.
We did film the whole process and will have that posted as soon as we're done editing.
Update for new features: SMS Call Reject, SMS Drafts and SMS Select all have been added to the OS. Read more here.
via: WPCentras.lt
Some weeks ago, Stephen Walt lamented the absence of realist commentators in the American media space. What was striking to me at the time was Walt's claim that realism is a ‘well-known approach to foreign policy.' That claim—that realism is a foreign policy approach—makes sense in the context of Walt's dirge, which focuses on the role of policymakers and media in shaping state behavior. But putting realism into a foreign policy context does not come without theoretical costs. Indeed, the grandee of modern realism in IR Kenneth Waltz rejected the idea that realism was a foreign policy framework.
By taking analysis down to the policymaker level, Walt (and others) introduce a tension into analysis that is irreconcilable. The problem lies in the objectivist foundations of realism. For Waltz, the strictures of the system were independent of human perception, beliefs, or ideas. Waltz is never quite clear how systemic forces actually produce state behavior—he discusses socialization, but who is socialized, how that socialization is carried through time, and how it translates into actual policy outcomes is never very clear (in modern parlance, his microfoundations needed work). But, for the objectivist ontology and epistemology that formed the lynchpin of a now ‘scientific' realism (e.g. balance of power as a timeless law governing international politics), Waltz's neglect of microfoundations was useful for reasons that I hope are clear by the end of this post.
As Walt's post suggests, he carries forward Waltz's objectivist starting point. If only, Walt bemoans, policymakers from Bill Clinton onward had not been blinded by ideology or sentiment, the United States would have pursued its objective national interest and as a consequence be in much better shape internationally than it is now. Realist predictions, Walt argues, have been far more accurate than alternatives. The United States would not have invaded Iraq or tried to nation build Afghanistan, focusing instead on ‘eliminating al Qaeda.' NATO would not have expanded and put Russia in a corner (an argument I have previously disputed here on the Duck). The US would have played Iraq and Iran off each other in the Middle East and abstained from toppling Gaddafi in Libya.
On its face, the story Walt tells looks convincing. But dig a bit deeper, and it starts to come apart in profound ways. For the sake of argument, I am willing to grant Walt some contested grounds, specifically that there is a national interest that exists independent of individual perception and shared societal belief.* I am also willing to grant that policymakers can and do think in terms of material power, something my own research has shown.** The primary problem for Walt is that there is increasing evidence that, even if there is an objective national interest, the workings of human psychology would prevent anyone from being able to know and effectively act on it. To make my point I turn to the literature on strategy, which is the central mechanism by which realist foreign policymakers assess the national interest and act to pursue that interest.
In his meticulously detailed assessment of the concept of strategy Richard Betts reaches some sobering conclusions. Betts assembles a range of critiques of strategy and finds merit in many of them. For example, some argue that that it is impractical to judge risk in advance (unanticipated consequences, deeply imperfect knowledge, no basis for weighting risk) and that the past is little guide because observers confuse what they know about the results of past strategic choices with what they can expect strategists to know before the choices are tested. Thus, almost any strategy can be rationalized. Was Churchill's resolute rejection of accommodation offered by Hitler wise pursuit of the British national interest or a foolhardy ideological gamble on US intervention that might not have occurred had the Japanese not attacked Pearl Harbor? Hindsight holds the former, but at the time it would be difficult to adjudicate that question. After assessing ten critiques Betts finds strategy afloat, but barely. At best, strategy can be meaningful only in constrained circumstances: when policymakers are confronting a simple situation over a short timeframe. The more complex or the longer the temporal scope, the less meaningful strategy becomes.
While Betts was specifically addressing military strategy, his assessment is relevant to foreign policy realism in two ways. First, foreign policy realism predominantly focuses on material power as the basis of the national interest, of which military strategy is the most obvious manifestation. Second, the problem of connecting means to end and the challenge of operating across levels of analysis is not particular to military strategy, and as a consequence many if not all of the critiques identified by Betts apply to foreign policy strategy writ large.
If Betts' work suggests that foreign policy realism is at best profoundly constrained, Kenneth Payne's new book on the psychology of strategy indicates that even in those constrained circumstances it is impossible for human decision makers to know or effectively act on the national interest. Payne draws on a wide range of findings in psychology and social psychology to highlight the inability of humans to assess the world in the way that foreign policy realism requires. To start, Payne notes that humans are cognitive misers. The human brain is simply unable to ‘rationally' process all the data imposed on it. To cope, evolution has imparted a range of coping mechanisms that lighten the cognitive load. These range from cognitive fluency (humans go with the choice that is the easiest to think about) to emotional processing (emotional states simplify the information stream by highlighting specific elements) to analogical reasoning (using historical examples as a basis of decision making).
While these and other mechanisms make it possible for the brain to function in the context of perpetual information overload, they are ill-suited to assessing or acting on the objective national interest. Compounding these individual-level factors are social psychological hueristics (social identity, honor, self-esteem) that further compromise the link between policymakers and the objective national interest. Indeed, Payne goes so far as to argue that while the foreign policy realist model of the rational policymaker pursing the objective national interest may allow for “mathematical modeling of decision-making…this perspective has delivered poor results in explaining strategic behavior” (23).
What about history? After all, Walt invokes a series of examples that were certainly—at least from our current vantage point—disastrous choices. It is not hard to see that he cherry picks his examples, and even then does not recognize that many of them cut both ways. Playing Iran and Iraq off each other? Looking the other way as authoritarian leaders slaughter their people? Propping up oppressive regimes that support US policy? These kinds of policies are arguably at the root of widespread antagonism against the United States in the Middle East, so it is not clear how foreign policy realism delivers the US from the problem of regional resentment. Indeed, it is possible to read the instability in the Middle East as the culmination of decades of American/Western support of increasingly illegitimate rulers, hardly an outcome that would seem to be in the objective national interest of the United States. With respect to Libya, it is not clear how realism has much to say about the thus far failed intervention other than Walt's claim that realism is skeptical about the efficacy of military power.
Moreover, Walt neglects a checkered history of foreign policy realism. In US history, it may be impossible to find a foreign policy team more enamored with realist thinking than Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger. Yet even a quick glance at their foreign policy record reveals an almost unmitigated disaster—hardly a testament to realist foreign policy. Bombing Cambodia at the very least catalyzed the rise of the Khmer Rouge and decades of instability and repression. The deployment of an aircraft carrier to intimidate India in 1971 imposed relationship damage that took decades to repair and likely contributed to India's nuclear test in 1974—with no gain for the US. Even the opening of China, the duo's signature realist foreign policy achievement, is not as straightforward as it appears at first glance. My colleague Fei-Ling Wang observed to me a couple weeks ago that had Nixon not shown up when he did, Mao's regime stood a very good chance of collapsing under the weight of the Cultural Revolution. While it may be possible that such a collapse would have been against the US national interest, it might have also been in service to that interest. In light of China's aggressive behavior in the South China Sea, at the very least the idea that Nixon may have saved Mao prompts a rethink.
Other examples of apparently counterproductive realist foreign policy are not hard to find. Right off the top of my head I can think of fighting a proxy war against the Soviets in Afghanistan and supporting the Shah of Iran. Coming back to Walt's example of NATO expansion putting Russia in a corner, that might not be a problem if the US had worked harder to help Russia rebuild its economy and governance after the Cold War. With this historical track record, the problems exposed by the strategy literature come into greater relief. It may be that there is an objective national interest (though I doubt it), but there are good reasons to believe that policymakers are unable to recognize it or act accordingly. If that is the case, foreign policy realism cannot sustain as a self-proclaimed scientific approach and instead becomes a normative theory. Returning to my point at the outset, by refusing to link realism to policymakers Waltz avoided the problem of reconciling individuals immersed in a subjective and intersubjective reality with his theory's objectivist foundations.
*Though it is worth noting that Walt neglects the legitimating ideological foundations of governance in his assessment of the interests of states. One suspects it would weaken US power if it used liberal norms to legitimate its place at the top of the international pecking order but repeatedly refused to act on plausible mass violations of human rights like those threatened in Libya.
**Though this same research also shows policymakers think using other logics as well.
You don't have to rack your brain to come up with the names of authors who face heated criticism for the length of time it takes them to produce the next volume in a popular epic fantasy series. On the other end of the spectrum is Brandon Sanderson, a Hugo Award-winning author who also happens to be one of the most prolific fantasists in the world. Like Elizabeth Bear (nearly 30 novels since 2005), C.J. Cherryh (60+ novels and countless pieces of short fiction since 1976), and the inestimable Mercedes Lackey (140+ novels since her debut in 1987), Sanderson is a writing machine, pumping out novels, short stories, and novellas at a relentless pace.
Sanderson made his name among rabid fantasy fans with the Mistborn series, which began in 2006. The first volume, The Final Empire, introduced readers to Vin and Kelsier, young revolutionaries who use Allomancy, a metal-based form of magic, to bring down the Lord Ruler, an immortal tyrant who rules over the Final Empire with an iron fist. Their story concludes in The Well of Ascension and The Hero of Ages. Sanderson returned to the same world five years later with The Alloy of Law, a standalone adventure that jumped forward hundreds of years to introduce Waxillium Ladrian, Marasi Colms, and Wayne, a plucky group of detectives and bounty hunters in a world recreated by the apocalyptic events of the earlier trilogy. After centuries, the world has transformed into a charming amalgam of post-industrial England and late 20th century America—mixing themes reminiscent of Jack London's adventures with the sophisticated Victorian detective fiction of Kate Summerscale or Charles Dickens.
Sanderson's latest, Shadows of Self, begins a new trilogy with Wax and Wayne. The stakes are higher, as the supposedly peaceful world left behind by the Hero of Ages begins to crumble and a mysterious Allomancer threatens the safety of the city's most powerful political figures. The sixth Mistborn novel, The Bands of Mourning, is due out in January, 2016, just a few months after Shadows of Self.
And that's just one of his three (arguably, five) current series. Aside from the sequel to The Bands of Mourning he's also working on the third book in the planned 10-book Stormlight Archives; the next installment of the Reckoners, a YA series about superheroes; and another book in his Alcatraz middle grade series. He's also planned sequels to his quote-unquote standalone novels Elantris and Warbreaker. He just doesn't stop writing.
Oh, yeah, he's also the guy who stepped in to finish Robert Jordan's legendary Wheel of Time after the author's unfortunate passing. The final three volumes, co-written by Sanderson, ended the lingering series in grand style.
Sanderson isn't just prolific by sheer volume of published works; his novels, short stories, and novellas are also dense with meticulously-detailed magic systems, enormous casts of interesting characters, rich worlds with deep histories, and intricate plots that layer on the complexity page-by-page. To top it all off, the majority of his fiction contributes to the unified mythos of the Cosmere, an overall story arc that transcends the various trilogies, series, and standalones to tell a much bigger story (for more on this concept, check out this excellent breakdown by Martin Cahill on Tor.com). These aren't just pulp novels that Sanderson pumps out in a month, following a tried-and-true recipe. They're carefully crafted books that earn the “epic fantasy” label.
How does he do it?
A strong work ethic and a doggedness in his dedication to put words down on paper every single day. This is a guy who takes a break after finishing a book and writes another one by accident. For a period of time, he worked the graveyard shift at a local hotel specifically because it allowed him to write on the job.
In what the author refers to as his “apprentice” era, from 1997 to 1999, he wrote five novels. “None of them [were] very good,” he admits. “But being good wasn't the point.” Even so early in his career—years before he sold his first novel—he understood the importance of finishing what you start. With practice, he began writing books that weren't only good, but interesting and complex. He didn't know it at the time, but thanks to his dedication to writing endlessly and constantly improving, he was on his way to becoming one for the most celebrated young fantasy writers in the world.
Sanderson wrote over a dozen novels before selling Elantris (his eighth) to Tor Books. It was released in May 2005, and in the decade since, Sanderson, now 39, has published over 20 books, along with several novellas and short stories, totaling nearly 3,700,000 words. A simple bit of math tells us that he's publishing, on average, 370,000 words per year. To put that into perspective, J.R.R. Tolkien's legendary Lord of the Rings is 480,000 words—which took the British linguist over a decade to complete. A user on Reddit's r/fantasy created this impressive chart of his published works between 2005 and 2014. That's quite a trajectory.
Where to start?
Alcatraz vs. the Evil Librarians are the perfect jumping off point for younger readers or anyone looking for a light, enjoyable romp. It's full of action, Sanderson's trademark humour, and loveable characters.
Steelheart is the first in Sanderson's Reckoners series—a YA superhero story about revenge, suspense, and fighting through thick and thin.
“How far would you go for revenge if someone killed your father? If someone destroyed your city? If everything you ever loved was taken from you? David Charleston will go to any lengths to stop Steelheart. But to exact revenge in Steelheart's world, David will need the Reckoners—a shadowy group of rebels bent on maintaining justice. And it turns out that the Reckoners might just need David too.”
Elantris, soon to be rereleased in a revised 10th anniversary edition, is a standalone novel that serves as the perfect introduction to Sanderson's adult epic fantasy.
“Elantris was the capital of Arelon: gigantic, beautiful, literally radiant, filled with benevolent beings who used their powerful magical abilities for the benefit of all. Yet each of these demigods was once an ordinary person until touched by the mysterious transforming power of the Shaod. Ten years ago, without warning, the magic failed. Elantrians became wizened, leper-like, powerless creatures, and Elantris itself dark, filthy, and crumbling. Princess Sarene of Teod arrives for a marriage of state with Crown Prince Raoden, hoping—based on their correspondence—to also find love. She finds instead that Raoden has died and she is considered his widow. Stricken by the same curse that ruined Elantris, Raoden was secretly exiled by his father to the dark city.”
Warbreaker, another standalone, offers a colourful look at Sanderson's unparalleled ability to craft compelling magic systems. Plus, it's got some fun ties to Sanderson's Stormlight Archive.
“Sisters Vivenna and Siri are princesses of Idris. Susebron is the God King one must marry. Lightsong is the reluctant minor god of bravery. Vasher is an immortal still trying to undo mistakes of centuries before. Magic from individual breath from everyday objects can perform all manner of miracles and mischief.”
The Final Empire is the first volume in the Mistborn trilogy, though it stands on its own reasonably well. A great place to start if you'd like a taste of Sanderson, with an option to continue on into a larger series.
“What if the hero of prophecy fails? What kind of world results when the Dark Lord is in charge? For a thousand years the ash fell and no flowers bloomed. For a thousand years the Lord Ruler reigned with absolute power and ultimate terror, divinely invincible. Then, when hope was so long lost that not even its memory remained, a terribly scarred, heart-broken half-Skaa rediscovered it in the depths of the Lord Ruler's most hellish prison. Kelsier found in himself the powers of a Mistborn. A brilliant thief and natural leader, he turned his talents to the ultimate caper, with the Lord Ruler himself as the mark.”
The Way of Kings is a big commitment—the first of 10 planned volumes in the Stormlight Archives, only two of which have been published—but it's oh, so epic. Join Kaladin, Shallan, Dalinar, and Jasnah in the storm-wracked world of Roshar.
The put-upon people of Manchester got the chance to quiz Home Office minister Meg Hillier on ID cards yesterday, while Parliament got an update on the national identity register - the database at the heart of the project.
Sir Joseph Pilling told the Home Affairs committee that 538 people were now on the database - one of them foreign the rest Brits. Pilling is the UK ID czar and is described as "an independent voice... safeguarding the public's privacy and identity rights", although he's been a Home Office Sir Humphrey since 1966.
Meanwhile, Meg Hillier spent part of yesterday responding to questions from readers of the Manchester Evening News.
This grassroots, reach-out web chat was an enormous success in turning round public opinion using just reasoned argument - think Peel's speech on the Corn Laws. The online poll carried out by the paper, clearly not astro-turfed by any special interest group, found four per cent of respondents is in favour of the cards against 96 per cent of people who were against it.
This didn't faze meg though, who told the audience that around two thirds of the public couldn't wait to get their hands on an ID card. So, there you are, ID cards are like Man United - all the supporters live outside Manchester.
Otherwise the web chat repeated other Home Office half-truths.
Hillier said: "But another real benefit is that once you have registered no-one can steal your identity" and "the databases will be very secure - think Police National Computer. No-one will be able to download information and it will not be on PCs on people's desks."
Regular readers won't need reminding of the government's rubbish record of managing the DNA database , the criminal records databases or the complete failure of the prisoner tracking database.
She also said that less than 100 "highly security vetted" people will have direct access to the database - which suggests that not many requests will be made of it, or they'll be working very fast.
Hillier also reminded the Mancs of the penalties for anyone failing to update the register with their correct address, which, really, are all for their own good.
"The penalty charges are really an encouragement to keep info up to date - this only actually affects your address. The main beneficiary of up to date address is the cardholder so we don't envisage many people not complying."
Of course, if the biometrics confirm your ID, what's your address got to do with it?
And with that she said, "I'm sorry I can't stay longer - it's been an interesting discussion.®
Update 5/18/09: This Blue Sky Homes prototype is complete!
Just the other day, we mentioned a beautiful green home designed by o2 architecture, but they've also been involved with another interesting company, Blue Sky Homes. Blue Sky Homes was created to be a next generation prefab company — they've developed a system to construct homes faster, stronger, greener, cheaper, and easier than standard industry practice. The Blue Sky Homes Building System involves fabricating the elements of the home in a factory and assembling those pieces on the job site. And they're testing this system on a 1,000 square foot prototype home in Yucca Valley right now.
The prototype is being built with steel, but it's actually a light-gauge, cold-formed steel, which incorporates recycled steel in a less-intense and more affordable process. With this process, Blue Sky Homes can produce strong homes and quick on-site assembly. More specifically, footings to envelope = ~ 5 days, and entire home construction = ~ seven weeks.
Blue Sky Homes is planning a full catalog of home designs for future release, and pricing information will be forthcoming as well. Their designs incorporate a number of green elements and products: bamboo and FSC-certified cabinetry, solar PV, solar hot water panels, grey water system, low-VOC paints, high-performance double-E windows and doors, Energy Star appliances, efficient STEPs (steel thermal efficiency panels), and the allowance of abundant natural light.
The Yucca Valley Prototype House began construction on March 10, 2009, and we're excitedly monitoring progress on Blue Sky Homes' website to see the finished home. If these renderings are any indicator, the home will be an absolute stunner. You watch.
Photos from construction starting March 10, 2009.
Photo credits: Blue Sky Homes; rendering credits: o2 Architecture.
Sci-Fi, Comics, Games, we digest it all so you don't have to. Here are our picks for the best of of 2013. If you are so inclined, we talk about it all on this podcast, if you want to listen.
5: Grand Theft Auto Five
In a first for us, a video games makes the year's Top 5! Game Developer Rockstar puts this generation of consoles to bed with what is probably its best game yet. A sprawling open-world homage to gratuitous violence, sex and foul language, GTA V doesn't really break the mold for open-world games, but still manages to feel fresh. Rockstar “fixed” the biggest issue of the previous titles, which was forcing you replay the entire mission if you failed before completion. The result is a far easier and more enjoyable experience. They finally figured out what most of us already knew, which is that the fun comes from exploring the world, and then doing as much damage to it as possible. The missions and story are just an excuse for you to find new ways to cause mayhem. This game has received some criticism for the roles (or lack thereof) of women in the game, and I agree that is fair. But taken on whole, open-world games simply don't get better than this. -Jim
4: Game of Thrones Season 3
Can you sum up a season of George R.R. Martin's epic saga in three words? I'll try: the Red Wedding. The latest season showed us the development of Daenerys Stormborn into a beloved leader, gave us insight into the psyche of Jaime Lannister, reminded us again and again that Jon Snow knows nothing, and then punched us in the gut (even though anybody who reads the books knew it was coming) with the Red Wedding. Peter Dinklage continues to amaze me with his ability to bring Tyrion Lannister to life, and Dame Diana Rigg stolen every scene she had. Season Three really drove home the point that not all the “bad guys” are in fact bad, and not all the “good guys” are all that good… and it doesn't pay to get too attached to anybody in this series! -Mike
3: Pacific Rim
Pacific Rim is Guillermo del Toro's personal tribute to Anime/Manga-inspired fighting robots and old monster movies. Del Toro goes heavier on special effects than he does on plot and character development, and that's ok, because he delivers an immensely entertaining movie. The premise is set up with quick and clever newsreel-type exposition…and after that it's all action! The monsters are huge. The Jaegers are awesome. The battles are spectacular. Each one builds on the previous one and finally showcases the awesome final battle in the city and underwater. In a year when many movies have probably taken themselves too seriously, Pacific Rim is good plain fun. -Scott
2: Orphan Black Season 1
OK, I am willing to admit it. When I first saw the promos for this show and heard that it somehow involved clones, I thought “this will be awful.” But then I watched the show. I was immediately amazed how effortlessly Tatiana Maslany switched between characters– five of them, I think?. I was sucked in by the “more than meets the eye” plot. If you want to see some amazing acting by Maslany (she was just nominated for a Golden Globe in the Best Leading Actress in a Drama category, so apparently I'm not alone in this belief!) , enjoy some dark, mysterious plot, and laugh at some entertaining supporting cast– check out Orphan Black. Season Two will hit the television in April, 2014. -Mike
1: Gravity
The fact that our number 1 winner on this years list is based more on Science Fact rather than Science Fiction has not been ignored by the Sci Guys, but that didn't stop us from loving Gravity as much as we all did. What feels like the first 3D movie for a mature audience is cast far above the Earth and just as the viewer gets accustomed to the claustrophobia of the space suit and the agoraphobia the sheer depth of open space induces, the out-of-the-blue action of Gravity begins. On the surface Gravity comes across as a typical “strength of the human spirit” story, but the rich character study really goes deep asking what is the human spirit? What is the point of surviving? Expertly and sparsely cast with George Clooney and Sandra Bullock, and delicately directed by Alfonso Cuaron, Gravity is a movie we are sure we will be remembering fondly for years to come. -John
By Sci-Guy-Jim
The attempt to further globalize American football has suffered a blow.
Article continues below ...
FOX Sports has learned that the International Federation of American Football's initial application for recognition by the International Olympic Committee was declined.
IOC officials will meet with IFAF representatives within the next 45 days to discuss how the group can strengthen its application for future consideration.
“American football's burgeoning international athlete participation and appeal continues to propel the game on an exciting upward path,” an IFAF spokesman told FOX Sports in a statement. “IFAF and the world's American football family have great reason to remain inspired and energized by our ongoing dialogue with IOC leadership.”
IOC approval would have provided a significant boost in promoting the game and procuring additional funding from countries with sports ministries that financially support athletes in Olympic sports. There are currently 64 countries on six continents that are sanctioned IFAF members for men's and women's teams.
Carl Peterson, who is chairman of the USA Football youth governing body, said the lack of IOC recognition is the biggest obstacle in growing the sport globally.
“Most of the other (Olympic) sports are getting international exposure,” Peterson recently told FOX Sports. “Organizations like IFAF in Europe are doing a good job developing teams in their countries.
“Football is becoming a world sport. It's just going to take longer than the NBA as well as the NHL.”
The NFL has made inroads internationally. There were 10 foreign-born players chosen in the 2013 draft. That includes five selections in the first two rounds: Detroit defensive end Ziggy Ansah (Ghana), Cincinnati defensive end Margus Hunt (Estonia), Indianapolis outside linebacker Bjoern Werner (Germany), Oakland tackle Menelik Watson (England) and Carolina defensive tackle Star Lotulelei (Tonga).
The NFL is trying to further its reach internationally by supporting USA Football and IFAF youth initiatives as well as holding regular-season games in London for the first time in 2013. The Buffalo Bills also now play one regular-season game annually in Toronto.
NFL Vice President of International Chris Parsons told FOX Sports that IOC recognition “would help significantly” toward increasing growth. Parsons said the NFL helps fund some IFAF programs that “encourage participation” in the sport.
“With IOC recognition, the expectation is that you would end up having more competitions,” Parsons recently said in a FOX Sports story on NFL globalization.
“You would see more and more leagues and that would generate incremental interest. … It wouldn't open the floodgates per se but the argument would be a lot stronger than far as federations applying for local funding.”
Football was played as a demonstration Olympic sport during the 1932 games in Los Angeles. Even football's most ardent supporters acknowledge the chances of the sport ever being played at the Olympics in the traditional 11-on-11 format is extremely slim for a variety of reasons. However, a seven-on-seven version of the game a la what has happened with rugby would have a better chance at gaining approval.
WASHINGTON - The House of Representatives voted this evening to pass legislation to ban abortion after 20 weeks, except in what Democrats assailed as "narrow" cases of incest of a minor, rape, and health of the mother, prompting a partisan debate on the House floor as lawmakers grappled over the question of how soon a fetus is able to detect pain in the womb.
The bill, H.R. 1797 - Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, passed by a vote of 228-196. Six Republicans opposed the measure, while six Democrats crossed the aisle to support it.
Republicans contend that a fetus is capable of detecting pain well before the current cut-off for abortions, at 24 weeks.
"These aren't just fetuses, science now tells us that they can feel pain. These babies are just like the ones we see in Neonatal Intensive Care Units in hospitals in our area struggling for life, needing love," Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, said in support of the bill. "This law will protect children."
"As a republic founded on the notion of the inherent right to life of every human being, we have an abiding responsibility to ensure that the innocent and most vulnerable are adequately protected from the gravest and most appalling of injustices, especially murder," Rep Mike Kelly, R-Pa., added. "That is what today's legislation seeks to accomplish and I am proud to grant it my complete support."
Democrats, on the other hand, called the legislation an assault on women's reproductive rights and an attempt to override the Supreme Court's 1973 ruling in Roe. v. Wade.
"It is unconstitutional, and it is dangerous to the health and safety of American women," Rep. Zoe Lofgren, D-Calif., said. "It's a direct challenge to Roe v. Wade when the Court held that prior to viability, abortions may be banned only if there are meaningful exceptions to protect a woman's life and health."
"Republicans have repeatedly demonstrated a lack of understanding about basic women's healthcare, and this bill is just one more example of their continuing attack on women's rights," Rep. Dina Titus, D-Nev., added during debate on the bill. "It is a step backward for women's health."
Although the bill passed, its path to the floor was rocky at best. Last week during a mark-up in the Judiciary committee, Rep. Trent Franks, the lead sponsor of the legislation, said that "the incidence of rape resulting in pregnancy are very low." Franks later said that what he meant was that "pregnancies from rape that result in abortion after the sixth month are very rare."
Still, House Republican leadership decided that Franks would not manage debate on his legislation, and tasked Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a former member of the Judiciary committee, to oversee the GOP's floor debate.
Today, Franks called the bill "very truly and simply a deeply sincere effort" to protect "both mothers and their pain-capable unborn babies."
"Passage of today's landmark bill marks the first time in history, in either chamber of the U.S. Congress, that affirmative protection has been extended to unborn children," Franks, R-Ariz. said after the bill passed. "It is my prayer that today also marks a day when America finally opens her eyes to the humanity of these little victims and the inhumanity of what is being done to them."
The bill was also tweaked after the committee markup to allow exceptions for rape and incest of a minor. Those changes led some of the most conservative Republicans to abandon support for the bill.
"As a medical doctor, I believe it is my duty to protect children at all stages of life," Rep. Paul Broun, a Senate hopeful who removed himself as a cosponsor of the legislation after the changes were added to the bill, said in opposition to the legislation. "I am extremely disappointed that House Republican leadership chose to include language to subject some unborn children to needless pain and suffering. I will not support legislation that harms innocent children, and I will continue in my efforts to protect all unborn children by making abortion illegal at all stages of pregnancy."
The legislation stands no chance to pass the Democratic-controlled Senate, and the White House had vowed that the president would veto the bill had it reached his desk.
"Women should be able to make their own choices about their bodies and their health care, and Government should not inject itself into decisions best made between a woman and her doctor," read a statement of administration policy Monday. "The Administration is committed to the protection of women's health and reproductive freedom and to supporting women and families in the choices they make."
The six Democrats supporting this legislation are Reps. Henry Cuellar (Texas), Dan Lipinski (Illinois), Jim Matheson (Utah), Mike McIntyre (North Carolina), Collin Peterson (Minnesota) and Nick Rahall (West Virginia).
The six Republicans opposing the bill are Reps. Paul Broun (Georgia), Charles Dent (Pennsylvania), Rodney Frelinghuysen (New Jersey), Richard Hanna (New York), Jon Runyan (New Jersey) and Rob Woodall (Georgia).
It takes about 1 minute and 52 seconds to send it around the world or around the block on a ssb radio wave using the slow scan tv mode and will be received as clearly as the above picture or better under good conditions.
The information and links on this page will get you started with the fantastic fun
that SSTV offers.
I have included some info below that will get you started
FAST in SSTV.
I ONLY HAD TO BUY A $3.00 CABLE FROM RADIO SHACK TO START!
BASIC EQUIPMENT REQUIRED:
A good stable hf rig capable of ssb operation.
An antenna tuned to the band you will operate.
Medium speed computer with sound card and speakers.
The free software
A little time to learn the software.
GET STARTED NOW AND JOIN THE FUN!
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FREE SOFTWARE PROGRAM MMSSTV
by JE3HHT Makoto Mori
( you will leave this site, click back when finished )
The KE0VH DIGITAL INTERFACE PROJECT by KE0VH
Build this digital interface for your digital projects!
SSTV in 3 Easy Steps
1. Download and install the SSTV software above into a Windows 95 or Windows 98 Desktop or later Computer. MMSSTV is freeware that lets you see what you have been missing at no cost!
2. Connect receiver audio out to Soundcard input. Tune in an SSTV station on 14.230 Mhz.
MMSSTV autocorrects but some programs require adjusting the timing to correct slant.
BE PATIENT WHEN RECEIVING....IT'S NOT THE INTERNET!
These are the most popular frequencies used (Mhz)
3.845
3.857
7.171
14.230 (very popular)
14.233 (another good one)
21.340
28.680
145.5 MHz
3. Hold transmitter microphone up to Soundcard speaker and transmit SSTV.
DO NOT USE AUDIO COMPRESSION!
You will get some room echo in the picture but immediate results are hard to argue with or you can try using good quality headphones (over the ear type) instead of the Computer speakers and press the mic into the earcups to eliminate room background noise and adjust the volume from computer audio as needed for proper modulation.
(about half the output of your hf rig)
Remember........... SSTV IS FULL DUTY CYCLE,
so if your rig runs 100 watts on ssb, then cut audio back to about 50 watts with computer volume control.
There you have it!
3 Easy Steps to SSTV with very little cost!
Experiment and have fun but don't burn out those finals!
QRP SSTV ANYONE?
Study of recruitment processes at elite law, accountancy and financial firms found that 70% of jobs went to applicants from private or selective schools
Unacknowledged “poshness tests” at elite British companies are thwarting the career prospects of talented working-class applicants and reinforcing social division, according to a government study.
The research by the social mobility and child poverty commission found that old-fashioned snobbery about accents and mannerisms was being used by top companies to filter out working-class candidates and favour the privileged.
The commission examined the recruitment processes at 13 elite law, accountancy and financial companies who between them appoint 45,000 of the best jobs in the country. It found that 70% of jobs offered by those firms in 2014 went to applicants from private or selective schools, even though such schools only educate around 11% of the population.
We need to talk about the way she first chooses words and, second, the way she pronounces them. It will need some polish Unnamed recruiter
It found that as university education has become more prevalent employers have turned their attention to other characteristics “such as personal style, accent and mannerisms, adaptability, team working”. These “soft skills” were repeatedly found to be interpreted as “proxies for ‘talent'”.
Some successful applicants said they had to disguise their working-class backgrounds to get on. “When I went home … I could go back to, if you like, my old slight twang. When I'm in this environment I pretend I'm posher than I am,” one said.
One employer suggested firms were unwilling to sift through applications from those of working-class backgrounds. “Is there a diamond in the rough out there?” the unnamed recruiter told researchers. “Statistically it's highly probable but the question is … how much mud do I have to sift through in that population to find that diamond?”
The poshness test lasts a lifetime – to believe otherwise is fantasy | Suzanne Moore Read more
Alan Milburn, the former Labour cabinet minister who chairs the commission, said: “This research shows that young people with working-class backgrounds are being systematically locked out of top jobs. Elite firms seem to require applicants to pass a ‘poshness test' to gain entry.”
He added: “Inevitably that ends up excluding youngsters who have the right sort of grades and abilities but whose parents do not have the right sort of bank balances.”
The report warned top companies that they were “denying themselves talent, stymying young people's social mobility and fuelling the social divide that bedevils Britain”.
The report found that there was an increasing awareness of the need for social mobility, but that social class was a “relatively hidden category” of discrimination compared to other forms of diversity.
One recruiter talked about her doubts after appointing someone who lacked “polish”. The unnamed interviewer said: “I recruited somebody … she's short of polish. We need to talk about the way that she articulates, the way that she, first, chooses words and, second, the way she pronounces them. It will need, you know … it will need some polish because whilst I may look at the substance, you know, I've got a lot of clients and a lot of colleagues who are very focused on the personal presentation and appearance side of it.”
How much mud do I have to sift through in that population to find that diamond? Unnamed recruiter
The report also said that companies were unwilling to acknowledge the problem. It said: “Social class, however defined, apparently remains a strong determinant of one's ability to access the elite professions and, once there, to thrive. Yet still, this study would suggest that within elite firms, awareness of the role played by social background in relation to career progression is quite low, especially compared to other diversity axes such as gender. Further, participants spoke of their reluctance to discuss social class with their colleagues, on the basis that this is potentially intrusive.”
Some of the firms studied had adopted “CV-blind” selection techniques to hide an applicant's educational background in an effort to increase social mobility. But it found that this sometimes had the unintended consequences of encouraging interviewers to focus on “proxies for quality such as speech and accent”.
Louise Ashley – of Royal Holloway, University of London, who led the research – urged firms to recruit from a wider range of applicants. She said top firms should “interrogate current definitions of talent, including how potential is identified and assessed, to ensure that disadvantaged students are not ruled out for reasons of background rather than aptitude and skill”.
Gloria De Piero, shadow minister for women and diversity, tweeted that poshness tests were a glass ceiling that Labour was determined to smash.
Tech industry organizations have written a letter to leaders in the U.S. Senate, to ask them to swiftly pass the USA Freedom Act, legislation that is expected to end the collection of bulk domestic phone data by the National Security Agency.
Disclosures about the U.S. government's surveillance programs since June 2013 have led to an erosion of public trust in the U.S. government and the U.S. technology sector, anti-software piracy group BSA, Computer and Communications Industry Association, Information Technology Industry Council, Reform Government Surveillance and the Software and Information Industry Association wrote to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Republican Leader in the Senate Mitch McConnell on Monday.
Reforms contained in the USA Freedom Act “will send a clear signal to the international community and to the American people that government surveillance programs are narrowly tailored, transparent, and subject to oversight,” the industry groups added.
In June last year, former NSA contractor Edward Snowden revealed that the NSA was collecting phone metadata of Americans from Verizon, the first of a series of revelations about U.S. surveillance in the country and abroad.
The U.S. House of Representatives passed in May an amended version of the USA Freedom Act that would limit the collection of phone data to certain “specific selection terms.” But an expanded definition of the specific selection terms that can be used by the NSA to collect data from phone companies was criticized by civil rights groups and the industry, as it would continue to allow the NSA to target a large number of phone records.
The bill introduced in the Senate in July by Senator Patrick Leahy, a Democrat from Vermont, and others aims to tighten the collection of data by the NSA by closing loopholes. In a letter to Leahy last week, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper expressed support for the bill.
The transparency measures and reform of surveillance proposed in the Freedom Act are expected to send positive signals abroad where U.S. tech companies fear losing business, the tech industry groups said, echoing a concern already expressed by a number of tech companies.
Cisco Systems' CEO John Chambers, for example, wrote to U.S. President Barack Obama in May, asking for his intervention so that U.S. technology sales were not affected by a loss in trust.
“As a result of the surveillance program revelations, U.S. technology companies have experienced negative economic implications in overseas markets,” the tech groups wrote. “In addition, other countries are considering proposals that would limit data flows between countries, which would have a negative impact on the efficiencies upon which the borderless Internet relies.”
Congress returned from recess on Monday though there may be only a few days of legislative business ahead of campaigning for midterm elections.
The inaugural Dignitas Smite Cup was wrought with issues for most teams. Denial NA, despite being seeded with EU teams (only their round 1 match was against an NA team), managed to earn a trip to the finals where they defeated Cognitive Gaming 2-0 in the best of three matchups.
The second match in the finals was a clear marker that Denial NA deserved their slot in the finals. After dealing with DDOSing issues in the first match, Denial subbed Gamehunter for Paindeviande. Kaeyoh was able to resolve his DDOS by going to Lassiz's (Team Dignitas) home (they live quite near each other). The solution worked well for both teams, as neither suffered a DDOS in the second match of the finals.
Whether it was Kaeyoh playing on an unfamiliar machine or the moral of the team after the first round DDOS, Cognitive gaming had an over all lackluster performance. In 40 minutes of play, Kaeyoh was the only member of Cognitive not killed six or seven times. While MLCst3alth did his best to carry (8/6/5) with 26,277 in payer damage, it could not compete with Macetodaface's Hebo who dealt 33,273 in player damage. MLC was the only player on his team to deal any structural damage, and Cognitive was never able to take any of Denial's towers. Macetodaface was channeling PonPon's luck today, as the squishy Hebo managed to escape death with 5hp multiple times (once while trapped in his own Odin's ring). Despite being in the EU playing with significant ping issues, Gamehunter once again demonstrated that his Apollo is a force to be feared finishing 7/1/11, with 4,490 in structure damage.
The first match was unfortunately marred by disconnects. Cognitive Kaeyoh was dced at level 7 and again at level 11, despite precautions taken to prevent DDOSing. Kaeyoh's Neith was the primary damage source for Cognitive (she went 1/0/2), and a surrender vote was passed at 24 minutes. Paindeviande was dced during the same match at level 15 and returned just in time to see the surrender.
The most unfortunate part of this entire tournament was the issues with DDOSing. Team Dignitas's Thebest was dced during their match against Cognitive Gaming. DenialEU lost Sprayarn, Trixtank, and QvoFred at one point (an issue they have been dealing with for the last 4 weeks of play), which certainly contributed to their loss against Denial NA. SK also dealt with a DDOS in the semi-finals. No one can be sure who is causing the DDOSing, but it certainly is ruining the quality and integrity of all Smite tournaments. No team likes to win a match that was 4v5, and no team likes to lose knowing they could have won with a full roster.
In full faith, here is where I tell you I am both a Denial and a Cognitive Gaming fan. I've grown to love the friendly competitive spirit in both the Denial EU and NA teams (even if Sprayarn does keep telling me I'm too heavy to play with), Kaeyoh has been my friend for years, and I Mattypocket somehow made me like him when he was subbing for Denial NA. For me, as a both a Smite fan and friend of players from several teams, the DDOSing issue is heartbreaking. I can only imagine how frustrated and angry each player must be while offline and franticly trying to restore a stable connection. I can't help, as I see the Twitch chat fly by, but want to defend those on each side. Those suffering from the down player must just try to play on, and those who still have all 5 men must also continue to play, no matter how cheapened the experience is for all of them. Here's hoping the DDOSer grows a conscience before this week's HiRez weekly, and we can have a fair outcome for the Wildcard slot for Gamescom. The inaugural Dignitas Smite Cup was wrought with issues for most teams. Denial NA, despite being seeded with EU teams (only their round 1 match was against an NA team), managed to earn a trip to the finals where they defeated Cognitive Gaming 2-0 in the best of three matchups.The second match in the finals was a clear marker that Denial NA deserved their slot in the finals. After dealing with DDOSing issues in the first match, Denial subbed Gamehunter for Paindeviande. Kaeyoh was able to resolve his DDOS by going to Lassiz's (Team Dignitas) home (they live quite near each other). The solution worked well for both teams, as neither suffered a DDOS in the second match of the finals.Whether it was Kaeyoh playing on an unfamiliar machine or the moral of the team after the first round DDOS, Cognitive gaming had an over all lackluster performance. In 40 minutes of play, Kaeyoh was the only member of Cognitive not killed six or seven times. While MLCst3alth did his best to carry (8/6/5) with 26,277 in payer damage, it could not compete with Macetodaface's Hebo who dealt 33,273 in player damage. MLC was the only player on his team to deal any structural damage, and Cognitive was never able to take any of Denial's towers. Macetodaface was channeling PonPon's luck today, as the squishy Hebo managed to escape death with 5hp multiple times (once while trapped in his own Odin's ring). Despite being in the EU playing with significant ping issues, Gamehunter once again demonstrated that his Apollo is a force to be feared finishing 7/1/11, with 4,490 in structure damage.The first match was unfortunately marred by disconnects. Cognitive Kaeyoh was dced at level 7 and again at level 11, despite precautions taken to prevent DDOSing. Kaeyoh's Neith was the primary damage source for Cognitive (she went 1/0/2), and a surrender vote was passed at 24 minutes. Paindeviande was dced during the same match at level 15 and returned just in time to see the surrender.The most unfortunate part of this entire tournament was the issues with DDOSing. Team Dignitas's Thebest was dced during their match against Cognitive Gaming. DenialEU lost Sprayarn, Trixtank, and QvoFred at one point (an issue they have been dealing with for the last 4 weeks of play), which certainly contributed to their loss against Denial NA. SK also dealt with a DDOS in the semi-finals. No one can be sure who is causing the DDOSing, but it certainly is ruining the quality and integrity of all Smite tournaments. No team likes to win a match that was 4v5, and no team likes to lose knowing they could have won with a full roster.In full faith, here is where I tell you I am both a Denial and a Cognitive Gaming fan. I've grown to love the friendly competitive spirit in both the Denial EU and NA teams (even if Sprayarn does keep telling me I'm too heavy to play with), Kaeyoh has been my friend for years, and I Mattypocket somehow made me like him when he was subbing for Denial NA. For me, as a both a Smite fan and friend of players from several teams, the DDOSing issue is heartbreaking. I can only imagine how frustrated and angry each player must be while offline and franticly trying to restore a stable connection. I can't help, as I see the Twitch chat fly by, but want to defend those on each side. Those suffering from the down player must just try to play on, and those who still have all 5 men must also continue to play, no matter how cheapened the experience is for all of them. Here's hoping the DDOSer grows a conscience before this week's HiRez weekly, and we can have a fair outcome for the Wildcard slot for Gamescom. Edited 2 time(s). Last edit by Ashyko , 1 month ago at 6:58 pm on Jul 26th.
Attack kills 120 Syrian forces
BEIRUT (AP)  Armed men killed 120 Syrian security forces and torched government buildings Monday in a northern region where troops have unleashed deadly assaults on protesters for days, Syria said. The government vowed to respond "decisively," hinting at an even more brutal crackdown by a regime known for ruthlessly crushing dissent.
If confirmed, the attack in the north would be a turning point in what so far has largely been a peaceful uprising threatening the 40-year rule of President Bashar Assad and his family.
Opposition activists were skeptical of the official casualty toll, saying the authorities were setting the stage for a new onslaught. But even they acknowledged there was fighting, although it was not clear who was involved.
Communications were cut to the area around Jisr al-Shughour on Monday and the details of the attack were impossible to verify, but there have been unconfirmed reports by activists and residents in the past of Syrians and even mutinous troops fighting back against security forces.
Adnan Mahmoud, the chief government spokesman, acknowledged that Syrian forces had lost control of some areas for "intermittent periods of time" and said residents had appealed to the army to do what was necessary to restore security.
"We will deal strongly and decisively, and according to the law, and we will not be silent about any armed attack that targets the security of the state and its citizens," said Interior Minister Ibrahim Shaar.
The surprisingly high death toll among pro-regime troops would suggest some sort of major lashback against the crackdown against the uprising — though by whom was unknown because of the seal over the area. Regardless of who carried out Monday's attack, it shows new cracks in a rule that has held out through weekly protests of thousands of people.
Human rights activist Mustafa Osso said there were unconfirmed reports of a few soldiers who switched sides and were defending themselves against attacking security forces, but he said the reports suggest the mutiny is limited and "does not pose a threat to the unity of the army yet."
"The protesters have so far been peaceful and unarmed," said Osso.
A Syrian activist speaking on condition of anonymity said there were unconfirmed reports of infighting between security forces. "The situation is very foggy, it is unclear who is doing the shooting, but the situation is very serious and appears to be getting out of control," he said on condition of anonymity.
He said there were fears the army was preparing a major attack.
Before Monday's killings, the government and some human rights groups have said more than 160 soldiers and security forces had died in the uprising. The latest deaths marked by far the deadliest single strike against them.
The government's unusual admission of the death toll and loss of control appeared to set the stage for an even stronger action to crush a popular uprising that began in mid-March and poses a potent threat to the Assad regime.
State television added the armed groups carried out a "real massacre," mutilating some bodies and throwing others in the Orontes River.
Jisr al-Shughour, about 12 miles (20 kilometers) from the Turkish border, has been the latest focus of Syria's military, whose nationwide crackdown on the revolt has left more than 1,200 Syrians dead, activists say. The town was a stronghold of the country's banned Muslim Brotherhood in the 1980s. Human rights groups said at least 42 civilians have been killed there since Saturday.
Syria's government has a history of violent retaliation against dissent, including a three-week bombing campaign against the city of Hama that crushed an uprising there in 1982. Jisr al-Shughour itself came under government shelling in 1980, with a reported 70 people killed.
Assad's decision to allow pro-Palestinian protesters to storm the Israeli border twice in recent weeks indicates he may be trying to deflect focus from a serious crisis at home, and possibly divert international attention from a new crackdown. State television broadly carried Sunday's protest at the Golan Heights to the south frontier, which left as many as 23 people dead in fighting with Israeli forces, but it has not carried any footage of the protest, crackdown or ambush at the northern edge of Syria.
Monday's state television report said the officers were ambushed as they responded to calls from residents for protection from the armed groups. It said 20 policemen were initially killed, and then the groups blew up a post office and attacked a security post, killing other forces.
The report said the armed groups were hiding in homes and firing at security forces and civilians alike, using residents as human shields.
The TV reports could not be independently confirmed. The Syrian government has severely restricted the media and expelled foreign reporters, making it nearly impossible to independently verify events.
Details of the operations in Jisr al-Shughour and nearby Khan Sheikhoun have been sketchy and attempts to reach residents of the town were unsuccessful.
Ahead of Monday's report, another activist said gunmen had successfully kept security forces out of the area, but he had no details. Fearing retaliation, the activist requested anonymity.
A prominent activist in touch with a resident of Jisr al-Shughour said: "There are dozens of people killed and they are a mix of civilians, police and security forces in the past 24 hours.
"There are reports that security forces took a beating and there is armed resistance keeping them on the edges of the town," he said.
Amnesty International criticized Syria's "brutal treatment of protesters" and called on the UN Security Council to condemn the killings and refer Syria to the International Criminal Court.
"Those responsible for the brutal crackdown of pro-reform protesters must no longer be allowed to get away with murder," Philip Luther, Amnesty's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa, said in a statement Monday.
Copyright 2011 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com
A former taxi driver who was illiterate until he was 53 said he lived in "constant fear" that someone would uncover the secret that he could not read or write.
A former taxi driver who was illiterate until he was 53 said he lived in "constant fear" that someone would uncover the secret that he could not read or write.
'You have this constant fear you'll be caught out' - Taxi driver who learned to read and write age 53
Cork man Tony Moloney (60) was recently diagnosed with reading disorder dyslexia and said his troubles began in primary school where he was one of the few people that slipped through the cracks in a large class of 57 children.
While Tony, who lives in Youghal, thrived at maths in secondary school, he continued to struggle with language, a problem which eventually hampered his career progression.
Upon leaving secondary school Tony applied for work at Pfizer in Cork but didn't make it through the second round of interviews due to doing poorly at the company's exams. He went on to take on an apprenticeship as a painter and decorator.
Former taxi driver Tony Moloney (60) learned to read at age 53
Later, Tony began to work as a taxi driver, but this job came with challenges as well, and the Cork man developed coping mechanisms in order to combat his inability to read and write.
Working as a driver, Tony was expected to jot down addresses and directions from the radio but as he couldn't write them down, he would record the messages on a dictaphone and play it back to himself. When it came to customer's names and addresses, he would memorise them to hide that he couldn't write them.
"I didn't realise at that stage that I could do anything about it, I thought I was alone."
"You think you're the only one who has a problem reading or writing, so you have this constant fear that you'll be caught out," he said.
Tony said he hid his secret from his children, he didn't want them to know out of embarrassment and while his wife knew, she never brought it up as an issue.
Seven years ago, Tony received a pamphlet advertising free computer classes in his local area and he decided to take on the new skill. It wasn't until he attended Youghal Adult Learning Centre that his difficulties were addressed. The tutor encouraged him to seek support through personal literacy classes.
After a year and a half of working with a personal tutor, Tony finally found the courage to join a group class with ten other adults.
"I couldn't believe it, my jaw was open for about an hour."
Now a literacy ambassador for NALA, Tony said if anything he's proud of himself for going back through education and sitting a FETAC Level 3 exam.
He feels that everyone who struggles with similar learning or literacy difficulties need to be aware that 1 in 6 Irish adults have some type of literacy difficulty and the only way to combat this is to try and enrol in an adult education.
"It made a different person out of me, the whole world has just opened up to me."
Online Editors
Anthony Wong, a Hong Kong-based pop star, once well-known as the lead singer of the duo, Tat Ming Pair, has come out as gay in front of thousands of fans during a concert.
Though Mr Wong's sexuality has been something of an open secret in the city's entertainment world, for a city that had its first gay pride parade in 2008, and even then attended only by around 1,000 participants, the announcement is seen as a significant move.
On the final night of a concert series at the Hong Kong Coliseum, he said: “People don't need to guess whether or not I'm a tongzhi [local slang for ‘gay'] anymore… I'm saying, I'm gay. I'm a homosexual. G-A-Y.”
He had been hinting words to that effect on YouTube videos, local media report, and understanding that that did not satisfy them, he said: “I'm sorry, members of the media. For the next 20 years, I'll keep singing songs, but you don't need to ask me this question any longer.”
The reception both in mainland China and in Hong Kong has been largely positive, though a few hoped that he won't suffer the same fate as the actor and singer, Leslie Cheung, who, during a bout of severe depression, jumped to his death from the twenty-fourth floor of the city's Mandarin Hotel.
Homosexuality still remains something of a taboo in the city. In a government survey in 2005, 39% of Hong Kong residents believed that homosexuality “contradict[ed] the morals of the community.” Last summer, the government hired a so-called ‘gay cure' expert, in an attempt to introduce ‘reparative therapy' for homosexuality. Local gay rights organisations have welcomed the move on Mr Wong's part as very positive.
Major League Soccer announced Wednesday the creation of a new mechanism to acquire talent, one that can help teams add star power without going over the allotted three Designated Player roster spots.
MLS's new Targeted Allocation Money mechanism is designed to incentivize teams to invest in a very strategic type of player, league executive vice president Todd Durbin told SI.com on Wednesday.
“We believe that one of the areas that we need to continue to invest and invest more in are players that are in that $450,000-to-$1 million range,” Durbin said in a phone interview. “We believe that that is going to have the most immediate and profound impact on the quality of play in the league.”
MLS will provide each team in the league immediate access to $100,000 per year for the next five seasons—a total of $10 million across the league—to “invest in their roster outside of the player salary budget.”
Any amount, up to the full $500,000, can be brought forward to sign a player immediately, but franchises must use their yearly allocation by the end of the next season.
This is to encourage teams to spend the money, but also to spend it in a way that meshes with their existing philosophies on where it would be best spent. Giving teams until the following year to spend the $100,000, Durbin said, balances the league's desire to see it spent with the kind of thought that should go into making investments in players.
As with traditional MLS allocation money, teams can also trade targeted allocation back and forth. If they don't want to spend it on a player, they can trade it to another team.
“There are three things that are all sort of working together,” Durbin said. “One is, you can go out and sign new players. Two is, you now have resources to keep important existing players that you might have lost overseas traditionally. And then, I think the third part about it … is that we've just injected $10 million into the system, and the money is tradable, so it's going to start to flow in the background efficiently.”
Players bought with targeted allocation money will earn more than the maximum league salary ($436,250 in 2015), but they will not be considered Designated Players. Targeted allocation money can be used to buy down a player's DP contract, but the club must then sign a new DP with an investment equal to or greater than the player he replaces.
It's also a mechanism of equal opportunity that further encourages MLS's model of parity among its franchises. While MLS teams must foot the bill for any DP contracts they sign, they all receive the same amount of targeted allocation money via the league budget.
“This was an area that everybody thought was [of] strategic importance,” Durbin said. “There's an equal collective investment, and every team has the same opportunity.”
This new rule came out of the collective bargaining agreement bartered between the league and MLS Players Union in March, which Durbin said he believes is still in the process of being ratified by the players. Simply raising the overall salary cap further wouldn't necessarily result in teams spending more in the range targeted allocation is meant for, but requiring them to spend this $100,000 per season should, he said.
“I think what the owners and the league believe is that we want to incentivize teams to spend in an area that we believe is of strategic importance,” Durbin said. “When you look at the way our rosters are put together, what we like to try to do is provide some sort of parameters around certain areas, but then try to give teams as much discretion as possible.”
The targeted-allocation mechanism had no exact structure until this past month, but because it grew out of the CBA negotiations, teams should have been aware for some time that additional money was on the way. As such, teams might already be in position to put the new mechanism to use via new player signings. Reports have suggested that the LA Galaxy, who already feature three DPs, could use the new method to acquire Mexico star Giovani dos Santos, adding him to a core that already features Robbie Keane, Steven Gerrard and Omar Gonzalez.
“One of the areas that we think we should be investing further in are players that we think are going to be difference-makers on the field—and immediate difference-makers on the field,” Durbin said. “We just put $10 million into the system to improve and add additional high-quality players into the league.”
Barrow 2 Dagenham & Redbridge 1: Corey Whitely goal not enough as Daggers are beaten by Bluebirds
Corey Whitely of Dagenham & Redbridge is congratulated after scoring the opening goal at Barrow (pic: David Simpson/TGS Photo) ©TGS Photo tgsphoto.co.uk +44 1376 553468
National League: Barrow 2 (Hughes 39p, Diarra 57) Dagenham & Redbridge 1 (Whitely 11)
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Liam Hughes of Barrow is congratulated after scoring a penalty against Dagenham & Redbridge (pic: David Simpson/TGS Photo) Liam Hughes of Barrow is congratulated after scoring a penalty against Dagenham & Redbridge (pic: David Simpson/TGS Photo)
Dagenham & Redbridge will not be looking over their shoulders in the race for the National League play-off places after a 2-1 loss at Barrow.
Daggers took the lead in bizarre circumstances at Holker Street with a Corey Whitely corner going all the way in, but were pegged back before the break.
The Essex club conceded a second midway through the second half, and though new signing Elliott Romain had an effort cleared off the line, Daggers could not level.
With Dover Athletic winning, it means Daggers are now just four points clear of the Kent club, who are sixth, with nine games to go.
Moussa Diarra of Barrow celebrates scoring the second goal against Dagenham & Redbridge (pic: David Simpson/TGS Photo) Moussa Diarra of Barrow celebrates scoring the second goal against Dagenham & Redbridge (pic: David Simpson/TGS Photo)
Having beaten Forest Green Rovers at home the previous weekend, Daggers elected to make no changes for the trip to Cumbria.
It meant Shaun Donnellan had recovered from the back spasm that forced him off at half time last week, while Romain was named on the bench after signing on Tuesday.
The former Eastbourne Borough man is said to be similar in style to Whitely, and may struggle to take his place in the squad after the ex-Enfield Town forward opened the scoring.
In just the 11th minute, Whitely whipped a corner in from the left so wicked that it took Bluebirds keeper Jon Flatt by surprise and went all the way in.
Dagenham & Redbridge manager John Still tells Shaun Tuton of Barrow what he thinks of him inciting Dagenham fans (pic: David Simpson/TGS Photo) Dagenham & Redbridge manager John Still tells Shaun Tuton of Barrow what he thinks of him inciting Dagenham fans (pic: David Simpson/TGS Photo)
However, with six minutes left in the half, Barrow were level when Liam Hughes scored a penalty after Craig Robson committed a foul in the box.
And just 12 minutes into the second half, Daggers were behind when Moussa Diarra headed home a free-kick.
In need of a goal, John Still brought on Romain for his debut, with the 25-year-old having netted 20 times for Eastbourne this season.
However, Romain was unable to score what would have been a vital goal for Daggers, seeing an effort agonisingly cleared off the line.
Dagenham & Redbridge players prevent Barrow players attacking them at the full-time whistle (pic: David Simpson/TGS Photo) Dagenham & Redbridge players prevent Barrow players attacking them at the full-time whistle (pic: David Simpson/TGS Photo)
That was the closest Daggers came to an equaliser, and they will have to dust themselves before the trip to Aldershot Town on Tuesday night.
Barrow (4-4-2): Flatt; Beeley, Diarra, Livesey, Wilmer-Anderton; Meikle, Turnbull, Harvey, Hughes (J Thomas 90+4); Bennett (Effiong 87), Tuton (Wright 90+3)
Subs: Platt, Panayiatou
Daggers (4-2-3-1): Justham; Sheppard, Doe, Donnellan, Widdowson; Boucaud, Robson; Maguire-Drew (Romain 61), Whitely, Okenabirhie (Staunton 79); Hawkins
Subs: Cousins, Raymond, Benson
Referee: Thomas Brammall
Attendance: 1,102 (including 59 Daggers fans)
Disclaimer: This author's views do not reflect the views of CoinBrief.
Analyzing the Analysts that are Analyzing the Bitcoin Price
The price of Bitcoin is dropping. Naturally, people want to know why and so they look to the Bitcoin news websites and subreddits for information. On these websites, there are people who claim to be Bitcoin trend analysts; these people look at graphs of Bitcoin prices, make trend lines, and then use these trend lines in their attempts to predict the future and prescribe action for Bitcoin enthusiasts. But these “analyses” are rarely reasonable and are almost never accurate in their predictions. This latest round of price drops has not brought any change to this community.
When the price first started falling from the $630-650 wall that was established last week, I saw one particular “analysis” that really agitated me. The price of Bitcoin had fallen from the $640s into the mid to high $630s within a timespan of two days– if I remember correctly. This person looked at the week-long price charts, stated that we were on a downward spiral in prices– claiming that we would return to the mid $400 price range– and encouraged all of his readers to sell, sell, sell! He said that they should sell everything and buy back in when the price found a floor so they could profit even more once the price went back up. At the bottom of the article there was a disclaimer; it stated that he was heavily invested in Bitcoin. So, there is no need to speculate on why he wanted everyone to sell, which would drive the price down further! If we did return to a price of approximately $400, lots of people would buy in and the price would skyrocket once more, and this man would have made huge returns on his investment. He must be in a pretty deep hole with his Bitcoin investment if he is using his position as an “analyst” to make attempts to manipulate the market to his favor. Setting aside the purely untenable methodology this man used in his analysis, I am appalled that a person would so unabashedly abuse his position as a writer at a decent-sized Bitcoin website to make an attempt to tip the scales in the direction he desires. I personally do not pay any attention to any of these so-called “analysts” for these very reasons; extremely flawed methodology and questionable motives definitely do not make for trustworthy financial advice.
Bad economics and intellectual dishonesty will have to be stopped if Bitcoin market analysis is to become a legitimate source of information for Bitcoin investors and enthusiasts. Most of the people conducting these trend analyses ignore the core tenets of the general economic theory. They do not consider human action, causality, and their logical conclusions when drawing these trend lines and extending them far into the future. They mainly adhere to the positivist philosophy of economics and rely solely upon statistical models and equations that only have relevance within the realm of the evenly rotating economy, a theoretical economic state whose conditions carry no weight in the real world. I discussed the importance of causality in a previous article and showed how a simple causal connection between the human desire for leisure time and the occurrence of a major national holiday produced a few days of stagnant trading on the Bitcoin markets.
A More Logical Reason For the Bitcoin Price Drop
Since I am on the topic of causality and its place in economic methodology, allow me to offer my own opinion on why the price has been dropping. We saw a huge spike in the price of Bitcoin immediately following the announcement by Dish Network that they would be accepting Bitcoin as a viable means of payments for their services. This jump in prices accelerated an already established upward trend in the value of Bitcoin, which occurred as a result of a steady stream of good news in the Bitcoin community. Now, let us take this information and apply it to a more recent event that is seemingly unrelated to Bitcoin, by doing this I think that we will gain some valuable insight about the cause of the currently declining price of Bitcoin. For the past two or three days, the news has been covering a rapidly declining state of affairs in Iraq. An extremely radical offshoot of Al-Qaeda has captured several cities in Iraq and is reportedly closing in on Baghdad. In response to this activity, President Obama announced that taking the US military back into Iraq to fight off these insurgents is not out of the question. The stock market reacted very negatively to this news; today(June 12, 2014), the Dow Jones Industrial closed down 109.7 points. Now, with this information in mind, we can look at the substantial decline in the price of Bitcoin with a little more clarity. It seems as though the Bitcoin markets are fluctuating concomitantly with the stock market, which usually does not happen. From this, we can conclude that the Dish announcement brought in some mainstream stock market players, and now they are selling bitcoins just as they are selling stocks. Combine that datum with the recent fear over Ghash.io coming close to attaining 51% hashing power, and we get a pretty reasonable hypothesis for the cause of the falling Bitcoin price that has been happening over the past few days.
I am not saying that there are no individuals out there who employ sound methodology when conducting trend analyses, I just have not seen any yet. I have never seen anyone adequately employ reasonable economic thinking when they draw their trend lines, they merely run some numbers, draw a line on the chart, and make a prediction for the long-term future based on the assumption that all the factors determining the price of Bitcoin will remain equal. The Bitcoin community could definitely use a dose of professionalism and sound, logical economic theory. Sure, the guy I talked about in this article has been right so far, the price of Bitcoin is still falling as I type these final words. But that does not absolve him from the painfully erroneous methodology employed in his analysis; a broken clock is still right twice a day. There is no telling when this decline in price will stop. I believe that the price will flatten out once all the mainstream traders who came in because of the Dish announcement stop selling and the news calms down about Iraq. Plus, as one of our writers said, it seems unlikely that a 51% attack will occur even if Ghash does achieve 51% hashing power. Per the reality of causal relations, a volatile political and economic climate produces volatile fluctuations in the value of anything being traded, this is a very valuable lesson the Bitcoin community should absorb and consider when conducting trend analyses in the future.
With strong echoes of the tensions between the entertainment and tech sectors at the height of war over the Stop Online Piracy Act, a group of leading tech companies is interjecting its opinions in a piracy lawsuit being handled by the Motion Picture Association of America.
Two weeks ago, Paramount, Warner Bros., 20th Century Fox, Columbia Pictures, Universal and Disney sued the anonymous operators of various MovieTube websites. The film companies aimed to do something about illegal streaming sites offering films like Avengers: Age of Ultron ahead of theatrical release.
But was the lawsuit a Trojan horse for grander ambitions? The lawsuit not only aimed to shut down the pirates, but also sought a broad injunction that would order "third-party service providers [to] cease providing services" to those same sites.
Now, Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Twitter and Tumblr are asking a judge's permission to file an amicus ("friend of the court") brief. It's super rare to have one lodged this early in litigation, but the tech companies believe it is warranted.
"Amici recognize the vital importance of combating infringement on the Internet, and they work with rightsholders, including Plaintiffs themselves, to address those issues on a daily basis," states the brief arguing against an injunction. "But in pursuing the Defendants here, and attempting to resurrect the defeated Stop Online Piracy Act, H.R. 3261 (“SOPA”), Plaintiffs disregard established limits on judicial power and the careful balance that Congress has struck between the rights of online service providers and copyright owners. Those protections cannot be swept aside so readily. Plaintiffs do not need, and should not be allowed, to '[c]ut a great road through the law to get after the Devil[.]'"
As pointed out in our last story on this topic, although much of the MPAA's lawsuit over MovieTube is fairly uncontroversial, there is an aspect that deals with injunctive relief directed at third parties. The tech companies are objecting to what they see as the studios' "breathtakingly broad" efforts to ensure the cooperation of web-hosting providers, digital advertising service providers, social media services and others in getting rid of MovieTube sites. "It is no exaggeration to say that such an injunction would bind the entire Internet," argues the amici.
The Stop Online Piracy Act triggered controversy in large part due to measures making it easier to block traffic to blacklisted piracy websites. Lawmakers backed off on passage in the wake of fervent opposition led by the digital vanguard.
Afterward, the entertainment industry began to examine other ways to step up its anti-piracy campaign. Site blocking was part of the discussion — and inroads on this front were made overseas — but inside the U.S., the MPAA's own lawyers were warning how the safe harbor provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act as well as Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 65 could make it difficult to get an injunction on "non-parties in a lawsuit without proof that the nonparty was acting in concert with the defendant."
The MPAA believes there's a difference between the kind of site blocking that is happening in the U.K. and the kind of injunctive relief that's at issue here in the MovieTube case.
But the tech companies still believe that the MPAA can't dance around the imposed limitations. "As nonparties to this case, the Neutral Service Providers cannot be bound by an injunction unless they are shown to be working 'in active concert or participation' with Defendants," write the tech companies.
And these tech giants hardly see themselves in "active concert" with the MovieTube sites. They analogize their relationship to these pirates as "a utility company providing electricity to an infringing business, or the postal service carrying copies of infringing materials through the mails."
The brief has other goals. One is to undercut the legal citations that the MPAA is relying upon in its aim of getting a broad injunction. Another goal is to prop up the safe harbors from copyright liability as dictated by the DMCA. Finally, the tech companies also want to make sure that the MPAA doesn't manage to sneak in the Writs Act as the mechanism by which a judge empowers an injunction.
In their memo supporting injunctive relief, the film studios didn't spend much more than a couple of lines on All Writs Act, which was enacted in 1789 and gave the judicial branch fairly broad powers in advance of preserving jurisdiction. Although the Writs Act was only briefly mentioned in support of an injunction, it's been under discussion at the MPAA for months, according to documents exposed in the Sony hack.
Now, the tech companies spend several pages addressing the Writs Act, arguing, "Plaintiffs' reliance on the Writs Act is especially problematic because it seeks to duplicate the broad authority that Congress considered, but ultimately abandoned, in the ill-fated 2012 SOPA proposal."
Here's the entire amicus brief authored by Brian Willen and Jason Mollick at Wilson Sonsini.
Day six...
I hate injustice. How sweet it would be to right all the wrongs in this world. How sweet it would be to make all the guilty pay. If it were up to me, I would….
But thank God it's not up to me. Otherwise, God would have had to write about a third of the New Testament through someone other than Paul, because I would have taken Paul out when he was persecuting Christians. I would have taken out a bunch of people in history who ended up making great contributions to the world.
We don't get to judge (in the way we would like to judge), because we can't handle it. We would just botch things up. We would destroy lives worth saving. We would pass judgment on people who still had potential.
To refuse to forgive is essentially reserving the right to condemn. When I refuse to forgive someone, I am reserving my right to execute judgment against him or her at some point in the future. But I don't have the ability to judge fairly because I don't have the right to condemn.
When I hang on to unforgiveness toward another person, I am essentially waiting for a moment in time when I can make that person pay, or when I can watch someone else make him or her pay. I am not concerned about justice from the perspective of all parties concerned; I am only concerned about justice from my perspective.
Please note: Christians do have a right and a responsibility to judge other people. (See John 7:24, Matthew 7:1–5, 1 Corinthians 6:1–8.) But this kind of judgment has no pleasure in it. This kind of judgment is like correcting your child when you would rather be loving on him or her. This kind of judgment is like disciplining an employee or a subordinate who is otherwise great at his or her job. The kind of judgment we are called by the Lord to execute is concerned about restoration—not retribution.
The kind of judgment inspired by unforgiveness is about retribution. It always wants to destroy. It smells of condemnation. It sits in front of the newscast and cheers on as the crooked politician is escorted out of the building in handcuffs. It smiles at hearing bad news about the ex‐husband or the ex‐wife. It finds satisfaction when the high‐and‐mighty preacher gets busted for cheating. It rejoices when the dead‐beat cousin has his car repossessed.
God just can't have us trying to judge the folks we can't forgive. Unforgiveness taints the judging process, and turns it all into a condemnation free‐for‐all.
Can you imagine every Christian in your community having the social and the spiritual authority to pass judgment on their enemies? You're talking anarchy—major anarchy. I believe this is why God is so strong when He says things like:
But if you do not forgive men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses. (Matthew 6:15 NKJV)
From our discussion yesterday, it's very clear that we don't get forgiveness until we give forgiveness. But please try to stay away from questions like: “Am I saved if I hold unforgiveness against someone?” To forgive another person does not make us worthy of salvation; it makes us aware of His goodness.
I just think we are on dangerous ground when our focus is on our eternal security rather than the Lord and Savior who makes it possible. To me, excessive focus on the state of our eternal affairs indicates a neglect of our current state of affairs with God. It's sort of like visiting the rich relative just to find out how our inheritance is performing.
If we are to ever understand the power of the Cross we have to understand that there is no place in God's economy for unforgiveness. Unforgiveness takes pleasure in the death of the wicked. God does not.
As surely as I live, says the Sovereign LORD, I take no pleasure in the death of wicked people. I only want them to turn from their wicked ways so they can live. Turn! Turn from your wickedness, O people of Israel! Why should you die? (Ezekiel 33:11 NLT)
If anybody ever had a right to hold a grudge, it would be the Sovereign LORD. Nobody's ever done to us what they've done to Him. And yet He only wants those who are against Him to turn from their wicked ways so they can live. That should immediately kill our unforgiving nature once and for all.
The Father Himself has given judgment over to the Son.
The Father judges no one, but has given all judgment to the Son, that all may honor the Son, just as they honor the Father. Whoever does not honor the Son does not honor the Father who sent him. Truly, truly, I say to you, whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life. He does not come into judgment, but has passed from death to life. (John 5:22–24 ESV)
We honor the Son by leaving the judgment to Him. We honor the Son by forgiving others in the same manner He has forgiven us. We honor the Son by seeking restoration of people whenever and wherever possible.
I have come as a light to shine in this dark world, so that all who put their trust in me will no longer remain in the dark. I will not judge those who hear me but don't obey me, for I have come to save the world and not to judge it. But all who reject me and my message will be judged on the day of judgment by the truth I have spoken. I don't speak on my own authority. The Father who sent me has commanded me what to say and how to say it. And I know his commands lead to eternal life; so I say whatever the Father tells me to say. (John 12:46–50 NLT)
May we grieve with Jesus over those who reject Him and His message. May we encourage those who deserve judgment to come out of the dark by putting their trust in Jesus.
Forgiveness… maybe, just maybe, the most powerful and empowering force on the planet.
Have a good day,
Mike
–––––––—
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
“Wages are very important because of course they help people live and provide for their families,” said Herbert Gans, an emeritus professor of sociology at Columbia. “But what social values can do is say that unemployment isn't just losing wages, it's losing dignity and self-respect and a feeling of usefulness and all the things that make human beings happy and able to function.”
That seems to be doubly true in the United States. For example, Ofer Sharone, a sociologist at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, studied unemployed white-collar workers and found that in the United States, his subjects viewed their ability to land a job as a personal reflection of their self-worth rather than as an arbitrary matter. They therefore took rejection hard, blaming themselves and in many cases giving up looking for work. In contrast, in Israel similar unemployed workers viewed getting a job as more like winning a lottery, and were less discouraged by rejection.
It seems plausible that this helps explain why so many Americans who lost jobs in the 2008 recession have never returned to the labor force despite an improved job market. Mr. Sharone is working with career counselors to explore how to put this finding to work to help the long-term unemployed.
Jennifer M. Silva of Bucknell University has in recent years studied young working-class adults and found a profound sense of economic insecurity in which the traditional markers of reaching adulthood — buying a house, marrying, landing a steady job — feel out of reach.
Put those lessons together, and you may think that the economic nostalgia that fueled Donald J. Trump's presidential campaign was not so much about the loss of income from vanishing manufacturing jobs. Rather, it may be that the industrial economy offered blue-collar men a sense of identity and purpose that the modern service economy doesn't.
Sociology also offers important lessons about poverty that economics alone does not. “Evicted,” a much-heralded book by the Harvard sociologist Matthew Desmond, shows how the ever-present risk of losing a home breeds an insecurity and despondency among poor Americans.
It works against the tendency to think about housing policy as solely a matter of which subsidy goes to whom and what incentives ought to be in place to encourage banks to lend in poor neighborhoods. All that stuff is important, of course, but doesn't really address the overwhelming challenge of insecurity that affects millions of people.
Fall Out Boy have posted a message about their album pre-orders to fans. Check out updated details below by clicking “Read More.”
Related Stories:
Fall Out Boy Possible Track Listing, Guest Appearances
Fall Out Boy ‘Save Rock And Roll' Album Cover
Fall Out Boy Address Fans Pitting Members Against Each Other, Negative Album Art Reaction
Wanted to give an update on preorders. Moving up the street date up almost a month was something we were very excited to do but it's been tricky to get all our physical goods made in time for the new street date. We're still going to get the music to you early - on 4/16 at Midnight EST everyone who preordered will get a link to download the album. For anyone who ordered the album on vinyl, we're going to get you those packages as close to April 16 as possible. The label / pressing plant are rushing to do it as quickly as possible. You'll have everything by the original street date of May 7th the latest though.
Thanks,
Fall Out Boy
Ps - we added a little something special into every order as way to say thanks for your support.
DANBURY, Conn. (AP) — A 17-year-old boy has been named prom queen at his Connecticut high school and says he's making a point about gender labeling and discrimination.
Nasir Fleming won the Danbury High School title last week. He was nominated as prom king and prom queen but decided to be considered only for queen.
Fleming tells the News Times newspaper he's been openly gay since sixth grade and has struggled with bullying. He says he isn't sure whether the students who submitted his name were making fun of his sexuality but decided it was a good opportunity to make a point about the importance of being who you are.
He says either way he's "still fabulous."
Fleming says students at the prom were supportive and erupted in cheers when he won.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/05/28/male-prom-queen/9700133/
this t-shirt is what separates good trolls from great trolls, and I will explain why. people who work in graphic design are overwhelmingly likely to be liberal, and have strong opinions on fonts and art and music. this is well-known. this is so true that you'll have 85 democrats for every 15 republicans in graphic design. (verdantlabs has a "politics of professions" chart you can google to confirm.) people with strong political opinions (including liberal ones) are *also* more likely to lump all the things they dislike together, such as nickelback and microsoft, or whatever. this is more true the stronger their political views are. in other words: liberals are overwhelmingly likely to make some "WHO 2 DEFRIEND" update that's just a link to your friends page sorted by who likes whatever is taboo. joe rogan? I don't know. so here's why I am amazing at this. a normal troll would just make a Donald Trump t-shirt. a better troll would make a t-shirt blending Donald Trump and nickelback -- but that's too coincidental and obviously a joke. no, I have gone beyond all of that. I have made a t-shirt that hits at poe's law, in that it looks organized enough that you could imagine a normal person wearing it, BUT it's made out of comic sans. it's also not a new design. it mimics the design of bernie sander's logo, but is deliberately shittier. put that in perspective. the liberal viewing this has to sincerely and earnestly entertain the idea that comic sans and Donald Trump are teaming up in one t-shirt unironically. they know it reminds them of something they like, and they don't know that this is happening. they just feel rage. EVEN IF they know that my shirt is ironic, they have to live with the possibility that lots of people are wearing the shirt UNironically, endorsing Donald Trump and comic sans simultaneously out of the sincerity of their hearts. all my prey feels is blind hatred. white hatred. and they don't know why. and I am empowered and enthralled by every morsel of their anguish. I have become donald the stumper of chumps
Building a Quality Lens Kit on a Budget
Maximizing value and performance without breaking the bank
By carpents in Gear Guides on Jan 12, 2015
The holidays are over, and you have a lovely new Pentax DSLR likely matched with the respectable 18-55mm or 18-135mm WR kit lens. If you're like so many other Pentaxians, you'll soon start thinking about your lens upgrade path.
With literally millions of lenses made for the Pentax K mount since the 1970s, there is a perfect Pentax kit waiting for almost everyone. But those millions of lenses can be daunting when deciding what to buy, and this series is intended to help lay out a strategy for building a coherent kit to compliment your style.
This Perfect Kit is for the budget-minded shooter who wants high-quality all-around coverage. If you can't fathom spending more on a lens than you did on your camera; if you're a starving artist or college student; or, if you're simply a bang-for-buck person, then these lenses are for you.
One quick note: we'll only be focusing on lenses that provide long-term value and good image quality rather simply trying to find the absolute cheapest products available. If you're on the hunt for bargain-basement legacy glass, we'll be covering it separetely.
Now, without further ado, read on for the guide!
Our Lens Recommendation Criteria
The Perfect Budget Pentax Lens Kit must meet the following criteria:
All lenses must provide long-term value, i.e. not just temporary or 'step-up' lenses.
The kit must cover an array of shooting styles.
Lenses must be relatively easy to find. This precludes many manual focus lenses despite them being great bargains!
Each lens must offer something more than the 18-55mm or 18-135mm 'kit' lenses.
Sigma 10-20mm f/4-5.6 EX DC J, $399.
What it offers:
Ultra-wide, sharp landscape or architectural shooting.
After a recent price drop, the Sigma 10-20mm offers a great landscape/architectural value. Offering excellent center sharpness across its range, the Sigma competes with higher-priced lenses by f/8, and with the exception of the extreme edges at 10mm is relatively aberration-free. It isn't lightweight at just over a pound, but compared to other ultra-wides it is fairly compact and allows threaded filters.
→ PF comparative review of the Sigma 10-20mm here.
Also consider:
Pentax HD Pentax DA 15mm f/4 ED AL Limited, $547.
For those who prefer working with prime lenses, the DA 15mm Limited is nearly a third the weight or volume of the Sigma and has a cult-like following. If portability is more important than zooming flexibility, the Limited is a better option.
The DA 15mm Limited also uses less expensive 49mm filters, matching many other Pentax lenses, so the higher price for the Pentax could be offset somewhat.
→ PF in-depth review of the DA 15mm Limited.
Pentax SMC DA 35mm f/2.4 AL, $146.
What it offers:
Excellent sharpness from center to edge, nicely rendered out-of-focus elements, lightweight and small.
The inexpensive and lightweight DA 35/2.4 may have skimped on metal but not on glass. The result is a sharp lens at all apertures, with low distortion and minimal aberrations, comparing favorably to the much more expensive FA 35/2 and even the venerable FA 31/1.8 Limited.
→ PF in-depth review of the DA 35mm f/2.4.
Also consider:
Pentax SMC DA 40mm f/2.8 XS, $222.
As small and light as a lens cap, the DA 40 XS offers excellent optics in a unique form factor.
→ PF comparitive review of the XS 40mm.
Pentax SMC DA 50mm f/1.8, $147
What it offers:
Low light shooting options, portrait subject separation, lightweight and small.
Some will refer to the DA 50/1.8 as a 'beginner' lens, but in actuality it is just as good or better than other Pentax normal lenses. In the PentaxForums comparison to two venerable lenses, the FA 50/1.4 and 50/2.8 Macro, the DA 50/1.8 comes out on top. It currently costs and weighs half as much or less than the older FA lenses, and the modern design and coating offers sharp photos and pleasant out-of-focus rendering.
One disappointing design aspect of the DA 50/1.8 is the 52mm filter threads rather than the typical Pentax 49mm ones, which limits cross usage with other primes.
Also consider:
SMC Pentax-A 50mm f/1.4, $114 (used).
Sharing optics relatively unchanged from the 1960s Super-Takumar to the modern FA series, the Pentax 50/1.4 lenses have always been a good value. Offering dreamy rendering wide open but sharpening nicely by stopping down a few stops, the manual focus variants offer lower prices but the A version still has aperture control on modern cameras.
See the PF user reviews of the A 50mm f/1.4.
Sigma 17-70mm f/2.8-4 DC Macro HSM (Contemporary), $499.
What it offers:
Ultra-wide to telephoto zoom range, good sharpness, decent close focusing, relatively fast aperture range.
The Sigma 17-70mm offers a step-up from the 'kit' lenses in performance and offers up to a full stop faster aperture at the long end. Summarized in the PentaxForums comparison, it offers fast, silent auto focus and lower chromatic aberrations than the Pentax variant. The only reason not to step up from the standard Pentax kit lens is the Pentax DA 18-55 WR's weather sealing.
→ PF review of the Sigma 17-70mm.
Also consider:
Sigma 70mm f/2.8 EX DG Macro, $459.
Another consideration would be to keep the 18-55 WR for its weather sealing and add a short telephoto macro lens like the Sigma 70/2.8. Offering full 1:1 reproduction, the Sigma offers a sharp and low distortion solution for excellent macro shooting.
Pentax HD DA 70mm f/2.4 Limited, $499.
For US-based prime shooters, the Pentax 70mm Limited offers an excellent short-telephoto option. It is just as good as the revered FA 77mm Limited but less expensive, smaller, and lighter. Unfortunately, the current bargain price is for US-only shooters.
→ PF comparative review of the DA 70mm Limited.
Bargain Telephoto Options
Unfortunately there aren't great bargain options for telephoto shooters. The Tamron 70-200mm f/2.8 stands as a good choice for its excellent optics and constant f/2.8 aperture, but at over $700 this is only a bargain to a sports shooter. The much more expensive DA* 50-135mm f/2.8 or the excellent DA* 60-250mm f/4 appeal likewise to a dedicated telephoto shooter only.
There are many Pentax shooters who are looking for a high-quality bargain telelphoto, perhaps competing with the 70-200mm f/4 offerings from other manufacturers.
Also consider:
Pentax HD DA 55-300 f/4-5.8 ED WR, $347.
For the shooter who absolutely requires reach to 300mm, the HD DA 55-300mm is currently the best bargain. It won't be your lens of choice for the sideline of a pro sports event, but those shooters will likely consider a different price point anyway.
→ PF review of the HD DA 55-300mm.
Conclusion
Pentax has a long history of offering excellent bargains with its optics. Along with excellent third-party options, Pentax is continuing that legacy.
Budget Kit #1 - Super-wide angle and choice primes
Just a few additions to the decent Pentax 18-55mm or 18-135mm lenses will make a lasting kit, for just $692:
Sigma 10-20mm f/4-5.6, $399
Pentax DA 35mm f/2.4, $146
Pentax DA 50mm f/1.8, $147
Budget Kit #2 - Zooms from 10mm - 300mm
Those who prefer zoom lenses can put together a perfect kit for $1,245:
Sigma 10-20mm f/4-5.6, $399
Sigma 17-70mm f/2.8-4, $499
Pentax HD DA 55-300 f/4-5.8, $347
Budget Kit #3 - Primes from 15mm - 70mm plus macro
Those who prefer prime lenses, including a 1:1 macro, have options for $1,299:
Pentax HD DA 15mm f/4 Limited, $547
Pentax DA 35mm f/2.4, $146
Pentax DA 50mm f/1.8, $147
Sigma 70mm f/2.8 EX DG Macro, $459
The above lenses will accommodate the most discerning photographer. You would be hard pressed to find better kits for less, and importantly for the bargain hunter, these kits would compete with others costing twice as much.
If you have your own kit ideas or would like to build on our recommendations, feel free to post your thoughts in the comments section below.
Disclaimer: the prices in this article reflect US retail pricing for new products from US authorized dealers as of January, 2015. Some lenses listed are currently on sale. Prices are always subject to change and may increase or fluctuate in the future.
The Bitcoin Investment Trust is an open-ended grantor trust based in the U.S., sponsored by Grayscale Investments. Trading under the ticker GBTC, it is invested exclusively in bitcoin and derives its value solely from the price of bitcoin. According to its prospectus, the Trust's objective is for the NAV per share to track bitcoin's market price...
However, as the chart below shows, while NAV is not far off the price of Bitcoin (multiply the Trust's NAV by 10), the actual traded price of the trust has exploded... to a premium of over 100% in recent days - a record...
GBTC now has a market cap of almost $750 million and offers (for those who can find a borrow) perhaps the greatest bitcoin arbitrage of all time with GBTC trading at a stunning $2000 premium to the underlying Bitcoin it is supposed to track...
As Chris at Capital Exploits previously noted, in any other market on this planet, were we to have an asset priced at one level in one place and an entirely different price some other place, the price discrepancy wouldn't last very long.
Traders would buy the asset where it is cheaper while simultaneously selling the asset where it is more expensive and pocketing the difference. Something also known as an arbitrage. Arbitrage opportunities exist in public markets all the time but the discrepancies are typically extremely small and even more so with higher liquidity. It's also pretty rare for them to last for any real length of time. Years ago I worked with traders whose sole focus was on arbitrage trading but today algorithmic trading trading has almost eliminated these opportunities and jobs. Bitcoin's market cap is now over $37 billion so it can no longer be considered “illiquid”.
We herefore humbly ask any of the Joe Sixpacks out there who've invested in this Bitcoin Trust to provide me a borrow as shorting it is not currently available.
Take another look at the above chart and tell me you, too, wouldn't want to arbitrage this anomaly?
Mead is a fermented beverage made purely from honey. It is not beer or wine. As a result, mead making follows a completely different set of rules from wine or beer making.
The purpose of this article is to teach you how to make delicious mead using current techniques. In the past, mead has been characterized as taking a year or more to ferment. After the year was up, the resulting mead tasted something like kerosene due to fusel alcohols. Several years of aging later, you might be able to drink it!
Image courtesy of Walshy87
No more. With the current understanding of fermentation requirements, there is no reason why fermentation shouldn't be complete in 7-14 days. Fast, clean, healthy fermentations are the key to mead that is drinkable quickly. How quick to drinkable largely depends on the yeast you use. Wine yeast-based meads tend to be on the order of 6+ months while ale yeast can be quite tasty in a few months. Some extreme cases like my Bray's One Month Mead are drinkable in a month!
First, I'll give an explanation of mead ingredients. Second, I'll run through an example recipe that uses current techniques as well as how these techniques work toward making your mead better, faster. Next, I'll cover current and past practices that we now know are detrimental. I'll close with a Tips and Tricks section that answers a lot of the questions I see asked repeatedly in the forums.
Ingredients
1. Honey
Quality in, quality out. The common mantra is to find local honey and use it. Try a nearby farmers market for local beekeepers. Local honey is great, but your area may not have some of the very nice varietal honeys that mead makers seek. For many varietal honeys, you will need to use online resources to locate hard to find honey varietals and good pricing.
What kind of honey to use? Many varietal honeys make excellent mead. The following varieties vary from common to obscure: clover, wildflower, sourwood, tupelo, meadowfoam, and many more. A good crowd pleasing honey for traditional mead is orange blossom honey. Clover honey is great for spiced meads because its mild character allows the spices to come through. Finding these types of honey at good prices per pound largely means either finding a local beekeeper or searching the internet for beekeeper sites. Once you decide to make mead, buy honey in bulk!
Dragon Horn Mead Photo Courtesy of Sollozzo
There are a few things to understand about honey as an ingredient. Honey is extremely nutrient deficient. Mead made only with honey, water, and yeast will ferment, but often stalls before fermentation is complete and will produce copious amounts of fusel alcohols. Nutrient deficiency is one of the more common stresses for yeast that lead to stalled ferments and fusel production. Let's avoid this by adding…
2. Nutrients
As stated above, nutrients are critical to yeast health. Keep your yeast happy to prevent fusel production and stalled ferments. To keep your yeast happy, you must add nutrients at appropriate times in the ferment. This necessitates a staggered addition of nutrient at points when the yeast requires them. Nutrients are generally added upfront, at 2/3 and 1/3 your starting gravity (SG).
The first nutrient to add is Fermaid K. Fermaid K has diammonium phosphate (DAP), minerals, vitamins and trace nutrients. Alone, Fermaid K does not have enough DAP to fully supplement the nitrogen deficient honey. You must add additional DAP in pure form to reach the free nitrogen levels your yeast require.
The last addition is potassium carbonate (K2CO3). K2CO3 buffers the fermentation and prevent stalling due to low pH (less than 3). As a bonus, potassium is a deficient mineral in honey that K2CO3 supplies. Potassium bicarbonate (KHCO3) is interchangeable for this purpose.
3. Spring Water
NOT distilled water. Spring water has trace minerals that yeast need. Distilled water is essentially free of all mineral content. While nutrient can replace some minerals, they likely will not provide everything needed. Spring water helps supplement further.
4. Yeast
Yeast is the single biggest choice you have as a mazer. Different yeast impart very strong to very minimal character through ester profiles. You must decide what yeast you like best. Here are some suggestions based on end product:
Neutral wine-like character
-EC-1118, DV10, Wyeast Dry Mead
-EC-1118, DV10, Wyeast Dry Mead Estery wine-like character
-KIV-1116, 71B-1122
-KIV-1116, 71B-1122 Beer-like character
US-05, S-33, Nottingham
US-05, S-33, Nottingham Bray's One Month Mead (BOMM) (Fast!)
Wyeast 1388
Image courtesy of bodhi86
I see a lot of confusion on the forums about yeast for sweet and dry mead. Yeast do not determine dry or sweet mead. The amount of honey added combined with the alcohol tolerance of your yeast determines how a dry or sweet mead finishes. For instance, mead with a SG of 1.100 would make a 13.1% ABV mead if the yeast drops the gravity to 1.000. If your yeast has an ABV tolerance of 12%, then the mead would stop at ~1.010. Keep in mind that published yeast ABV tolerance is more of a ballpark number than an absolute value. Depending on good/bad conditions, yeast may blow past published tolerance or stop before it's hit. I see the latter a lot because I keep my yeast happy!
Ingredients are now covered. Now to put them to good use:
Basic Traditional Mead – 1 gallon
Day 0 – Must Creation
Note: You must sanitize everything that comes into contact with your mead ingredients!
Start with 2-3.5 lbs of honey, Fermaid K, DAP, K2CO3 (or KHCO3), and a gallon jug of spring water. I'm lazy, so I just ferment directly in the jug. It also means one less thing I have sanitized! Here is my process:
1. Remove 1/2 cup of water to compensate for the yeast you will add later. This water can be used for rehydration if you are using dry yeast.
2. Draw a line at the current water level.
3. Remove the volume of water your honey will displace. For reference, honey weighs 0.75 pounds per cup. Example: If you are adding 3 pounds of honey, then remove 4 cups of water.
4. Add honey back to the line you drew in step 2. You can also add by weight if you have a scale handy.
5. Add 1/4 tsp of K2CO3 or KHCO3. This is a one time, upfront addition to keep the pH buffered and provide K+.
6. Add 1/4 tsp DAP and 1/2 tsp Fermaid K. This same amount of nutrient will be added two additional times. When? It depends on your SG. Let's say your SG is 1.099. You would add at the very beginning (1.099), at 2/3 sugar break (1.066), and 1/3 sugar break (1.033). Just divide your SG into thirds.
7. Now you cap and shake to both mix the honey into solution and get some oxygen into the must. This will take a while. Be sure no honey settles out when you stop. If all the honey isn't dissolved, you will get an erroneously low gravity reading.
8. Add prepared yeast. If it is a Wyeast smack pack, smack the nutrient sack and let the pack expand for 2 hours. If it is dry yeast, rehydrate the yeast in 1/2 cup of warm water for 15 minutes (Use the 1/2 cup of water you took out at step 1). It is better to rehydrate with GoFerm if you have it. I simply mix in 1/2 tsp of GoFerm into the 1/2 cup of water before sprinkling the yeast on top.
9. Take a gravity reading. I simply drop a sanitized hydrometer directly in the jug!
10. Add an airlock or a pin-pricked balloon. No water is necessary for the first week unless you are concerned about flies.
Day 1-14 Fermentation Management
There are few things you need to do for the first week or so:
1. Gently swirl without the airlock once a day for the first week or so. What does this do? First, it stirs the yeast off the bottom to keep them from getting lazy (read “make more alcohol”). Second, it adds some oxygen into the must which is good for the yeast early in fermentation. Third, it removes some CO2 gas from solution that both drops the pH and prevents the yeast from flocculating.
2. Don't forget to add the staggered nutrients from step 6! More importantly, be sure to swirl first, then add the nutrients SLOWLY while the jug is in the sink. Ever seen a science fair volcano blow up? Same thing will happen if you aren't careful adding the nutrients. By the way, this explosion is called a Mead Explosion Accident (MEA). It is a mazer's rite of passage.
3. Add sanitized water or vodka to the airlock after the mead drops below 1/3 of your SG. After this point, it is not necessary to swirl after this point.
After Day 14 – Post-Fermentation
The goal is to get the mead to a gravity of 1.000 as fast as possible. At this point, you have many options. You can leave it as it is, or you can use one or more of the following methods to customize the mead to your preference:
1. Backsweetening – Most people like some sweetness to the mead. Something about a dry beverage with a honey smell messes with the mind. Two methods: The first is to stabilize with potassium metabisulphite and potassium sorbate, then backsweeten with honey. Warning! If you have an allergy to sulphites, this is not a viable option. The second method is called step feeding. This method requires you to add honey to your desired sweetness and allow the yeast to ferment further. This process is repeated until the yeast give up due to high alcohol.
2. Oak – Mead and oak are extremely complimentary. You can use American, Hungarian, or French in any number of toasts. I do suggest cubes over chips. Chips impart flavor too fast and easily over oak the mead. Additionally, the flavor profile is very one dimensional compared to oak cubes.
3. Spices – If you add spices, your mead is considered a metheglin. Go easy on how much you add. You can always add more, but you cannot take it away!
4. Fruit – if you add fruit to mead, it is called a melomel. Generally, 2-4 pounds of frozen fruit per gallon is a good range. Adding fruit to primary tends to give a more wine-like effect. Adding to secondary tends to capture the fruit essence better. If you want a fruit bomb effect, add some fruit to both primary and secondary!
Bad Practices: Old and New
Very high starting gravities (greater than 1.12) – Until you understand how mead making works, don't attempt extremely high gravities. I know it's every brewers ambition to push the ABV limit at some point, but this can lead to a lot of problems unless done properly. It can be done, but you need a special plan that requires a whole different article. If I get enough requests, perhaps I'll write one!
Acid Blend – Adding acid blend upfront is an old practice that is detrimental to yeast health often leading to stalled fermentations. Upfront acid blend addition has a propensity to drop the pH to stalling range. Add acid blend post-fermentation to taste if you want it in your mead.
Extreme Temperature Fermentation – Try to stay in the middle of your yeasts published temperature range. High temperature leads to fusel production and low temperature leads to sluggish or stalled fermentations.
Not Racking the Mead – Racking is the transfer of your mead off the gross lees (yeast cake at the bottom) after primary fermentation. The gross lees are prone to giving off flavors to mead if left in contact with the mead too long. Some yeasts are worse than others at producing these off flavors. Rack to be safe!
Pitching Rate – Yeast are your alcohol producing soldiers. If you don't add enough soldiers, you get stressed out, fusel producing, stalled ferments. Here are my simple rules of yeast pitching:
These suggestions assume starting gravities of less than 1.12. Dry yeast packs contain much more yeast than liquid yeast packs. Since liquid yeast is also more expensive than dry, making a starter is necessary for large batches of mead.
Tips and Tricks
Travelling to Rome on a budget? Never fear – sightseeing in Italy's magnificent capital city doesn't have to cost the earth. Although many museums and monuments charge hefty admission fees, a surprising number of the famous sights are actually completely free. The doors of the city's art-laden churches are flung open to all, ancient architectural wonders await around many a corner and it costs nothing to wander the historic streets, piazzas and parks. Check out our run-down of the best things to do in Rome without spending a thing:
The Pantheon's impressive dome. Image by Biker Jun / CC BY-SA 2.0
It's an exhilarating experience to enter this iconic Roman building and look up at the largest unreinforced concrete dome ever built.
The Vatican's showcase basilica is free, though you'll probably have to queue to get in. Once inside, look out for Michelangelo's Pietà statue and Bernini's baldachin (altar canopy).
And enjoy the daily circus of street performers, artists and tourists acted out against a backdrop of baroque palazzi and ornate fountains.
These grand stairs have long been a popular hangout – in the 1800s local beauties would parade up and down hoping to be picked as artists' models.
A small price to pay for a return trip. Image by macle / CC BY 2.0
According to legend, this will ensure your return to Rome. You and thousands of other people – on an average day about €3000 is chucked over people's shoulders into the water.
Draped in ivy, the charming Via Margutta is where Audrey Hepburn and Gregory Peck rendezvous in silver screen classic Roman Holiday.
Rome's most famous park is an oasis of shaded walkways, verdant corners and excellent museums.
Few views can top those from this massive marble monolith. You have to pay to take the lift to the top (€7) but there are plenty of free viewing spots.
9. Explore the Jewish Ghetto
This atmospheric area is studded with artisans' studios, vintage clothes shops, kosher bakeries and popular trattorias.
Antiquity's most famous road sets the perfect scene for a leisurely amble with its pine trees, Roman ruins and eerie catacombs.
The atmospheric cobbled streets of Trastevere. Image by Michiel Jelijs / CC BY 2.0
This vibrant district buzzes well into the night as locals and tourists hang out on its picturesque lanes and piazzas.
12. Go on a free tour
New Rome Free Tour (newromefreetour.com) runs a daily walking tour of the historic centre.
The last resting place of Keats and Shelley, Rome's non-Catholic Cemetery is a serene spot to recharge your batteries.
Rome's Nazi occupation is recounted at this chilling museum housed in what were once the city's SS headquarters.
The sparkling Byzantine compositions in this easy-to-miss church are among Rome's most impressive.
Modern architecture in EUR. Image by Xavi / CC BY 2.0
A highlight of the southern district is the Palazzo della Civiltà del Lavoro, a masterpiece of Italian rationalism known as the Square Colosseum.
This roadside church is the unlikely setting for one of Italian baroque's great masterpieces, Bernini's Ecstasy of St Teresa.
Bramante's Tempietto (little temple) is considered the first great building of the High Renaissance.
19. Search out the Arco degli Acetari
Discover the picture-perfect medieval courtyard hiding behind the dark Vinegar-Makers' Arch (Via del Pellegrino 19).
Michelangelo's muscular Moses is the star turn at this 5th-century church. Also here are the chains that St Peter supposedly wore in captivity.
And you'll see St Peter's dome perfectly framed at the end of a hedge-lined avenue.
22. Partake in the passeggiata
Head to Via del Corso and join the locals on their early-evening passeggiata (stroll).
Caravaggio paintings at Chiesa di San Pietro in Vincoli. Image by Francisco Antunes / CC BY 2.0
Better still, catch three. This baroque church is home to the St Matthew cycle, a trio of the artist's earliest religious paintings.
By day, poke around the much-loved market; at night, grab a drink and see in the small hours with hundreds of like-minded revellers.
With its turreted villas, fairytale towers, gargoyles and arches, this Art Nouveau neighbourhood stands in contrast to Rome's more serious sights.
There's always something going on on this grand neoclassical square. Nearby, the art-rich Chiesa di Santa del Popolo is well worth a look.
A dead ringer for the Colosseum, this ancient stadium looms over the Area Archeologica del Teatro di Marcello e del Portico d'Ottavia.
Modern investigators have identified the spot where Julius Caesar was murdered. It was in the Area Sacra on Largo di Torre Argentina.
Rome's big summer event stages everything from concerts and dance performances to book fairs and late-night museum openings. Some are free.
Perfect symetry in the Piazza del Campidoglio. Image by Bruno / CC BY-SA 2.0
On the Capitoline Hill, Michelangelo's exquisitely designed piazza is one of Rome's most beautiful public spaces.
This ancient landmark towers over the Imperial Forums. If you can make them out, the reliefs depict Trajan's military campaigns.
This sparky neighbourhood presents a colourful front with its community gardens, faux baroque palazzi and red housing blocks.
Where once crowds cheered chariot racers in Rome's largest arena, now locals come to stretch their legs.
Attractions that are free at specific times:
34. Colosseum, Palatino, and Roman Forum; first Sunday of the month.
35. Vatican Museums; last Sunday of the month.
36. All state museums; first Sunday of the month.
37. Pope's weekly audience; every Wednesday morning.
38. Porta Portese market; every Sunday morning.
39. Palazzo di Montecitorio; first Sunday of the month.
0 Sailors who died at Pearl Harbor finally identified as Jacksonville man's uncle
Robert “Scott” Pribble of Jacksonville always wondered what happened to his uncle, who was killed at Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941.
U.S. Navy Fire Controlman Third Class Robert Pribble was on board the USS Oklahoma when it was struck in the Japanese attack that propelled the United States into World War II.
The USS Oklahoma was capsized by a Japanese torpedo attack. The crew suffered more casualties than any other ship at Pearl Harbor except for the USS Arizona.
Earlier this year, the U.S. government sent Pribble a packet filled with information about his uncle after his remains were finally identified. The remains were finally identified through a DNA match and through dental comparisons.
Pribble was one of dozens of sailors aboard the USS Oklahoma who were interred in Hawaii cemeteries. In October 1949, a military board classified those who could not be identified as non-recoverable.
This included Pribble, the government said.
This is Scott Pribble. He just learned his uncle, Robert Pribble, has finally been identified as killed in action at #pearlharbor in #1941 #worldwar2 #navy #ussoklahoma A post shared by ActionNewsJax.com (@actionnewsjax) on Jul 11, 2017 at 2:00pm PDT
In 2015, the Department of Defense ordered the disinterment of unknown sailors associated with the USS Oklahoma in an attempt to identify the remains.
“It's a nice feeling, knowing that the government is going to this extent to honor its fallen,” Scott Pribble said.
Pribble says the government saved everything from the first letter written to his family, which showed his uncle was missing in action, to the handwritten note his grandmother wrote to an admiral.
Scott Pribble continued his uncle's U.S. Navy legacy. He joined in 1983 and still works at NAS Jax.
“When I got his records, I found out he was a fire control technician,” Pribble said. “We were basically in the same field.”
Scott Pribble will be flying to Hawaii on Saturday to ensure his uncle finally receives the proper ceremony and burial he deserves.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
About
A good piece of theatre/film/dance/etc. is something truly magical in the way it can captivate an audience, tell them a story (or not) and leave them wanting for more.
The Lighting Encoder Wing was created to fill a hole in the current market for entertainment lighting control and to help facilitate making magical experiences by giving a designer more tools. Simply put it gives rotary encoders to many of the non-console lighting control pieces of software out there.
Throughout the kickstarter I will be running surveys on some features I am looking to incorporate, updating you all with the backstory of the device and some (hopefully) fun stories of the pitfalls I encountered in production.
The first survey is about case material
Why is something like this necessary?
While a performance around a bonfire with no technology can be just as riveting as the largest broadway show, technology continues its onward progression and designers, producers and audiences often want more. Even the smallest venues for theatre are starting to purchase LED lighting fixtures that change colors and sometimes even moving lights, meaning the lighting designer can do more than they ever could before.
The problem is that with all of these new lighting fixtures what was once a show with 50 lights is now a show with 100 lights, each of which has the ability to control color, and some of which can easily have 60 different parameters built into the light. Coupled with theaters who have little to no budget means trying to control these lights on a board that is 15-20 years old. The amount of time a designer is given to make a show has also not increased, but rather frequently decreased, as theatres cannot afford to pay everyone required for long technical rehearsals and want to get to performances as quickly as possible.
So you walk in as a designer expected to program a show in half the time with three times the amount of things to control as before on a light board that was never designed to talk to the magical lights in front of you.
It is far easier to convince a small theatre to purchase $1500 or less of computer based lighting control software than a $5000+ console. The device also gives a lighting designer who works from home the ability to use encoders without investing in a console. Most lighting consoles that offer OSC also allow the user to program on their home computer with a visualizer software, making tech run much smoother
(Full Keyboard Version with test keycaps)
(Relegendable Keycaps from Signature Plastics to be used)
What it is:
4 rotary encoder wheels that can be programmed to control the ability to control any OSC based system to some degree, including sound software.
Each encoder wheel is customizable and 6 different layouts for the encoders are a button press away
5 macro buttons that can send any OSC command when pressed
A backlit LCD screen displaying what the encoders are controlling, and if the console allows, what its current value is 3 levels of coarse/fine settings with an LED color indicator.
Easy setup through editing a text file or (in development) your web browser
No software needs to be installed on your computer for this device to work. I like having as little installed on my computer as possible so it runs quickly and cleanly
Works on Windows, Mac, Linux and proprietary console operating systems
The Full Keyboard Version will also have an RGB backlit, fully customizable 72 Cherry MX brown key keyboard with relegendable key caps.
(Encoder Wing style encoder cap)
What you need to make it work:
A lighting control software/console that uses OSC communication such as ETC EOS, LSC Clarity, or ChamSys. It works with both computer based and full console software if they support the correct OSC, if in doubt ask and I will look into it.
A network switch/wifi router and ethernet cables. I always have a wifi router on my tech table hooked up to my phone so I can turn on lights without touching the console.
Power. Either a USB connection or a power adapter are supported. Power over Ethernet can be added with a simple POE power splitter that can be found on various shopping websites. If there is enough interest I will consider adding full POE functionality
Will it work with X control software:
ETC EOS: Full functionality of any encoder, macro keys, almost all console functions
LSC Clarity: Pan and Tilt encoders, playback, a majority of console functions. Their OSC commands are not as well documented as EOS, however, their touchOSC app contains far more than their documentation suggests.
Chamsys: active encoders on page, playback, midi messages, RPC commands (which cover most other functions) https://secure.chamsys.co.uk/help/documentation/magicq/ch39.html
GrandMa software: Not out of the box. You need a bridge program installed on your computer such as the excellent TouchOSC bridge. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF81VYM8XSw
Anything that works with TouchOSC: Everything that TouchOSC can do, and potentially more. Bear in mind that the device does not currently have faders.
What it is not:
It does not send any control data to the lights themselves
It does not currently support High-End's HOG4PC software due to their software restrictions
It does not bring you coffee, remind you to eat food or provide any of the other duties of an Assistant to the Designer
It is not designed to replace a full console in larger venues
(My standard tech table setup with a wifirouter to talk between the computer and the encoder wing)
What is left:
They sit innocuously in an airy gallery in Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji museum, drawing barely a glance. But a closer look at the two engraved stone slabs from the 11th century reveals a rather explicit scene: a donkey with an erect phallus poised over a woman, about to have sex with her.As it turns out, scores of stone slabs with this configuration of figures lie scattered across Maharashtra and parts of Goa. In Marathi, they are called gadhegal, from "gadhe", which means donkey, and "gal", which could mean either stone, or curse. Archaeologists studying medieval Maharashtra have often referred to them as "ass-curse stones", but until now, very few scholars have written about them in detail.Since 2012, however, a group of archaeologists in Mumbai and Pune have turned their attention to these stones, and are discussing what exactly the engravings could mean.
An ass-curse stone at the Chhatrapati Shivaji museum in Mumbai.
The gadhegal stones of western India date back to the reign of the Shilahara dynasty from 1012 to 1651, said archaeologist Kurush Dalal. “The stones basically served as declarations of land grants given to feudal or Brahmin families, and depicted a curse or punishment that would befall the person who violated the order,” said Dalal, who teaches at Mumbai University's centre for extra-mural studies.Over the past three years, Dalal and his team have discovered four new gadhegals in the Konkan region of Maharahstra, as part of their larger excavations of various Shilahara period sites. Three of the stones are in Diveagar and the fourth is in Deokhol, both sites in Raigad district. Dalal has now co-authored two research papers about his findings. They are due to be published in academic journals this year.The vertical stone slabs typically feature three panels: the top panel depicts a round sun and crescent moon, the middle contains an inscription in the Devnagri script (or, in some rare cases, Arabic) and the panel at the bottom shows the striking image of the donkey-woman intercourse.
A gadhegal in Deokhol, Raigad.
In medieval times, the stones would be placed on the boundaries of a plot bestowed on a family, to serve as a territory marker. The inscription would name the giver and the receiver of the grant, and often explain the symbols on the stone plaque quite directly. The sun and the moon at the top meant that the grant would be valid forever.“The bottom panel meant that if anyone dared to violate the grant, his mother would – to put it bluntly – be screwed by a donkey,” said Dalal. “But this was not actually meant to be a physical threat.”In a research paper co-authored by Siddharth Kale and Rajesh Poojari, Dalal describes a prominent theory on the deeper, symbolic meaning of the ass-curse stones, proposed by Maharashtrian archaeologist RC Dhere in 1990.According to Dhere, the woman featured on the stones is symbolic of mother earth, or fertility. The donkey is the vahana (vehicle) of Sitala Devi, the goddess of pestilence and plague, whose cult was very strong during the Shilahara period. At that time, there was also a widely-held belief that if a person's farms were ploughed by donkeys, they would become fallow and barren. The donkey and its protruding phallus, then, become symbolic of such ploughing.“The curse on the stone, then, was that an offender's land would become barren,” said Dalal. “In an agrarian society, there could be no greater threat.”In fact, there is a well-known Shivaji legend in Maharashtra that invokes this idea, says Dalal. In the 1630s, the Adilshahi ruler Rayarao had sacked Pune and is said to have had the land there ploughed by donkeys. Around that time, a young Shivaji came to live in Pune with his mother Jijabai, and when they saw the ruins that Pune was is, he had the lands re-ploughed with a golden blade. “The gold was symbolic of the light of the sun, and after that Pune is said to have flourished again,” said Dalal.While Dalal believes there might be some weight in this theory, Mumbai-based archaeologist Harshada Wirkud finds it a bit far-fetched. Wirkud recently researched 34 gadhegals around Maharashtra – including a handful in Mumbai – for her post-graduate diploma, and is now studying the stones further for her PhD in Pune.“The aim of any pictorial representation is to convey a common message to anyone seeing it,” said Wirkud. The inscriptions on ass-curse stones were written in a language that commoners would easily understand, and Wirkud believes the donkey-woman imagery merely referenced an abusive phrase that is still prevalent in Marathi: "tujha aai-la gaadhav laagel" or "may your mother be defiled by a donkey".“I don't think one needs to look at these stones as symbols of mother earth or any goddess,” said Wirkud. “A lot of curse words that we use are still women-centric, and I see this imagery as a similar abusive threat.”Irrespective of the theory used to interpret gadhegals, Dalal believes it is important that researchers are finally studying them seriously.“The concept of these stones has been known for a while, but they have not been discussed, because archaeologists and historians were uncomfortable explaining something they considered grotesque,” said Dalal. “But these stones were a significant part of Shilahara history and helps us understand the early medieval period.”The study of the ass-curse stones reveals that such a tradition of land grants and sexual threats was popular for nearly 250 years during the Shilahara rule, and the location of the stones reveals the extent of the dynasty's reign.In South Mumbai, for instance, there is an 800-year-old gadhegal at Pimpalwadi in Girgaum that is now worshipped as a local deity by devotees visiting a nearby Shiv temple. The inscription on the stone has still not been read and analysed by anyone, although the project is now being taken up by a team of archaeologists led by Abhijit Dandekar from Pune's Deccan College.“This stone is the southernmost medieval inscription found in Mumbai, and indicates that there was once a village in the area, with enough land to be granted to feudal families,” said Dalal.
Baseball is a global sport. Imagine if we didn't have the talent that came out of Latin America or Asia. The 2018 Yankees will feature starters from Cuba, Venezuela, the Dominican Republic, Japan, and the Netherlands, in addition to the US. We have seen star players from the Asian leagues come to the US, and while that has been going on now for decades, we increasingly see fringe MLB players choose to go to Korea and Japan and get some big paydays. I decided to take a look at some former Yankees and how they are playing in the next best leagues in the world, meaning the Nippon Baseball League (NPB) in Japan and the Korean Baseball organization (KBO). Eight former Yankee major leaguers played in those leagues in 2017.
Pitchers
Ryota Igarashi: Igarashi originally started his career in Japan and threw a grand total of 73 innings in the majors with most of those coming for the Mets but he did throw 3 innings for the Yankees in 2012 before going back to Japan. He now pitches for Softbank, setting up for former big leaguer Dennis Sarfate who won the Pacific League MVP for 2017.
Phil Coke: I believe Coke is the most recent Yankee to go to Japan, he actually pitched in the majors for the Yankees in 2016, which I had completely forgotten about. Obviously Coke was with the Bombers in 2009 when they won the World Series before being shipped off to the Tigers as part of the Curtis Granderson trade; he closed two games against the Yankees in the 2012 ALCS but overall wasn't a particularly interesting big league middle receiver. He went to Japan in 2017 and pitched 23 and two third of not great innings for the Orix Buffaloes. This one is a little bit of a cheat because the Buffaloes cut Coke earlier this month.
David Huff: Huff actually pitched 73 2/3 innings for the Yankees between 2013 and 2014 made two starts and actually pitched pretty well in relief for the team in 2014 out of the Bullpen. He pitched 39 innings of 1.85 ERA ball for the team but his 4 FIP was definite indicator that this was a fluke. But the thing I always remember best about Huff is that he was the Indians pitcher who got nailed in the head by a line drive by Alex Rodriguez in 2010 and was carried out on a stretcher; but despite how scary it was at the time he didn't even miss a start. Huff spent 2016 and 2017 with the LG Twins of the Korean League pitching 200 innings with a 2.66 ERA in a very hitter friendly Korean League; this offseason Huff signed with the Yakult Swallows of the NPB for $1.3 million so best of luck to him.
Hector Noesi: I assume everyone remembers Hector Noesi, he was at one point a pretty big Yankees prospect and part of the Michael Pineda-Jesus Montero trade and pitched 56 innings for the Bombers in 2011. He did not do well in Seattle between 2012 and 2014, it did look like he had turned things around with the White sox in 2014 when he made 27 below average starts for the team, but he was terrible in 2015. He went to Korea in 2016 and has turned into an ace for the Kia Tigers, posting a 3.44 ERA in 408 innings between 2016 and 2017 in a very hitter friendly league. Kia won the 2017 Korean Series with Noesi starting the clinching game five for the Tigers. There is a great article about the changes Noesi has made to be successful in the KBO here.
Batters
Brandon Laird: Laird was a personal favorite prospect of mine when he was in the system and won the Eastern League MVP in 2010, I really wanted them to call him up with how bad the 2010 Yankees DH's were. But he never did anything in his time with the Yankees and was claimed off waivers by the awful 2012 Astros. He never got much playing time for the 2012 or 2013 Astros who lost a combined 218 games and if you can't crack that roster you probably aren't going to do much in the MLB. He signed a one year deal for only about $600,000 in 2015 with the Nippon Ham Fighters and played with Shohei Ohtani, they won the 2016 NPB championship and Laird was named the Nippon series MVP. He has hit 105 Home Runs in three seasons in the NPB and won a years supply of beer for hitting a Kiren Beer sign in a game back in 2016. Laird is making over $2 million a year in Japan which is certainty more than he would make in the US considering his career 69 OPS+.
Zelous Wheeler: Wheeler played 29 games for the not very good and very boring but hey Jeter retirement tour 2014 Yankees. The thing I remember the best is that he hit a home run in his MLB debut against the Twins, but he didn't do much that year in the majors outside of that game despite my girlfriend at the time having high hopes for him. He was sold to the Rakuten Golden Eagles in the offseason, going to Masahiro Tanakas former team, and has spent the last three seasons there alternating between the hot corner and the Outfield for most of that time but playing exclusively at 3rd base in 2017. I would guess the mostly career minor leaguer is loving making a $900k in front of huge crowds in Japan, Rakuten set an attendance record for the club with 1.7 Million fans coming over the course of the year, rather than playing AAA for relative peanuts in the US.
Casey McGehee: McGehee played twenty-two games for the 2012 Yankees and was very bad, somehow getting -0.7 WAR during that time. He played 2013 with Masahiro Tanaka for the Rakuten Golden Eagles before coming back to the MLB and having a pretty good 2014 with the Marlins before having a terrible 2015 and 2016 with the Marlins, Giants and Tigers. He signed with the Tokyo Giants and played at 1st, 2nd and 3rd for the most well known of the NPB clubs and led the team in dingers.
Luis Cruz: Cruz had a very good season in 2012 with the Dodgers but promptly crashed back to earth in 2013 and spent a month with the Yankees in 2013 after he was cut by the Dodgers. He went to the NPB in 2014 playing with the Chiba Lotta Marines and fellow former Yankee Chad Huffman in 2014 and 2015. The next two years Cruz had injury issues and he only played 81 games in 2016 and 22 in 2017, he's now said he won't be returning to the NPB in 2018.
Obviously, the NPB and the KBO aren't the MLB. The baseball is a little different, and the strategies certainly are. Their fans like to have fun at games, while we seem to think sullen silence is the only way to enjoy baseball. But I think its great that baseball is so big there and that some of these guys who couldn't cut it in the MLB have been able to be stars oversees. All twelve Japanese clubs had better attendance in terms of average and total last year than Miami, Oakland, Tampa and the White Sox. Miami and Tampa might drop to a little over a million next year which is what the top clubs in Korea draw. The Tokyo Giants and Hanshin Tigers both had over 3 million fans, which would be in the top ten in the MLB, plus the NPB has a 143 game schedule, which is ten fewer home games than the MLB. My point is that while these leagues might not be at the level of the MLB, these guys are stars and have way more fans/interest than if they were a platoon bat in Oakland and might be making more money too. So kudos to these former Bombers.
Russia's МС-21 jet has left the assembly line at the Irkutsk aviation plant and is being prepared for its maiden flight, Izvestia daily reports.
Read more
Developed by the Irkut Division of the United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) group, the aircraft left the assembly plant on April 28, according to the newspaper. Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin has said the test flight is scheduled this month.
“This is a fundamentally important event for any aircraft. There is no doubt that the first flight will take place. The only question is whether the aircraft will meet the calculated characteristics. The test flight will show that ,” aviation expert Aleksey Sinitsky told Izvestia.
The Irkut MC-21 is a twin-engine short- to mid-range jet airliner with a capacity of 150–212 passengers. The plane is intended to compete with the Airbus A320 and Boeing 737 MAX and replace the remaining Soviet-era Yakovlev Yak-42, Tupolev Tu-134, Tupolev Tu-154, and Tupolev Tu-204/214 airliners.
The first operator of MC-21 aircraft will be Russia's largest carrier Aeroflot. Delivery of 50 aircraft is expected to start in late 2018, or early 2019.
The UAC intends to sell the jets to areas that have traditionally bought Russian jets - India, China, Southeast Asia and Latin America.
The developers claim that MC-21 will be faster and cheaper than the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. The Russian jet will have a cruising speed of 870 kilometers per hour, while the competitors reach only 842 and 828 kph. Costing up to $85 million, MC-21 will have a significantly lower list price than its competitors.
The White House responded cautiously Friday to claims by an Iranian dissident group alleging that Iran's clandestine work on a nuclear weapon has continued unabated by the landmark nuclear deal that Tehran finalized with the Obama administration and five other world powers two years ago.
At a news conference in Washington, members of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) brandished recent satellite imagery and intelligence purportedly derived from informants inside the Iranian military to bolster their claim that the Islamic Regime is still working covertly on what nuclear experts call weaponization: the final station on the path to nuclear weapons.
“The engineering unit that is charged and tasked with actually building the bomb in a secret way for the Iranian regime is called the Organization of Defensive Innovation and Research,” said Alireza Jafarzadeh, deputy director of NCRI's Washington office. That unit, whose Persian acronym is SPND, was first exposed by Jafarzadeh's group in 2011, and was designated by the State Department in 2014 because U.S. officials said SPND “took over some of the activities related to Iran's undeclared nuclear program.”
“Our information shows that their activities have been continuing in full gear, despite the JCPOA,” Jafarzadeh said, using the acronym for the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which is the formal name for the nuclear deal.
NCRI's startling claim came in the same week that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson certified to Congress that Iran is meeting the terms of the JCPOA but also announced an interagency task force to reevaluate the entire deal, saying the JCPOA is not meeting its objective. President Trump followed that up the next day by saying the Iranians “are not living up to the spirit of the agreement.”
That prompted a sharp tweet of rebuke from the Iranian foreign minister, an architect of the nuclear deal. Dr. Javad Zarif posted: “We'll see if US prepared to live up to letter of #JCPOA let alone spirit. So far, it has defied both.”
Asked about NCRI's allegation and supporting evidence, Michael Anton, a spokesman for the White House National Security Council, said only that his colleagues are “carefully evaluating” the NCRI package against “the best intelligence reporting and analysis available to the United States.”
NCRI's satellite imagery is focused on the military base at Parchin, a site to which inspectors for the International Atomic Energy Agency have been granted only limited and tightly controlled access. The photos outline an area in the north of the sprawling base where installations surrounded by berms are visible. According to NCRI officers, the newly constructed site is known internally as “Plan 6.”
There, the dissident group alleged, a sub-unit of SPND known as METFAZ – another Persian acronym for the formal title of the Center for Research and Expansion of Technologies on Explosions and Impact – is working with high explosives in ways the NCRI said are identical to the “possible military dimension” that Western officials long suspected Iran was pursuing with its nuclear program.
Skeptics of NCRI note that it is the political affiliate of an Iranian opposition group, known as MEK, that spent fifteen years on the State Department's list of foreign terror organizations. But many have seen NCRI's disclosures about alleged clandestine nuclear activities or sites in Iran borne out, starting with the group's identification of the theretofore secret installations at Natanz and Arak. Frank Pabian, an adviser on nuclear nonproliferation issues at the Los Alamos National Laboratory, was quoted in 2010 as telling the New York Times of the NCRI: “They're right 90 percent of the time.”
To assess the imagery of Plan 6 at Parchin, Fox News consulted a pair of nuclear scientists and arms control analysts who are among the world's most renowned. David Albright, the trained physicist and former U.N. weapons inspector in Iraq, told Fox News the structures visible in the satellite photography are consistent with a facility that makes high explosives; but he noted that Iran has the right to do so under the JCPOA, and that the imagery yielded no outward sign that Iran was also testing high explosives at the site. Still, he believes the IAEA should press for access there. “The international inspectors should use authorities under the nuclear deal to go and look at this site, and see what's going on and start to verify a critical part of the nuclear deal,” Albright said, “namely, those activities involved in the development of nuclear weapons.”
Olli Heinonen spent nearly three decades at the IAEA, eventually rising to the level of the number-two official at the agency: deputy director-general. He has traveled to Iran for inspection tours and other business some twenty-five times. He reached a similar assessment about Plan 6, even as both men emphasized the need for more information to make determinative judgments.
“We see that the buildings are surrounded by berms; they are a distance from each other. This is a typical design for a site that works with high explosives,” Heinonen told FoxNews. “I think there are serious questions to be asked [of] the Iranian government. Most likely IAEA should have access to this site.”
Neither the IAEA nor the Iranian mission to the United Nations responded to requests for comment.
This article is over 2 years old
Teenager leaves spectacles on floor of San Francisco's Museum of Modern Art as a prank, leading some to think they were an exhibit
Pair of glasses left on US gallery floor mistaken for art
The feeling of slight dissatisfaction that can come with visiting a modern art gallery is a universal one, best articulated as “I could have done that”.
A pair of US teenagers have beaten artists at their own game, pulling off a successful prank at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art earlier this week.
While Kevin Nguyen, 16, and TJ Khayatan, 17, were impressed with much of the art on display on their visit on Saturday, they questioned the artistic merits of some exhibits.
Could they do better?
The glasses in the gallery aren't just art – they're a work of genius | Jonathan Jones Read more
Khayatan put Nguyen's glasses on the floor below an official-looking piece of paper to see how it would be received by gallery-goers.
The work seemed to hit a chord with the public, striking in its simplicity, yet – probably – a challenging commentary on the limits of individual perception.
Khayatan told BuzzFeed News that people gathered around the exhibit to view it and take photographs. He, in turn, took photographs of them admiring his work and later posted them to Twitter, where they went viral.
Nguyen shared images, too, noting the awkwardness of having to retrieve his glasses before they moved on in the museum.
galaxy (@k_vinnnn) @TJCruda the embarrassing part about it was walking back to pick it up and act like nothing happened
The gallery's verified Twitter account drew its own parallels to other artists' work.
SFMOMA (@SFMOMA) @TJCruda Do we have a Marcel Duchamp in our midst? https://t.co/07g2VAwAod
Twitter uses were keen to give their own interpretation – within the limitations of the 140-character limit.
Pomp (@Pomp_a_romp) @k_vinnnn @TJCruda then you transformed it into performance art :V
King of the Castle (@rapsfan25) @TJCruda @TimothyDeLaG it's really just an exacerbated metaphor of society's perpetual blindness to those cognitive of us #art
Nimbus Wolf (@nimbuswolf) Ironically, by making the tweet about it, it's now art For Real™! https://t.co/In5dSc3fH1
Nguyen told Guardian Australia he and Khayatan were surprised by the reception.
“We thought it would only get maybe at most a couple hundred retweets, but hey, I have a pair of famous glasses on my face every day now!”
The “social experiment” immortalised in a Twitter moment – a commemoration of art in the digital age, you might say.
RHYMES&OILS (@RhymesAndOils) @k_vinnnn sell those glasses to the gallery for mad coin! 😂
Nguyen said he had no intention of selling his now internet-famous eyewear – but he had an alternative idea.
“My glasses are Burberry, so a sponsorship would be nice,” he joked.
Asked how he interpreted the “art piece”, he suggested “the deeper meaning” could be about perception: “Anything in life can be art as long as you provide the insight and help people see what you see.”
By Rashid Shirinov
Ukraine and Azerbaijan have discussed possibility of manufacturing anti-missile systems at the Azerbaijani enterprises, the press service of the company UkrSpecExport reported on September 28.
The Ukrainian delegation is currently in Azerbaijan, where the company's delegates attend the international defense industry exhibition ADEX 2016.
“General Director of UkrSpetsExport Pavel Bukin has held a number of official talks with the Azerbaijani leadership,” the press service stated.
In particular, he discussed with Deputy Minister of Azerbaijan Defense Industry Tofig Rafiyev issues of joint production of ATM (anti-tank missiles) and guided missiles at the enterprises of Azerbaijan.
In addition, the parties considered the possibility of Ukrainian enterprises' supply of equipment for serving the Azerbaijani armored vehicles. The sides also discussed future bilateral cooperation.
UkrSpecExport is an authorized state-owned intermediary company, which is engaged in foreign economic activities for export and import of military and special-purpose products and services.
The 2nd Azerbaijan International Defence Exhibition ADEX 2016 opened at the Baku Expo Center on September 27 and will last till September 30. Although ADEX is being held for only the second time, it has already become the largest exhibition in the region.
This year, ADEX is attended by 216 companies from 34 countries, and 29 delegations from 21 states. The geographical spread of the participants has expanded to such countries as Croatia, Estonia, the Czech Republic, Latvia, and Montenegro.
---
Rashid Shirinov is AzerNews' staff journalist, follow him on Twitter: @RashidShirinov
Follow us on Twitter @AzerNewsAz
20th Century Fox
If a genetic experiment turned your face into a pile of cancerous sludge, you'd want the perfect mask too.
Tech Insider recently spoke with Dave Gougé, head of marketing and communications at Weta Digital, the studio responsible for animating Deadpool's signature red-and-black mask in the film. That's right, Deadpool's mask had its own effects team.
"It was very specific, we built a couple of custom tools to allows us to get in and do work [on the mask] very efficiently and, we believe, quite well," said Gougé.
Weta made sure Ryan Reynolds, who audiences agreed was near perfect in the titular role, could deliver a memorable performance that wasn't obscured.
"Our job," Gougé said, "was to make sure that his line readings ... came through the mask."
Reynold's mask was neither entirely real, nor entirely CG. Reynolds filmed wearing a mask, which the studio then used "custom tools" to enhance.
"It was solely focused on the facial work," Gougé told us. "We did a lot of what we would call 2D manipulation of the mask to help bring out and heighten the expression that Ryan Reynolds was giving when he was delivering the lines, but didn't quite read though the mask."
The New Zealand studio, perhaps best known for its work on "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy, is no stranger to superhero work. They also contributed to "Batman v Superman," "Iron Man 3," and "X-Men: First Class." Their work can also be seen in two of Disney's 2016 releases, "The Jungle Book" and "The BFG."
"Deadpool," meanwhile, was a box-office smash and a sequel is already in production. Reynolds announced the Blu-ray release for the first movie will be May 10.
Whenever a new collective bargaining agreement is reached with the NFLPA, the league is insistent that HGH testing for all NFL players be included in the deal, according to a report on FoxSports.com.
"We want it. We think it's necessary. We're going to ensure that it's done," NFL vice president and general counsel Adolpho Birch said, according to the report. "That's something very important to us and the integrity of our game. We believe some of the basis for going slowly on it before has been addressed. At this point, it's proper for it to be an active part of our program."
Birch said the NFL and the NFLPA representatives had discussed the matter prior to the end of labor talks March 11.
HGH was previously on the NFL's list of banned substances, but was not tested for in the league's previous drug-testing program.
In other lockout-related news, the NFL players concluded their annual meetings Thursday while receiving words of support from former players.
The NFL Players Association dissolved as a union hours before being locked out by the league March 11. Now it looks toward April 6, when a lawsuit filed by 10 players requesting an injunction to end the lockout will be heard in U.S. District Court in St. Paul, Minn.
Nolan Harrison, the director of former player services for the NFLPA, says 215 former players spoke with members of the organization's executive board, executive director DeMaurice Smith and current players during the last few days.
"Letting our guys know what the course is from here and where we are as an association, that's one of the main things this was about," Harrison said, adding the former players have been briefed on the lawsuit.
"All of us realize we are teammates, from the guys who play today to the guys who wore leather helmets. Every generation was represented, from guys my dad watched play to my former teammates to guys who were in preschool when I played."
Smith met with leaders of the former players, held a question-and-answer session with all the veterans and gave a speech encouraging unity, Harrison said.
More than 100 current players attended nine days of meetings. Harrison encouraged them to speak with former players who were involved in the 1987 strike to "get firsthand knowledge of what it's like and what will happen."
No negotiations are scheduled, although earlier this week Smith did invite NFL lawyers to discuss a settlement of the lawsuit, a request the league turned down. The two sides last met March 11 at a federal mediator's office in Washington. Talks collapsed and the union decertified. Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, Drew Brees and seven others put their names on the lawsuit, then the NFL enacted the lockout.
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell urged a renewal of negotiations several times during the owners' meetings this week.
"The faster we can get back to mediation, the faster we will get an agreement," Goodell said. "We made a lot of progress in mediation. The 17 days we were there forced us all to consider our positions, find the common ground, negotiate and come up with solutions for the issues that we've all addressed that are important to the game, important to the players and important to the clubs. I'm hopeful that we'll get back there and resume them."
But Harrison noted the optimism by the players -- current and former -- about prospects for victory in court.
"We put together an agreement between the leadership here that supports all the NFLPA is trying to accomplish in the class action," he said. "There was unanimous support for the class-action suit."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
When I made my first-ever investment just under a month ago, buying 2 shares of AT&T for a total of $84.92 on the afternoon of July 10, I had an idea what type of companies I wanted to invest in, but no clue which one(s) would ultimately be the best in the long run.
I've since bought more shares of AT&T while pouring the remainder of what is now an almost-$3,000 portfolios into a combined 20 other companies. I'm happy with what I've done so far (see my previous posts for a refresher), but, if I'm being honest, I don't consider any of them the best investment I've made so far.
Other than the decision to start investing in the first place, the best investment has been my decision to use the Robinhood app for all my wheelin' and dealin'. Honestly, Robinhood has been incredible … and I'm not getting paid to say that.
Robinhood's not getting paid, either. Technically, I guess Robinhood is getting paid … just not by me. It makes its money on the interest from the cash in its users' accounts, so I've been told. Frankly, though, I don't care how it makes its money just as long as it continues to allow me to invest without rediculous brokerage fees biting big-time chunks out of my returns.
The app itself looks great and, at least in my experience, is just as easy to navigate as it is easy on the eyes. It does what it promises – enables you to make commission-free trades – and does it well. Robinhood is a must for first-time investors like myself. Aside from the money you need to by the stocks, and a plan, I'd argue it claims the third spot on the list of must-haves when jumping head first into the world of investing.
As you can probably conclude from the last few paragraphs, I'm not a very good spokesman. It's a good app. I like it … and it's free. That's pretty much my take on it. That said, I'll stop rambling and let the numbers carry this to the finish line.
Why is Robinhood the best investment I've made so far? Here's why:
I've placed 34 buy orders and seven sell orders for a total of 41 transactions, none of which cost me a cent. I know 41 orders is a lot for a portfolio of 21 stocks that's not even a month old, but, as I've pointed out plenty on this blog, I'm learning. At this point, learning as much as I can about the ins and outs of investing is way more important than making any money. My tinkering would have cost me a cool $325.95 ($7.95 x 41) if I did it with a traditional broker. Instead, I didn't pay a thing.
Robinhood will continue to payoff in the future too. Of the 21 companies I've invested in, I own more than one share in exactly five of them. I'm not a rich man … yet. I don't have an exuberant amount of disposable income to throw at this thing. Like I've mentioned in previous posts, $250 per paycheck ($500 a month) is what I feel comfortable with now. As I add to my positions, I'll be doing it in small increments. A few shares, sometimes just one or two depending on the company, is all I'll be able to buy with the $250. Not having to pay anything for the purchases is huge.
For perspective, if I were using a traditional broker, the $325.95 I would've paid would equate to more than an 11-percent transaction fee. Talk about killing your returns.
Robinhood has done the exact opposite. Instead of killing my returns, the company has given my initial portfolio a chance to actually amount to something.
Like this: Like Loading...
bitnooby
Offline
Activity: 3
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 3Merit: 0 Re: What should I buy? February 21, 2014, 12:33:20 PM #22
what i've done is invest $100 into currency's around the markets and wrote that $100 off as an investment in knowledge. i've learned a lot from making small sales and seeing how the crypto currency's work before investing real money.
just an idea that you might want to do the same to get a better idea of how a coin works and its ups and downs so you dont have to ask for other peoples investing advice but start seeing your own predictions.
[update]
what im about to say might be completely off, but something i've noticed is 90% of crypto currency's on the market are directly related to bitcoin. when i feel comfortable enough with investing real money im going to look at im new to this forum and only about a month into crypto currency's so im a bit hesitant to reply, take my advice with a grain of salt.what i've done is invested $100 into currency's around the markets and wrote that $100 off as an investment in knowledge. i've learned a lot from making small sales and seeing how the crypto currency's work before investing real money.just an idea that you might want to do the same to get a better idea of how a coin works and its ups and downs so you dont have to ask for other peoples investing advice but start seeing your own predictions.[update]what im about to say might be completely off, but something i've noticed is 90% of crypto currency's on the market are directly related to bitcoin. when i feel comfortable enough with investing real money im going to look at http://coinmarketcap.com/ and see which coins go up when bitcoin is down because at the moment to me it feels that if bitcoin dropped to 0 so would most other currencies that use it as a measurement of value. so when i find another currency that stands alone and becomes an alternative measurment that wont go down when bitcoin do i would split my investment in both
Anyone who wants to explain the kingdom of God as taught by Jesus/NT is faced with temptations. Here's the first one: to want that kingdom to be almost entirely spiritual — something between a person and God, a religious experience, some religious power now at work, something not belonging to this world, something getting someone ready for heaven. A second temptation is to make it some political party, or some political cause, or something so earthy it is not religious at all. Ecology, liberation from oppression, justice for some murderer. Let's call these the vertical and the horizontal. They are inadequate. The first group fears the political; the second group fears the religious.
Neither of them is Jewish; neither of them biblical. Both are temptations to avoid.
Why do you think so many are against a political reading of Jesus? Is it possible to say “kingdom” and not be political?
In Tom Wright's new book, How God Became King, the meaning of kingdom is discussed at length as the fourth speaker in the room (Israel's Story, God's Story, God's People) — and Wright sketches it under the theme of the clash of (quite political) kingdoms.
The primary clash is between God and the satan, and that means where the satan is most at work — in Caesar, Rome, the powers — and where God is most at work — in Jesus and in Jesus' people. The means of victory is through Jesus and the cross (and resurrection). This kingdom is both political and redemptive, it is both earthy and from God.
Anyone who wants a non-political kingdom message has avoided what the NT says; anyone who wants a non-political Jesus makes Jesus in their own image. The kingdom and Jesus are through and through political. A new kind of politics, to be sure, but still political. Now to some specifics from the chp.
1. The Bible's story is often about God and the pagan powers and rulers and kingdoms: Babel, Egypt, Philistines, Assyria, Babylon, Greece and Rome.
2. The census of Augustus provides Luke with the opportunity to sketch a kingdom clash. Luke 1-2 (he doesn't sketch how the birth scene of Luke 2 contrasts Jesus with Caesar: gospel, Son of God, peace, Savior is each political terms: Jesus is Lord, Caesar is not is at work in this passage).
3. Jesus' power is not like Caesar's: it is the way of the cross.
4. Wright sketches more fully how the clash of the kingdoms occurs in John, and it is a very suggestive sketch, worth your reading carefully. John 12, 14, 16 (through the church — he needs to emphasize this more often), 18, 19.
5. Render unto Caesar has nothing whatsoever to do with separation of church and state. The drive in Jesus' day was political independence (read Benedictus in Luke 1, a text Tom does not mention in his Luke sketch). He sees “pay Caesar back in his own coin” to be a possible echo of 1 Macc 2:68 (pay the Gentiles back in full). Jesus is not colluding either with Caesar or the Zealots. His emphasis is on giving back to God what is God's due.
With the Network three months old as of Tuesday, November's report looks back over the last few weeks within CCN. It is amazing to see what's happened in that time.
The Exploration Wing
“This month the primary focus of the Exploration Wing is the Colonia Core Circuit Expedition (C3E),” Cmdr Satsuma told the Gazette.
“This guided trip through the Galactic Core explores a dozen of the most dramatic places in the area, as well as making history for being the first fleet expedition which does not start, end, or touch the Bubble. In addition, the Expedition will also make history as being one of two fleet expeditions to rendezvous in deep space, meeting the Galactic Nebula Expedition at Sagittarius A* at the end of November.”
Colonia has felt quiet since the C3E departed on Sunday 6th. The Events team held a send-off party for the fleet the night before the launch, which was well-attended and proved a lot of fun. Since then, the Colony has been treated to countless images of the incredible sights on the expedition's route via long-range transmission.
Colonia Nebula Project
The CNP has been quiet of late, as it's busy coordinators, Cmdrs EfilOne and Alex Ringess, take some time out. The latest navigational update from the Pilot's Federation has enabled the Project members to effortlessly catalogue astronomical bodies as they are scanned, meaning an end to the form-filling that characterised the Project's early days.
Geographic Survey Project
One of CCN's younger projects, the Geographic Survey Project (GSP) only numbers 11 members so far. While the CNP seeks to exhaustively catalogue the Nebula's astronomical bodies, the GSP aims to make those places feel more like our new home – by mapping and naming noteworthy features like mountains, ravines, canyons, geysers, valleys, craters and volcanoes.
Cmdr Tharrn, one of the Survey Coordinators, has been quietly building the infrastructure needed for the work to begin.
“The plan is to have some community polls on names for the planets in the Colonia system, as well as the surrounding systems that have outposts,” he told the Gazette.
Events
The Events office at Colonia Hub has been buzzing for the past month, hosting great occasions nearly every weekend in Colonia. Held in October were the King of the Plateau, SRV Hitchhike, and the big Running Man Grand Prix, celebrating the 1,000th Colonist joining the Network. All were major successes in attendance and enjoyment.
“Our biggest event so far in November was the Send-Off Party for C3E, with an amazing turnout,” said Cmdr Petroph, the indomitable Head of Events.
“Everyone had a blast and we had a pretty sizeable mass jump. However, with the C3E event, many active citizens are no longer in Colonia. Events around Colonia may be more scarce until the C3E expedition and the Christmas Carriers Convoy (CCC) gets back.”
That hasn't stopped the Events team growing, however, with Cmdr Kitsuniro Kuzuko adding his talents to the group. Their focus is now on filling the calendar for January, so that when the returning expeditions swell the Colony's ranks there will be plenty to keep everyone occupied.
Colonia Militia Forces
The latest groups to enter into the mutual defence pact for the Colony were the Earth Defense Fleet (EDF) and the German-speaking Explorer On Tour, bringing the total number of pledged groups to thirteen. The EDF's exploratory arm, the Earth Expeditionary Fleet, is heavily involved with the Militia Escort for the Christmas Carriers Convoy.
The Militia's top unit, the Colonial Marines, grew to eleven members; Cmdrs Alex Ringess, Ar'Vessah, Hasmodai, Erimus Kamzel, Ragnar Starquester, Souvarine, Qwertyuiopas, Tharrn, unrealisation, Yuksarr and Zephrow have all earned the right to fly the respected Green Ridgenose colours on their patrol Vipers.
But the overwhelming focus for all at the Barracks this month has been preparations for the looming Christmas Carriers Convoy, which today passed 400 signups. This monumental expedition, departing the Bubble on December 2nd, is to be escorted by Militia pilots through the Scutum-Sagittarii Conflux region, the scene of much activity over recent days. Pilots throughout the Militia have been making the long pilgrimage back to the Bubble in order to prepare for launch day.
Cmdr Ian Doncaster of the Iridium Wing, who is heading up the Militia's Escort operations, has been making use of his considerable strategic expertise in the plans for the Big Launch.
“Hundreds of fully loaded transports make an obvious target for pirates, and it's vital we protect them – not just for the obvious cargo they carry, but for the survey data they'll collect as they traverse the highway. Data which will be more valuable to Colonia long-term than any goods,” he told the Gazette.
Miners and Rockrats
One of CCN's largest communities, the Miners and Rockrats were mobilised in force in October for the Colonia Council's push to gather Palladium in order to strengthen the Colony's infrastructure. In all, 755 miners gathered 179,798 tons of the rare metal.
As well as sheer numbers, Colonia's miners have been coming up with ingenious ways to use data to improve their yields – gathering mining logs from their ships' scanners to determine what micro materials exist in each resource-rich location, for example. So far, 14,255 materials have been logged in this way. The Belt Asteroid Catalogue has also increased to 589 asteroids, allowing the miners to–remarkably–predict resources in as yet-unmapped belt clusters.
Cmdrs Ultros and Fuchsov succeeded in mapping the first diamond asteroids in one of the 36 recently-discovered extraction sites in the Nebula, which will no doubt provide a source of valuable trading wealth for the Colony.
The Miners have also been directing their efforts to strengthening those young factions trying to promote law and order in Colonia.
“Miners have been helping cooperative Colonia factions attempting to expand to new systems over the last few weeks, by taking on missions to provide them with raw materials,” Cmdr YinYin told the Gazette.
Press and Media
The Running Man Grand Prix, held exactly eight weeks after CCN first launched, was undoubtedly one of the Media team's greatest achievements to date, broadcast live seamlessly from several camera crews. Since then, the team's big focus has been preparations for the Christmas Carriers Convoy.
Cmdr unrealisation has taken over running CCN TV, and Maximilian Reach's team of Video Editors continue to produce stunning work like the CCC promotional video. In addition, Cmdr Atomicb0mb639 has stepped in to manage CCN's social media.
“I'm excited to be able to help,” he told your correspondent.
All in all, a palpable sense of anticipation can be felt in Colonia at the moment. What with party season in full swing, last-minute preparations for the CCC, as well as the knowledge that many more groups of pilots will be coming out to the Nebula over the next few weeks, it certainly is a great time to be a Colonist.
If you would like to get involved with any of CCN's Projects, or have an idea for your own that you'd like the community's help with, feel free to join the network here and speak to a Custodian.
Advertisements
In every movement there is an essence being expressed. A fundamental to what it shows, teaches, reveals, or otherwise suggests. There may even be a few – internal movements, external movements, energetic movements, spiritual movements – all in one ‘move'. In the Original Method of internal arts what we are learning is how take ourselves through the process of learning and change, using the context of the practice as the vehicle. We aren't learning Taiji, we're learning about the way we learn Taiji. Perhaps the context we have for picking up something is to be excessively repetitive, applying force again and again. Or maybe we're lazy and barely examine it, saying what we have is good enough.
Original method is a short-circuit for this patterning giving us the ability to reset every time we practice.
For example; if we are learning a movement in a form context – we can extract it and turn it into a bilateral qigong like movement. We can then repeat this movement on a line. We can then apply a linking practice between this and other movements. We may even apply further concepts like shape, dimension, intent, timing, etc. Finally, we can re-integrate into our form. The important part is not ‘getting better at the practice', but instead freeing ourselves to go through this process of dimensional learning.
There are numerous personal obstacles we face along the way, and this suggests the beginnings of the lifestyle change arts. Making the time, having the interest and inclination, the ability, and good fortune to study a deep and endless network of material.
The healing mechanism of the practices and the evolutionary process are deeply linked to this ability.
Most DVD's, instructional manuals, courses, teachers, and classes teach you how to learn the subject matter as the result, but typically not how to learn from the essence so you can teach yourself. When there are discussions about inner and outer form revealed, it is my belief that it pertains to this topic.
When this process of learning is re-learned, or we forget our ‘acquired learning' state which is what we learn in school typically, it can be applied to anything. The challenge for ourselves then becomes transposition: taking what is learned from the practice and applying it to life.
Our practices can grow when we choose to value our view as much as the learning of method.
Advertisements
Seoul/Washington: South Korea said on Wednesday there was a “very high" probability that North Korea, after weeks of threats of war, would test-launch a medium-range missile at any time as a show of strength.
Foreign minister Yun Byung-se said South Korea had asked China and Russia to intercede with the North to ease tension that has mounted since the UN Security Council imposed fresh sanctions on North Korea after its third nuclear arms test in February.
Most observers say Pyongyang has no intention of igniting a conflict that could bring its own destruction, but warn of the risks of miscalculation on the highly-militarised Korean peninsula.
All was calm in the South Korean capital Seoul, long used to North Korean invective under its 30-year-old leader Kim Jong-un. Offices worked normally and customers crowded into city-centre cafes.
Seoul stocks edged up 0.77% from a four-and-a-half-month low hit earlier in the week, though trading was light with threats from the North still clouding the picture. The won currency gained 0.3%.
Other officials in Seoul said surveillance of North Korean activity had been enhanced. Missile transporters had been spotted in South Hamgyong province along North Korea's east coast - a possible site for a launch.
North Korea observes several anniversaries in the next few days and they could be pretexts for displays of military strength. These include the first anniversary of Kim's formal ascent to power, the 20th anniversary of rule by his father, Kim Jong-il, who died in 2011, and the anniversary, next Monday, of the birth of the young Kim's grandfather, state founder Kim Il-Sung.
The near-daily threats to South Korea and the United States of recent weeks were muted in the North's state media on Wednesday, with the focus largely on the upcoming festivities.
State television showed mass gatherings, including women in traditional flowing robes, listening to addresses, laying flowers at monuments and taking part in a culinary competition.
The North's KCNA news agency said people were “doing their best to decorate cities". Another dispatch reported a “production upsurge" in the coal, steel, iron and timber industries, with figures showing a quarterly plan set by authorities had been “overfulfilled".
In Washington, Admiral Samuel Locklear, the commander of US forces in the Pacific region, said the US military believed North Korea had moved an unspecified number of Musudan missiles to its east coast.
The trajectory of the missile, if launched, is unclear as the North has failed to inform international bodies— as it did in previous instances — of the path it is expected to take. But it is unlikely to be aimed directly at the South.
The Musudan has a range of 3,500 km (2,100 miles) or more, according to South Korea, which would put Japan within range and may even threaten Guam, home to US bases. South Korea can be reached by the North's short-range Scud missiles.
Launch possible “at any time"
Foreign Minister Yun told a parliamentary hearing: “According to intelligence obtained by our side and the US, the possibility of a missile launch by North Korea is very high."
North Korea, he said, could launch a Musudan missile “at any time from now".
The US-South Korea Combined Forces Command in Seoul raised its “Watchcon 3" status, a normal condition, by one level to boost monitoring and increase the number of intelligence staff, a senior military official told the South's Yonhap news agency.
Yonhap also reported that South Korea, which has not joined a US-led global missile defence system, was planning to develop a system of its own. It quoted an unidentified senior military official as saying this would involve early warning radars, ship-to-air and land-based systems, to be used in conjunction with US early warning satellites.
Yun said he was coordinating with China and Russia “to make efforts to persuade North Korea to change its attitude".
China is North Korea's sole major ally, although its influence over Pyongyang is open to question and Beijing has, in any event, endorsed the new sanctions. Moscow backed North Korea in Soviet times, though its influence has waned.
“There is no disagreement with the United States over North Korea," Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said at a meeting with US secretary of state John Kerry in London, where G8 foreign ministers are to hold talks.
“One should not frighten anybody with military manoeuvres," he was quoted as saying. “There is a chance everything will calm down."
A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman issued a fresh appeal for restraint and said nothing about any possible effort to bring about a change in the North's policy.
Patricia Lewis, research director at the London-based Chatham House think-tank, said that strictly on the basis of the North's vast conventional forces, caution was required.
“The conventional military capabilities of North Korea are all too real and all too close to Seoul," she wrote in a paper. “Any incursion could escalate involving the US and Japan, China, perhaps Russia and others."
The North has tested short-range Scud missiles. The longer-range Musudan and Nodong missiles are an unknown quantity.
“If the missile was in defence of the homeland, I would certainly recommend that action (of intercepting it). And if it was defence of our allies, I would recommend that action," Locklear told a Senate hearing in Washington.
Pyongyang has threatened a nuclear strike on the United States — something it does not have the capacity to carry out - and “war" with “puppet" South Korea — threats that appear to be aimed at least in part at boosting internal support for Kim.
Military exercises
The North is also angry about weeks of joint South Korean-US military exercises. About 28,000 US forces are permanently based in South Korea.
US secretary of state John Kerry visits Seoul this week.
On Tuesday, the North told foreigners in South Korea to leave to avoid being dragged into a “thermonuclear war". It previously warned diplomats in Pyongyang to prepare to leave.
The European Union told North Korea on Wednesday the increasing tensions on the Korean peninsula did not justify pulling out EU states' diplomats.
The North closed a money-spinning industrial park it operates with South Korean companies this week, putting at risk a venture that is one of its few sources of hard cash.
Officials said 292 South Koreans remained in the complex just inside the North Korean border, apparently waiting for clarification over Pyongyang's plans.
In China's northeast region of Dandong, tour operators said they had been told by authorities to halt overland tourism to North Korea and some tourists were turned away. Other tours, including those involving air travel, were operating as usual. Reuters
One day it might be seen as the starting point in a long run of league dominance. For now it's an uncomfortable topic.
Many Calgary Stampeders remain haunted by last November's historic upset in the 104th Grey Cup Championship, a 39-33 loss to the Ottawa REDBLACKS in overtime.
“I haven't even watched it yet,” sophomore receiver DaVaris Daniels told CFL.ca in an interview during Mark's CFL Week last month in Regina. “I've been trying to get to it. I actually tried to get to it last week but my iPad was dead. So I was just like, it's not meant to be, I'm not supposed to watch it.
“It's been tough. Knowing how it ended and everything was tough.”
This, of course, is the Canadian Football League, where no lead is safe and any team can win on any given day. But when the 15-2-1 Calgary Stampeders took on the sub .500 Ottawa REDBLACKS that Sunday night in November, the Stamps simply expected to win.
The Stampeders were the heavy favourite that night in Toronto. And maybe, as their star quarterback Bo Levi Mitchell concedes, a little over-confident.
“I think the cockiness and the big-headedness came from being very, very respectful of BC and knowing who they were and how explosive they were and the way we handled them,” said Mitchell.
“I think we got very, very confident in that fact. It was like, ‘oh man, this is it. We did it. We got past BC'.
The Stamps had handled their closest regular season competition in convincing fashion, defeating the Lions 42-15 in the Western Final in a game that was over by halftime.
One more win would seal one of the single greatest seasons the CFL has ever seen for a team, and it was against a REDBLACKS squad Calgary had beaten 48-23 back in September.
“In your head you're like, ‘hey, Edmonton's going to make it', and then you see Ottawa and you're almost like, ‘oh nice. Henry's been a bit of hurt, they've had some quarterback controversy. It's going to be a good thing for us',” said Mitchell.
“Then seeing Henry get hurt in pre-game, you're like, ‘oh man, we have this. They're not going to be locked in the right way'.”
Of the five sub-.500 teams that had made the Grey Cup previously, two had come out on top. And before last November, the biggest upset by win differential in a Grey Cup was in 2001 when the 8-10 Stamps took down the 14-4 Bombers, 27-19.
On this occasion, Burris overcame that pre-game knee injury before etching his name in the CFL history book with 461 passing yards, the fourth-highest ever in a Grey Cup, to go with five combined touchdowns. He was the Grey Cup MVP on a wonky knee at age 41.
Mitchell, the league's Most Outstanding Player after throwing for 5,385 yards, 32 touchdowns and only eight interceptions during the regular season, threw three interceptions in the loss.
Looking back, Mitchell says he would have played the game differently. The Stamps' quarterback admits he tried to force some things.
“One thing [Head Coach Dave Dickenson and General Manager John Hufnagel] said to me was ‘you had one of the best seasons in CFL history but did you try and put a stamp on it at the end of the year?' And I was like, ‘yeah'.
“I wanted to make all the big plays and the big throws and almost engineer things to happen instead of letting my athletes make plays,” he continued. “I changed that up in the second half and we came back and made things happen but just fell short at the very end.”
History's greatest dynasties are often traced to a single altering event. Last November's upset may just have created a monster.
The Stampeders were one of the CFL's best regular season teams ever in 2016 and now they have something to stew over. And that, no one's uncomfortable talking about.
“It hurts. To make it that far and make it deep and barely lose a game,” said Stamps defensive end Charleston Hughes, the CFL's sack leader last season with 16 quarterback takedowns. “To have a winning season like that and to lose in the championship, it's bittersweet and it hurts. But at the same time you have to find a way to learn upon the mistakes that were made in that game and come back even better.”
A nine-year CFL veteran, Hughes could have tested free agency coming off the second-best season of his career. But on top of the desire to finish his career in red and white was also the unfinished business.
“I think other teams should be scared,” said Hughes. “We're going to come back and we're going to be a better team and we're not going to make the same mistakes twice.
“We're going to make better decisions this season. We're gunning for nothing but a championship.”
It's resonated with Jerome Messam, too. The Stamps' power running back led the CFL with 1,198 rushing yards last season and infamously didn't get the football on a second-and-short with the chance to win the Grey Cup in regulation.
Nothing has changed Messam's world more than the birth of his daughter but what happened last November will motivate him.
“It's definitely a motivating factor to come so far and have the season we did for it to come down to the last two seconds of the game,” said Messam. “We know the game could have had a different outcome but we also know we fell short.
“We can't put any blame or point the finger at anyone besides us as individuals. We'll see what we can do to change things and be better and bounce back this year.”
“I'll be bottling that feeling and taking a drink out of it before every single game. It's like that spinach for Popeye.” Bo Levi Mitchell on Grey Cup heartbreak
For Mitchell, meanwhile, it's a feeling he never wants to experience again. That always wondering what could have — or maybe what should have been.
The Katy, Texas native has felt it multiple times now. He was on the sidelines and even took on mop up duty when the 14-4 Stampeders fell to the 9-9 Argos in the 100th Grey Cup Championship in Toronto back in 2012.
“That feeling, it teaches the young guys and it humbles the old guys,” said Mitchell. “In the CFL, anybody can win any given day.”
The Stamps' quarterback also welcomed a baby daughter to the world this off-season, putting some of these things into perspective.
Mitchell will bear that on his shoulders come June, but that's not all.
“The one thing I remember, looking back at the game, is staring at the scoreboard and being in such disbelief like ‘there's no way. There's no way this is real. Something's going to happen and I'm going to wake up and the game's going to be tomorrow and we're going to play and we're going to beat them',” said Mitchell.
“I'll be bottling that feeling and taking a drink out of it before every single game. It's like that spinach for Popeye. Every single time I go into a game, that's the feeling I'm going to think about and you're not going to want to be up against me next year.”
A committee has raised $207,000 to help Mayor Naheed Nenshi pay his legal bill from a settled defamation lawsuit.
City council voted in March 2016 to have the city cover the $300,000 in legal bills racked up by Nenshi.
He hired a lawyer to defend himself against a lawsuit filed by businessman Cal Wenzel. The homebuilder sued Nenshi for remarks made by the mayor in the 2013 election campaign.
Nenshi and Wenzel settled the suit out of court in December 2015.
While the city paid the mayor's legal bill, council voted to require him to repay the city the same amount.
Volunteers run fundraising committee
Businessman Dean Koeller stepped forward last November to chair the volunteer committee to raise the money because he didn't think it was fair Nenshi be stuck with paying back the city.
"It was important for we, as Calgarians, to support our politicians and to give them the space in order to have a voice and not feel that they're going to be held personally responsible for their opinions," said Koeller.
Koeller and Colin Jackson, the former president of Calgary's performing arts centre (now Arts Commons) and several other committee members are raising money by tapping their personal and professional networks for donations.
Donors get tax receipts from city
Koeller tells CBC News they are giving money to the city as they receive it. Donors are given charitable tax receipts by the city as the money is used to support municipal programs and services.
Dean Koeller chairs a committe fundraising on behalf of Mayor Naheed Nenshi to repay a $300,000 legal bill. (Scott Dippel/CBC) He rejects any suggestion that the tax receipt is a big motivator for donors.
"The individuals that we've located in our network that are interested in supporting this issue believe in the reasons why we're supporting the issue as opposed to the benefit that you receive from a taxable donation," said Koeller.
He said they thought it would be easy to raise $300,000 but he's surprised it's proving to be more difficult than expected in meeting their target.
The maximum allowable donation is $10,000. CBC News has learned that at least six donors have given that maximum amount.
Ethics advisor set the rules
Nenshi ran his fundraising plan past council's ethics advisor, Alice Woolley.
She set out some broad rules for the effort:
Nenshi should not take part in the fundraising campaign.
The fundraising committee shouldn't include his family, any council members or city employees.
Donations would be limited to a $10,000 maximum (twice what municipal election candidates are legally allowed to accept annually).
The names of donors giving more than $100 must be publicly disclosed.
If the committee doesn't raise the entire $300,000, then Nenshi must pay the balance himself but can rely on contributions from family members and personal friends.
In a letter to Nenshi dated May 19, 2016, Woolley advised Nenshi that "while donations will be made to the City of Calgary, they provide a benefit to you."
Chabot says issuing receipts 'kind of weird'
Coun. Andre Chabot, who has announced he will run against Nenshi for the mayor's chair this fall, calls it "strange" that charitable tax receipts are being issued.
"Anytime that we fundraise municipally, that's the one big hurdle for us is that we can't issue tax deductible receipts so, yeah it's kind of weird," said Chabot.
He's also concerned that the committee is accepting donations up to $10,000.
"Are there expectations that go along with that? That would be the question for me," said Chabot.
Nenshi has said he doesn't want to know who the contributors are until the fundraising effort is done.
In her letter to Nenshi, Woolley wrote that a deadline of the end of 2016 sounded reasonable to her.
Koeller said the fundraising committee wasn't even formed until November 2016 when he got involved.
He adds the work of the committee will continue until it reaches its target.
Lib Dems rule out working with Labour because of our Brexit stance, but would back Tories using Brexit to create a bargain basement Britain. pic.twitter.com/mRtddugAPp — Jeremy Corbyn MP (@jeremycorbyn) January 20, 2017
Jeremy Corbyn's team have used an IBTimes UK video without authorisation in a tweet to attack Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron on Friday (20 January).
The 'ripped' footage, in which Farron fails to rule out going into a coalition government with the Conservatives again, was posted on the Labour leader's official verified Twitter account @JeremyCorbyn.
The move comes hours after Farron ruled out a Liberal Democrat-Labour electoral pact as Corbyn has promised to not block the invoking of Article 50, the mechanism to split from the EU.
The footage was brought to the attention of IBTimes UK. It included an edited version of an interview by senior political reporter Ian Silvera with added text and sound effects. Several hours after a request for attribution via Twitter had been made, no one from Labour had responded.
An IBTimes UK spokesperson said: "While it is flattering to know that the Labour leader and his team watch International Business Times UK video and consume our content, we have not received any requests for use of this material.
"Standard protocol is to request permission from the content creator and/or to credit any use. It was something of a surprise therefore to see this video appear on Jeremy Corbyn's verified Twitter account without its original IBT branding and edited to add sound effects."
The Liberal Democrat press office, meanwhile, did respond to the tweet at the time. Later, a Liberal Democrat source said: "Labour like their position on Article 50 is useless. Corbyn is toxic and they are just a shambles."
UPDATE: The video was removed from Corbyn's Twitter account on Monday 23 January.
If you carry an iPhone but would rather accessorize it with a Moto 360 than an Apple Watch, you might just get that choice without resorting to unofficial tricks. Sources for French outlet 01net claim that Google is "preparing to launch" an iOS version of its Android Wear app. There aren't any other details, although it's safe to say that third-party app support would require additional effort -- it wouldn't be an Android-to-Android connection any more, after all. This is very much a rumor and may not pan out, so don't assume that you'll be strapping on a Huawei Watch any time soon. With that said, Google isn't strictly denying that something is afoot. The folks in Mountain View tell us they "don't have anything to share at this time," so hope springs eternal.
Improving on Vi Improved
Posted on September 7, 2017 by Dmitry Ivanov
Vim emulation in Yi is far from perfect. It would be interesting to have a test suite to quantify what portion of Vim one or the other editor implements and have a leaderboard and a healthy competition. The most useful metric for the quality of Vim emulation that I have is saying to a person new to Yi to try and use it like Vim and counting the seconds until something doesn't work as expected.
Nevertheless, Yi has some little bits and pieces in its emulation that are improvements over the real Vim. Just today I finally realized that I often go from insert mode to normal mode just to go back a character or two. But there already is a very popular shortcut for going back a character: <C-b> ! It works in a shell, in many commandline programs, in text fields in macOS, in emacs of course.
What does it do in Vim? Inserts ^B , which is probably less useful thing. So as of today <C-f> and <C-b> move the cursor instead of doing nothing in insert mode. Going through other standard readline bindings and porting some to insert mode in Yi would be a good beginner project.
Of course, there are other ways in Vim (and Yi) to move the cursor one character left, like <C-o>h and the left arrow (no judging). I just find <C-b> to be the easiest.
Another tiny bit where Yi improves on Vim is blockwise visual insertion. While in Vim you have to type the whole thing, press Escape and then observe the result, Yi updates all rows live. This one is best described with a screen recording:
This should have been a video, oh well.
For some more (probably more obscure) points where Yi is intentionally incompatible with Vim, see yi-keymap-vim readme
The filmmaker also spoke about the possibility of a "Get Out" sequel.
Following his mega-successful directorial debut “Get Out,” Jordan Peele was approached by Warner Bros. to helm the long-planned live-action adaptation of the iconic cyberpunk manga “Akira.” However, the director turned down the offer.
READ MORE: ‘Get Out' Opens Hollywood's Doors for a Promising Director: Here's Why Jordan Peele Should Be Wary
“I think [I could do it] if the story justifies it,” Peele told Blumhouse.com. “‘Akira' is one of my favorite movies, and I think obviously the story justifies as big a budget as you can possibly dream of. But the real question for me is: Do I want to do pre-existing material, or do I want to do original content? At the end of the day, I want to do original stuff.”
So, what is next for Peele? According to The Hollywood Reporter, the director, who recently signed a two-year first-look deal with Universal Pictures, is working on another social thriller, which he will write, helm and produce, just as he did with “Get Out.”
READ MORE: The 20 Best Horror Movies Of The 21st Century, From '28 Days Later' to ‘Get Out'
Peele told Blumhouse.com, “You know, here's the thing… when they say you gotta try and top [the success of ‘Get Out'], it's like yes, in some ways, but for me that can mean a bunch of different things. I don't want to try and make the same movie again. I want to make a very different movie — a movie that utilizes some of the same things that worked for me about ‘Get Out,' but a completely different movie.”
As for a “Get Out” sequel, the director said, “Look, I feel like there's much more depth to the world [of ‘Get Out']. I would only deliver the audience a sequel if I felt like I was going to beat the original. So you know, I'm on the case. I'm on the case.”
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Catherine Zeta Jones has checked herself into a mental health facility for treatment of bipolar II disorder, her rep confirmed to CNN on Wednesday. The 41-year-old actress has been by husband Michael Douglas' side since his treatment for throat cancer last fall.
(Health.com) -- Although the symptoms of bipolar disorder can vary significantly from person to person, mental health professionals have identified four main subtypes of the illness that together are referred to as bipolar spectrum disorders: bipolar I, bipolar II, bipolar not otherwise specified, and cyclothymia.
Factors that differentiate the types of bipolar include the duration and intensity of the mood swings. Knowing which type you have can help doctors choose the right course of treatment, according to Gabrielle Carlson, M.D., professor of psychiatry and pediatrics at Stony Brook University Medical Center, in New York.
Bipolar I
People who have bipolar I -- the "classic" bipolar disorder -- have experienced one or more manic episodes lasting at least a week and almost always one or more major depressive episodes.
Manic episodes bring an abnormally elevated mood. A person may be agitated, have grandiose ideas, need less sleep, be easily distracted, and act impulsively.
Health.com: 10 subtle signs of bipolar disorder
Depressive episodes bring feelings of sadness, hopelessness, guilt, worthlessness, and pessimism; patients may experience difficulty concentrating, a loss of interest in normal daily activities, and changes in eating and sleeping habits. It's considered a depressive episode if the person experiences several of these symptoms for most of the day for more than two weeks.
Bipolar disorder can also cause psychosis, which may include hallucinations (seeing things that aren't there) or delusions (strongly held beliefs not based in reality and not influenced by rational thinking).
Men and women are equally likely to have bipolar disorder, although a 2005 study in the "American Journal of Psychiatry" found that men are more likely to have their first manic episode at a younger age. The disease is also evenly distributed among ethnicities, says S. Nassir Ghaemi, M.D., the director of the Mood Disorders Program at Tufts Medical Center, in Boston.
In bipolar disorder, periods of depression typically last longer than manic episodes. Depression can last for a year or longer, while manic episodes rarely go on for longer than a few months. If treatment is successful, bipolar patients may experience months or years of mood stability between episodes, although one-third have some residual symptoms, according to the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH).
Health.com: Tips for managing bipolar disorder
Bipolar II
Depression is the primary characteristic of bipolar II. While those with bipolar II do have "up" periods, these episodes are less marked. Instead of full-blown mania, people with bipolar II experience hypomania, a milder form of mania. Studies show that women are slightly more likely to have bipolar II.
Though a person with bipolar II may deny that anything is wrong, loved ones will probably notice that he or she seems agitated, is flying off the handle more often, or seems unusually upbeat.
Bipolar II is sometimes mistaken for depression because the hypomanic periods are harder to detect. Over time, without treatment, hypomania -- the "up" period -- can progress into mania or turn into a depressed state.
Bipolar disorder not otherwise specified (NOS)
This is a catchall category for those who seem to have bipolar disorder, but who don't fit neatly into any category.
For an illness to be considered bipolar I, for example, a manic episode needs to last at least a week. If the manic episode lasts only three days, doctors may say you have bipolar disorder not otherwise specified, Carlson says.
Health.com: Bipolar celebrities: does it make them more creative?
Other bipolar variations
Bipolar disorder is a complex condition that isn't easy to categorize. Some people have bipolar I without ever having experienced a major depressive episode, though this is unusual.
People with bipolar disorder may also experience a mixed episode, symptoms of depression and mania simultaneously.
"If you're manic, you may not be going 100 mph every second of every day," Carlson says. "You may be moody and have ups and downs. You are wired but your emotions are completely dysregulated. Someone tells you they hate your lipstick, and you may burst into tears or hit them in the nose."
And even if you've been diagnosed with a particular type of bipolar, it doesn't mean that your symptoms will remain the same over time, or even that you will remain in the same subtype.
Left untreated, bipolar disorder tends to worsen over time, according to the NIMH. Episodes can be more severe or can begin to cycle rapidly. About 20 percent to 25 percent of people have four or more distinct episodes of mania or depression in a year, according to Ghaemi. This is called rapid cycling, and it can occur in those with bipolar I, II, or NOS. Rapid cycling tends to happen later in the course of the illness and is more common in women than men.
Health.com: Bipolar disorder is different for women
Even within rapid-cycling bipolar disorder, there are many variables.
While some who are rapid cycling have periods of normality between episodes, a smaller number careen from high to low without any breaks in between; this is sometimes called continuous cycling. An even smaller group has ultra rapid, ultra-ultra rapid, or ultradian cycling, which can bring multiple mood shifts in a single day.
Rapid-cycling bipolar disease poses challenges for physicians trying to determine the correct treatment, because antidepressants can cause manic episodes to flare or get worse.
Be sure to write down the details of your manic episodes, including your symptoms, feelings, and how long the episode lasts, so your doctor is better able to help.
Health.com: 10 must-read books about bipolar disorder
Cyclothymia
People who have cyclothymia are often considered by their loved ones to be extremely moody. They have a history of cycling through "up" and "down" periods, none of which are so severe or last long enough to qualify as mania or major depression.
People with cyclothymia may have bursts of energy and need less sleep, followed by mild depression. "Very few people have to come to the doctor for treatment for cyclothymia," says Carlson.
Some mental health professionals consider cyclothymia to be a condition distinct from bipolar. But not all mental health professionals agree. Ghaemi says cyclothymia is a personality trait, albeit one that's related to bipolar.
Research shows that people who have a parent or close family member with cyclothymia are more likely to have bipolar disorder. In addition, people with bipolar disorder have a greater tendency to experience cyclothymia between episodes of depression or mania.
"In my view, it's a temperament," Ghaemi adds
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
Now that President Obama has officially joined the crowd which wants America to believe that it's Russia's fault that Donald Trump won the presidential election, it's quite timely to revisit an item published in the Boston Globe during the week before Thanksgiving.
The author, Diane Hessan, is an experienced entrepreneur who had a four-month special assignment to help the Hillary Clinton campaign "understand undecided voters in swing states." Hessan appears to have done fine work, which in turn appears to have been ignored. Her post-campaign conclusion? Hillary Clinton lost undecideds in key swing states because of one word — and it wasn't "Russia," a word not seen even once in her writeup.
Hessan, unlike so many leftists who simply won't look in the mirror to see where the problem is, appears to have learned quite a bit from the experience, which also likely goes a long way towards explaining why she has been a successful entrepreneur (HT longtime commenter Gary Hall; bolds are mine):
Understanding the undecided voters ... At first, I couldn't understand how anyone could be undecided. The distinction between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton was so clear to me, the gap so wide. Much to my surprise, it was easy to find the Undecideds: people who had significant enough reservations about both candidates that they were searching for a sign, looking for more information, or just waiting it out until November. Over the summer, I found and interviewed over 300 undecided voters, and 250 of them agreed to stay in touch, to send me weekly diary entries about their emotions, what they were thinking about both Clinton and Trump, and how they were leaning when it came to their vote. I had no responsibility to change their views; instead, I synthesized the data that I was collecting, and reported in to the campaign. I also added the insights that I had and made regular suggestions about how the campaign might better articulate its positions and modify its strategies. ... George's story was one I ultimately heard over and over: He had lived in that part of Pennsylvania (Wilkes-Barre) his entire life, had worked hard, raised a family, paid his debts, sacrificed to get his kids through Wilkes University, and tried to do the right thing for others. “The government never helped me, but I was OK with that,” he said. “I made mistakes, had some scary moments, and my wife worked also at the local library to help out. I paid my bills, including my doctor bills. “Now I see my tax dollars going to handouts for others who don't want to work as hard as I did, and I can't afford my health care. Everyone is being taken care of but me. I feel left out, and it makes me feel that I want my country back.”
Hessan doesn't specifically indicate it, but she should have seen the final two bolded sections as a red flag that ObamaCare was a millstone hanging around all Democrats' necks, especially Hillary Clinton's. That's because the left has long considered her the brave pioneer who tried and failed to nationalize health care in the early 1990s. Mrs. Clinton's problem was compounded when Obama injected himself so deeply into the race during its final weeks and made the election a referendum on his performance and legacy, which obviously includes what the press still obsessively describes as his "signature achievement."
In earlier text, Hessan revealed that "George" is 58 years old. Let's look at what he and his wife would face if they are both the same age, have combined earnings of over $64,160, and need to buy insurance on the ObamaCare exchange. (If "George" is not in these circumstances, odds are he knows people who are.)
The estimated annual Silver Plan premium for their area for 2017 is $19,256, i.e., 30 percent of the subsidy-ending gross income threshold — for very high-deductible insurance. The actual range for eligible plans runs from $15,060 to $23,772, with individual deductibles ranging from $1,000 to $6,800.
Until ObamaCare came along, people like "George," or people he knows in these circumstances, could be outraged about "tax dollars going to handouts," but at least they got by financially. That simply isn't so when one has to pay out roughly $1,300 to $2,000 per month just for health insurance (by the way, if "George" and his wife were both 64, the estimated annual premium would be $22,671), and it can certainly affect one's attitude towards "handouts."
The point here is ObamaCare likely changed the mental outlook of a lot of people who had previously been inclined to accept the core pillars of the entitlements system, because its costs were relatively invisible. Thanks to ObamaCare, they aren't invisible any more. They're very painful, and horribly unfair. All Hillary Clinton promised to do was to tweak this absolutely unacceptable setup.
Getting back to Hessan's column:
... There was one moment when I saw more undecided voters shift to Trump than any other, when it all changed, when voters began to speak differently about their choice. It wasn't FBI Director James Comey, Part One or Part Two; it wasn't Benghazi or the e-mails or Bill Clinton's visit with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on the tarmac. No, the conversation shifted the most during the weekend of Sept. 9, after Clinton said, “You can put half of Trump supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables.” All hell broke loose. George told me that his neighborhood was outraged, that many of his hard-working, church-going, family-loving friends resented being called that name. He told me that he looked up the word in the dictionary, and that it meant something so bad that there is no hope, like the aftermath of a tsunami. You know, he said, Clinton ended up being the biggest bully of them all. Whereas Trump bullied her, she bullied Wilkes Barre. Things were not the same after that, at least with my voters.
Note, at least based on Hessan's observations, that Mrs. Clinton's "deplorables" statement broke through the fog, despite the best efforts of the establishment press to downplay and ignore it. The Associated Press covered it, but it baldly lied in its headline about what Mrs. Clinton had said, claiming that she only tagged "many," not half, of Trump's supporters as "deplorables."
It only took a week for the press to pretend that Mrs. Clinton's comment never happened. On September 17, the New York Times, in an item temporarily fretting that Mrs. Clinton might lose, didn't even mention that statement.
Fortunately, Donald Trump and New Media didn't let it die, which breaks Hessan's heart. But she has learned a valuable lesson:
If you had asked me to describe a Trump voter last spring, I would have been largely wrong about their motivations, dreams, and even their values. Sure, there are extremists among them, but it was eye-opening to realize how legitimate the concerns of many are, and to realize that, if I just listened hard, I would find that I have more in common with the Georges of the world that I could ever have imagined. Empathy — trying to understand others as deeply as possible — is an important first step, whether around the Thanksgiving table or in social media. President Obama said it eloquently last week, noting that our election is ultimately an intramural scrimmage because we are all on one team.
Great points, but I hope she realizes, based on his actions since Thanksgiving, and especially his paranoid promotion of the idea that Donald Trump won the presidency because of Russian intervention, that Obama doesn't really mean what he said about how "we are all on one team."
Is anyone in the press bringing up the "deplorables" factor Diane Hessan tagged as the presidential election's turning point? Barely, if at all.
A search at the Associated Press's main national site, where entries tend to remain available for about two weeks, doesn't return any articles containing that word. The most recent use of the word at the AP's "Big Story" site is November 13 (a few later items appear because they use the word "deplore," but are unrelated to the U.S. election).
Though the "D-word" has appeared five times at the New York Times in the past two weeks, only one has been in the context of leftists trying to analyze Mrs. Clinton's loss. It's a November 26 editorial, which only acknowledges that "[h]er characterization of a swath of Mr. Trump's supporters as 'deplorables' and 'irredeemable' didn't help." The bigger problem? "Sexism and racial bigotry obviously played roles in her defeat."
Cross-posted at BizzyBlog.com.
Coming Soon
Wine Country
When a group of longtime girlfriends goes to Napa for the weekend to celebrate their friend's 50th birthday, tensions from the past boil over.
Over the Moon
In this animated musical, a girl builds a rocket ship and blasts off, hoping to meet a mythical moon goddess. Legendary animator Glen Keane directs.
Virgin River
After seeing an ad for a midwife, a recently divorced big-city nurse moves to the redwood forests of California, where she meets an intriguing man.
The Dirt
In this dramatization of Mötley Crüe's no-holds-barred autobiography, the band hits the monster highs and savage lows of heavy metal superstardom.
Tijuana
When a prominent politician is murdered in cold blood, intrepid local journalists risk their lives to uncover the truth.
Messiah
When a man in the Middle East appears to be performing miracles, a rift breaks out over whether he's the Messiah or a fraud in this suspenseful drama.
The Ghost Bride
In the 1890s Malacca, a young woman finds herself in the afterlife and becomes mired in a murder mystery connected to the deceased son of a wealthy family.
No Good Nick
A family finds their lives turned upside down when a young, street-smart grifter shows up on their doorstep, claiming to be a distant relative.
Running is a great way to enjoy summer, explore where you live and get fit at the same time.
Starting to run is as easy as walking out your front door and putting one foot in front of the other.
RELATED: TRENDING LIFE & STYLE NEWS THIS HOUR
"All you really need is a pair of shoes and time," said Rich Harshbarger, CEO of the organization Running USA. "You don't need country club membership or expensive equipment like bikes or skis."
The benefits of running go far beyond a "runner's high." Studies find that runners tend to live longer, and have fewer strokes and heart problems. Other research links running to better memory and the creation of new brain cells in adults.
Perhaps that's why the number of Americans who run nearly doubled in the past 25 years — to about 40 million runners today, according to the National Sporting Goods Association.
Here are a few tips if you want to join the pack:
The first step
If you've never exercised before or you have health issues, consult a physician before starting to run. Go slow and short distances at first, building up your endurance and miles over time.
Don't worry if you can't run to the end of your street, says Vishal Patel, training program director for the 2,700 member-strong Dallas Running Club. Set that as your goal or count mailboxes, going a little farther each week, he suggests.
"Don't bite off more than you can chew; take it in small bites," said Lori McGee Koch, head running coach for Chicago Endurance Sports. "You're more likely to like it and stay with it."
Running style
While there's no right or wrong way to run, runners should strive for good posture, arms bent at a 90-degree angle to the body and feet striking the ground at midfoot, McGee Koch said.
Many first-time runners combine walking and running, gradually increasing the time spent running. Olympic runner Jeff Galloway created one such run-walk method to control muscle and joint fatigue, build endurance and reduce the risk of injury.
New runners can try three minutes of running alternating with two minutes of walking for 15 to 20 minutes. Another regimen is four minutes of running and one minute of walking for 15 to 20 minutes.
Gear
Perhaps, the most important gear is a good pair of running shoes. The many choices can be confusing, but a specialty running store can help you figure out which shoe provides the right support and cushioning for your foot.
Each Friday, Run N Fun in St. Paul, Minn., offers free foot and gait analysis to customers who are filmed running on a treadmill.
"If they're in the wrong shoe and get hurt right away, it's discouraging," said Perry Bach, owner of Run N Fun. "If you're comfortable and cozy, you'll run more."
The average pair of running shoes costs around $120, but you can find them for less. No matter where you buy shoes or what you pay, make sure they flex under the ball of the foot, Bach advised.
Solo or social
Some people love running solo, and some want the camaraderie and support of running with others.
Joining a running club is a good way to find people with similar interests, gain tips and explore an area. Clubs and specialty running stores usually host weekly runs for free or a few bucks.
The Road Runners Club of America (www.rrca.org) and Meetup.com (www.meetup.com/topics/running/) list running groups. The website www.joggingbuddy.com and the mobile app Buddyup for Sports can help you find a running partner.
"If you're training with someone, you're more likely to stay with it," Harshbarger said.
Races
Picking a fun race to run can keep you motivated and on the training track.
New runners typically start with a 5K (3.1 miles) race. Experts say it can take first-time runners eight to 12 weeks to train for their first 5K, depending on their level of fitness.
Selina Torres of Chicago started running in mid-February and finished her first 5K race in April.
"I just wanted to challenge myself with something new," she said. The key for her was training with a running group of about 20 people.
"Everybody was so nice and so supportive," Torres, 37, said. "At the start, you're nervous, and then it becomes really enjoyable. You're also starting forming friendships, and you look forward to going."
You can find lists of races by city, state and country on the Internet, including at www.runnersworld.com/race-finder and www.runningintheusa.com/Race.
Training
"It's extremely important to follow a training schedule because consistency is the No. 1 thing leading to success," McGee Koch said "It's easy to say, 'I'm going to skip that run today' if it's not part of a long-term program."
You'll find free training programs, such as those from running guru Hal Higdon, on the Internet.
Final words of advice from Patel: "Just start, and get out there."
5 tips to start running
•Start slowly, adding distance and speed as you go.
•Buy a good pair of running shoes.
•Find a running buddy, or join a training group.
•Eat and sleep well, and drink plenty of water.
•Listen to your body.
Sheryl Jean is a longtime runner and a freelance writer in Northern California.
RELATED STORIES:
From obese to Ironman, a tale of two tattooed triathletes
Walk your way to better health
Thyroid disorder easily mistaken for something else
Millennials are called a lot of things — lazy, attention-seeking, entitled, etc. But murderous? The internet, in all its glory, is home to countless articles about the age-old products, businesses and traditions millennials have sent to the gallows. Canned tuna? Gone. The mayonnaise you mix with it? Gone. Hooters? Say it isn't so! We investigated some of the more prevalent claims to see which have merit and which don't. (Lauren Hill) (Lauren Hill)
If you've been coding for current (prev?) gen consoles, you know your optimization guidelines - be nice to your cache, avoid LHS and branches, in general - do not stress the pipeline too much. With next (current?) generation moving back to x86, things get a little bit more blurry. With out-of-order/speculative execution, register renaming and advanced branch predictors, it's sometimes easy to shoot yourself in the foot when trying to be smarter than compiler/CPU. I have been browsing Intel's “64 and IA-32 Architectures Optimization Reference Manual” recently and found an interesting bit on the CMOV (conditional move) instruction - “Use the SETCC and CMOV instructions to eliminate unpredictable conditional branches where possible. Do not do this for predictable branches. […] converting a conditional branch to SETCC or CMOV trades off control flow dependence for data dependence and restricts the capability of the out-of-order engine”. It intrigued me enough to prepare a quick test snippet. It includes 4 functions:
TestPredictable - predictable branches, conditional jump,
TestPredictableCmov - predictable branches, CMOV,
TestUnpredictable - unpredictable branches, conditional jump,
TestUnpredictableCmov - unpredictable branches, CMOV
Starting point was a very simple code, they're all variation of the following:
1 //int TestPredictable(int x, int y) 2 int result = 0 ; 3 for (size_t i = 0 ; i < TEST_SIZE; ++ i) 4 { 5 if (x < y) 6 { 7 result = x; 8 } 9 ++ x; 10 }
One way to generate CMOV/non-CMOV versions is to modify code generation setting (/arch:SSE2 for CMOV), but I wanted to be able to run both functions without recompiling, so I had to resort to assembly. Caller code:
r = TestPredictable(TEST_SIZE - 50 , TEST_SIZE); r = TestPredictableCmov(TEST_SIZE - 50 , TEST_SIZE);
As the name suggests, branches should be easy to predict, first 50 won't be taken, the rest - taken.
Results were… inconclusive. Both versions were usually pretty close (~200-300 CPU ticks apart per 10000 iterations, CMOV faster most of the time, Ivy Bridge CPU). So, even though branch is very predictable, CMOV doesn't seem to make things worse (it doesn't make it better, either). That's to be expected, though, there's no real data dependency here, we'll try more complicated example later.
Let's move to the unpredictable branch test. Code is quite similar, but the loop body looks like this:
if (x < (Random() & 1023 )) { result = x; } // Caller code (roughly 50% chance of passing the test) r = TestUnpredictable( 500 ); r = TestUnpredictableCmov( 500 );
In this case, difference is much more visible. CMOV version is consistently faster by about 20% (1.5m ticks vs 1.8m ticks per 10000 iterations).
Let's now go back to the first example and try to wreak some havoc, make it more difficult for the CMOV. C++ code looks like this now:
1 size_t gi = TEST_SIZE - 1 ; 2 for (size_t i = 0 ; i < TEST_SIZE; ++ i) 3 { 4 if (x < y) 5 { 6 result = gtab[gi]; 7 // for the CMOV version it'll result in something like: 8 // cmovl ebx, dword ptr [edx] (edx being decremented in every iteration) 9 } 10 ++ x; 11 -- gi; 12 }
We introduce data dependency on gtab and also traverse it backwards to make it more interesting (not very realistic scenario, I admit). Results? CMOV version is now over 2 times slower than the one with conditional jump (~22k ticks vs ~50k ticks)!
You might also want to read this discussion on the Linux mailing group. Nanhai Zou raises an interesting point there – you have better chance of seeing benefits of cmov if you can manage to put instructions which do not modify eflags between test and cmov. I think that's what MSVC was trying to do the other day (sadly, it wasn't careful enough).
Encore: poor MSVC can't get a break, I noticed another peculiar behavior. In some circumstances (can't really pinpoint the root cause), it'd completely screw up my timing code. Consider this simple fragment:
unsigned __int64 ticks = __rdtsc(); int r = TestPredictable(TEST_SIZE - 50 , TEST_SIZE); ticks = __rdtsc() - ticks;
Now, if TestPredictable includes inline assembly code, it works fine:
rdtsc mov esi , eax mov edi , edx push 2710 h push 26 DEh call ` anonymous namespace ' :: TestPredictable ( 0 F77530h ) mov ecx , eax rdtsc sub eax , esi sbb edx , edi
However, if I use my reference C++ code inside TestPredictable, it decides to do the following (no WPO):
rdtsc mov ecx , eax mov ebx , edx rdtsc mov esi , eax mov edi , edx sub esi , ecx sbb edi , ebx push 2710 h push 26 DEh call ` anonymous namespace ' :: TestPredictable ( 12 B7530h )
Yup, it moved the second RDTSC up, before the call to TestPredictable.
Test code can be found here.
Lachlan Stuart 2013-07-20 11:05:50
Testing on my Nehalem (i7-920) compiled in MSVC2010SP1 (manually checked to ensure the rdtsc reorder didn't occur):
Ticks = 19076409 [fake result=0]
Ticks cmov = 30448753 [fake result=0]
Ticks unpredictable = 749622642 [fake result=500]
Ticks unpredictable cmov = 747278534 [fake result=500]
I had to bump the TEST_SIZE to 10000000 to get consistent results. Looks like CMOV is always equal or slower than branching on my CPU.
I'm not happy with x86's conditional writes. CMOV and CMPXCHG(if you don't depend on the returned value) should be faster than branching - they require fewer instructions and shouldn't even engage the prediction engine - they are basically “fire and forget” instructions.
I'd love to see CPUs that come with GPU-style ROPs, although I may be a bit biased after having written a few software renderers as hobby projects.
admin 2013-07-22 00:11:31
Thanks for sharing your results. I agree that x86 seems a little bit schizophrenic in this regard, on one hand they introduce new instructions like cmov, on the other - they keep improving branch predictors. Both sound like good moves, but they sometimes work against each other.
I think there's a good chance I needed this video more than anyone else will! I've really gotten a lot better at doing my own makeup since the taylor swift video..because I just don't have any way to rationalize 4 minutes of my life to feel 100 times better all day but I still was throwing my hair in a perma-bun LOTS of the time.
So I decided I needed to add hair into the mix for the quick get ready situation and I was actually quite shocked how quickly it's possible to take it from totally gross to pretty dang cute.
So here's my unabridged 10 minute get up for any of you who need a little extra inspiration and also for those of you who have asked for a full video minus the skipping ahead and FF. This is in real time no edits!
Maskcara Foundation in Light: walnut + white peach + dahlia + pearl + shadow-nose
OCC Lip Liner in Black Dahlia
NudeStix in Immortal
Kat Von D Brow Pen in Medium Brown
(No mascara for this look because I'm cheating with lash extensions:)
Curling iron Babybliss (1 1/4″)
L'Oréal Professionnel Fresh Dust
My response to the whole bounty program? Um, DUH.
It's inconceivable to be that anyone with even half a brain could watch football—on any level from high school to the pros—and not think that it's an inherently brutal sport that demands uncivilized levels of violence. If you're really outraged by this, don't watch football. If you're outraged because you believe it tarnishes the "integrity" of a game where the goal of each play is to bring a man to the ground in basically any way you can, then you're a hypocrite of the highest order.
For more, let's turn to angry Deadspin sports columnist and former high school football player Drew Magary:
I must again reiterate that football is an inherently violent and inhumane sport, and that anyone who watches it makes a pact with themselves that it's violent, but that's OK because it's grown men playing it and it's AWESOME to watch. It was never a beautiful sport. Ever. If you ever played football, you know that pain and suffering are inflicted on someone virtually every play.
I watch football with open eyes, understand that savagery and inhuman acts are as much a part of the game as touchdowns, and plan on keeping my children away from football as much as possible. But maybe I'm too sanguine about this. What say you, Hampton?
–Jake
Jake, the day I start looking to Drew Magary as my moral compass, you can take me out back and shoot me.
Let me see if I'm getting this. You are saying that football is a violent game? Wow. Gee whiz. That is a stunning revelation. Next thing you'll be telling me that the sky is blue.
Yes, football is about violence. But it isn't only about violence. The goal of the game is not, in fact, "to bring a man to the ground" however you can. The goal, because apparently there's confusion here, is to score more points than the other team. Towards that end, teams employ various tactics and strategies. One tactic, the forward pass, is especially popular with fans. It's so popular that forward-passers, called "quarterbacks," are among the game's biggest stars. Brett Favre, for instance, during his playing career, generated millions of dollars for the NFL, its broadcast partners, and advertisers. Jonathan Vilma and Gregg Williams? Ummm... Not so much. Bet you last dollar, those boys are about to learn their place on the food chain.
But this isn't just about pampering quarterbacks. Keep in mind, we aren't talking about cash for big, clean plays. That would be fundamentally no different from college and high school programs handing out helmet stickers. The Saints wanted guys knocked off their field. That usually means a cheap shot or helmet-to-helmet hit, and the team was offering cash to offset the inevitable fines that would come.
That's not "just part of football," Jake, and it's more than just bad business, too. It's cheating. And it's an especially cruel, stupid kind; one that can not only change the outcome of games, but destroy a player's career in an instant.
Indian prime minister Narendra Modi has joined China's largest microblog (registration required), Weibo, in the latest friendly gesture between the two Asian giants as they juggle an on-and-off again rivalry.
So far, it isn't going that well. As of Monday afternoon in China, Modi had about 13,000 fans on Weibo—a tiny following compared to Chinese actress Yao Chen who has 77 million followers on the social network. (British prime minister David Cameron, who joined in 2013, has over 800,000 fans on Weibo.) And responses to his greeting range from lukewarm to critical.
你好中国!期待通过微博与中国朋友们互动. Hello China! Looking forward to interacting with Chinese friends through Weibo. pic.twitter.com/yQcKn9bqTE — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) May 4, 2015
One of the top comments (link in Chinese) under Modi's greeting was “Hello Indian brother! Tibet belongs to China.” The two countries remain at loggerheads over the Sino-Indian border in a region in the northeastern state of Arunachal Pradesh that China refers to as “South Tibet.” A brief border war was fought in 1962 and incursions and skirmishes still occur today. Another blogger wrote “Tibet belongs to China,” and added 阿三, or A-san, a slangy Chinese term for Indians that dates back to British colonialism.
Wary allies, Beijing and Delhi compete over everything from partnerships in the region to how water in the Himalayas should be used. Modi's Weibo profile photo may be aimed at projecting an image of strength. In it, he walks, unsmiling, flanked by his security detail.
Weibo
Another blogger wrote, “Do not bully Pakistan. That is our little brother. Hitting Pakistan is like hitting us.” While several bypassed politics entirely, to ask the more friendly “Are you okay?” a meme based on the awkward English Xiaomi founder Lei Jun used at a recent event in New Delhi.
Modi is only the latest foreign politician to open a Weibo account to interact directly with the Chinese public. Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro, former Australian prime minister Kevin Rudd as well as athletes like basketball players Metta World Peace and Kobe Bryant have all opened accounts over the past few years.
China's own leaders have been reluctant to open themselves up to a public forum, even in China, and that appears to have made international leaders even more welcome, no matter what the politics. As one Chinese commentator wrote to Modi, ”Hello PM! Hope you can quickly get used to the bloodbath that is Weibo! Looking forward to interacting with you.”
Chinese leaders would likely get an even harsher skewering than Modi, if they were to join Weibo themselves. One blogger wrote on Modi's page, “A foreign prime minister's Chinese microblog. Where is the Chinese microblog of China's premier?”
Tetramorium inquilinum is an ectoparasitic ant found in Europe. It was discovered by Swiss myrmecologist Heinrich Kutter.[3] The species is unusual for lacking a worker caste, the queens and males living entirely off the care of the pavement ant.[4]
Taxonomy [ edit ]
Kutter described the species in 1950, naming it Teulomyrmex schneideri and designating it the type species of its newly-circumscribed genus. He named it after his teacher and friend Otto Schneider-Orelli. Kutter discovered the holotype himself; the species's type locality is Saas-Fee, Valais, Switzerland.[5]
In a 2015 revision of the subfamily Myrmicinae, Philip S. Ward, Seán G. Brady, Brian L. Fisher, and Ted R. Schultz classified the genus Teleutomyrmex as a junior synonym of Tetramorium. They created a nomen novum for this species, T. inquilinum, due to the presence of a senior homonym: Tetramorium schneideri Emery, 1898;[6] Carlo Emery had named this species after a different individual, Oskar Schneider, who had collected the holotype.[7] Ward and colleagues' replacement specific epithet refers to the species's inquiline behavior (Latin: inquilīnus, lit. 'inhabitant, tenant'[8]).
Distribution [ edit ]
This species has been found in the Swiss Alps,[5] the French Alps,[9][10] the French Pyrenees,[11] Spain,[12][13] and Turkmenistan.[14]
Morphology [ edit ]
The body shape of Tetramorium inquilinum is specifically adapted. The queens average 2.5 mm in length, and have a concave form and large pads and claws. Tetramorium inquilinum is frail and unable to care for itself, with mandibles too small and weak to handle anything but liquid food, sting and poison glands small, and glands that produce food for larvae and protection against bacteria are completely absent. Its exoskeleton is thin and its brain and central nerve cord are small and simplified.[citation needed]
Behavior [ edit ]
Tetramorium inquilinum constantly sends chemical signals that trick host ants into accepting them as full members of the colony. Being ectoparasitic, Tetramorium inquilinum spends most of its adult life clinging to the backs of its hosts, especially queens. As many as eight have been observed piggy-backing onto a single host queen, leaving her immobile.[3]
Diet [ edit ]
Tetramorium inquilinum lives entirely on food regurgitated by its hosts, even the liquid meant for the host queen.[3]
Reproduction [ edit ]
Nourished and nurtured well by its hosts, Tetramorium inquilinum has high fecundity. Older individuals lay an average of two eggs every minute.[3]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Kutter, H[einrich] (1969). "Die Sozialparasitischen Ameisen der Schweiz" (PDF) . Vierteljahrsschrift der Naturforschenden Gesellschaft in Zürich. 171. Zürich: Leemann AG.
OLYMPIA, WA— (Oly Town FC release) Bellingham United capitalized on three of their four power play opportunities and killed an Oly Town Artesians power play late in the fourth quarter to hang on to a hard fought 9-8 win on Saturday night.
In other WISL action the Snohomish Skyhawks scored twice in the fourth quarter to draw 5-5 with Sportin Everett FC and the Olympic Force blew out the Tacoma Stars Reserves 12-3.
The Artesians scored four times in the fourth quarter and had numerous opportunities to equalize with a man advantage over the last 2:24 of the game but just couldn't quite sneak one past Hammers keeper Riley Liddle. Willie Spurr scored twice for Oly but it was Brady Ulen's goal with 5:10 left that proved to be the game winner for first place Bellingham.
It was a physical, testy game that featured 23 total fouls, eight blue cards, one yellow and numerous other plays that could have easily resulted in cards of a variety of colors and left many scratching their heads. The Artesians scored on two of their four power play opportunities. The first came with just six second left in the second quarter when Jamie Barnwell slotted one home. Then Matt Herrera cut a three goal deficit to two with a goal in the fourth quarter after a tripling penalty on Bellingham's Richard Henderson.
Moments after Herrera's goal, Spurr scored his second goal to make it 8-7, but Ulen answered back to make it 9-7 Bellingham with 5:10 left to play. Herrera scored again on a feed from Spurr to bring the Artesians to within a goal late in the game and it looked like the late game heroics at The Pavilion would continue when Bellingham was whistled for their 12th foul of the game and were shown the blue card. But the Artesians were unable to break through and fell to 3-3-1 overall this season.
Goalkeeper JJ Olson scored his first goal of the season on a bouncing shot that Liddle was fooled on to open the fourth quarter of play. JT Meyer and Tom Kemennu each got into the act with first and third quarter goals respectively.
Bellingham opened each half quickly. Rene Caro scored just a minute and a half into the game and a ball along the wall got caught up in one of the referee's feet to begin the second half, resulting in an Artesians turnover and an easy look for Chris Jepson with just 17 second gone in the third. Connor Moe paced the Hammers with a pair of goals and Ivan Colin, Henderson and Nick Cashmere each added goals of their own.
The win puts Bellingham (6-2-0) in command of first place in the WISL. Oly, meanwhile, has dropped two straight and sits in third place just two points ahead of Sporting Everett and the Snohomish Skyhawks and three points ahead of their next opponent, the Tacoma Stars Reserves.
Oly travels to Tacoma next Saturday to take on the Stars Reserves. First kick at the Tacoma Soccer Center is set for 7:30 PM. The Artesians return home on Saturday, February 4th to face the Snohomish Skyhawks at 6:00 PM.
Proposal would mean fines of up to $1,500, but critics say judges should instead vet potential jurors' social media activity before they are selected
California lawmakers are considering fines of as much of $1,500 for jurors who tweet about trials or research a case on Google, after court officials argued that misbehaving citizens have caused mistrials and overturned convictions around the country.
As jurors and judges have become more technology savvy in recent years, the perils playing around with their smartphones have become a mounting concern, particularly in California. A 2011 state law made improper electronic or wireless communication or research by a juror punishable by contempt.
Supporters of the latest proposal say a potential fine would give teeth to existing prohibitions against using social media and the internet, and would simplify the process for holding wayward jurors accountable.
“It's disruptive of the judicial process, and there ought to be a fairly simple and convenient way for a judge to sanction a juror based on the order that the judge has given,” said assemblyman Rich Gordon, the bill's measure.
But critics question whether it will have any practical effect on jurors who are constantly on sites such as Facebook and Twitter. They suggest judges vet the social media activity of potential jurors before seating them.
“If you have an internet addict who just can't psychologically stop, you may want to excuse that person,” said Paula Hannaford-Agor, who studies juries at the National Center for State Courts.
How Facebook plans to take over the world Read more
Brian Walsh, a judge in the Silicon Valley county of Santa Clara, said a fine could also change the dynamic between judges and juries.
“You want to present the jurors' obligations to serve as an inviting opportunity to participate in the democratic process,” he said. “One could consider it counterproductive to be laying out all the penalties a juror can incur if they blow it.”
It is not clear exactly how many times juror social media or internet use has affected trials. But anecdotal evidence suggests it is more than sporadic.
Eric Robinson, co-director of the Press Law and Democracy Project at Louisiana State University, said he used to track cases of juror social media or internet misconduct using news accounts and other sources, but there were so many “it got to be more trouble than it was worth”.
“Those are the ones we hear about,” he said. “I'm sure it happens a lot more.”
An Arkansas court in 2011 threw out a death row inmate's murder conviction in part because of tweets. One said: “Choices to be made. Hearts to be broken.” Another said “it's over” less than hour before the jury announced its verdict.
A New Jersey appeals court in 2014 tossed the heroin possession conviction of two men after a juror was accused of searching the defendants' names online and finding information about their criminal records.
A California appeals court in January cited juror internet research in throwing out a fraud conviction against an investment firm CEO. The juror looked up a case involving an accountant the defendant blamed for the fraud.
Judges warn jurors against using social media and the internet, and have the power to hold them in contempt if they violate those rules.
Greg Hurley, a lawyer who studies juries at the National Center for State Courts, said he was unaware of any state that fined jurors outside the contempt process.
California judges say the contempt process can be time consuming and is rarely invoked. A juror facing contempt has a right to an attorney, and the court could get bogged down in a lengthy formal hearing. So judges often opt to replace a wayward juror with an alternate to keep the proceedings in motion.
“Historically, contempt has been something judges are told, ‘Don't do,'” said J Richard Couzens, a retired judge from California's Placer County who now rotates through courts around the state. “You have to follow so many rules to institute a contempt process.”
Couzens, a member of the judicial committee that recommended the fines legislation, said he dismissed a juror years ago in a theft case for using a cellphone to figure out the value of a stolen item.
The fine would be similar to a traffic citation, making it relatively easy to dispense, Couzens said.
Judges could mention it when warning jurors against internet and social media use, said Steve Austin, presiding judge in California's Contra Costa County.
“At the very least with the sanction, it would be a good thing you'd be able to tell the jurors,” he added.
The legislation initially called for giving all state judges the power to fine wayward jurors. But it was scaled back after legislators expressed concern that it could dissuade potential jurors from serving.
The bill now authorizes the judiciary to select some county courts for a five-year pilot program, which a legislative analysis said could save participating courts money. The full assembly will consider it next.
By Harvey McKinnon
There is no doubting the social, medicinal and economic benefits that will come from the legalisation of medical and recreational cannabis. It could be said that even the prospect of smoking openly without the prospect of intimidation is sufficient benefit in itself.
Already we have seen 21 states in America legalise marijuana for medical use (Maryland being the latest). Washington and Colorado have signed off on recreational use as well, and Uruguay had opted for full legalisation. The UK on the other hand does not even entertain the prospect of partial decriminisation even though the drug Sativex is a cannabis plant extract. Currently available on prescription in the UK, Sativex costs £375 for three 90-dose bottles, which is £125 per bottle, as opposed to $21 in the US. If it were legalised medically, the cost would reduce dramatically as more treatments would be allowed into the country and we could develop better, cheaper alternatives ourselves.
Recreational legalisation, on the other hand, could bring more than just economic stability, but also the option of open and regulated experimentation on particular seeds and combinations of seeds. Having said that it is also true that there are those whose cannabis use prevents them from making any tangible contribution to society or the state coffers. Often labelled as ‘lazy stoners' one can understand how their stereotype could be extended to all those who use cannabis.
From my own perspective. I'm not going to stop buying, smoking and enjoying bud even if it remains illegal even though there are those who have reservations even though it would benefit their health and ease the burden on the NHS. Again this could be perceived as being prescriptive but that is not my intention. In essence we all need to ask ourselves what it all means to us, what we can do to raise awareness because as cliché as it sounds, it does take an effort from everyone working together in union to do something. Even if it is joining the local cannabis club, reading more articles or just making the people directly around you more aware because helping each other for mutual gains and progression in society can only yield positive results. That is why I wanted to write this article because I was given an opportunity to do something that could make a change, even if it is just to one person, even if it's just to me. Word of mouth is the key. So anyone reading this, think about how you can take action, whether it is monumental or simple and try and work together to achieve something positive in this country.
Image caption Cards will be replaced by letters - one of 100,000 ideas submitted
National Insurance cards are to be phased out, and spare furniture sold online, under government plans to cut the deficit, the BBC has learned.
The government has also decided to cut the number of criminal checks for junior doctors.
The ideas, expected to save at least £1m a year, were chosen from about 100,000 put forward by members of the public and civil servants.
One union said getting the public to suggest cuts was a gimmick.
During the summer, the Treasury set up a website looking for suggestions on how to save money, eventually receiving more than 100,000.
A special BBC News season examining the approaching cuts to public sector spending The Spending Review: Making It Clear
The National Insurance idea involves replacing the card with a letter for people reaching the age of 16 from late next year. It will tell them their unique NI number.
Criminal Record Bureau (CRB) checks for junior doctors moving between postings will no longer be carried out every six months under the plans.
In future, hospitals would be allowed to use their own "judgement", the coalition said.
And for spare furniture, an eBay-style website would be used to sell off old items such as computers and desks.
More of the public's suggestions could become policy in future.
The government wants to reduce the budget deficit - which hit £155bn last year - by £80bn.
The GMB union believes that asking the public for ideas is a political gimmick designed to give the impression of support for the cuts.
But Chancellor George Osborne has said it is a 21st Century approach which will save money and involve people in the spending decisions affecting them.
A spokeswoman for the Department of Health said guidelines already stated that junior doctors should only get CRB checks every three years.
She said the changes were about making sure the NHS stuck to them and followed a "more common sense approach".
BBC News website readers have been sharing their thoughts on cutting the deficit.
I think phasing out the NI cards is a fantastic idea. Let's face it, what is it actually for? I've had mine for about 15 years and never had to use it, produce it or show it to anyone. Replacing it with a letter sounds like a great way to save money. Robert Slater, Bedford
A very small monetary saving now with potentially massive problems later on Peter Stone, Basildon Send us your comments
Before the plastic card, people were often unsure of their NI number. This leads to incorrect NI details being given on various documents which will lead to inconsistencies over the person's record. This will also make it more difficult to trace the real person in relation to criminal activities, such as tax evasion and obtaining borrowed money by fraudulent means. A very small monetary saving now with potentially massive problems later on. Peter Stone, Basildon
This is madness. The National Insurance card is one of the few identities one does have in this country that applies to everyone. It is also one way you can track down illegal immigrants. Instead of abolition, the government should tighten up the rules as to who should qualify for NI. Jaya, Manchester
I am at a loss to understand why it is necessary to carry out a CRB check every time a different post is taken up, even if it's within the same organisation. This is regardless of when your last check was done, even if it is with the same parent organisation. It costs the time of a lot of public servants and a lot of public money for this to happen. Why can't those who need CRBs have one CRB passport which has to be renewed biannually? T Walker, Shaftesbury, Dorset
Regarding CRB checks for junior doctors - after an initial clearance check when the NHS engages a new employee could the system not be changed so that any criminal conviction is automatically flagged to the NHS personnel departments. In fact why not introduce this for all professions? John Lane, Lustar, France
My way to help cut the deficit would be to come down much harder on lawbreakers. Law and order is getting worse by the minute. I dread to think of what money we waste in our prison service. Rather than taking the "softly softly" route, make the punishment fit the crime. Fred Hines, Braintree, Essex
Lieutenant Detective Brian J. Larkin, commander of the Boston Police Drug Control Unit, met with officials from other city agencies that are joining efforts to combat opioid overdoses.
When the Boston police opioid squad responds to a heroin overdose, officers follow standard procedure: Interview witnesses, collect evidence, start hunting down the dealer.
Then, investigators go a step further. They talk to stricken friends and family members and suggest support groups and help hot lines. If the overdose victim survives, unit members recommend rehabilitation centers and programs that teach overdose prevention, offer needle exchanges, and provide overdose-reversing drugs.
“Our mission is twofold. One is enforcement, and the second — just as important — is the recovery aspect,” said Lieutenant Detective Brian J. Larkin, commander of the Boston Police Drug Control Unit. “There's a lot of people who have just struggled for years, and they can't get out.”
Advertisement
With its newly created opioid unit, the Boston Police Department becomes the latest agency to embrace treatment and prevention as tools of law enforcement. Gloucester's police department has received national attention for its efforts to help addicts.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The Boston squad emerges as heroin and other opioids continue to claim dozens of lives. In the first three months of this year, 26 people in Boston died from suspected overdoses.
Of the 13 squads in the city's drug unit, only the opioid squad focuses exclusively on one type of drug. The rest are dispersed geographically. Investigators on the squad track overdoses, build cases against dealers, and do outreach to users and their families.
“Some people need to go to jail — dealers out there polluting the system with heroin and fentanyl, they're out for profit and they don't care what happens to people,” Larkin said. “But there's people out there that are truly addicted and need help.”
The emphasis on finding dealers, officials say, is designed to stanch the flow of opioids flowing onto city streets — drugs that are often cut with fentanyl, a synthetic opioid many times more powerful than heroin.
Advertisement
“I'm hoping that we can send a message to the dealers that we're going to come after them,” Police Commissioner William B. Evans said. “We're going to follow the trail to you, and if need be, we're going to prosecute.”
The opioid squad is composed of a sergeant, two detectives, and two police officers. It was formed in November, and Evans said investigators have several open cases they plan to bring to the district attorney for prosecution. Because the squad is so new — and because investigations into drug dealers can take weeks or months — statistics on arrests and prosecutions were not available.
In February, Larkin said, investigators from the unit executed a search warrant on Norfolk Street and discovered heroin, cocaine, $1,000 in cash, and a loaded semiautomatic handgun tucked into a child's bassinet. They arrested two men.
Police are focused not just on arrests, but treatment. Larkin meets regularly with members of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services, which was started last year and is headed by Jen Tracey.
“This is a public health issue we're all facing,” Tracey said.
Advertisement
Her office designed cards listing resources, including “PAATHS,” which provides access to care, and the overdose prevention program “AHOPE” on Albany Street, to hand out to people suffering from opioid addiction — and police shrank them down for officers and firefighters to hand out on calls. There are hundreds in circulation, officials said.
Analysts from the Boston Regional Intelligence Center at police headquarters track overdose calls coming in to 911 to watch for spikes in specific areas of the city. When a surge appears, said Devin Larkin, associate bureau director for the Addictions Bureau at the Boston Public Health Commission, workers conduct outreach, walking the streets and talking with people about resources or attending meetings.
More people are seeking help, said Larkin, who is not related to Brian Larkin. About 55 people every day walk into PAATHS or AHOPE, she said — up from about 15 a day about three years ago. There was a sharp increase this winter, she said, but there is no way to tell yet if people are coming in because of their interaction with police.
“We know that in order to solve the opiates crisis facing our city, and the entire country, we must take new and innovative approaches and focus more on better coordinated care to connect those who need help with resources,” Mayor Martin J. Walsh said in a statement.
Evan Allen can be reached at evan.allen@globe.com
If you'll recall last time , I was talking about how the Patriot act allowed the NSA to tap into the phone calls and emails during the Bush administration. I covered the fact that this does not technically fall under the fourth amendment because conversations do not fall under the legal definition of property. I left off last time with the FISA court telling the NSA that they have to get a warrant for every phone call and email which they collect data. That should have been the end of the story, since Obama couldn't honestly use the line that Bush did about the legality of the NSA spying on the American population.
Hello internet, and welcome to The Science They Don't Want You to Know. As I have mentioned in the first post of this series, I am doing research regarding the statistical viability of currently unconfirmed conspiracies (no leaked documents) by way of currently known conspiracies (documents have been leaked). The primary purpose of this initial research is to gather particular information, specifically how many people were involved in the actual conspiracies and the length of time which these conspiracies took place. If you have not read the first post, you should read it here . For NSA part one of this post, it'll be found here
n 2013, Edward Snowden leaked classified documents from the NSA about Project PRISM, and the Guardian was the first to reveal the story. But iThese files show that the NSA has still been performing mass surveillance on the Domestic front without warrants since 2007, which you'll notice is the opposite of what the FISA court dictated in the March 2009 ruling. President Obama said in response to this that the NSA wasn't "listening to our conversations", just "collecting meta-data". We don't have the documentation or the surveillance to confirm or deny his claims, so we cannot assume that he's lying. Then-President Bush did the same thing, even as he had less of an understanding of what "meta-data" means.
The logic behind this surveillance without a warrant is that the information itself exited US Borders and entered again. So while both ends of the communication was wholly within the United States, the information packets used to get the information from point A to Point B (both being in the US) travelled outside the United States.
These documents also show that a number of internet companies were involved in the program called PRISM, including Microsoft, Google, and Facebook. The mechanism for the collection of these data which the NSA claims makes this a legal operation, is that the information which collects physically leaves the borders of the United States, than reenters the country, and the fact that it "enters from a geographically exterior location" makes it legal for collection, even as the sender and the recipient both are well within the borders of the United States.
So now we have both the start point and the end point, and now we have a time frame of this conspiracy. That is, of course, assuming that the NSA is no longer spying on Americans without warrants. As we know, that may not be the case, but assuming that it is the case, this conspiracy covers 11.5 years, from the day the Patriot Act was made into law to the day Snowden released the files relating to this case.
We just need a number for how many people were involved in this conspiracy. It is safe to assume that everyone in the NSA headquarters worked to collect these data, even for a few cases, since it involves the collection of so many emails and phone calls. It also must involve those at the very top of the companies involved, who knowingly participated in such activities. There may have been technicians who did a little bit of coding which allowed the mechanism for data leaving and reentering the borders of America, but it is also safe to assume that these technicians didn't know why these codes were being written, either through lie or omission.
What's the final number that would make this good for statistical analysis? In a PowerPoint presentation, it was revealed that the number of employees were " more than 30,000 demographically
Start Here Relevant Entries:
West Ham United's chances of landing Marseille forward Michy Batshauyi are being put under threat by Tottenham, with L'Equipe claiming that former manager Marcelo Bielsa is recommending Spurs to sign him this summer.
The Belgium international has come of age at the Stade Velodrome over the last 24 months and is widely expected to leave the Ligue 1 club for pastures new at the end of the current campaign.
Bielsa was critical in making Batshauyi a success in France before leaving the south coast club and is a real admirer of the former Standard Liege striker.
The Argentine coach knows Spurs boss and compatriot Mauricio Pochettino well, with the latest report that Bielsa is recommending Tottenham to swoop for Batshauyi ahead of 2016-17.
The former Marseille boss is said to have sent DVDs of the young forward to the White Hart Lane club in the knowledge that Spurs are also looking for a centre forward to offer competition to Harry Kane next term.
WESLEY CHAPEL — One day after Donald Trump's election as president, some of the nastiness of the campaign has spilled into the hallways of Wesley Chapel High School.
Some African-American students said John Sousa, a teacher and coach of the boys golf team, came up to them in the corridor between class periods and asked them what they were doing.
"The teacher says to them, 'Don't make me call Donald Trump to get you sent back to Africa,'" parent Donnie Jones Jr. wrote on Facebook. "When my child told me that I didn't know what to say. I was blown away."
Pasco County school district officials, who received calls and Facebook messages about the alleged incident, acted quickly. They placed Sousa on administrative leave while assigning an employee relations investigator to check out the claims.
"We take this type of alleged behavior very seriously and we will not tolerate it," district spokeswoman Linda Cobbe said. "We are following our investigative procedures and will take appropriate action."
Sousa, who is white, could not be reached for comment. The director of employee relations is scheduled to interview him Friday morning.
The comment is one of a growing number of incidents reported around the state and country in the aftermath of the heated and vitriolic presidential campaign, which often pitted whites against minorities.
A website called "The 74" has compiled numerous examples of fights and harassment since Trump's victory.
Incidents include fifth-graders chanting "Build the wall!" at a Hispanic classmate, and graffiti on bathroom walls telling black students to "start picking your slave numbers. … Go Trump."
"People ask what blacks, Muslims, gays and others that are different have (to) fear. This is what we f-------- fear," Jones, the Wesley Chapel parent, wrote on his Facebook page.
He later added that he spoke to Sousa. He said the teacher told him he did not intend to be racist and apologized.
In an interview Thursday, Jones said the teacher told him he was making his comment to everyone in the hallway. But Jones' daughter said Sousa pointed directly at three black teens.
"Unacceptable behavior at the end of the day," Jones said
He wrote on Facebook: "I believe he's sorry but he's only sorry because he's in trouble."
Several parents offered their support to the family and condemned the alleged action. By late Thursday afternoon, Jones' original Facebook post had been shared more than 3,600 times. It had received nearly 2,000 reactions and more than 100 comments.
Jones said he didn't expect the post to blow up as it did, but wasn't surprised given the current political environment.
"I'm waiting to see what Pasco County does," he said.
Contact Jeffrey S. Solochek at (813) 909-4614 or [email protected] Follow @jeffsolochek.
Commodore and Apple: Late love with obstacles
C64iPhone is a full C64 emulator, that is even officially licenced from Commodore Gaming. You can play all the vintage games with it. It comes initially with five games at the moment. So here's the website. But there is more to this story.
I was wondering, why nobody else did this thing before, C64 on the iPhone. It seems, that several people tried to do a port of the Frodo-emulator for the iPhone SDK sufware emulator – just for the fun of doing it. According to reports form Touch Arcade and Pocket Gamer a developer from Manomio also worked on this project, but later rejected it because
a) there the licences from Commodore were unclear and
b) the terms of the iPhone store would not allow a project like this.
But the itch under the fingernails stayed.
So he went to Commodore and Kiloo and began clearing the rights. He also contected Apple right away, if an emulation-project like this would be possible to release on some future day. The got really exited at Apple and confirmed the project. And here we are now.
And you know what? Apple rejected the app!
It seems, that Manomio will have to remove the BASIC-interpreter in the app and make this whole thing only possible for emulating games. What is the coder in you now saying? Buhu. Why is licensing-stuff an obstacle for expressing creative code? I call this a major fail (at least from the Apple iPhone policy).
This here is the official statement form Apple, that were sent with the rejection:
Thank you for submitting C64 1.0 to the App Store. We've reviewed C64 1.0 and determined that we cannot post this version of your iPhone application to the App Store because it violates the iPhone SDK Agreement; “3.3.2 An Application may not itself install or launch other executable code by any means, including without limitation through the use of a plug-in architecture, calling other frameworks, other APIs or otherwise. No interpreted code may be downloaded and used in an Application except for code that is interpreted and run by Apple's Published APIs and built-in interpreter(s).”
So let's wait what will happen to this project. The last word isn't spoken yet.
Update: There is also another version, that say, that the App was rejected, because the ROM-Files (the games actually) are interpreted to be “Emulator App”, and not this official iPhone API. So this is the rule from the iPhone SDK agreement I quoted above. Really lame, but there seem to be also a lot of other apps live on the App Store, like apps, that play .SID-files, that would be also broken this rule. Let's still wait for new developments.
Update: The C64-iPhone got approval by apple!
Update 2: The day after the app got unapproved again, but today (11-11) it should be available again. Slowly also more and more games are being ported to the C64 on iPhone.
Because Utah will soon start selling ads on the sides of school buses, Ms. Keller has decided to transfer Collin to a nearby charter school that has sworn off commercialism.
Utah became the latest state to allow school bus advertising when its governor signed a law last month authorizing the practice. The strategy began in the 1990s in Colorado, then spread to Texas, Arizona, Tennessee and Massachusetts. In the last year, at least eight other states have considered similar legislation.
One of them, New Jersey, approved school bus advertising in January, and the state's Board of Education is now writing guidelines for size and sponsorship restrictions. So far, four districts have expressed interest in participating, according to Frank Belluscio, a spokesman for the New Jersey School Boards Association. Idaho's Legislature rejected a similar proposal earlier this month.
Districts with 250 buses can expect to generate about $1 million over four years by selling some yellow space, according to Michael Beauchamp, president of Alpha Media, a company based in Dallas that manages advertising on 3,000 school buses in Texas and Arizona.
Officials say that the revenue, while small, can still make the difference between having new textbooks — or a music teacher or a volleyball team — and not having them.
“If the alternative is huge classroom sizes and losing teachers and losing qualified personnel, yes, this seems like something we should consider,” said Valery Lynch, 48, a fourth-grade teacher in The Woodlands, Tex., north of Houston. “But I know that it's a bag of worms, and people are going to ask ‘What's next? An ad on the classroom clock?' “
Some schools have been selling advertising space on their school Web sites and in campus parking lots, in addition to the lunchroom and the school buses. An online ad usually generates about $100 a month for a school, according to Jim O'Connell, the president of Media Advertising in Motion, a company in Scottsdale, Ariz., that sells advertising for school districts.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Critics say exposing impressionable young children to ads that appear to be endorsed by their educators is problematic.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Mandatory education laws are based on the idea that education is good for society, and is good for kids,” said Josh Golin, associate director of Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood, a nonprofit organization. “That argument falls apart when you're talking about mandatory exposure to advertising.”
The companies that help place the ads say that children are exposed to advertising just about everywhere they look anyway, including — for many decades — in their high school yearbooks and sports stadiums. They say that the primary audience for ads on the outside of school buses is adults, not children, and that much of the space is being purchased by dentists, banks and insurance companies.
“School bus advertising is not for the kids in the bus, but for the cars around the bus that see the advertising when they're at a stop sign or driving down the highway,” said Bryan Nelson, a Republican state representative from Florida's 38th District, outside of Orlando. Mr. Nelson is sponsoring legislation that would allow school bus ads and direct much of the revenue toward defraying the buses' fuel costs. “When you think about how many people are going to see those ads, you get a lot of exposure, so we can charge a premium price,” he said.
Some states, including Florida, already allow advertising inside the bus. And while many states have prohibited school bus advertising for alcohol, tobacco and sexual content, none have ruled out displaying ads for junk food, Mr. Golin said.
Pizza parlors and pizza chains are among the businesses that have purchased advertising on school buses.
“When concern about childhood obesity is at an all-time high, and there's a focus on taking junk foods out of schools, it's still possible to see ads for those very same products on the sides of school buses,” said Mr. Golin. “It makes no sense.”
In addition to schools and school buses, jails are also getting ads in some states and counties.
Who would want to advertise to criminals? Defense lawyers and bail bondsmen.
Next week, Erie County Holding Center in Buffalo will begin displaying ads on new high-definition television screens that defendants see immediately after arrest. The spots, which run on a loop along with the informational messages from the holding center, sell for $40 a week and have nearly sold out for the rest of the year.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Anthony Diina, president and owner of Metrodata Services, the private company hired to run the new system, said he expected the program to bring the county $8,000 to $15,000 a year. The governments of Alaska, San Francisco and Orlando, Fla., have also contacted his company about setting up advertising programs in their jails. A jail in southwestern Florida started a similar program in 2009.
Last year, Mr. Diina's company set up television screens for advertising at the Erie County offices of the state Department of Motor Vehicles, a pilot program that he expects to bring the county revenue of “six figures over the course of five years.” He says that the reaction so far has been positive.
“These ads provide distraction and amusement that lessens the perceived waiting time,” Mr. Diina said. “And it doesn't hurt that they bring in some money, too.”
On Tumblr, t wrote:
My birthday is coming up next week and my brother insists on getting me something. He asked me what I wanted and told him I wanted a board game. He asked which one and I kind of blanked ajd told him I'd get back to him.
Being a fan of Table Top I went through and picked out my favorite ones but can't decide on which game I want. Currently it is a choice between Munchkin, Betrayal at House on the Hill, Elder Sign and Pandemic. Which one would you pick?
This is a fairly common question, though the games are a little different each time. Here's what I answered:
Those are all very different games, so it depends on what kind of gaming experience you want to have.
Munchkin is silly, pun-filled, and about messing with your friends. It also has about nine million expansions.
Pandemic is about working together in a game that you're probably going to have fun losing.
Elder Sign is about working together in a heavily-themed game that is very random because of the dice.
Betrayal is about working together — until you find out that one of you is trying to murder the rest of you with kill death. It's more of an RPG in a box, and is really fun if you treat it that way.
So I can't tell you which one is best, but hopefully that information can help you make an informed decision.
Happy Birthday!!
Wil
I can't say “Oh, if you are choosing from these games, this is the one to play,” because they're all great games in their own way. I would, of course, try to direct t away from a game that wasn't fun at all, or had a terrible rule book, because I believe that's a moral imperative when games are being discussed.
I was recently at a game shop to pick up this game called Hive that is insanely fun. While I was there, I watched an employee try very hard to help a young woman pick out a game. They went through all the aisles, and he explained each game in depth long after she'd lost interest in it. This happened because he wasn't asking the right question: what kind of game do you want to play? because he was asking questions about theme (you like Torchwood? Well, this game is blah blah blah) that didn't help her at all. I didn't want to jump in, but it was killing me to watch this happens. He was trying so hard, and it was like they were speaking the same language but weren't able to exchange anything of substance between them.
I don't know what, if anything, she decided to get, but I hope she left with something because the world needs more gamers. One way we can help make that happen is to know how to talk to them, so they can find their way into our hobby, and feel at home there.
Like this: Like Loading...
Between The Buried And Me. Photo credit by Justin Reich
It's been a long two years of waiting for UK fans of prog metal pioneers Between the Buried and Me. Now, fresh from the summer release of the widely acclaimed Coma Ecliptic (Metal Blade), Ghost Cult caught up with BTBAM's guitarist Dustie Waring on their current world tour, ahead of their recent London show.
There have been some fantastic reviews for the new record; you must be really proud of it?
Yeah, we are. It was something really different for us, musically. We try to never repeat ourselves so the fact that people like it and support us is giving all of us a pretty incredible feeling.
When you're in a band like BTBAM that have so many ideas going around, how do you decide between what's working and going to work and what should be discarded?
There are always a lot of ideas because everyone in the band contributes but the process is a fairly straightforward one: if we like something collectively, it's in. If a piece doesn't fit quite right in one place but is going to fit in another then we simply move stuff around: it's pretty democratic and open.
Did you have any arguments you had when making the record?
You know, we don't have arguments. At all. We are a very rare band in that regard. I guess we are like brothers, like family. Don't get me wrong: we are all brutal with each other from a sense of humour perspective; we have a very dark sense of humour, but there's never ever been arguments in our entire career – we just don't do that.
When it comes to the live show, given the vast range of styles, how do you pick what should go into the BTBAM set?
Dan (Briggs, bass guitar) keeps a log of every set list from every tour so we look back and remind ourselves what we have been doing and what we have missed out on. Obviously, we are trying to promote a new record so we will be doing stuff off that, but we kinda just try to play the bangers off the important stuff. Stuff everyone likes. There are songs from every record – almost- and a fun little encore that we do (Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody, fact fans).
Between The Buried And Me, by Jessica Lotti Photography
You're known for having a fan base that is passionate and, dare we say, a little bit anal about everything you do; what's the song that they always ask about that you don't play?
Well, obviously you get some people who yell out once in a while who want some really, really old shit that was from before, like three of us were actually in the band.
So some people will shout for some stuff off the first record but those kids are like maybe 1% of our audience and we have done that and the majority of the crowd have joined us from the newer stuff, so when we are doing really old stuff they are going “Hey, is this new?!”
We understand that some people want the old stuff but, to be honest, it's not actually that popular with the majority of our fans. Some people ask for ‘Swim to the Moon' but that's like 19 and a half minutes…or people ask for the full length version of ‘White Walls' or ‘Selkies'.
We have done a version of ‘…Moon'; we do from the clean break which comes out cool. Mind you, having said all that, if people yell stuff and we are in the mood, we'll usually find a way to play it.
When you are travelling from town to town, concert hall to concert hall, how do we keep yourselves motivated?
Honestly, it's what we chose to do with our lives and so it's not that much of a burden but there is another thing – there are so many bands who do so much amazing music and no one gives a shit about them and we have just this amazing opportunity to play music for a living- we aren't rich or anything in this age of the music industry – no one is getting rich – so it cannot be about money.
I just want to play my fucking guitar. I have this great guitar company that make me my dream guitars and they customise them just for me and this band. These are the best people I could be playing with and people like us and support us and come to see us and they go nuts when we play and that's what keeps you motivated.
We have the rare opportunity to create whatever the fuck we want and you know no one questions it. Our fans almost expect us to do weird shit now. Honestly, we all love to play music and we love our instruments and the fact that we can pay our bills just by doing this is a blessing.
You've spoken before of being a band with a wide range of interests and influences. What have been the things that you have loved this year?
I really, really love this new Ghost album. I was never really a fan of their older stuff – it didn't really grab me – but the new record in particular I listen to a lot. I love it – I'd like to play with them one day. I listen to a lot of shit that people probably wouldn't think I would listen to. For example, I have been listening to this Casey Musgraves record a lot; she is fucking awesome; I love her. I've been listening to a lot of SG Lewis too – really relaxed, ambient electronic stuff with pretty melodies, he's just smooth and cool. The other band that I have been spending a lot of time listening to is Happy The Man from Washington DC. I've been listening to their records from the 1970s; I have been into them for a while and their album has been played A LOT.
I like a lot of country blues because the players are sooo good; I actually play with a Nashville artist when we are not on tour just to try and develop myself as much as I can and be as well rounded as I can be as a guitarist. Working with the Nashville guys is good because you have to change your phrasing completely to do that kinda stuff, it's completely different to everything that I had learnt. I want to be good at all kinds of music not just a good metal guitarist so it's good to test yourself; it's good to be able to improvise over a blues scale for example: that shit is important to me.
Between The Buried And Me, by Jessica Lotti Photography
If you weren't playing in BTBAM, who would you want to be playing with?
I have some friends from North Carolina who are in a band called He is Legend; I've always really enjoyed their records and Adam (Tanbouz, guitar) is a sick, seriously underrated guitar player and…. (mimes guitar picking) his hands, man – no one can sound like him. It would be cool to play with Casey Musgraves, for sure. There's a guy in the USA called Sturgill Simpson who has this unbelievable guitar player from Estonia – can you believe that – this incredible, authentic Southern country playing and it's a guy from Eastern Europe! It would be cool to play stuff like that….
As a working musician, have you found people more open-minded to different types of music or less so?
Oh with some bands, for sure. There still a lot of bands who keep writing the same record over and over; but over the last five years, there have been some bands doing new and interesting records. I'd say a lot is down to location and the fan bases. Fans are a lot more open-minded and accepting. Take us is an example. People totally accept us for who we are and what we do. Having said that, we are definitely taking time to build our audience. We are not an overnight sensation and we have been on a steady incline.
Do you think that is because you are not an easy band to define and because there is so much going on in your music?
Yes for sure; people have been telling us that they would listen to the record for 10-15 times and not like it and then – bang! – something happens and they are really into it. That's cool by us. Over fifteen years we have realised that we are not doing this to get rich. We are doing this because we love music and we love playing and we hope, ultimately, that people like us.
WORDS BY MAT DAVIES
British aid money has been used to help train elements of Venezuela's brutal security services, it emerged yesterday.
Official documents show that ministers approved a decision to spend £160,000 of taxpayers' money on training and 'capacity building' in the totalitarian state's police and security services.
The money was part of a £5.8million aid package spent in the oil-rich state over the last four years. The aid programme even included help for Venezuela's state oil industry, which is the main source of income for the country's socialist regime.
Boris Johnson accused Venezuela's president, Nicolas Maduro (pictured) 'acting like a dictator of an evil regime'
The revelation is embarrassing for Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson who this week accused Venezuela's Marxist president, Nicolas Maduro, of 'acting like a dictator of an evil regime'.
The existence of the scheme is also uncomfortable for senior Tories who have piled pressure on Jeremy Corbyn – who has previously lionised the Maduro regime – to condemn his Venezuelan 'comrades'.
Last night the Foreign Office, which has responsibility for the project, suggested it could be halted, saying it would be 'kept under review given the current situation in the country.'
Tory MPs condemned the spending as 'barmy' and called for it to be stopped immediately. Peter Bone said there was no justification for giving aid to a country with bountiful oil reserves.
A protester being assisted with medics during clashes with the police on July 30 2017 (pictured). Venezuela was branded a dictatorship this week following a massive power grab by President Maduro
He added: 'Why are we giving overseas aid money to an oil-rich state that is effectively a dictatorship? It is completely barmy, and the Government should stop it immediately. If some of the money is going to help the police and security services then that is even worse, considering the footage we have all seen in recent days.'
Fellow Tory Nigel Evans added: 'We cannot on the one hand have the Foreign Secretary describing the country as a dictatorship, and on the other be handing them aid money. Spending money on the police in a police state is unacceptable.'
Venezuela was branded a dictatorship this week following a massive power grab by President Maduro.
ast year the watchdog accused Venezuela's police and security services of extra-judicial killings, unlawful detention and human rights abuses. A protester being hit with a jet from a riot police water cannon (pictured in May 2017
Police have launched a violent crackdown against protesters, and images have been beamed around the world of opposition leaders being arrested and locked up.
The regime's security services have been a byword for brutality and corruption for years. In a recent verdict on Venezuela, the Human Rights Watch group said: 'Security forces have arbitrarily detained and tortured protesters.'
Last year the watchdog accused Venezuela's police and security services of extra-judicial killings, unlawful detention and human rights abuses. The report focused on raids on low income areas. In 2015, in 135 raids, 245 members of the public were killed. The Maduro regime claims it was driving out crime gangs.
Much of the aid money devoted to Venezuela is spent by the Foreign Office. The majority of it has gone on worthy, if unsuccessful, projects to promote human rights and decrease violence.
But the latest published figures reveal that £160,000 was also spent on training and 'capacity building' with Venezuela's law enforcement services.
A Foreign Office spokesman said: 'The UK's work in Venezuela supports our long-term vision for the country to be more stable, democratic and prosperous, which is in the interest of the international community and our own national interest. The viability of work in Venezuela will be kept under review given the current situation in the country.
'We do not pay any money directly to the government, or entities close to the government.' Sources said the aid to the regime's security services was focused mainly on helping the fight against organised crime and drug trafficking.
There is a sense of haunting to the roar of a lion veiled in darkness. The emphatic “ooooaa!” demands attention as it starts in the abdomen and reverberates through the night air. Its direction and distance are secondary to one's primordial reaction – a sudden dilation of the pupils and a flare of prickles on the neck. The call unmistakably announces a large carnivore, yet as each roar fades into solitary grunts it feels less like an act of aggression than the lonely imploring of a lost soul in the darkness.
The plight of Africa's lions is lamentable. Since the 1960s, the world has lost at least 70% of these magnificent cats, which until a few thousand years ago inhabited most of Europe, Asia and the Americas. Now we're down to around 20,000, all of them in Africa apart from one sub-species in India. Habitat loss and the encroachment of people are largely responsible – lions in Kenya and Tanzania are shot by wildlife officials if they consistently kill livestock, for instance. And trophy hunters still shoot lions in the wild every year in countries where it is permitted, including Tanzania and Zimbabwe.
But if you were expecting a fable in which cunning Human steals from noble Lion, this story is not so clear-cut. Living with these predators is not easy. For many people in rural Africa, livestock pay for school fees and hospital bills, and insure against misfortune. Imagine finding half your nest egg has been taken overnight and, worse, worrying your family might be next. Unsurprisingly, many lions that live near people end up shot or poisoned. Yet it doesn't have to be this way. A new five-year study that I have been involved in shows that when people directly benefit from lions, they become more tolerant of their faults.
Conservancies
We focused on an area surrounding the Mara National Reserve in Kenya, a protected zone at the northern extent of the Serengeti ecosystem. These fertile grasslands are the home of the Maasai, semi-nomadic pastoralists who share them with the great annual migration of over a million wildebeest and their predators, including lions.
Maasai have always speared any rogue that dares interfere with their livestock; and today there are far more people and livestock and much less space for lions. Yet many on the northern edge of the Mara have wisely noted the premiums that tourists are prepared to pay for the Serengeti experience.
Lions help attract over 350,000 visitors to the area every year, generating $90 million (£63 million) in entrance fees alone. Beyond the national reserve, many families have combined landholdings into community conservancies which welcome visitors for a fee. They attract wildlife by managing and protecting resources such as livestock, water and unique habitats; and they distribute income fairly around the community to avoid feuds. Other families have declined this opportunity, relying purely on their livestock for income.
Grant Hopcraft
Hence there is a 1,500sqkm patchwork of conservancies and other privately owned pastureland to the north of the Mara National Reserve. Together with the reserve itself, where no one lives and lions can roam freely, it amounts to a perfect three-way natural experiment to investigate the effects of conservancies on lions. Lead author Sara Blackburn and Laurence Frank, a veteran predator biologist, spent five years observing the lifespan of 382 lions in the area. This is the first time anyone has looked at the survival rates of individual lions in relation to conservancies, rather than just counting them.
The natural life expectancy of a lion living in the wild rarely exceeds 13 years. When we compared the survival of lions living outside national parks, our results consistently showed that survival is not determined by how much prey are available or the quality of the habitat – there are enough of both to sustain this population. The number of livestock in a lion's territory makes no difference either.
The only factor that consistently cuts short a lion's life, sometimes lowering the chances of survival by as much as 40%, is the number of homesteads in its territory that are not part of a community conservancy. Homesteads that are members of a conservancy, on the other hand, have no negative effect on lions' survival chances. This suggests that when people receive income from lions via ecotourism, they become tolerant and lions survive. There is a good chance that the same would also be true for other animals that are declining across the region, such as giraffe and impala.
Next steps
Cecil, the lion shot by an American hunter last year, drew a line in the sand regarding the public's opinion on conservation of this remarkable predator. These events have sparked heated debates about the role of trophy hunting and using fences to protect lions in the wild, even while recent footage of an agitated lion walking the streets of Nairobi highlights the continued struggle for space.
In this worrying context, our research points to how this story can end more happily. Community conservancies are a viable and working alternative to protecting wildlife. Although they exist in many parts of Kenya and Tanzania, we must continue encouraging governments to develop similar opportunities for local communities to benefit from wildlife through ecotourism. Evidence such as ours gives reason to be optimistic that community conservancies will continue to expand and benefit human and lion alike.
Sara Blackburn, an MSc student in biodiversity and conservation, assisted in the writing of the piece
APRIL 8--A Florida woman is facing a felony animal abuse charge for allegedly killing her boyfriend's goldfish by pouring bleach into their tank, according to court records.
Angela Garcia, 32, was arrested Saturday after she allegedly trashed beau Norris Johnson's Orlando-area residence following an argument.
Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies were called to the home by the man's son. He told investigators that his father had gone to work following the argument with Garcia, but had told her to vacate the residence.
As detailed in a police report, Garcia (seen at right) destroyed a flat screen TV, other electronic devices, and furniture in the home, which reeked of bleach when her boyfriend's son discovered the wreckage.
In addition to causing $1500 in property damage, Garcia also allegedly poured bleach into her boyfriend's fish tank, killing five goldfish. Johnson's son told deputies that Garcia was free on bond in another criminal case and that his father allowed her to live with them for a couple of days.
Deputies who subsequently apprehended Garcia near the crime scene reported that she was “visibly intoxicated” and “had the presence of bleach all over her clothing.”
Charged with felony counts of animal cruelty and criminal mischief, Garcia was booked into the county jail, from which she was released Monday after posting $1150 bond. (2 pages)
on •
Michel Temer's presidency is crashing down around him. After a brief reprieve by the Supreme Electoral Tribunal who acquitted the president of abuse of power charges relating to the 2014 presidential election, President Temer is once again accused of wrongdoing.
Brazil's top prosecutor, Rodrigo Janot, formally accused President Temer of taking bribes from Joesley Batista, the owner of the Brazilian meatpacking company JBS. According to Janot, President Temer received a bribe from JBS through a former aide, Rodrigo Loures, who was filmed by the police taking a $152,000 cash bribe.
The decision now falls to the Chamber of Deputies, which would have to vote two-thirds in favor of suspending President Temer for the case to be heard by the Supreme Court. As the Economist noted, it does not appear likely that the Chamber of Deputies would vote against Temer by the necessary margin since his power bloc still retains control of the Chamber.
However, President Temer cannot rely on a friendly Congress for long. A recent poll by Datafolha shows only 7 percent support for the embattled president. Furthermore, each accusation by Janot must be addressed by the National Congress. While the Chamber of Deputies may not vote to suspend the President because of the current corruption charges, they will not have the political capital to repeatedly defend an increasingly toxic and unpopular president through the next election.
What if Temer is removed from office or resigns?
Since the office of vice president has remained vacant since Michel Temer ascended to the presidency, the next in the line of presidential succession is the President of the Chamber of Deputies. The current President of the Chamber is Rodrigo Maia, a political ally of Michel Temer.
Rodrigo Maia is a long serving member of the Chamber of Deputies and founding member of the Democratas party, a center-right conservative political party that promotes free-market economic policies. He was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies in July 2016 after his predecessor, Eduardo Cunha, was removed from office because of corruption charges. Cunha was arrested in October 2016 on multiple charges. In March 2017, he was sentenced to more than 15 years in prison.
If the Chamber of Deputies votes to suspend Michel Temer and allow him to be tried before the Supreme Court on corruption charges, Maia would become acting president for up to 180 days during the trial.
If President Temer resigns or is removed from office by the Senate, Rodrigo Maia would become acting President. If that occurs, article 81 of the Brazilian Constitution stipulates that new presidential elections would be held in 90 days after Temer is removed. The winner of that election would serve out the remainder of Michel Temer's term, which ends on January 1, 2019.
Given the increasing speed and severity of accusations against President Temer, it seems unlikely that he can remain in office for another year and a half. Currently, several prominent people are in a position to run for President should elections be held early.
Datafolha recently published polling data showing significant support for former president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. Lula was president from 2003 to 2010. His presidency is most remembered for high social spending and economic growth, which was driven by high commodity prices. Lula remains popular despite allegations of corruption.
The Car Wash scandal that began in 2014 and helped to take down former President Dilma Rousseff continues to rock Brazil. The magnitude and scope of corruption uncovered now extend far beyond the original investigation into PETROBRAS to include major companies such as Odebrecht, the multinational construction conglomerate, and JBS.
The corruption scandals have contributed to the severe economic depression that Brazil remains in. However, while painful in the short term, the work done by the federal prosecutors presents the greatest opportunity in Brazil's history to root out major corruption and start a shift in Brazil's culture of impunity.
It is clear that politicians accused of corruption cannot remain in power. For the sake of the country, their crimes cannot go unpunished. Michel Temer unequivocally falls in that category.
The question going forward is not will Temer complete his term but rather when will and how will he leave the office of president.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Domestic politics
President Barack Obama joined former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at their first joint campaign event of 2016 in Charlotte, North Carolina — just hours after FBI director James Comey said he would not recommend prosecuting her for mishandling classified information.
Clinton and Obama traveled together to North Carolina on Air Force One — a taxpayer-funded perk only partially paid for by the Clinton campaign, and not available to her Republican opponent, Donald Trump.
The presumptive Democratic nominee linked her policies to Obama's. She praised Obama's economic management, and promised to “build on the president's idea to make community college free.”
She slammed economic inequality — which has grown dramatically under Obama — but repeated many of his own policy prescriptions for reducing it.
Clinton also borrowed a line from Obama's keynote address to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, promising a country “where we do things together, not as red states and blue states, but the United States.” She cribbed a few other Obama refrains, including “Fired up and ready to go.”
In her remarks, Clinton also knocked Trump for his association with the Birther movement, calling Obama “someone who has never forgotten where he came from — and Donald, if you're out there tweeting, it's ‘Hawaii.'”
The Birther movement actually began in the Hillary Clinton camp in 2008, likely based on claims by Obama's literary agent that he was “born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii.”
Obama, who promised in 2012 that “this will be my last political campaign no matter what,” stumped for Clinton, praised his former rival and recalled how the two had united after the 2008 primary to campaign together.
“There has never been anybody, man or woman, more qualified” for the presidency than Clinton, he said.
He also touted his own economic record, erroneously claiming that he had cut the federal deficit by 75%.
Obama accused Republicans of wanting women to withdraw from the workforce and wanting “people of color” not to be competitive.
Earlier Tuesday, Clinton and Obama were linked more uncomfortably, in the context of the investigation into Clinton's email server, which came to light partly as a result of congressional investigations of their handling of the Benghazi terror attack in 2012.
While saying the FBI would not recommend prosecution because of a lack of “intent,” Comey systematically debunked Clinton's many lies and fabrications about her e-mail server, including the claim that she had never sent any emails marked “classified.”
Obama, who has claimed his is “the most transparent administration in history,” was also implicated indirectly, since emails from Clinton's private server were sent throughout the government. However, the White House said it would not comment until a formal decision by the Department of Justice had actually been made.
Neither Obama nor Clinton mentioned the FBI decision.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for pre-order through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
By Nancy Churchill
Contributor
Picture this: a giant retailer raking in billions in profits a year from thousands of locations worldwide approaches City Hall to locate a new mega-store just outside of town. Negotiations require flattening a large stand of trees for the parking lot, and a 10-year tax holiday just for locating in your town. Negotiations don't include admitting that they will hire locals at lower wages than surrounding retailers are paying, import cheap goods made in foreign sweat shops, and sell them below cost long enough to put local competitors out of business.
After that they will raise prices and move workers to part-time, lowering their take-home and preventing them from qualifying for benefits. Don't worry, though; if workers have trouble feeding their families on those low wages, the mega-store will send them memos on how to qualify for government assistance like food stamps.
That's the extractive model our country has been putting up with for decades. And it's been sucking resources out of communities to the obscene benefit of only a handful of owners.
There is an alternative: the worker-owned model, wherein workers own and manage a business jointly, and share in its profits. This helps grow local economies instead of sucking the wealth out of them.
“[W]orker-owned co-ops are unique because employees own 100 percent of the business, so they have a voice in how it's run,” noted Melissa Hoover and Beadsie Woo (“To jumpstart US job market, turn workers into owners,” Christian Science Monitor (csmonitor.com), 1/11/10).
“After all,” Hoover and Woo point out, “public confidence in corporations, banks, and the larger financial system is at low ebb, while unemployment is at its highest level in 25 years. Homeownership, historically a reliable way to build equity, has been rocked by foreclosures. People are looking for other ways to do business and save money.”
Publix, the fastest-growing grocery chain in America, is a shining example of a worker-owned company. It is not only more profitable than its competitors, with better prices, but it provides “the most satisfying customer experience” [http://usuncut.com/news/publix-walmarts-biggest-nightmare/].
So what if your community were to channel resources it might have used on that extractive mega-store to, instead, set up an incubator that will educate people and help them develop local worker-owned businesses?
Because worker-ownership not only builds equity for workers, it also builds equity within communities. Local business owners have long been pillars of the community, strengthening local values and promoting civic engagement. Why not give all workers a stake in their community by investing in them? The greater the stake, the greater the value to the community.
Learn more at the US Federation of Worker Cooperatives Democracy at Work Institute (http://usworker.coop), which promises “We can help you leverage the power of worker cooperatives to create real impact in your community.”
Don't tell anyone this really is socialistic. And democratic. Because it's also capitalism at its finest – the optimum economic model for a struggling community!
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. - The king tides sweeping across South Florida may have brought an unlikely visitor to a Miami Beach high-rise garage.
Richard Conlin snapped photos of an octopus lying on the ground in the middle of a flooded garage at the Mirador South Beach.
Conlin told Local 10 that red snapper were also seen flailing along the garage.
Video shot by Conlin, a realtor, shows water coming up through the drainage system, a possible entry point for the wayward marine creature.
Richard Conlin / Facebook Octopus lying in garage of Miami Beach high-rise garage
Conlin claims a building security guard filled a bucket with water and placed the octopus inside before returning it to Biscayne Bay.
This week's supermoon brought the celestial object the closest it's been to Earth in 69 years, but it also brought another round of disruptive king tides.
A Coastal Flood Advisory is in effect until 4 p.m. Wednesday.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
FRONT ROYAL, Va. (Reuters) - Ralph and Mike Waller are such ardent backers of President Donald Trump that they help stage a counter-protest every Wednesday in front of their Front Royal, Virginia, pawn shop, sparring with anti-Trump demonstrators who gather across the street.
Republican candidate for Governor of Virginia Ed Gillespie waits to be introduced at a campaign event at the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce in Tysons, Virginia, U.S., October 26, 2017. Picture taken October 26, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
But ask them about Ed Gillespie, the Republican candidate for Virginia governor in next Tuesday's election, and they show little enthusiasm.
“I would like somebody who's more closely aligned with Trump,” Ralph Waller, who is Mike Waller's uncle, said from the shop floor, racks of pawned rifles behind him.
Gillespie is, in fact, nothing like Trump, a real estate magnate who had never before held political office, although both are members of the same party. Gillespie is a Washington lobbyist who worked in President George W. Bush's White House, the kind of establishment mainstay Trump bashed on the campaign trail.
Moreover, Gillespie has largely kept his distance from Trump, rarely mentioning him by name and notably not asking for Trump's help in a tight race.
But Gillespie still needs voters like the Wallers. Trump, who lost Virginia last year by 5 points to Democrat Hillary Clinton, did best in rural areas such as the counties along Virginia's mountainous spine, less so in urban areas.
That tension has Gillespie looking to thread the thinnest of needles, trying to appeal to voters turned off by Trump while retaining enough of Trump's passionate base to secure victory.
Should he win, Gillespie might provide a blueprint for other Republican candidates unsure how to campaign in an era when the president is popular with fewer than 40 percent of Americans.
“If he manages to do this, he's shown how you engage Trump voters while literally avoiding Donald Trump,” said Quentin Kidd, a political scientist at Christopher Newport University in Newport News, Virginia.
The Virginia governor's race, one of only two in the country this year, is being watched nationally by political observers looking for clues about next year's midterm elections, in which Democrats are seeking to seize one or both houses of Congress.
GANG WARFARE
Gillespie has been courting Trump voters by focusing on what he says is the threat posed by illegal immigrants, a longtime Trump campaign theme. He has criticized “sanctuary cities” and run ads warning of the street gang MS-13, which is largely composed of members from Central America.
He has also called for preserving Confederate monuments following the clashes between white supremacists and protesters in August in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Once trailing significantly behind Democrat Ralph Northam, the state's lieutenant governor, Gillespie has risen in the polls since the ads began running regularly. Kidd credits the spots for making the race competitive.
Sanctuary cities, Gillespie told Reuters in an interview, are “not going to make us safer.”
While Virginia has no sanctuary cities, which often do not use municipal funds or resources to enforce federal immigration laws, the issue arose earlier this year when a measure by the state's legislature to prohibit them was vetoed by Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe.
But some argue Gillespie is being too cautious. Corey Stewart, who ran against Gillespie in the gubernatorial primary and garnered support from Trump's base, said Gillespie erred in not asking the president to campaign for him and in not doing more to harness the energy Trump has stirred.
“He's put the president at a distance, and he has offended a lot of the president's supporters,” Stewart said. “And it could cost him the election.”
Trump has tweeted his support for Gillespie, but that is as far as it has gone.
Gillespie said he appreciated Trump's endorsement but declined to say whether he would ask for more, even parroting Trump's own words in doing so.
“Just like the president doesn't disclose his military strategy, we don't disclose our campaign strategy,” he said.
SUBURBAN SWING
At a recent house party in Fairfax County, Virginia, just outside Washington, Gillespie mixed with a prosperous group of Republicans who snacked on a catered spread and chatted about private schools.
He spoke to them about traditional Republican priorities such as economic growth and education reform - and never once mentioned Trump, while referring to other politicians who support him such as Vice President Mike Pence and George W. Bush.
“That's smart,” said Chris Andreas, a Great Falls, Virginia, resident who attended the event and said he believed Trump had hurt the Republican party.
In 2016, Trump fared significantly worse in Fairfax County than Republican nominee Mitt Romney did four years earlier. There are more voters to be gained there than anywhere else in the state.
The strategy's downside is that while Democrats hold a large advantage in Northern Virginia, they are losing ground in rural areas.
Slideshow (10 Images)
In Warren County, where Front Royal is located, Trump gained 2,000 votes more than Romney largely by attracting wayward Democrats, said Stephen Kurtz, a former chair of the county Republican Party. The pattern, he said, repeated across other counties in rural Virginia.
Kurtz said he had heard grumbling over Gillespie's Washington background and worries some voters energized by Trump may stay home.
“It is a hard sell, believe me,” Kurtz said.
After last week's diversion I'm returning to my theme of ‘mHealth Myths and Realities' to look at the myth of price – that ‘mHealth is too expensive'.
Show me the money
Instinctively I find this objection odd, but I think it may emanate from some of the negative publicity that arose from the UK's ‘Whole System Demonstrator' (WSD) trial which I blogged about previously here.
As I said, one of the ultimate conclusions (and I do believe it was flawed) was that costs were actually slightly higher with the telehealth group. But as it was based on old technology and a non-optimised service design, then perhaps this wasn't surprising. Certainly the leaders in this field, the Veteran's Health Administration, are confident that they are achieving savings of $1200-$2000 per patient per annum (you can see Dr Adam Darkins talk about this on video here).
Why do we think “mobile=expensive”?
I think the real problem here is a mismatch between expectation and understanding of what is really possible:
Expectation with mobile technology is that the costs will be high – there is an in-built bias that devices (think iPhone or Samsung S5) and mobile data (think of those roaming charges you ran up on your last holiday) are prohibitively expensive.
Fewer people understand that the reality is very different – let me give you a couple of examples: At Vodafone we won a number of deals to connect medical devices that were used in patients' homes. The device manufacturers were amazed to find out that mobile data connections were significantly cheaper than using old-fashioned telephone lines – typically 4-5x cheaper – even if the mobile connection was fully roaming. How is this possible? Simply because Machine to Machine (M2M) plans charge by the amount of data shipped – and most medical devices only send 1 or 2 megabytes a month Similarly, a number of pharmaceutical companies have started to offer ‘patient support services' to guide, monitor and support patients taking new drugs, often at the insistence of regulators and payers. Instead of offering limited telephone-coaching services, more automated services deployed to patients' own phones can be achieved for as little as €2 a month – for a fully managed service.
So what could you buy for €2 a month – or 7 cents a day? By my calculations about 15ml of coffee from a coffee shop or 1 slice of bread from the supermarket. Surely this is cheap!
However, the more fundamental questions are a) are you trying to fix a real problem b) can the necessary budgets be re-aligned across the health system? If you can't answer yes to those then mHealth will always look ‘expensive'.
As usual, please feel free to agree or disagree, or of course contact me to discuss the practical application of all this.
The Internet – Donald Trump took time out of his busy day yesterday to sign what some are calling an executive gag order against the music of Fall Out Boy. He also spoke to select members of the press about this decision, and while most of the invited journalists are unlikely to write about this due to their loyalty to the president, an intrepid TotesRealNews reporter snuck into a nearby vent and transcribed the contents of the president's speech, which is reproduced below:
The failing musical group Fall Out Boy, which has never had a number one hit on the only chart that matters — number two doesn't count, just ask Hillary Clinton — are hereby banned from doing anything related to music. I'm president, the people elected me, so I can do that. They cannot make any new albums, or do any concerts, and the radio cannot play any of their songs. It is also illegal now to play their songs at home, although I don't know why anyone would want to, because they are terrible.
Some people, and these people are so wrong let me tell you, seem to think I would be banning Fall Out Boy because I'm afraid that their songs know what I did in the dark. Which is preposterous. Everyone knows the only thing I do in the dark is got up and go to the bathroom and go on Twitter. My many enemies might think the song is talking about the things I do in secrecy, but if I did such terrible things then Congress would have found out and told everyone so it's fake news to say I'm banning Fall Out Boy for any reason except they've been doing a bad job at music.
A long time ago, before I was a Republican, they did a song telling me to dance and then to dance again. I hate that. I don't dance, I just pull up my pants and do the Rockaway, which is a place in the borough of New York City I was born in. Then I lean back, and take America back to the 1920's, when we had Calvin Coolidge and America was great. Maybe he wouldn't say so, because he didn't say a lot of words, but Calvin Coolidge was one of the best presidents. And Fall Out Boy is one of the worst bands, which is why they are banned.
They also had a song, one which was almost a number one song — I don't know why, but it was — where they suggested an arms race is a bad thing. Unbelievable. Arms races are great, and the one we're going to have with North Korea is not a bad idea no matter what the haters say. We're totally going to win that one and show we're the best. Unlike Korea, which is almost as bad as Fall Out Boy. And while fake news sites like Wikipedia claim North Koreans eat mostly rice and beef and chicken, many people are saying they're also into cats. But I digress.
Another song they did which is terrible is the one about falling sugar. First of all, falling sugar reminds me of diabetes, which jealous haters think I am in serious danger of getting because of my size and my diet, and I do not want to think about that. And why would anyone want to lie in grass by a mausoleum? Too many dead people there, maybe vengeful ghosts of those who I may have hurt with my smart business moves. Not that I believe in such things, but you can't be too careful. You know me, I'm always careful. But the worst thing about the song is the guy says he's going to be number one and yet he's going down in an early round. I am number one with a yuge bullet, and let me tell you I am not going down. Not in an early round, not ever. This song is stupid and it's a big reason why they are banned twelve years later.
There is one song of theirs which I like. The one about being remembered for centuries. Because hundreds of years from now, people will remember my name, and if I'm any judge of reality they will remember it fondly. Like Ozymandias. I've always compared myself to Ozymandias, and it gives me a good feeling to think of people looking at Trump Tower in a hundred of years and feeling terrible that they will never be able to make anything so great. And I'm a busy man, so I haven't had a chance to read the end of the poem, or the beginning, or anything but those famous two lines really, but I assume the rest of it is about modern people admiring the great king Ozymandias. Great poem, and great song, but Fall Out Boy is banned so that song is banned too.
Another thing which many people do not know is they have a record label called Fueled by Ramen. Last I checked, ramen is not American and if they don't buy American food then they are not patriots. Maybe if their label was called something like Powered by Pizza I might consider lifting the ban, but they made their bed and now they have to sleep in it, which by the way is an incredible phrase I just made up.
Now it should be crystal-clear that the reason why I banned Fall Out Boy is that I think they did a bad job with the music they made a while ago, and not because I'm afraid of what their songs know. Their songs are like Jon Snow and the haters. They know nothing. And I know it's time for dinner, and I'm hungry enough for three scoops of ice cream. Bye-bye.
Dallas Cowboys running back Darren McFadden (20) runs from New York Giants free safety Landon Collins (21) during the second quarter of a week 7 of the NFL season between the Dallas Cowboys and the New York Giants at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey on October 25, 2015. UPI/Rich Kane | License Photo
ARLINGTON, Texas, Oct. 31 (UPI) -- Are you an NFL team in need of a running back?
The league's best rushing offense is selling.
NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported Monday that the Dallas Cowboys "could be convinced to deal running back Darren McFadden should the right offer come along." NFL.com reports that the offer "would need to be significant."
McFadden, 29, is on the non-football injury list because of a fractured elbow. He hasn't taken a snap yet this season.
The former Arkansas Razorbacks superstar signed a two-year, $3 million deal in March of 2015 with the Cowboys. During his first seven seasons with the Oakland Raiders, McFadden had 6,016 yards from scrimmage and 30 touchdowns. He piled up 1,417 yards from scrimmage and three scores last season for the Cowboys.
The Cowboys are averaging a league-best 164.9 rushing yards per game and already have a plethora of talent in its stable with the likes of Ezekiel Elliott and Alfred Morris.
Hamas has issued a new propaganda video encouraging Palestinian Authority security forces in the West Bank to follow in the footsteps of a security officer who died attacking Israeli soldiers, and to sacrifice their lives to inflict harm upon Israeli troops.
The video, which was broadcast by Channel 10 news on Friday, was likely produced in the Gaza Strip. In it, a PA policeman is seen driving around a Palestinian town when he sees a poster of “The heroic martyr Amjad Sukkari” — a PA official who was shot dead as he fired on Israeli soldiers at a West Bank checkpoint in January.
The distressed policeman drives on when a newspaper announcing the deaths of Palestinians at the hands of Israelis flies into his windshield. He tears it away, only to see a group of soldiers abusing and kicking a disabled man at a checkpoint.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The policeman then cocks his handgun and puts his foot on the gas pedal. The scene cuts to black.
“Sacrificing one's life is a small price to pay for love of country,” a title reads.
Sukkari, who was shot dead on January 31 after shooting and injuring two soldiers seriously, was celebrated in the West Bank as a martyr.
He was a member of the Palestinian Authority security forces, and served as a bodyguard for the Ramallah district attorney.
Ahead of the attack he wrote on Facebook: “There are things on this earth that make life worth living. However, unfortunately, I don't see life worth living under occupation — suffocating us, and killing our brothers and our sisters.”
The attack stood out among the rash of Palestinian assaults in recent months, which have generally been carried out by civilians, and not by members of terror cells or Palestinian armed forces.
Uber driver Grant Nelson spent his last evening alive talking and laughing with his parents and brother around the dinner table. Then he got an Uber alert and left to pick up a customer.
"That was the last time that we saw him," said Tina Nelson, his mother, who got word early the next morning that her 34-year-old son had been stabbed and was in the hospital.
"He was doing everything he could to earn a living and this terrible, terrible thing happened to him," she said. "It's beyond belief ... beyond sad."
Nelson, of Wilmette, was hacked and stabbed to death by a 16-year-old girl who had just stolen a machete and knife from Walmart in Skokie, authorities said. They allege that the attack was unprovoked, occurring moments after Eliza Wasni got into Nelson's car about 3:20 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood.
The Chicago teen has been charged in adult court with first-degree murder and is being held without bond in a juvenile facility.
"I know people go through terrible situations of this sort and they survive, and you do wonder how," Tina Nelson said.
Friday afternoon, a large crowd packed a Skokie chapel for Nelson's funeral, where his mother, brother Todd, sister Alex and father Leonard all spoke, the service punctuated by sobs but also laughter.
"He never lifted his fist or his voice in anger," Todd Nelson said of his brother, whom he called "a kind soul in a cruel world. ... I hope I can live by the example that (he) showed."
A funeral service was held for Grant Nelson, 34, an Uber driver who was killed earlier this week allegedly by a ride-sharing customer. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune) A funeral service was held for Grant Nelson, 34, an Uber driver who was killed earlier this week allegedly by a ride-sharing customer. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Leonard Nelson said that in the days since his son died, friends, relatives and neighbors have shared with him how Grant Nelson helped them.
His son was never going to be a CEO or a politician but he was a "good, kind, loyal" son, brother and friend, "and that would have been enough."
Prior to the funeral, other old friends of Nelson's from Wilmette recalled him as gracious, funny and well-read.
"Grant encapsulated what we seek in a lifelong friend. He was a kind, empathetic and extremely funny human being who could always be counted on to lift your spirits when life had you down," Geoff Teal said prior to the funeral. He attended New Trier High School with Nelson.
Another high school friend, Lee Selker, who now lives overseas, recalled meeting Nelson for lunch the last time he was in town for what turned into a talk that lasted several hours.
Fellow Wilmette friend Neil Visalvanich said they talked about movies, books, politics, music and religion.
"When we first met, we struck up a conversation and essentially didn't stop talking for almost 20 years," Visalvanich said. "I'll miss our talks and his kindness and generosity dearly."
At Wasni's initial court hearing in Cook County on Wednesday, authorities said she stabbed Nelson multiple times. He ran to a nearby building seeking help and she tried to drive off in his car but then fled on foot after striking a median, prosecutors said. She was located nearby a short time later, still holding the knife and machete; a blood-stained Cubs shirt she had been seen wearing in Walmart surveillance video also was found nearby, they said. Nelson was able to describe his attacker before he died, authorities said.
Tina Nelson said she felt compelled to attend the hearing; family members at times sobbed in court as the attack was described.
"We had to sit there and we had to hear it. For him. Because somehow I had to let him know I know what happened to him and that I was so sorry I couldn't be there to help him," she said.
Nelson's family also issued a statement: "To Uber, Lyft and taxicab drivers, who take us all where we need to go: We pray that you will remain safe and free from harm, and hope that if anything can be done to increase your safety, it will be done."
At the funeral, Nelson's sister Alex thanked nearby residents who called 911, the paramedics who fought to save his life and the state's attorney's office.
Susan Berger is a freelance reporter.
Characters from Bioware's KotOr, I just changed them a bit...
on tumblr [link]
I finished this on time!! This is my entry for the Steampunk Challenge. I had wanted to make a KotOR fanart for some time...and actually I did start something very similar to this almost two years ago, but it was a huge FAIL and I buried it forever...So when I read about the challenge I was like "FERB! I know what we're gonna do today!"I gave Carth a fancy leather jacket, old boots and this kind of blunderbuss guns. And goggles. I didn't want to include too many steampunk cliches, but since he's a pilot, I think it makes sense for him to have them (I was very tempted to give him a a pilot hat but oh well I love that hair and that fringe too much)...and of course SIDEBURNS!For Bastila, I wanted to maker her more ladylike, corset, petticoat, pretty boots... and curls. I changed a bit her lightsaber. Technology is cool, but I wanted the light beams to be less perfect, a bit more like brute energy...and it's connected to a battery. This was in fact my brother's idea, he told me lightsabers used to be like that originally and I loved it.And that other girl is my fem!Revan. Wearing a manly explorer jacket and being a bamf with her blades. And yeah, they're probably up to something in the Lower City on Taris. Trying to get a ship to get out of the planet. I want to imagine they steal the Copper Hawk...that looks a bit like this [link]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Duncan Campbell: "It feels quite surreal... it's such a relief, the limbo's over"
Dublin-born film artist Duncan Campbell has won this year's £25,000 Turner Prize for a video that reflects on African art and includes a dance sequence inspired by Karl Marx.
The jury described the winning film It for Others as "an ambitious and complex film which rewards repeated viewing".
Campbell's win was announced by actor Chiwetel Ejiofor at Tate Britain live on Channel 4.
"This money will make a huge difference," the artist said.
"Even being nominated for the prize has given me great heart."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Actor Chiwetel Ejiofor announces Duncan Campbell as the winner
Glasgow-based Campbell, who was the bookmakers' favourite, was on the shortlist for the prestigious and provocative contemporary art prize along with James Richards, Ciara Phillips and Tris Vonna-Michell.
Speaking to the BBC's arts editor Will Gompertz after his win, Campbell described his 54-minute film as "episodic" and hoped people would watch it from beginning to end.
"Ideally you might watch it twice," he said.
He is the fourth graduate from the Glasgow School of Art to have won the prize in the last 10 years.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Duncan Campbell's It for Others is being shown at Tate Britain
Image copyright courtesy of Tate Britain Image caption It for Others ponders the value and uses of art
The school's director Professor Tom Inns said: "The Glasgow School of Art warmly congratulates Duncan Campbell on winning the Turner Prize.
"This is a great accolade both for Duncan and for the Glasgow School of Art. Duncan becomes our fifth winner of this prestigious award since 1996 and the fourth graduate of our Master of Fine Art programme to win since 2005."
In May a major fire caused extensive damage to the art school's Mackintosh building and destroyed its famous library.
This year's Turner shortlist has underwhelmed many art commentators with the Spectator's Digby Warde-Aldam describing it as "the worst shortlist in the award's history".
It for Others - part of Scotland's entry in last year's Venice Biennale - responds to a 1953 film essay about historical African art and colonialism, Statues Also Die, by Chris Marker and Alan Resnais.
It blends archive footage with new material including a new dance work by the choreographer Michael Clark inspired by equations from Karl Marx's Das Kapital.
The jury said they admired Campbell's "exceptional dedication to making a work which speaks about the construction of value and meaning in ways that are topical and compelling".
This year's prize fund is £40,000 with £25,000 going to the winner and £5,000 each for the other shortlisted artists.
Previous winners of the Turner Prize include Damien Hirst, Antony Gormley and installation artist Laure Prouvost, who took last year's award.
It was established in 1984 to celebrate new developments in contemporary art and is given to a British artist under 50 who judges believe has put on the best exhibition of the last 12 months.
Work by this year's nominees has been on show at Tate Britain in London since 30 September and will continue to be shown until 4 January.
Duncan Campbell
Image copyright PA/Tate Image caption Duncan Campbell's films bring together "authentic" archive footage with fictional elements
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 5, 2016, 7:11 PM GMT / Updated April 5, 2016, 7:11 PM GMT By Matthew DeLuca
The popular service WhatsApp has upped the ante on encryption, expanding protections so that only the sender of a message and its recipient will be able to see what's said.
The app, which has more than one billion users around the world, first started to introduce encryption into its product a year and a half ago. Now, messages sent over the company's app will be encrypted from the point they're sent until they're received, meaning that even WhatsApp will get only a garbled mess if it tried to listen in on a conversation.
“WhatsApp's end-to-end encryption ensures only you and the person you're communicating with can read what is sent, and nobody in between, not even WhatsApp,” the company said on its website on Tuesday. The change applies to all calls and messages made through the app after March 31.
Read More: Encryption an 'Enabler of Human Rights,' Amnesty International Says
“All of this happens automatically: no need to turn on settings or set up special secret chats to secure your messages,” the company said.
The expansion of "end-to-end" encryption comes after a heated legal dispute between Apple and the FBI in California brought encryption and tech security into the spotlight. Law enforcement officials including FBI Director James Comey have repeatedly expressed fears in recent years that criminals and terrorists will use encrypted apps and messaging services to “go dark” and hide from the government.
WhatsApp's end-to-end encryption presents a "significant problem," FBI general counsel James Baker said during an appearance at the Global Privacy Summit on Tuesday.
"But the reality is that business decisions have consequences, so we have to figure out how to deal with that," Baker said.
Facebook and WhatsApp were among the companies that submitted amicus briefs last month supporting Apple in its case involving an iPhone used by San Bernardino terrorist Syed Farook.
Read More: For Renowned Cryptographer, Encryption Remains As Important As Ever
"Recently there has been a lot of discussion about encrypted services and the work of law enforcement,” WhatsApp said in a blog post on Tuesday. “While we recognize the important work of law enforcement in keeping people safe, efforts to weaken encryption risk exposing people's information to abuse from cybercriminals, hackers, and rogue states.”
Facebook acquired WhatsApp for $19 billion in 2014. Whatsapp founder Jan Koum, who was born in Ukraine, has been an outspoken proponent for strong encryption and security protections.
"We're glad to do our part in keeping people's information out of the hands of hackers and cyber-criminals," Koum wrote in a Facebook post.
In last month's column I recounted how my replication of Stanley Milgram's shock experiments revealed that although most people can be inveigled to obey authorities if they are asked to hurt others, they do so reluctantly and with much moral conflict. Milgram's explanation was an “agentic state,” or “the condition a person is in when he sees himself as an agent for carrying out another person's wishes.” As agents in an experiment, subjects shift from being moral agents in society to obedient agents in a hierarchy. “I am forever astonished that when lecturing on the obedience experiments in colleges across the country, I faced young men who were aghast at the behavior of experimental subjects and proclaimed they would never behave in such a way but who, in a matter of months, were brought into the military and performed without compunction actions that made shocking the victim seem pallid.”
This is an astute observation because research on the motivation of soldiers during combat—well summarized by Lt. Col. Dave Grossman in his deeply insightful book On Killing (Little, Brown, 2009)—reveals that a soldier's primary motivation is not politics and ideology but devotion to his band of brothers. “Among men who are bonded together so intensely,” Grossman explains, “there is a powerful process of peer pressure in which the individual cares so deeply about his comrades and what they think about him that he would rather die than let them down.”
As a social primate species, we modulate our morals with signals from family, friends and social groups with whom we identify because in our evolutionary past those attributes helped individuals to survive and reproduce. We do not just blindly concede control to authorities; instead we follow the cues provided by our moral communities on how best to behave.
The power of identification is emphasized in a reinterpretation of Milgram in a 2012 article in Perspectives on Psychological Science by University of St. Andrews psychologist Stephen D. Reicher, University of Queensland psychologist S. Alexander Haslam and University of Exeter psychologist Joanne R. Smith. They call their paradigm “identification-based followership,” noting that “participants' identification with either the experimenter and the scientific community that he represents or the learner and the general community that he represents” better explains the willingness of subjects to shock (or not) learners at the bidding of an authority. At the start of the experiment, subjects identify with the experimenter and his worthy scientific research program, but at 150 volts the subjects' identification begins to shift to the learner, who cries out “Ugh!!! Experimenter! That's all. Get me out of here, please. My heart's starting to bother me. I refuse to go on. Let me out.”
It is, in fact, at 150 volts that subjects are most likely to quit or protest. “In effect,” Reicher and his colleagues postulate, “they become torn between two competing voices that are vying for their attention and making contradictory demands on them.” This hypothesis better explains subjects' overt moral struggles after 150 volts far better than Milgram's agentic state because the latter encompasses only the subject-authority tie at the exclusion of the obvious subject-victim empathetic bond.
The other shortcoming of Milgram's model is that it lets Nazi bureaucrats off the hook as mere agentic apparatuses in an extermination engine run by Adolf Eichmann, whose actions were famously described by Hannah Arendt as the “banality of evil.” Where is the moral accountability? As historian Yaacov Lozowick noted in his 2002 book Hitler's Bureaucrats, “Eichmann and his ilk did not come to murder Jews by accident, or in a fit of absent-mindedness, nor by blindly obeying orders or by being small cogs in a big machine. They worked hard, thought hard, took the lead over many years. They were the alpinists of evil.”
Examples of Nazi climbers ascending into the thin air of evil abound in a 1992 book entitled The Good Old Days. As explained by one such alpinist, SS Lt. Col. Karl Kretschmer: “It is a weakness not to be able to stand the sight of dead people; the best way of overcoming it is to do it more often. Then it becomes a habit.”
Providentially, learned habits can be unlearned, especially in the context of moral groups.
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN ONLINE
Comment on this article at ScientificAmerican.com/dec2012
Google Glass may not be permanently available for sale to the general public, but Mountain View recently promised to find new ways to expand the Explorer program. The pricey gadget's first stop? The Player's Championship in Florida, a golf tournament where many participants can easily afford the device's $1,500 price tag. Despite the prime location, Google still bundled the eyewear with a free mini-camera that clamps onto a golf club to sweeten the deal. Sounds like the company's plan worked quite well: according to Twitter user Richard Ranick, a sales associate claimed sales were much better than expected. Since Google has vowed to make Explorers not just out of sports lovers, but also out of optometrists, cooks and travelers, we might see more Glass booths (after the break) at various events in the future.
[Image credit: Google Glass/Twitter]
Update (05/13/14): According to Paul Goldstein (creator of the GolfSight app you see on the Glass interface above), Google was actually handing out Swingbyte devices as freebies instead of mini cameras.
Sergey Brin and Anne Wojcicki. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri Google co-founder Sergey Brin and his wife, 23andMe co-founder, Anne Wojcicki are living apart, reports AllThingsD's Liz Gannes.
They haven't filed for a legal separation or a divorce yet but "they have been living apart for several months. They remain good friends and partners," a spokesman for Brin and Wojcicki confirmed to Gannes. The couple has two children.
In addition to being married to Brin, Wojcicki is sister to one of Google's first employees, Susan Wojcicki, a senior vice president in charge of ads.
Anne Wojcicki famously met Brin because Susan was renting her garage to him and his fellow cofounder, Larry Page, as Google's first headquarters. Susan Wojcicki's husband, Dennis Troper, also works for Google. So there's a whole lot of Wojcicki's family at Google if Brin and Anne decide to call it quits.
Both Google and Brin also have invested in Anne's company, 23andMe. Her startup has raised $161 million total.
In 2008, Brin revealed that the work that 23andMe is doing, genetic testing with a particular study of Parkinson's disease, might have improved his health. Brin's mother has the illness and thanks to 23&Me, Brin found out early that he has a chance of getting it, too.
The two of them reportedly have a pre-nup, Gannes says, so if they split there would be no impact on Google. But in addition to 23andMe, they have other joint projects, like their $200 million Brin Wojcicki Foundation, which donates to a variety of causes. Thanks to the foundation, they were the fifth most generous philanthropists in 2012, according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy.
We've reached out to Google for comment.
The Patreon account of former Rebel Media personality Lauren Southern was banned late last week by the subscription-based crowdfunding website, following a lobbying campaign by the U.K.-based anti-extremism charity HOPE not hate.
“Yes, HOPE not hate lobbied Patreon directly, and they removed everyone connected to Defend Europe from their service,” Hope not hate director of communications Nick Ryan told CANADALAND in an email.
If you are curious as to how HopeNotHate had enough "lobbying" leverage to make Patreon delete @Lauren_Southern 's account, look no further. pic.twitter.com/DmYwDNp2AU — Nick Monroe (@nickmon1112) July 24, 2017
A Patreon representative informed Southern by email last Thursday that her account was being banned because some of her actions were “likely to cause loss of life” but didn't elaborate further on any specific actions that prompted the ban.
Patreon is a popular crowdfunding platform used by independent media creators, including CANADALAND, that allows “patrons” to pledge support via recurring payments.
Patreon just deleted my account. — Lauren Southern (@Lauren_Southern) July 20, 2017
Southern was The Rebel's most popular personality when she suddenly left in early March to “go independent.” While there, Southern regularly courted controversy. In one video, she blasted a Black Lives Matter Toronto organizer as a “trainwreck.” In another, she told a doctor she was “gender non-binary” in order to change her sex designation to male on official ID, to mock the government's accommodations for transgender people. She currently has 304,000 Twitter followers and 310,000 YouTube subscribers (gaining a few thousand since the Patreon ban).
In a YouTube video titled “PATREON BANNED MY ACCOUNT??” released on Southern's channel last Friday, the alt-right vlogger blasted Patreon for what she claimed was the politically motivated termination of her account.
“So as you may know by now, Patreon has kicked me off of their website, essentially eviscerating the majority of my income,” said Southern in her video.
At the time Southern was banned, she had around 650 Patreon subscribers and was making several thousand dollars per month from her account, according to Marc Weisblott of Twelve Thirty Six.
not Jordan Peterson money (yet?) but decent USD scratch for a 21-year-old freelancer https://t.co/BAXfQiCNd7 pic.twitter.com/5HPAUPgo5o — Twelve Thirty Six (@1236) May 12, 2017
In Southern's video response to the ban, she read out the email Patreon sent her to inform her her account was being terminated:
Hi Lauren, My name is Max and I am a member of the Trust and Safety team at Patreon. Here at Patreon we believe in freedom of speech. We are creating a platform that empowers creators to share and debate ideas. When ideas cross into action, though, we sometimes must take a closer look at what our creators are doing with the funds they earn through Patreon. It appears that you are currently raising funds in order to take part in activities that are likely to cause loss of life. We have therefore decided to remove your page from Patreon, and paid out your final balance of $95.00 to you. We understand that this will come as a disappointment. Please know that we have come to this decision after a long review process and will not consider an appeal. Thank you for your understanding. Regards, Patreon Trust+Safety
“That's a pretty freaking incredible claim there, Patreon, that should take some pretty incredible evidence behind it, shouldn't it?” said an exasperated Southern. “But what did you provide for evidence? Absolutely nothing — absolutely freaking nothing.”
CANADALAND reached out to Patreon for comment, seeking clarification on what activities Southern was participating in that were “likely to cause loss of life.” A spokesperson provided us with a written statement that reiterated what they had told Southern. The spokesperson also said it is unlikely that Patreon would comment further because they “try to avoid commenting on specific creator situations.”
CANADALAND also reached out to Southern but has yet to hear back. When CANADALAND contacted her earlier this year for an interview concerning her exit from The Rebel, she replied simply, “No, you guys suck balls.”
In Southern's video, she expressed the suspicion — which HOPE not hate has now confirmed to CANADALAND — that Patreon's ban had to do with her coverage of the Identitarian Movement, a pan-European uprising of far-right activists trying to stop the flow of migrants entering Europe. Southern is currently embedded with Defend Europe, an Identitarian group that has a 25-member crew sailing the Mediterranean in a 422-tonne vessel for the stated purpose of stopping and documenting supposed complicity between NGOs, human traffickers, and governments in bringing shiploads of economic migrants and refugees into Europe by the thousands on a daily basis.
“By luring Africans into the sea, they are endangering lives and abusing international maritime law,” claims a statement on Defend Europe's website.
Although there are reports from organizations like HOPE not hate that Defend Europe blocks rescue operations of migrants and refugees, the group maintains that it doesn't “hinder actual rescue operations” of those in danger of drowning from capsized boats.
In Southern's video, she says she is not participating in the mission, but was planning to go on Defend Europe's vessel as a journalist documenting the trip. She also denied being involved with the organization, instead arguing that she simply covers them.
“Secondly, not a dime I got from Patreon went towards the Defend Europe mission. All the money I get from Patreon goes to my initial stated goals, which were entirely within the Patreon guidelines.”
Yet many of Southern's videos of her interviewing Defend Europe and other Identitarian leaders show she is close to and sympathetic with the movement.
“I think you are much more fierce than other activists,” Defend Europe organizer Martin Sellner told Southern in a video. He added, “I think also by making these videos and coming here, actually being here, reporting about it, you're already helping us a lot. I want to thank you very much for spreading the message and the idea.”
The 22-year-old Southern was also detained by the Italian coast guard back in May when she helped another Identitarian group called Génération Identitaire shoot flares and stop boats from docking on the Italian coast.
The Italian police were trailing us, so Lauren and I went out in this suuuuper convincing disguise. ? #DefendEurope pic.twitter.com/RYsnfyemjy — Brittany Pettibone (@BrittPettibone) July 24, 2017
In her video about the Patreon ban, which has over 460,000 views, Southern also defends Defend Europe's mission as likely to help save lives.
“The mission is literally working entirely within maritime laws. And if any of that changed, and if their mission was to harm people or ignore people in distress, I would disavow it immediately,” she said.
Meanwhile, HOPE not hate's Ryan tells us that Defend Europe is already putting refugees and migrants in danger:
For multiple reasons (as we've published), we've established that Defend Europe is a far-right operation, using a ship with likely armed personnel, whose original messaging, videos and imagery very specifically said it would “block” NGO vessels. Since we focused attention on this matter, Defend Europe has attempted to change its messaging to simply “monitor” NGO ships, but given the evasiveness of its vessel's movements, the often-confrontational nature of its previous stunts, and the involvement of noted individuals from far-right organisations — who claim they are going to attempt to return migrants and refugees to a failed state (Libya) with no functioning government, which may contravene international conventions [see our legal briefings] — we don't think anyone should trust Defend Europe's words right now. Worse, we doubt Defend Europe has sufficiently qualified medical personnel aboard their vessel to offer humanitarian assistance to those people it may pick up out of the water. In essence, their intervention in an already-troubled situation simply adds fuel to the fire, in our opinion and those of thousands who've signed our petition or shared out materials online.
CANADALAND contacted Defend Europe for a response but has not heard back.
Southern also accused the crowdfunding site of a double standard because it has allowed what she calls a “radical left-wing organization that promotes violence against police” — It's Going Down — to still fundraise on its platform, which Southern argues could actually lead to a loss of life. It's Going Down's Patreon video does appear to glorify the burning of police cars and other forms of rioting and vandalism, and the publication does describe itself as a “digital community center from anarchist, anti-fascist, autonomous anti-capitalist, and anti-colonial movements.”
In standing up to to Patreon's ban, Southern has taken a page out of her former boss Ezra Levant's playbook, buying the domain patreonsucks.com to rebuild her paid subscriber base.
It has been an eventful year for Southern thus far. Beyond being detained by the Italian coast guard and banned by Patreon, she has also attended a White House press briefing, been demonetized by YouTube, had a self-published Amazon best-seller, and accidentally got her friends and others beaten up because she mistakenly wore an Identitarian t-shirt to a German Antifa (anti-fascist) rally.
Using Hadoop to process Active Directory user lists
Powershell offers some really nice exporting and reporting capabilities. Most sysadmins will have a script like the following in their toolkit:
Import-Module activedirectory Get-ADUser -filter * -properties distinguishedname,lastlogontimestamp | export-csv -path .\Downloads\userlist.csv
It's a nice little script that will produce a csv file containing a user list, and a few keye elements. Usually you would import this into Excel. The file looks something like this: "DistinguishedName","Enabled","GivenName","lastlogontimestamp","Name","ObjectClass","ObjectGUID","SamAccountName","SID","Surname","UserPrincipalName" "CN=user,CN=Users,DC=mydomain,DC=local","True","OMGAUser","131402913451305734","Administrator","user","33df0732-43b8-4682-a214-b44d280bdb01","Administrator","S-1-5-21-2423464028-1209010664-1514014521-500","Account","user@users"
Unfortunately I hit a snag yesterday when I ran this against a domain that had a whopping 120 users.
At this point, it was vastly in excess of what Excel could manage, so I did what everyone does with an uncontrollable data set and called my Oracle account manager.
Within 20 minutes he showed up in his new Bentley and proceeded to help me calculate the licensing costs. Oracle's licensing formula is:
licences = (rows * cols) ^ tables
Fortunately we only had one table to deal with, but with 120 rows and 11 columns, we're staring down the barrel of 1320 Oracle licences. At $2,000 a pop + 20% account manager tip, standard processes for dealing with data were starting to become infeasible at this scale.
Building a processing script
Our goals are:
Filter out disabled users
Filter out users that should be disabled based on last logon
Group them by OU
With a classic map reduce put together, we've got one sticking point. Active Directory's timestamp is annoyingly formatted. Here's a quick but of Ruby to help show the conversion:
irb ( main ): 011 : 0 > Time . at (( 131402913451305734 / 10000000 ) - 11644473600 ). to_datetime => #<DateTime: 2017-05-26T16:55:45+00:00 ((2457900j,60945s,0n),+0s,2299161j)>
We're going to use Netflix Pigpen to process this data. Clojure really is a great way to understand data wrangling. Let's start with a function that walks through what we're doing with it:
( defn processusers [ input output ] ( ->> ( pig-data input ) ( pig/map ( partial zipmap [ :cn :enabled :first :logon ])) ( pig/filter isenabled ) ( pig/filter filterold ) ( pig/map # ( zipmap [ :user :group ] ( rest ( re-find # "CN=(.+?),OU=(.+?)," ( get % :cn ))))) ( pig/group-by :group ) ( pig/map ( fn [[ word occurrences ]] [ word ( count occurrences )])) ( pig/store-json output ) ))
Walking through this function, we: - Read the csv data - Map columns to a hash of four items, throw out the rest - Filter disabled users - Filter old users - Using a regex, extract the name and OU - Group by OU - Perform the classic wordcount function on OU members - Store JSON
All that's left is to fill in the functions.
( defn isenabled [ user ] ( if-not ( = ( get user :enabled ) "True" ) false true )) ( defn pig-data [ input ] ( pig/load-csv input )) ( defn getage ([ lastlogin ] ( if ( nil? lastlogin ) -1000 ; Conversion to seconds (age/10000000)-11644473600 ( quot ( - ( - ( quot lastlogin 10000000 ) 11644473600 ) ( quot ( System/currentTimeMillis ) 1000 )) 86400 )))) ( defn filterold [ user ] ( let [ daysold ( getage ( parse-int ( get user :logon )))] ( if ( < daysold -30 ) false true ))) ( defn parse-int [ s ] ( when-let [ d ( re-find # "-?\d+" s )] ( BigInteger. d )))
The "getage" function is unfortunately horrible. I'm not sure how to improve this. Now you've just got to build the Pig script:
( require ' [ pigpen.pig ]) ( pigpen.pig/write-script "my-script.pig" ( mypigrun "$INPUT" "$OUTPUT" ))
And the .jar file, and a quick hack on the script. Substitute bucket name as appropriate:
$ lein uberjar $ cp target/uberjar/myapp-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT-standalone.jar pigpen.jar $ cat /tmp/big/my-script.pig | sed 's_pigpen\.jar_s3://examplebucket/pigpen.jar_' > my-s3script.pig
Now strap ourself in, because with just a few commands we're going to launch a six server cluster, at two millionth of the cost of running Oracle.
$ aws s3 mb s3://examplebucket $ aws s3 cp pigpen.jar s3://examplebucket/pigpen.jar $ aws s3 cp input.csv s3://examplebucket/input.csv $ aws s3 cp myscript.pig s3://examplebucket/my-s3script.pig $ aws emr create-cluster --name "Pig Cluster" --release-label emr-5.5.0 --applications Name = Pig \ --use-default-roles --instance-type m3.xlarge --instance-count 6 --log-uri s3://examplebucket --auto-terminate \ --steps Type = PIG,Name = "Pig Program" ,ActionOnFailure = CONTINUE,Args =[ -f ,s3://examplebucket/my-s3script.pig,-p,INPUT = s3://examplebucket
Come back in around two hours and for just a few dollars you'll have a great Active Directory report waiting for you:
$ aws s3 ls s3://examplebucket/output/ 2017-05-23 06:44:09 0 _SUCCESS 2017-05-23 06:44:09 358 part-v001-o000-r-00000 $ aws s3 cp s3://examplebucket/output/part-v001-o000-r-00000 . download: s3://examplebucket/output/part-v001-o000-r-00000 to ./part-v001-o000-r-00000
Obviously
Obviously at 120 rows, the scale comments aren't meant to be taken literally. This guide does however, provide a very workable framework for processing very large amounts of data. Whilst I'm proclaiming Clojure a really good way of wrangling this sort of data - I've been using it for a week. This code could probably be a lot better.
Many more are left thirsty. Figures show that for ­every patient who dies of malnutrition about four more have dehydration mentioned on their death certificate.
Critics say food and drink are often placed out of reach of vulnerable patients and taken away untouched because nurses are too busy to help them eat.
Charities last night demanded urgent action to cut the shocking death toll.
Dianne Jeffrey, chairwoman of the Malnutrition Task Force, said: “Too many are paying the price with their lives while being deprived of the basic right to good nutrition, hydration and support.”
Dr Tim Bowling, of charity BAPEN, which raises awareness of malnutrition, said the figures from the Office for National Statistics were an underestimate.
In 2011 as many as 291 patients died in a state of severe malnutrition and 43 starved to death. In the same period the number of patients discharged from hospital suffering from malnutrition doubled to 5,558, more than 100 a week.
Last July an inquest heard a cancer patient died of thirst in St George's Hospital, Tooting, south London, despite begging staff for a drink. Kane Gorny, 22, was denied medication that controlled his fluid levels after a hip replacement.
He dialled 999 because he was so desperate but police were turned away by staff. The inquest was told that Mr Gorny was restrained by security guards and sedated. In a recent legal case, Worcestershire NHS Trust apologised to the families of 38 patients who suffered what lawyers described as “appalling levels of care” in hospital.
President Barack Obama seems more concerned with appeasing environmental extremists in his administration than he is with the lost jobs of poor Americans. He's letting the environmentalists run wild with long pent-up schemes to force a change in the American way of life that includes small cars, small apartments and, for many, a return to an idealized 19th century lifestyle. It's not China that's responsible for American job losses; it's Washington's fault for shutting down whole industries and preventing new jobs from being created.
What's happened is that Obama has given the environmental extremists the power to make some of their wish list come true. Modern measurement techniques allow scientists to measure tiny parts per million; much of the technology did not exist when the Clean Air Act was first legislated in 1990. Using these new techniques environmentalists are able to impose their fantasies upon American business and labor. For industry, removing the last parts per million is prohibitively costly. For instance, technology which could have removed the Gulf of Mexico oil spill was prohibited by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) because the discharged ocean water would still contain more than 15 parts per million of oil.
When the American economy was growing fast these EPA job killers were not so damaging. Now, in slower times, they are proving deadly.
Below are eight areas where the environmental extremists hope to wreak havoc on the American economy.
Carbon Dioxide. Human activity accounts for less than 4 percent of global CO2 emissions and CO2 itself accounts for only 10 or 20 percent of the greenhouse effect. Water vapor accounts for most of the other 80 percent. The actual quantity of C02 in the Earth's atmosphere is about 0.0387 percent, or 387 parts per million. The Christian Science Monitor recently published an excellent analysis of how the EPA's plans for reducing carbon dioxide could cause the loss of over a million jobs and raise every family's energy costs by over $1,200.
Factory boilers. The EPA wants new, more stringent limits on soot emissions from industrial and factory boilers. This would cost $9.5 billion according to the EPA, or over $20 billion according to the American Chemistry Council. A study released by the Council of Industrial Boiler Owners says the new rules would put 300,000 to 800,000 jobs at risk as industries opted to close plants rather than pay the expensive new costs. The ruling includes boilers used in manufacturing, processing, mining, and refining, as well as shopping malls, laundromats, apartments, restaurants, and hotels.
Home Remodeling. Some contractors are refusing to work on houses built before 1979 (when lead paint use was discontinued) because of stringent new EPA permitting required for lead paint removal. Lead paints in powdered or edible form can hurt growing children. It was once used in the hard gloss paint for wood surfaces, but has been painted over with non-lead-based paint during the past 30 years. The new fines of $37,000 per day are ruinous for smaller contractors and individual workers. Many jobs will therefore not be created as smaller contractors stop replacing window frames or turn down other work where lead paint may be present.
Ground Level Ozone. AutoBlog reports that the EPA has asked the U.S. government to enact draconian new smog regulations for ground-level ozone. The request to cut levels to .006 to .007 parts per million comes less than two years after standards were set at .0075 particles of pollutants per one million. As AutoBlog notes, “That doesn't sound like a very big change, but the New York Times reports that the agency quotes the price tag of such a change at between $19 billion and $100 billion per year by 2020. Oil manufacturers, manufacturing and utility companies are the main source of air pollution and they will have to spend heavily to meet the proposed regulation.”
The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR). The Fish and Wildlife Service is drawing up plans that define more parts of ANWR as “wilderness” thereby permanently removing any possibility for oil drilling in the vast field. The full Alaskan nature reserve is the size of South Carolina while the proposed drilling area would be the size of Dulles Airport.
Alaska Oil. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has prohibited all off-shore drilling until further notice, although Shell Oil and others' proposed sites are in less than 150 feet of water and use fixed drilling platforms, not the floating kind used for deep water in the Gulf of Mexico. Potentially vast oil fields and the accompanying jobs are therefore on hold.
Cement Kiln Regulations. Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.), who led the fight to expose so-called man-made global warming, warns of a new EPA job-killing plan. “EPA's new cement kiln regulation could shut down 18 plants, threatening 1,800 direct jobs and 9,000 indirect jobs,” he writes. “According to an analysis of EPA's rule by King's College (London) Professor Ragnar Lofstedt, EPA could send 28 million tons of U.S. cement production offshore, mainly to China.”
The above are all large-scale restrictions. There are also many smaller, mostly unreported new regulations. A Heritage Foundation study describes 43 such restrictions imposed during 2010 and totaled up their cost as well over $26 billion. As Sen. Blanche Lincoln (D-Ark.) complained before her defeat, farmers, ranchers, and foresters “are increasingly frustrated and bewildered by vague, overreaching, and unnecessarily burdensome EPA regulations, each of which will add to their costs, making it harder for them to compete.”
Gulf of Mexico Oil. While Salazar ostensibly lifted his illegal and unnecessary suspension of all oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, we don't yet know if he has put up interminable, cost-wrecking regulations in the ban's place. Just one of his changes, allowing government bureaucrats 90 days instead of the prior 30 days to issue every decision, may be enough to ruin future oil drilling. The big floating rigs rent for over half a million dollars a day to operate. Just the threat of non-decisions along the chain of government command may be fatal and do to oil drilling what the environmentalists did to nuclear energy—namely, shutting down all new plants by making the costs and risks prohibitive. Michael Bromwich, Salazar's director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, said that there were only 10 new well permits pending, but according to The Washington Post there were 69 unapproved exploration and development plans sitting in his office. Even simple, continued drilling in already producing oil sands, where the geological conditions are measured and known, has been suspended.
Salazar also suspended shallow well drilling in less than 500 feet depth from fixed platforms. Washington only issued 13 such shallow well permits in the seven months since the Macondo blowout in April. Before that it was issuing about 13 shallow well permits per month. As is often the case with Washington's heavy-handed regulators, it is the smaller companies, doing less costly drilling closer to shore, that are bankrupted or driven out of business by these costly and burdensome rules. All this comes after 40 years of successful drilling without a major blowout or spill.
Government restrictions and environmentalist lawsuits also affect other mining activity. For example, there is currently a shortage in Chinese rare earth elements, which are essential to a number of technologies, including hard drives and environmentalist-friendly hybrid-car batteries. Yet despite an abundance of rare earth reserves in the U.S., domestic production has been essentially shut down by the president's allies.
It's time for Congress to investigate what the EPA and its reckless agenda is costing American workers, businesses, and taxpayers.
Jon Basil Utley is associate publisher of The American Conservative. He was a foreign correspondent for Knight Ridder newspapers and former associate editor of The Times of the Americas. For 17 years, he was a commentator for the Voice of America. In the 1980s, he owned and operated a small oil drilling partnership in Pennsylvania.
Much of the global canine population is now overweight, and this can adversely affect health, lifespan and quality of life. Undesirable behaviours are also common in pet dogs, and these can adversely affect welfare, as well as being stressful to owners. However, links between obesity and behavioural disorders have never previously been explored. An online survey was conducted between June and August in 2014, coinciding with the broadcast of a National UK television programme, exploring dog health, welfare and behaviour. Information gathered included signalment, overweight status and the prevalence of a range of undesirable behaviours. Fisher's exact test and OR were used to determine associations between overweight status and owner-reported behaviours. A total of 17 028 responses were received. After data verification, the final dataset comprised 11 154 dogs, 1801 (16·1 %) of which were reported by owners to be overweight. Owners of overweight dogs were more likely to see them as 'a baby' (P < 0·0001) and allow them to sleep on their bed (P < 0·0001). Overweight dogs were also more likely to guard food (P < 0·0001) and steal food (P < 0·0001). Other undesirable behaviours more commonly reported in overweight dogs included barking, growling or snapping at strangers (P = 0·0011) and other dogs (P = 0·0015), being fearful of outdoors (P < 0·0001), and not always coming back when called (P = 0·0011). Finally, owners were more likely to report that unsociable behaviours adversely affected their dog's health (P < 0·0001). Overweight status is associated with a number of undesirable behaviours in dogs. Further studies are now required to explore the reasons for these associations.
Afro-Jamaicans are Jamaicans of full or partial Black African descent. The first Africans that were brought came in 1513 from the Iberian Peninsula. When the English captured Jamaica in 1655, many of them fought with the Spanish, who gave them their freedom, and then fled to the mountains, resisting the British for many years to maintain their freedom, becoming known as Maroons. The British brought with them mostly Akan slaves, some of which ran away and joined with Maroons and even took over as leaders. Contents
Origin Edit
Africans were captured in wars, as retribution for crimes committed or by abduction and marched to the coast in "coffles" with their necks yoked to each other. The most common means of enslaving an African was through abduction. They were placed in trading posts or forts to await the horrifying six- to twelve-week Middle Passage voyage between Africa and the Americas during which they were chained together, underfed, kept in the ship's hold in the thousands [packed more like sardines than humans. Those who survived were fattened up and oiled to look healthy prior to being auctioned in public squares to the highest bidders. Ethnicities Edit Based on the phoenix ship records, enslaved Africans mostly came from the Akan people (Twi [Ashanti Akyem, etc.], Fante and Bono) followed by Igbo, Yoruba, Kongo, Fon people and Ibibio people. Akan (then called Coromantee) culture was the dominant African culture in Jamaica.[2] Originally in earlier British colonization, however the island before the 1750s was in fact mainly Akan imported. However, between 1663 and 1700, only six per cent of slave ships to Jamaica listed their origin as the Gold Coast, while between 1700 and 1720 that figure went up to 27 per cent. The number of Akan slaves arriving in Jamaica from Kormantin ports only increased in the early eighteenth century.[3] But due to frequent rebellions from the then known "Coromantee" that often joined the slave rebellion group known as the Jamaican Maroons, other groups were sent to Jamaica. The Akan population was still maintained because they were the preference of British planters in Jamaica because they were "better workers", according to these Planters. According to the Slave Voyages Archives, though the Igbo had the highest importation numbers, they were only imported to Montego Bay and St. Ann's bay ports, while the Gold Coast (mainly Akan) were more dispersed across the island and were a majority imported to 7 of 14 of the island's ports(each parish has one port).[4] Field slaves fetched £25–£75 while skilled slaves such as carpenters fetched prices as high as £300. The majority of the house slaves were mulattoes. On reaching the plantation, the slaves underwent a "seasoning" process in which they were placed with an experienced slave who taught them the ways of the estate. Although the initial slave traders were the Portuguese and the Dutch, between 1750 and 1807 (the year in which the British Empire abolished the slave trade), Britain "dominated the buying and selling of slaves to the Americas". They were also Brown/Mulatto or mixed race people at the time who had more privileges than the Blacks and usually held higher paying jobs and occupations. Shipbuilding flourished and manufacturing expanded: the "process of industrialization in England from the second quarter of the eighteenth century as to an important extent a response to colonial demands for rails, axes, buckets, coaches, clocks, saddles...and a thousand other things"[5]
History Edit
Culture Edit
Genetic studies Edit
Jamaican mtDNA Edit A DNA test study submitted to BMC Medicine in 2012 states that "....despite the historical evidence that an overwhelming majority of slaves were sent from the Bight of Biafra and West-central Africa near the end of the British slave trade, the mtDNA haplogroup profile of modern Jamaicans show a greater affinity with groups found in the present-day Gold Coast region Ghana....this is because Africans arriving from the Gold Coast may have thus found the acclimatization and acculturation process less stressful because of cultural and linguistic commonalities, leading ultimately to a greater chance of survivorship and a greater number of progeny. More detailed results stated: "Using haplogroup distributions to calculate parental population contribution, the largest admixture coefficient was associated with the Gold Coast (all of which were Ashanti based on the culture) (0.477 ± 0.12 or 59.7% of the Jamaican population with a 2.7 chance of Pygmy and Sahelian mixture), suggesting that the people from this region may have been consistently prolific throughout the slave era on Jamaica. The diminutive admixture coefficients associated with the Bight of Biafra and West-central Africa (0.064 ± 0.05 and 0.089 ± 0.05, respectively) is striking considering the massive influx of individuals from these areas in the waning years of the British Slave trade. When excluding the pygmy groups, the contribution from the Bight of Biafra and West-central rise to their highest levels (0.095 ± 0.08 and 0.109 ± 0.06, respectively), though still far from a major contribution. When admixture coefficients were calculated by assessing shared haplotypes, the Gold Coastalso had the largest contribution, though much less striking at 0.196, with a 95% confidence interval of 0.189 to 0.203. When haplotypes are allowed to differ by one base pair, the Jamaican matriline shows the greatest affinity with the Bight of Benin, though both Bight of Biafra and West-central Africa remain underrepresented. The results of the admixture analysis suggest the mtDNA haplogroup profile distribution of Jamaica more closely resembles that of aggregated populations from the modern-day Gold Coast region despite an increasing influx of individuals from both the Bight of Biafra and West-central Africa during the final years of trading enslaved Africans.[12] Results also stated that black Jamaicans (that make up over 90% of the population) on an average have 97.5% of west African MtDNA and very little European or Asian ancestry could be found. Both ethnic and racial genetic results are based on a low sample of 390 Jamaican persons and limited regional representation within Jamaica.[12] Jamaican Y-DNA Edit Pub Med results were also issued in the same year (2012): "Our results reveal that the studied population of Jamaica exhibit a predominantly South-Saharan paternal component, with haplogroups A1b-V152, A3-M32, B2-M182, E1a-M33, E1b1a-M2, E2b-M98, and R1b2-V88 comprising 66.7% of the Jamaican paternal gene pool. Yet, European derived chromosomes (i.e., haplogroups G2a*-P15, I-M258, R1b1b-M269, and T-M184) were detected at commensurate levels in Jamaica (18.9%), whereas Y-haplogroups indicative of Chinese [O-M175 (3.8%)] and Indian [H-M69 (0.6%) and L-M20 (0.6%)] ancestry were restricted to Jamaica.[13] African paternal DNA 66.7% European paternal DNA 18.9% Chinese paternal DNA 3.8% Indian paternal DNA 1.2%
Notable Afro-Jamaicans Edit
See also Edit
It's not every day we come across a talented conceptual photographer whose personal story makes his work even more powerful and compelling. But when we discovered Adam Hague on Explore and learned more about his work, we had to share his inspiring story.
“Photography was always a dream,” he tells The Weekly Flickr in the accompanying video. “It wasn't until I had to face one of the darkest times in my life and leave behind a lucrative career, that I was able to realize that dream. Photography not only changed my life, but I think saved it as well.”
In 2004, Adam received an incredible opportunity to participate in a work/study program with a major company in London. However, in 2006, things started to fall apart. Adam failed a couple of classes and soon his superiors started to question his abilities and aptitude. Feeling constantly put down at work, Adam was sucked into a depression.
“Finally in 2007, I started taking photographs to find a way to express myself and escape the constant negative pressure at my job. I was frequently threatened with being let go. This was when I realized no amount of money is ever worth such treatment.” Adam spent the next few years in a holding pattern – unsure of his next move. Despite feeling like his career path was crumbling around him, Adam slowly discovered his new passion and freedom as a photographer. He poured his heart and soul into his photography and it allowed him to find a bit of peace and solace.
“By 2012, I was incredibly unhappy,” Adam recalls. “But I made the most personal photo I ever had to date called The Sextuple Theory.”
“The Sextuple Theory photo won my second ASEAN Korea Multimedia competition prize,” Adam says. “The photo was the inspiration to leave my career, which was the source of so much of the darkness in my life. It allowed me to choose a life as a [full time] photographer and artist.”
“The five hands coming out of the water [in the photo] was my way of expressing how drowned and suffocating it feels to fail each time,” Adam explains. “The way the hands look like they're trying to reach me is a symbol of how it still haunts me. The warm tones and colors was my way of symbolizing the front I've been putting up. The pose I did was to express how tired I was of it all, and how it constantly makes me feel small and ashamed.”
Adam admits he was never diagnosed with clinical depression, but allowing photography to help him through this dark time was life-changing.
“Photography has become my way to voice my frustration and opinions,” Adam says. “Each portrait is personal to me. I see them as my surreal escape from reality and inspired by real life issues. I have full control over the photos — colors, pose, scene, mood… everything. In a way, having this control helps me vent my frustration of whatever else that I'm going through.”
Adam also sees his work as a method to inspire and encourage others who also feel alone.
“I hope my story will inspire others to believe in themselves and believe that there is a better tomorrow,” Adam says. “I wouldn't have achieved the things I've achieved had I not taken a leap of faith in leaving the safety of my previous career to pursue photography full time. Now, I have a more positive outlook, and I wish someone — my future self — would have shouted back at me sooner ‘take the leap and be happy!'”
Visit Adam's photostream to see more of his photography.
Previous episode: Family secret leads photographer on unexpected journey
Do you want to be featured on The Weekly Flickr? We are looking for your photos that amaze, excite, delight and inspire. Share them with us in the The Weekly Flickr Group, or tweet us at @TheWeeklyFlickr.
New Jersey Committee Adopts Water Audit Bill To Cut Losses
By Peak Johnson
A New Jersey legislative committee adopted a bill enabling water company audits that can determine how much water is lost on its journey to customers.
According to NJ Spotlight, the legislation is meant to tackle problems with leaks in older water pipelines, which “allow up to 30 percent of drinking water to be lost before it gets to consumers.”
The Assembly Environment and Solid Waste Committee also sent through a bill for testing and removing lead found in drinking water at healthcare facilities.
“The legislation is part of a series of bills aimed at addressing problems with the quality of drinking water, ranging from lead-tainted supplies in schools and other facilities to toxic contaminants in public water-supply systems and private wells,” NJ Spotlight reported.
In September, the U.S. Senate passed a water resources bill which allocated funds for the removal of lead drinking water pipes and lead contamination.
“The measure also approves projects designed to reduce flooding in areas of New Jersey and restore the Delaware River Basin,” NJ.com reported.
The effort will "protect New Jerseyans from the threats of river flooding and coastal storms, improve our aging water infrastructure, limit our children's exposure to lead-contaminated drinking water, and restore the environmental health of our waterways and estuaries," Senator Robert Menendez had said in a statement, per NJ.com.
According to the NJ Spotlight, a legislative task force is also conducting hearings on the aging drinking-water infrastructure in New Jersey. Some as old as 100 years or more and prone to leaks and major water-main breaks.
The federal government has projected the state needs to spend $8 billion to overhaul the drinking-water infrastructure.
Among the biggest concerns “are undetected leaks in older mains that are losing an estimated 130 million gallons of water a day, according to one recent study by the Natural Resources Defense Council.”
Image credit: "Old Pipes, July 2010" Mark Brooks © 2010 used under an Attribution 2.0 Generic license: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.0/
With their seventh round pick (No. 224) in the 2014 NFL Draft, the Philadelphia Eagles selected Wisconsin nose tackle Beau Allen. Allen is expected to compete for playing time at NT, and most likely in a backup role behind starter Bennie Logan. Bleeding Green Nation's Mike Kaye profiled Allen last week, but I thought it would be equally useful to acquire an insider's insight. Andrew Rosin of SB Nation Wisconsin blog Bucky's 5th Quarter was kind enough to contribute his answers to my questions about Allen. Here's how it turned out:
1) What is Beau Allen's NFL potential?
Now you could tell me that I'm being biased, and I just might be. But I think Beau Allen has a chance to be a real good starter in the NFL. I would be surprised if he ends up getting any sort of pro bowl accolades, but he could be a sort of eight years as a starter in a ten-to-twelve year career type of player.
2) What are his strengths?
His biggest strength is as a sort of space eater who held up at the point of attack. The nose tackle in the Badgers defense was never going to be statistically dominant, but if you ask any Badger fan the reason why the run defense was so dominant? They would credit Allen. Also, if you asked Allen to crash through a single gap? He can penetrate with a quick burst off the line and good functional strength. As a sophomore and a junior he had 13.5 tackles for loss and 6.5 sacks from the inside. This also goes to show that he's a very experienced and durable player. At least at the collegiate level.
3) What are his weaknesses?
His biggest weakness is in terms of lateral agility. He's good at crashing gaps, but there were moments in his sophomore and junior seasons where the quarterback or a running back was able to avoid Allen's attack. He also wasn't able to take your lateral agility tests (the cones and shuttles and what have you) on his pro day. Also, as I've said before, on passing downs all he was really asked to do was crash through a gap. It worked often, but that's likely going to remain as something in college without improvement.
4) It seems like Allen has a colorful personality. Any fun stories to tell?
Outside of the time he once broke out this glorious outfit because I asked on the blog? I have had limited experience with Allen. But he's definitely charismatic. There's a definitely a difference between "funny" and "athlete funny." And Beau leans more toward funny than athlete funny.
5) Anything else you want to let us know about Allen?
Allen was a good college player. It's not out of the question that he's already found his way to his athletic ceiling. But as it is, he can start for you. If there's another level to his game? You've found yourself an absolute steal.
Thanks again to Andrew and make sure you check out B5Q.
Despite the arrival of two expansion teams and bold proclamations about its successful 2014, MLS is making lowball offers to college underclassmen, including Jordan Morris, and may lose out on top talent.
BY Brooke Tunstall Posted
January 02, 2015
10:59 AM SHARE THIS STORY
in the upper echelons of American soccer about getting the best amateur players in the United States into pro soccer, this winter there seems little inclination from Major League Soccer to put its money where its mouth is and actually sign the top amateur talent.
As a result, the league is having tremendous difficulty signing many of the top players in college soccer, including Stanford sophomore Jordan Morris, who last month became the first college player in two decades to be capped by the U.S. national team.
Several sources in college soccer and MLS told American Soccer Now that Morris, a product of the Seattle Sounders academy, has turned down a deal to sign with the Sounders as a homegrown player and is returning to school.
“They had talks but it wasn't enough to get him to leave, and he's coming back,” said one industry source. “Well, it's not definite he's coming back—he may still go to Europe. It's no secret Jurgen (Klinsmann, the U.S. national team head coach) really likes him and he can easily make some calls to Germany or wherever to get Jordan some trials. So that might happen. But he's definitely not signing with Seattle.
"The offer just wasn't there.”
A request for comment from the Sounders went unreturned.
Besides Morris, top candidates for the league's Generation Adidas program, the mechanism the league uses to get underclassmen into the draft, remain unsigned and many appear likely to remain that way. Meanwhile some of the top seniors in college soccer have either signed with teams in Europe or are looking to do so.
All of these leaves the league's annual draft without many of the top players in college soccer—in a year in which two expansion teams are joining the ranks. Orlando City and New York City FC hold the top two picks in next month's so-called SuperDraft, and several industry sources tell American Soccer Now that the clubs are frustrated with MLS' ability to sign their top choices.
“These teams, they feel like they paid $75 million, $100 million in expansion fees to MLS to get into the league and now the league is keeping them from starting off with the top players for the draft because of (a difference) of $40,000 or $50,000,” said an agent advising some of the top underclassmen. “I've spoken to the people at New York City and they're very frustrated. They want to be able to draft one of the top players and so far they can't get who they want. It's like the league isn't listening to the teams about who should be in the draft or what they think they players are worth.”
Repeated interview requests to New York City FC for a comment were not returned.
Several league sources said MLS had hoped to make an initial announcement of Generation Adidas signings today but that may be postponed because so far the only player it has reached a deal with is Central Florida forward Romario Williams, a junior from Jamaica who scored a modest 18 goals in three seasons. (Williams signing a Generation Adidas deal was first reported by Goal.com.)
Orlando, which holds the top pick in the draft, made no secret that it coveted Georgetown sophomore defender Joshua Yaro, a speedster from Ghana. ASN reported last week he has turned down MLS' offers and would return to the Hoyas for his junior season. New York City FC picks second and has its eye on Connecticut sophomore forward Cyle Larin , a member of the Canadian senior national team.
Larin is still in talks with MLS but the teams remain stalled and his camp tells ASN he has offers from European clubs. “He may still end up signing but he has a dollar figure in mind and the league isn't willing to meet it, at least not yet,” said a source familiar with the negotiations. “Cyle has options in Europe. There is a Premier League team that's interested.”
After Morris, the consensus top American pro prospect in college soccer is Washington sophomore midfielder Cristian Roldan and so far he too has resisted signing with MLS. The top forward available is UCLA freshman Abu Danladi, another Ghanaian speedster who went to prep school in the U.S. “I'd really like to start my career in MLS,” Roldan told American Soccer Now. “But it has to be a fair offer that makes it worth it to leave Washington. We're still talking but we're not there yet and if we don't get there I have no problems going back to school because I'm in a good situation.”
Danladi battled injuries for most of the early part of the season but came on strong down the stretch and was a big reason the Bruins advanced to the NCAA final, scoring a goal and registering five assists in the NCAA Tournament.
“He's coming back,” said a UCLA source. MLS “made an offer but it wasn't enough to get him to leave. He trained with Chelsea this summer and he has options over there but after fighting injuries he just wants to get match-fit so we expect he'll be back next year.”
Unable to sign Danladi, MLS approached his teammate, Larry Ndjock, a junior from Germany who struggled much of the season but scored a pair of impressive goals in the NCAA semifinal against Providence.
“I have actually talked it out with a couple family members and some of the people I trust and decided that I want to stay in school. I think that it would be good for me to finish my degree and have one more year to get sharper and more match fit before I start my pro career,” Ndjock told ASN in an e-mail. “Whether I will go to MLS after or go to Europe, I don't know yet. But I'm glad about my decision.”
Another top underclassmen MLS targeted is North Carolina sophomore Omar Holness, an uber-athletic midfielder from Jamaica.
“We've talked about him leaving many times and he has insisted he's coming back,” said UNC head coach Carlos Somoano. “He's away on break so I don't talk to him every day now but I know two things. He hasn't told me he's signing and he's not the type of kid who would sign without telling me first. I haven't heard anything from MLS about signing him but that doesn't always mean anything because they don't always go through the college coaches like they used to. They just contact the players and we're in the dark. But as far as I know Omar is coming back.”
Last week ASN reported that Saint Louis University senior Robbie Kristo, a three-time All-American forward, had agreed to terms with a club in Italy's Serie B. He may be joined in Europe next year by fellow senior Leo Stolz, a two-time All-American from UCLA considered one of the top midfielders in college soccer. Stolz was offered a Generation Adidas deal last year as a junior but turned it down to finish school and this year MLS has offered a much lower deal, prompting Stolz to return home and look at clubs in his native Germany.
“They offered him about $130-$140,000 last year and this year the offer about half of that,” said one industry source, whose comments were confirmed by someone close to Stolz.
This all appears to be part of a concerted effort from Major League Soccer to reduce what it pays rookies, particularly underclassmen.
“The league has had a lot of players they've signed to (Generation Adidas) deals where they look back on and them and think they've overpaid, like Danny Mwanga and Andrew Wenger, who they don't think have performed up their salaries and they're trying to avoid doing that again,” said one prominent agent involved in talks with several underclassmen. “But they're going so low with these offers that the kids are either opting to stay in school, like Yaro, or they're looking at other options.”
Wenger, the top player in the 2012 draft, has averaged over $200,000 in total compensation his first three years in MLS but scored just 12 career goals. (His career did appear to surge last spring when he was traded to Philadelphia and scored six goals in 28 games.)
Mwanga was the top pick in the 2010 draft; his initial deal averaged about $250,000 for three years. He has scored 15 career MLS goals and last year played in the second division NASL.
“The league is emphasizing the mistakes and letting that guide their offers this year,” said one agent. “But what about all the players they've signed to G.A. deals who've done on to do great things for their teams and the U.S., like Omar Gonzalez or Brad Guzan? Are they going to risk losing these guys or having them stay in college and stall their development over what is really not a lot of money for them?”
MLS vice president for player relations and competition Lino DiCuollo, the league's point-person for Generation Adidas and college signings, did not respond to a request for comment.
While Roldan wouldn't comment on the dollar amount he's been offered or is seeking, several people familiar with the negotiations said MLS' initial offer was about $80,000 and that they've edged closer to about $100,000. That's a far cry from what Vancouver's Christian Dean, the top field player picked a year ago, was offered. His total compensation was $160,000.
“These figures are public,” said one agent. “Everyone knows what the guys the previous years got and those are the benchmarks. It's not like the league is making less money. With the new expansion deals and marketing deals and the TV deal that the league likes to brag about, we know the revenue is there. So why should these players take less?”
Complicating all this is that MLS is negotiating a new Collective Bargaining Agreement with its players union and the salary cap is expected to go up.
“The cap, based on what we we're hearing, is supposed to go up about 25 percent next year," the same agent said. "So shouldn't the salaries reflect that?”
Besides Kristo, MLS has already lost out on U.S. U-20 national team goalkeeper Zack Steffen, who was a sophomore at Maryland last fall and signed with Freiburg in Germany despite being eligible to sign a homegrown deal with the Philadelphia Union. (In fairness, that had as much to do with the Union's glut of goalkeepers as salary.) But Steffen's Maryland teammate, Mikey Ambrose, a former U-20 national team player considered one of the top left backs in college soccer, is a product of FC Dallas' academy and could have signed a homegrown deal with them.
Instead, he's giving up his senior season of college soccer to sign with the Austin Aztex of the third-division USL Pro.
Part of the thinking with MLS' lowering the offers on Generation Adidas deals is that they want to emphasize signing academy players to homegrown deals. But as the Morris, Steffen, and Abrose situations indicate, that won't always be easy.
One player who could sign a homegrown deal is Jay Chapman, an All-American midfielder at Michigan State this season as a junior. He had been dropped by Toronto FC's academy during his senior season of high school but the league recently honored the club's homegrown claim on Chapman.
“We were a little surprised because they hadn't had anything to do with him since he was dropped from the academy,” said Niki Budalic, Chapman's agent. “But they've got his homegrown rights and we're negotiating and Jay is excited about starting his career in his hometown if we can reach a deal.”
With many of the top Generation Adidas targets balking and several of the top seniors unsigned, MLS may consider a second tier of Generation Adidas candidates. Despite having an outstanding season that saw him finish as the consensus the best goalkeeper in college soccer, Syracuse junior Alex Bono wasn't initially on the league's Generation Adidas list.
“If they can't sign Larin and Roldan and those guys, they'll go after another group and Alex should be on that list,” said one source. “Whether they offer enough to get him to leave remains to be seen.
"But they've got to sign some players.”
Brooke Tunstall is an American Soccer Now contributing editor and ASN 100 panelist. You can follow him on Twitter
Queensland's former LNP government used 'pain ranking' to help decide environment budget cuts
Updated
Massive cuts to Queensland's public service and government programs under the LNP administration of Campbell Newman were given a "pain" ranking, confidential documents reveal.
Key points: Cabinet Budget Review Committee notes reveal "pain threshold ranking" for proposed savings initiatives
One cut saw 20 full-time jobs scrapped, measured highest on "pain threshold ranking"
Savings amounted to $40 million or 20 per cent of Environment Department budget
The ABC has obtained a raft of cabinet briefing notes and internal government savings proposals outlining moves to slash tens of millions of dollars from the environment budget during the LNP's administration.
One document, prepared for the LNP's Cabinet Budget Review Committee (CBRC) or "razor gang" in 2012, outlines savings initiatives to slice 220 jobs and 20 per cent of the budget from the Department of Environment and Heritage Protection.
Next to each of the 19 proposed savings initiatives is a "pain threshold ranking" ranging from 1 to 4, with 1 described as "easiest".
One cut, the scrapping of the ecoBiz program with the loss of more than 20 full-time jobs, was rated a 4 on the pain threshold ranking.
Now run by the Chamber of Commerce and Industry Queensland, ecoBiz was set up by the state government to help businesses to become more sustainable and save thousands on their utility bills.
Cutting funding for the Sustainable Energy Innovation Fund, reducing coastal planning and scaling back environmental regulation were rated a 3 on the pain scale.
"What this document shows is that the only thing the previous government was concerned about was the impact the cuts would have on them, not the impact the cuts would have on workers or the community," said Together Union state secretary Alex Scott.
Mr Scott said 14,000 Queensland public servants were sacked during the LNP administration.
Labor calls on former treasurer to explain ranking
Queensland Environment Minister Steven Miles has told the ABC he has never heard of a pain threshold being used to assess cuts.
"They were assessing all of these budget cuts according to some sort of bizarre pain rating," he said.
"Now it's up to [now Opposition Leader] Tim Nicholls, who oversaw this process, to explain to us exactly what he meant by this pain threshold rating.
"Did it mean the pain for the people who lost their jobs? I suspect it was their assessment of the political pain these decisions would have."
The ABC submitted questions to Mr Nicholls, who was the treasurer and a senior member of the CBRC at the time of the cuts.
"The document you are referring to was from the department and not part of the CBRC process," Mr Nicholls' office told the ABC in a single-line response.
But the document is headed "Cabinet Budget Review Committee (CBRC) EHP Summary of Savings Proposals" and is contained in a folder of proposals addressed to the under-treasurer.
The proposals amounted to a saving of $40 million, or 20 per cent of the Environment Department's budget.
On winning government, the LNP argued that deep cuts were needed to deal with the debt it had inherited from the previous Labor government.
A report in 2012 by former federal treasurer Peter Costello put state debt at $62 billion.
Topics: federal---state-issues, government-and-politics, liberal-national-party, budget, environmental-policy, qld
First posted
BITCOIN
Getting to 1 Billion Users
We have around 5 million people who own some bitcoin in the world today
Stage 1: People holding bitcoin. Most people who buy bitcoins aren't using them to pay for something.
Most people buying bitcoins are buying it to hold it, to save it. Some people would say to speculate, other people say to hoard, others would say to safe keep their savings.
We may get to adding a million people per day within the next 12 months. That just happens from doing exactly what we've been doing for the last 3 years. It will be repeated for the next 3-5 years and we get there.
Some people are looking for some big catalyst for bitcoin to get to the masses, but I think we don't realize that if we can just keep the same phenomenon that we have been seeing for the last 3 or 4 years going on for another 3 or 4 years, we get there.
And that phenomenon is super simple, it's not what we read in the press and in the blogs and what people are talking about with fancy complicated uses of bitcoin, it's people buying a little bit, holding it, and telling their friends, and each person that buys one infects more than one person. That's how we got here, and that's how we can get to a billion people.
Hopefully we can have some surprises to the upside, but if we can just keep that thing going, that will get us there. Hopefully we can get there in 3-5 years if we keep doing what we've been doing for the last 3-5 years
Once we have a few hundred million or a billion people, stage 2 will be another 3-5 years of bitcoin becoming a payment mechanism.
And then finally, if it's a widely adopted payment mechanism, it should become a unit of account
There is a high probability that over the next 2 decades we see a fantastic experiment for the history of civilization. After 5,000 years of a gold standard serving us really well, we finally get rid of the gold standard and it gets replaced by the bitcoin standard. If that happens it will be the biggest transfer of wealth in the history of civilization. – Wences Casares, Xapo
Price Breakout
Like in September last year we see distinct ~$1M purchases. Breakout starts next month? – Oleg Andreev
Price breakouts not necessarily come from the masses, can also be initiated by small amount of high net worth investors / institutions – Tuur Demeester
BTC/USD breakouts will never be from the masses, just as they never were. Just as nothing good ever is – Bitcoin Pete
ALTCOINS
Darkcoin
Darkcoin is a Bitcoin clone which was released with basically no changes at all to the system, but with CoinJoin (https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=279249.0) privacy as a sales pitch.
It's certantly not the first time that I've posted about something technical where some altcoin then popped up with it as a sales feature on its whitepaper without even bothering to implement it.
The funny thing is that CoinJoin's primary advantage is the network support for it is already part of Bitcoin since day one. Maybe it's not /completely/ pointless to launch a new cryptocurrency around CoinJoin simply because a commitment from a lot of users to use it might increase the anonymity set… but as far as I can it's nearly completely pointless (esp since in Bitcoin some ordinary transactions look like CJs).
If you're going to do something incompatible at the protocol much better can be done— as shown in practice by Bytecoin, or in theory in ZeroCash and ZeroCoin. … even there isn't a requirement to start up a whole new currency for it, but at least not pointless. CoinJoin isn't to be all end all transaction privacy, but at least you don't have to switch currencies or convince people to deploy improvements to Bitcoin in order to make use of it. 🙂 – Greg Maxwell
COMPANIES
SpaceX
Billionaire Elon Musk, has announced his SpaceX firm is making ‘progress' towards establishing a colony on the red planet by 2020, and expects to sell tickets for $500,000 (£296,900) a trip
Elon Musk has previously said he created SpaceX for the sole reason of developing rocket technology to get people to Mars
‘At Mars, you can start a self-sustaining civilisation and grow it into something really big,' Musk said
Musk ultimately plans to use a reusable rocket fuelled by liquid oxygen and methane to reach the red planet – and he aims to get there three years before the Mars One colony arrive – Victoria Woollaston
Vinumeris
Mike Hearn has created a company, Vinumeris, through which he will make and release next-generation extensions to Bitcoin if he can successfully raise the funds to pay for his time. His first project? Lighthouse itself, which will not be fully released unless it is crowdfunded.
The app essentially does the same thing as Kickstarter. You announce a project and a funding goal and solicit pledges from supporters that will only be collected if you meet your goal. The difference is that because Lighthouse is decentralized, there is no intermediary Kickstarter-like company managing the crowdfund.
There are two important consequences of doing it this way. No company means no fees, like the 5 percent cut of any money raised that Kickstarter takes.
And perhaps more important, no intermediary means no one to tell you what you can and can't raise money to do. Last year, Indigogo cancelled Cody Wilson's crowdfunding campaign to finance the design of a 3D printed gun – Jerry Brito
PRIVACY
Zerocash
Website for the Zerocash protocol is live http://zerocash-project.org/
Revealing the Names of Citizens Targeted by the US Government
One of the big questions when it comes to domestic spying is:
* Who have been the NSA's specific targets?
* Are they political critics and dissidents and activists?
* Are they genuinely people we'd regard as terrorists?
* What are the metrics and calculations that go into choosing those targets and what is done with the surveillance that is conducted?
Those are the kinds of questions that I want to still answer.
As with a fireworks show, you want to save your best for last.
The last one is where the sky is all covered in spectacular multicoloured hues.
– Glenn Greenwald
PLACES
Maison Du Bitcoin (Paris)
On the first floor, you'll find an open space that will welcome cryptocurrency related startups. In the back, there is a Bitcoin ATM, and downstairs, you can take a look at a cryptocurrency mining rig
Here are some starups currently occupying Paris' Maison Du Bitcoin:
Betarigs is a marketplace you can use to rent cryptocurrency “mining rigs” from anywhere in the world. As of the time of this writing, the site already has 6,000 machines connected, equivalent to 5 percent of the world's total mining capacity. The site already has around 1,000 daily transactions.
Brawker is set to simplify the way you acquire and spend Bitcoin on ecommerce websites.
Paymium is an exchange that allows you to convert Bitcoins into euros for a 0.5 percent fee. The startup already boasts more than 50,000 clients and around 100 daily transactions.
Electrum is an easy-to-use Bitcoin wallet that sits on your computer.
– Nicolas Silvay
Crimea
“I blew the dust off the book, ‘Singapore: From Third World to First' by Lee Kuan Yew to have another read when I became minister,” Oleg Savelyev said in an interview in his office in the Economy Ministry in Moscow. We will pursue Singapore's model in Crimea, we'll ensure a comfortable business environment there.
Lee, who ruled Singapore from 1959 to 1990, turned the former impoverished British colony into one of the wealthiest countries in the world. The World Bank ranks Singapore No. 1 on its annual ease of doing business survey. Russia is 92nd, just behind Albania and Barbados.
“Regulatory principles in Crimea will be much better, simpler than in the rest of Russia,” said Savelyev, 48, who was added to the European Union's sanctions list last month. “The region will not have the stifling bureaucratic system that Russia is notorious for. Our task is not to replicate the Russian model, but to create a much better one.”
The peninsula will be designated a special economic zone, unique among the 84 regions of the world's largest country. Businesses there will operate under English commercial law rather than Russian legislation to attract foreign investment. – Evgenia Pismennaya
THE SINGULARITY
Virtual Reality
Oculus is hard at work on its long-awaited headset for consumers, which the company predicts will be released later this year, or more likely early next year, or perhaps even not so early next year. Whenever it comes, we'll finally have something that has eluded us for more than 30 years: immersive, affordable virtual reality.
Chris Dixon was among the six Andreessen Horowitz partners who got a look at the new model. “I think I've seen five or six computer demos in my life that made me think the world was about to change,” he says. “Apple II, Netscape, Google, iPhone … then Oculus. It was that kind of amazing.” By December, Oculus had closed Series B funding—with Andreessen Horowitz leading—for $75 million.
The hardware problems have been solved, the production lines are almost open, and the Rift will be here soon. After that it's anybody's guess. “I've written 2 million lines of code over the past 20 years, and now I'm starting from a blank page,” John Carmack says. “But the sense that I'm helping build the future right now is palpable.” – Peter Rubin
1Jwh6nZiASJf4d3hNytjxqiimWBmEJvJ4S
Advertisements
ACOMA, N.M.-- Uranium from the Grants Mineral Belt running under rugged peaks and Indian pueblos of New Mexico was a source of electric power and military might in decades past, providing fuel for reactors and atomic bombs.
Now, interest in carbon-free nuclear power is fueling a potential resurgence of uranium mining. But Indian people gathered in Acoma, N.M., for the Indigenous Uranium Forum over the weekend decried future uranium extraction, especially from nearby Mount Taylor, considered sacred by many tribes. Native people from Alaska, Canada, the Western United States and South America discussed the severe health problems uranium mining has caused their communities, including high rates of cancer and kidney disease.
Uranium companies and government authorities do not dispute this, and federal environmental remediation and workers' compensation programs related to past uranium mining are ongoing. But mining companies say today's methods and regulations have improved so much that locals have nothing to fear.
Uranium mining and milling in New Mexico began in the late 1940s but nearly ceased in the late 1980s as prices dropped. In 2007, prices climbed to a record $139 per pound, and companies applied for or renewed permits and staked new claims. The economic crisis has had a chilling effect, with prices now at about $43 per pound. But industry officials say they expect high prices soon, especially with the likely passage of a climate bill putting a price on carbon emissions.
The Grants Mineral Belt, extending 100 miles west from Albuquerque, holds 300 million pounds of extractable uranium. Companies are hoping to mine the country's largest single deposit, about 100 million pounds, around Mount Taylor. This year the National Trust for Historic Preservation named it one of the nation's 11 most endangered places, and the state granted protected status to a swath of the mountain. The company Rio Grande Resources wants to reopen a former Mount Taylor mine that yielded 8 million pounds of uranium for previous owner Chevron from 1986 to 1989.
About 50 miles from Mount Taylor, the company Hydro Resources Inc. (HRI) also plans to begin mining 101 million pounds starting around the Navajo towns of Church Rock and Crownpoint, N.M. HRI plans to do most of its extraction through in-situ leaching (ISL), where chemicals are injected into an aquifer to mobilize uranium deposits, then the metal is sucked out while the water is purified and returned to the aquifer. Rick Van Horn, senior vice president of operations for HRI's parent company, Uranium Resources, said the process is environmentally safe. Opponents fear it could contaminate their water supply.
"This has multi-generational effects. I won't even live long enough to see what it does to people in 500 years," said Earl Tulley, who lives near Church Rock and is vice president of the Navajo environmental group Diné Citizens Against Ruining Our Environment. His wife had breast cancer and his daughter had an ovarian tumor removed, both of which were attributed to uranium exposure. "People are being taken apart from the inside out."
The Grand Canyon watershed also holds vast uranium deposits, with more than 8,000 mining claims filed over a 1 million-acre area. Interior Secretary Ken L. Salazar over the summer instituted a two-year moratorium on awarding new claims or beginning production on claims not already established as viable. While it is not tribal land, this region is considered sacred to many Indians. Navajo Nation President Joe Shirley Jr. and other tribal leaders testified in support of a House bill introduced this year by Rep. Raul Grijalva (D-Ariz.) that would ban Grand Canyon watershed uranium mining.
Shirley is a staunch proponent of existing and proposed coal mining and coal-fired power in the Navajo Nation. For several years his administration has been fighting Navajo and outside environmentalists over the proposed Desert Rock coal-burning power plant, which would bring increased coal mining on the reservation. Shirley, who could not be reached for comment, has said the coal plant would be an economic boon for the reservation. Uranium proponents, including some Navajo, likewise say the industry would create badly needed investment and jobs on a reservation where unemployment regularly tops 50 percent.
Van Horn said HRI would create about 120 jobs for locals and would result in nearly $1 million a year in royalties to the Navajo Nation. Mount Taylor mine manager Joe Lister said their planned operations would create about 600 temporary construction jobs and 400 permanent jobs.
"Everyone is paying attention to the Native Americans and the environment, but where is Joe Public, that working man who comes in his car with his family from Arizona or Texas and asks, 'Are there any jobs here?' " he said. "No, there are no jobs now. But we hope there will be."
Chris Shuey, a specialist on uranium mining at the Southwest Research and Information Center, says many uranium companies do not intend to mine unless prices soar.
"I don't think they're being honest about the chances of new mining. They're . . . setting up false expectations," he said. "It doesn't take a lot of money to put up a fancy Web site. It's a whole other thing to actually reopen a mine, hire staff and produce that first ton of ore. If you're going to propose mining uranium, you should either put up or shut up. And these guys aren't doing it."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Indonesia's new president Joko Widodo (R) has inherited a slowing economy
Indonesia's economy expanded at its weakest annual pace since the global financial crisis after being affected by falling oil and commodity prices.
Gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 5% in 2014, compared to a revised 5.58% the previous year.
South-east Asia's largest economy is a major exporter of commodities such as palm oil, rubber, coal and tin but saw revenues fall owing to falling prices.
It has also seen foreign investment cool because of political uncertainty.
We think a rebound is unlikely in the short-term, with weak commodity prices and high interest rates set to weigh on economic activity Gareth Leather, Capital Economics
Gareth Leather, an Asia economist at Capital Economics, called the growth figures were "disappointing".
"The country's new president, Joko Widodo, despite a promising first few months in office, faces a tough challenge to reinvigorate the economy," he wrote in a report.
"While we don't think growth will slow any further from here, we think a rebound is unlikely in the short-term, with weak commodity prices and high interest rates set to weigh on economic activity."
Mr Widodo took office in October, pledging to cut bureaucracy, improve infrastructure and address the country's fiscal problems to attract more investment.
The country has struggled to contain high inflation, which eased to 6.96% in January from 8.36% in December.
It also has a sizeable current-account deficit - which occurs when a country imports more than it exports - that stood at 3.1% of gross domestic product in the third quarter.
Indonesia's stock market fell by 0.8% following the GDP release.
ROCKFORD, MI -- The Environmental Protection Agency is making a small but significant entrance into the toxic fluorochemical pollution investigation in Kent County, Mich.
The EPA will begin sampling groundwater and drinking water wells polluted with per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS or PFCs) from Wolverine World Wide tannery waste starting next week.
The agency confirmed its involvement on Friday, Dec. 22.
Aside from some consultation visits by advisors, sample collection would be the first federal boots on the ground in the investigation.
An EPA spokesperson characterized the agency's role as "supporting" the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality's response to the multi-plume, multi-township PFAS investigation sparked by discovery of contaminated wells in Belmont in April.
"While MDEQ is taking the lead on drinking water issues, EPA is assisting the state in collecting water samples to verify data provided by Wolverine," the agency said.
"EPA personnel have coordinated with MDEQ and will sample groundwater and well water at impacted residences during the week of December 25. EPA will notify residents of their individual sampling results as soon as they are available."
People with knowledge of the investigation say the EPA has been a regular presence on conference calls this month as pressure mounts on the state to devote more resources and seek federal assistance for the bulging Wolverine response and the 28 sites so far with PFAS contamination in 14 communities around Michigan.
This week, the governor signed a supplemental appropriations bill for $23.2 million to aid the PFAS response statewide.
The DEQ says the EPA has been advising the Wolverine investigation for a while, but the federal presence has loomed larger since the Kent County Health Department asked Gov. Rick Snyder to get the EPA more involved, suggesting it might if the state wouldn't.
Michigan's Congressional delegation also asked the EPA to take a larger hand in the PFAS response and the county's letter caught the attention of some state lawmakers in Lansing, who questioned the state's apparent reluctance to seek more EPA involvement.
It's unknown whether the EPA plans to remain involved in the investigation beyond the scope it has disclosed.
The DEQ referred questions to the EPA on Friday.
Legislator wants Wolverine CEO's testimony in Lansing Rep. Winnie Brinks pushing for House oversight hearing.
Wolverine said the EPA expects to sample a handful of monitoring wells at the House Street landfill and former tannery site in Rockford, and about 15 residential wells.
"These confirmation samples are collected by EPA and sent to an independent laboratory to confirm that the results are the same as those received from laboratories used by Wolverine and the MDEQ," the company announced on its blog.
Test results confirm both the House Street landfill and the tannery are major sources of PFAS contamination.
Total combined PFOS and PFOA concentrations at the 1855 House Street NE dump are more than 668 times the EPA's health advisory level of 70-ppt -- a non-enforceable threshold for what's considered safe in drinking water, for which the groundwater under hundreds of residences in the dump's vicinity is used.
Total combined PFOS and PFOA concentrations under the tannery grounds in Rockford are 7,000 times the EPA level. Although nearby properties are connected to Rockford municipal water, which has tested clean, the tannery is adjacent to the Rogue River and upstream of the city's former surface water treatment plant river intake.
Rockford stopped drinking from the river in 2000.
The Kent County Health Department, which has argued the Wolverine investigation is stretching its resources, said it "welcomes the additional resources that the EPA brings."
We are confident that the agency's expertise and efforts can only hasten the ultimate goal of solving the issues associated with groundwater contamination as it now exists," said department spokesperson Steve Kelso.
Extremely high PFAS levels found at Wolverine tannery site Groundwater levels range from 12,700 to 490,000-ppt.
Data shows very high PFAS levels at Wolverine dump "There couldn't be a worse place to have this dump."
Homes above EPA safety level double as PFAS zones expand One well tested at 9,800-ppt for PFOS/PFOA.
In one of the many creative promotions the Georgia Tech Athletic Association has come up with, a winner has been chosen in the “Name The Game” contest for the basketball game against the Notre Dame Fighting Irish.
Fans and students were encouraged to come up with a creative name to describe the game, which would printed up on signs to be distributed to fans attending the game. Of the many entries there were slogans such as “Our Gold is Better”, “The Luck Runs Out at McCamish”, “Wreck the Irish” and “No Clovers Allowed”.
Here we see the winning sign, courtesy of the GTAA:
Pretty snazzy, huh?
No fellows…I mean the sign.
The Yellow Jackets will be facing the Irish for the first time as a member of the ACC this Saturday, Jan. 11, with a noon tipoff at McCamish Pavilion. Limited tickets are still available, so go see the Jackets take on the Irish and grab one of these winning signs!
For more on all the happenings in Georgia Tech Athletics, be sure to follow YellowJackedUp on Facebook, Twitter, and use our Android/iOS app to get updates directly from Fansided.
1 of 6
The tone of the fight was set early as Jones relied almost entirely on kicks, while Gustafsson preferred to throw hands. It was Jones early, with a spinning back kick he would go back to over and over again throughout the fight and a variety of attacks on Gustafsson's lead leg, including kicks directed at his knee cap.
"They're a little controversial," announcer Joe Rogan said. "Because they hyperextend the knee if they land correctly."
At 3:33, Gustafsson countered a leg kick with a right hand up the middle. The UFC promoted this fight based on the challenger's reach, and here was an example of it coming into play. He followed it up with a lead left hook, another technique that would define the night.
Just about halfway through the first round, the whole bout was thrown into chaos. Both men threw right hands. Gustafsson's landed.
"Glanced," Rogan said. "It didn't land clean."
In this case, however, glancing was even better than a solid connection. Jones was cut above his right eye, an injury that would bother him throughout the fight.
Gustafsson was buoyed by the sight of blood, perhaps, and landed a strong combination. Jones returned to the leg kick, occasionally mixing in a spinning back kick that landed way more often than you'd expect from such a slowly developing strike.
With a minute left, Gustafsson, who had defended a couple of takedown attempts by Jones, took the champion to the mat.
"First time in the UFC," announcer Mike Goldberg said. It wouldn't last long. In 15 seconds, Jones was back to his feet, bringing things to a crashing halt with an eye poke.
"Both of you are sticking your fingers out," referee "Big" John McCarthy admonished.
When the action commenced, Jones was on a rampage. He landed a spinning elbow and followed up a missed takedown with a strong elbow to the face to close the round.
Jones' Best Moment
The elbow to close the round.
Gustafsson's Best Moment
A hard counter that made Jones pay for a low leg kick.
Stats
Total Strikes: Jones 28, Gustafsson 19
Takedowns: Jones 0-3, Gustafsson 1-1
FightMetric Performance Rating: Gustafsson 51, Jones 45
Score
10-9 Jones
I scored this for Gustafsson when watching live. Seeing it again, with the benefit of time and the DVR, I think Jones squeaked it out.
Jones scored the harder shots and did so more frequently. The flurry at the end of the round sealed the deal.
NHTSA
Despite a fatal crash involving a Tesla Model S being driven by its Autopilot feature, the US National Highway Transportation Safety Administration's (NHTSA) head Mark Rosekind insisted that the government would still work to promote self-driving cars by providing a framework in which develop can continue.
"No one incident will stop the NHTSA from promoting highly automated driving development," said Rosekind during his keynote address at the Automated Vehicles Symposium here in San Francisco. Although he did not name Tesla specifically, his mention of "a recent incident" was a clear reference to the Tesla Model S crash last month.
All major automakers and automotive equipment suppliers are developing self-driving technologies, with some promising deployment by 2020. Currently, features such as Tesla's Autopilot let a car maintain its place in a lane and distance from traffic ahead. Autopilot can also change lanes. Other highly automated features being deployed include automatic braking to prevent collisions and self-parking.
Rosekind insisted that the US Department of Transportation is taking a "forward leaning" position on highly automated driving. He justified that by citing the 32,500 traffic fatalities that occurred on US roads in 2015, and how 94 percent of those were due to driver error. He said that highly automated driving could eliminate 19 out of 20 collisions, potentially saving 30,000 or more lives per year.
The NHTSA will be releasing a document later this year giving automakers and state regulators guidance on highly automated driving development, with the intention of fostering the technology.
Rosekind suggested that the NHTSA was willing to accept imperfect technology during development of highly automated driving because of its vast life-saving potential. He also said, however, that the NHTSA would not accept technology that was merely as safe as human drivers.
Alex Roy was just recognized as the record holder for driving from NY to Santa Monica pier in 31 hours and 4 minutes, besting the time set by David Diem and Doug Turner, who were clocked in a Ferrari 308 during the 1983 US Express run of 32 hours and seven minutes. That's a sustained 89MPH for over 31 hours. What's made me especially proud is that Alex wrote about automotive laser jammers and radio scanners for Gizmodo under a previous regime. The seven-time world rally champ avoided cops and found his way with a dash full of gadgets, including multiple scanners, jammers, detectors and other mods on his BMW M5. Equipment is documented in the video above, but one thing not emphasized is that the guy had a plane spotting police activity en route.
Advertisement
The actual time was verified by gas station timestamps on credit card receipts and by Jalopnik editors, who witnessed the start and finishes, but Guinness won't have anything to do with verifying illegal acts. The actual race happened a little over a year ago, but Alex couldn't tell anyone of his exploits until the statute of limitations was up in all states he drove through. Congrats to Alex for his spectacular performance. For all the details, there's more at Jalopnik [Departure, Finish, the Record and Gear]
P.S. Ray Wert, editor at Jalopnik, ends the coverage on a sober note, wondering how many more times this record can be beaten before people start dying.
Advertisement
​Every December, the staff of Science singles out a significant development or achievement as the Breakthrough of the Year. This year, visitors to Science's website could pick their own favorite from the short list of candidates. Below are descriptions of Science's Breakthrough—the powerful genome-editing technique known as CRISPR—along with nine Runners-up and the results of the “People's Choice” poll. Rounding out the package are a few “Areas to Watch” likely to make news in the 2016; aretrospective Scorecard of last year's prognostications; and a look back at Breakdowns that set back or tarnished the scientific enterprise in 2015.—By Robert Coontz, deputy news editor
Breakthrough of the Year: CRISPR makes the cut
CRISPR genome-editing technology shows its power (PDF version)
By John Travis
It was conceived after a yogurt company in 2007 identified an unexpected defense mechanism that its bacteria use to fight off viruses. A birth announcement came in 2012, followed by crucial first steps in 2013 and a massive growth spurt last year. Now, it has matured into a molecular marvel, and much of the world—not just biologists—is taking notice of the genome-editing method CRISPR, Science's 2015 Breakthrough of the Year.
CRISPR has appeared in Breakthrough sections twice before, in 2012 and 2013, each time as a runner-up in combination with other genome-editing techniques. But this is the year it broke away from the pack, revealing its true power in a series of spectacular achievements. Two striking examples—the creation of a long-sought “gene drive” that could eliminate pests or the diseases they carry, and the first deliberate editing of the DNA of human embryos—debuted to headlines and concern. Each announcement roiled the science policy world. The embryo work (done in China with nonviable embryos from a fertility clinic) even prompted an international summit this month to discuss human gene editing. The summit confronted a fraught—and newly plausible—prospect: altering human sperm, eggs, or early embryos to correct disease genes or offer “enhancements.” As a genetic counselor quipped during the discussion: “When we couldn't do it, it was easy to say we shouldn't.”
What sets CRISPR apart? Its competitors—designer proteins called zinc finger nucleases and TALENs—also precisely alter chosen DNA sequences, and several companies are already exploiting them for therapeutic purposes in clinical trials. But CRISPR has proven so easy and inexpensive that Dana Carroll of the University of Utah, Salt Lake City, who spearheaded the development of zinc finger nucleases, says it has brought about the “democratization of gene targeting.” Quoted in a recent issue of The New Yorker, bioethicist Hank Greely of Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, compares CRISPR to the Model T Ford: far from the first automobile, but the one whose simplicity of production, dependability, and affordability transformed society. “Any molecular biology lab that wants to do CRISPR can,” says Harvard University's George Church, whose lab was one of the first to show that it efficiently edits human and other eukaryotic cells.
Already, the nonprofit group Addgene has distributed about 50,000 plasmids—circlets of DNA—containing genetic code for the two basic components of CRISPR, the “guide RNA” used to target a specific DNA sequence and the DNA-cutting enzyme, or nuclease, usually one called Cas9. “It's going to be like PCR, a tool in the toolbox,” says Jennifer Doudna of the University of California, Berkeley, whose group, in collaboration with one led by Emmanuelle Charpentier, now at the Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology in Berlin, published the first report that CRISPR could cut specific DNA targets.
Their work grew out of a surprising observation that bacteria could remember viruses. Looking for a mechanism, researchers found remnants of genes from past infections, sandwiched between odd, repeated bacterial DNA sequences—the “clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats” that give CRISPR its name. The viral scraps serve as an infection memory bank: From them, bacteria create guide RNAs that can seek out the DNA of returning viruses before chopping up the viral genes with a nuclease. Once this mechanism was understood, Doudna and Charpentier, among others, raced to adapt it to editing DNA in higher organisms.
A torrent of applications followed. One of them—the CRISPR-powered gene drive—is a case study in the power, and potential risks, of genome-editing technology. In 2003, Austin Burt, an evolutionary biologist at Imperial College London, envisioned attaching a gene for a desired trait to “selfish” DNA elements that could copy themselves from one chromosome spot to another. That would bias the offspring of a parent carrying the trait to inherit it, quickly spreading it throughout a population. Earlier this year, a U.S. team adapted CRISPR to just that purpose, succeeding well beyond the original vision.
In a method ominously dubbed “mutagenic chain reaction,” the researchers drove a pigmentation trait in lab-grown fruit flies to the next generation with 97% efficiency. They then teamed up with another research group to create a gene drive that, unleashed in a lab population of mosquitoes, spread genes that prevent the insects from harboring malaria parasites. Weeks later, working with another malaria-carrying mosquito, Burt and colleagues reported the same thing with genes that rendered the females infertile and could quickly wipe out a population. Debates are now erupting over the benefits and ecological risks of releasing such insects into the wild—and whether gene drives could also thwart invasive species such as Asian carp and cane toads, or combat other animal-borne pathogens such as the one causing Lyme disease.
In other labs, researchers harnessed the technique to create a growing menagerie of genetically engineered animals and plants: extramuscular beagles, pigs resistant to several viruses, and wheat that can fend off a widespread fungus. Longer-lasting tomatoes, allergen-free peanuts, and biofuel-friendly poplars are all on the drawing board. Depending on how it's wielded, CRISPR can do its work without leaving any foreign DNA behind, unlike earlier techniques for genetically modifying organisms, which poses a challenge for regulations based on the presence of foreign DNA.
There is much, much more. By making “dead” versions of Cas9, scientists eliminated CRISPR's DNA-cutting ability but preserved its talent for finding sequences. Tack molecules onto Cas9 and CRISPR suddenly becomes a versatile, precise delivery vehicle. Several groups, for example, have outfitted dead Cas9s with various regulatory factors, enabling them to turn almost any gene on or off or subtly adjust its level of activity. In one experiment this year, a team led by another CRISPR pioneer, Feng Zhang of the Broad Institute in Cambridge, Massachusetts, targeted the 20,000 or so known human genes, turning them on one by one in groups of cells to identify those involved in resistance to a melanoma drug.
The biomedical applications of CRISPR are just starting to emerge. Clinical researchers are already applying it to create tissue-based treatments for cancer and other diseases. CRISPR may also revive the moribund concept of transplanting animal organs into people. Many people feared that retroviruses lurking in animal genomes could harm transplant recipients, but this year a team eliminated, in one fell swoop, 62 copies of a retrovirus's DNA littering the pig genome. And the international summit saw many discussions of CRISPR's promise for repairing genetic defects in human embryos, if society dares to cross what many regard as an ethical threshold and alter the human germline.
In short, it's only slightly hyperbolic to say that if scientists can dream of a genetic manipulation, CRISPR can now make it happen. At one point during the human gene-editing summit, Charpentier described its capabilities as “mind-blowing.” It's the simple truth. For better or worse, we all now live in CRISPR's world.
People's choice
Visitors to Science's website voted on our 10 Breakthrough finalists. Their top picks:
Pluto—35%
CRISPR—20%
Lymphatic system in the central nervous system—15%
Ebola vaccine—10%
(Tie) Psychology replication/quantum entaglement—6%
For the second year in a row, the public weighed in through the Internet, voting for its top discovery while the Breakthrough team was hammering out its choices. High on the list, the results mirrored Science staffers' own deliberations. CRISPR surged to an early lead, as high-profile meetings and magazine articles focused public attention on the genome-editing technique. Pluto, a media darling in July when the New Horizons probe swooped past it en route to points beyond, was a distant second.
But the dwarf planet rallied, as New Horizons scientists blitzed Twitter with get-out-the-vote tweets. When the final returns were in, Pluto finished comfortably ahead of CRISPR in the popular vote.
Further down the list, it was a bad year for old bones. Homo naledi (a new human species!) finished in seventh place, and Kennewick Man, the ancient Native American whose DNA was recently sequenced, was dead last. Better luck next time, O my people.
Correction, 23 December, 4:20 p.m.: This article has been edited to remove the assertion that the researchers who found CRISPR sequences were already looking for a way that bacteria remember viruses.
Minneapolis/St. Paul – The Minnesota Timberwolves today announced the team has acquired forward Damjan Rudez from the Indiana Pacers in exchange for forward/guard Chase Budinger.
Rudez, 29, played one season with the Pacers averaging 4.8 points on 45.2% shooting, including a 40.6% mark from the three-point line. The 6-10 Croatia native played in 68 contests, registering 15.4 minutes per game. The Pacers signed Rudez as a free agent on July 11, 2014. Prior to coming to the NBA, Rudez played parts of eight seasons internationally in Spain, Croatia and Slovenia.
Budinger, 27, spent three seasons in Minnesota after being acquired from the Houston Rockets on June 26, 2012. Budinger appeared in 67 contests a season ago, averaging 6.8 points in 19.2 minutes per game. In 341 career games with Houston and Minnesota, the 6-7 forward/guard owns averages of 6.8 points and 3.0 rebounds per game.
NEW DELHI: Using the washing machine at night may help you save on your electricity bill. The government plans to introduce a time-of-day power tariff structure for residential customers, where peak-hour prices will be costlier than non-peak rates, after getting data on supply and consumption of electricity, coal, petroleum and renewable energy. NITI Aayog , the government think tank tasked with creating a knowledge support system through collaboration with national and international experts, will soon set up an energy data management cell.This unit will uncover India's energy consumption pattern in a more comprehensive and detailed manner in coordination with half-a-dozen ministries and departments. The think tank will monitor the usage of electronic appliances and spot a trend that will eventually form the basis for the introduction of time-of-day tariffs for residential customers.It has tied up with the US Energy Information Administration , an agency that collects, analyses and disseminates independent and impartial energy information to promote sound policymaking, efficient markets and public understanding of energy and its interaction with the economy and the environment.Time-of-day tariff is a structure that offers different rates for use of electricity, depending on the time of the day. Its objective is to reduce power consumption during peak hours.To do this, charges are reduced during off peak hours as an incentive for people to use electricity at those times rather than during peak hours, when it would be more expensive.This means using appliances at certain times will be cheaper than using them at other times. In India, time-of-day tariff is used for the industrial and commercial sectors.With limited resources and rising demand, the government plans to provide detailed consumption pattern to distribution companies to implement it for residential customers as well.“We have set up a sustainability growth working group in association with the Energy Information Administration of the US to improve energy data management in the country, which could eventually be used by stakeholders to determine their usage based on different tariffs,” a senior government official told ET.According to the official, who did not wish to be identified, there will be a dedicated energy data management cell within NITI Aayog, one that may evolve into an independent energy data organisation similar to the EIA. The cell will work in coordination with the ministries of petroleum, coal and renewable agency, besides the ministry of statistics, to source data.
Serious weaknesses in the Internet's time-synchronization mechanism can be exploited to cause debilitating outages, snoop on encrypted communications, or tamper with Bitcoin transactions, computer scientists warned Wednesday.
The vulnerabilities reside in the Network Time Protocol, the widely used specification computers use to ensure their internal clocks are accurate. Surprisingly, connections between computers and NTP servers are rarely encrypted, making it possible for hackers to perform man-in-the-middle attacks that reset clocks to times that are months or even years in the past. In a paper published Wednesday titled Attacking the Network Time Protocol, the researchers described several techniques to bypass measures designed to prevent such drastic time shifts. The paper also described ways to prevent large numbers of computers from successfully connecting to synchronization servers.
The attacks could be used by malicious actors to wreak havoc on the Internet. An attack that prevented sensitive computers and servers from receiving regular time-synchronization updates could cause malfunctions on a mass scale. In many cases, such denial-of-service hacks can be carried out even when attackers are "off-path," meaning the hacker need not have the ability to monitor traffic passing between a computer and NTP server.
Going back in time
Even worse, the attacks can be used to snoop on encrypted traffic or to bypass important security measures such as DNSSEC specification preventing the tampering of domain name system records. The most troubling scenario involves bypassing HTTPS encryption by forcing a computer to accept an expired transport layer security certificate.
The researchers wrote:
An NTP attacker that sends a client back in time could cause the host to accept certificates that the attacker fraudulently issued (that allow the attacker to decrypt the connection), and have since been revoked. (For example, the client can be rolled back to mid-2014, when > 100K certificates were revoked due to heartbleed.) Alternatively, an attacker can send the client back to a time when a certificate for a cryptographically-weak key was still valid. (For example, to 2008, when a bug in Debian OpenSSL caused thousands of certificates to be issued for keys with only 15-17 bits of entropy.) Moreover, most browsers today accept (non-root) certificates for 1024- bit RSA keys, even though sources speculate that they can be cracked by well-funded adversaries; thus, even a domain that revokes its old 1024-bit RSA certificates (or lets them expire) is vulnerable to cryptanalytic attacks when its clients are rolled back to a time when these certificates were valid.
Besides HTTPS and DNSSEC, other security measures that could be defeated include HTTP strict transport security. The researchers also said NTP attacks could be used to trick Bitcoin users into rejecting legitimate entries in the official blockchain for the digital currency, or to tamper with user authentication systems used by websites.
It's not clear how practical some of the attacks would be in real-world settings. A desktop computer with a clock that was set to a date months or years in the past would almost certainly be easy to detect. And it wouldn't be surprising if the incorrect time would trigger errors from the operating system or other applications. Still, it's likely the attacks could be used in limited settings, or in combination with other hacks. It also might be possible to briefly reset the clock to an earlier date to observe an encrypted Web session, and then change it back right afterward.
Another limiting factor to such attacks is a measure built into the NTP specification that's designed to prevent time changes of more than about 16 minutes. Once the time change exceeds the "panic threshold," the client computer is supposed to reject the instruction and record an error. But the researchers said this measure can be defeated in at least two ways. One is to employ a technique known as a "small-step-big-step" attack that makes the change gradually. Another bypass method involves using NTP to reset the time immediately after a targeted computer has rebooted. The reboot time reset function is turned on by default in some operating systems.
Wednesday's paper comes 21 months after miscreants exploited separate NTP weaknesses to visit crippling denial-of-service attacks on game sites. The previously unseen amplification technique allowed a small number of attackers with limited bandwidth to bombard the targets with more than 100 gigabytes per second of junk traffic. Last December, attack code was published that exploited what was then newly discovered vulnerabilities in NTP implementation and in the process put countless servers at risk of remote hijacks.
Got crypto?
One of the key weaknesses making the attacks possible is the difficulty of ensuring computers communicate only with legitimate NTP servers. While it's possible to use symmetric encryption to cryptographically authenticate an NTP service, keys are difficult to acquire. The National Institute for Standards and Technology, for instance, distributes keys only to users who register using US mail or facsimile, and they're required to resend the application each year. The US Naval Office has a similar procedure. There's separate measure known as Autokey that's also designed to cryptographically verify that a client is connected to a valid NTP server, but many servers don't support it.
Wednesday's paper, which was written by researchers from Boston University, revisits several attacks that have been developed and presented over the past few years by independent researcher Jose Selvi. Presentation slides from a talk he gave at the Defcon hacker convention in August show he developed NTP attacks that bypassed HTTPS, HSTS, and website authentication, among other things. Selvi, who was a senior penetration tester at NCC Group when he did the research, released a proof-of-concept tool dubbed DELOREAN that streamlines many of the attacks. He published a blog post Wednesday that has additional details. The Boston University researchers credited Selvi in their paper.
The Boston University researchers have published an information page that helps people diagnose and remedy NTP weakness both on client computers and servers that provide the time-synchronization service. At a minimum, clients and servers alike should run NTP version 4.2.8p4 available here. There are a variety of other configuration settings that can be applied to better lock down the service as well.
Post updated in the second-to-last paragraph to add details about a separate researcher who has devised many of the same attacks.
Dreamliner fleet was grounded by FAA in January after incidents of fire and smoke in the batteries of two planes
Boeing's 787 Dreamliner is set to fly again, after the US authorities gave the go-ahead Friday to a redesign of the plane's troubled lithium-ion battery system.
The Dreamliner fleet was grounded in January, after incidents of fire and smoke in the batteries of two planes. The global grounding came as just 50 of the planes had been delivered and was the longest of a commercial model in the jet age.
The company has been working on a solution with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). FAA administrator Michael Huerta said: "A team of FAA certification specialists observed rigorous tests we required Boeing to perform and devoted weeks to reviewing detailed analysis of the design changes to reach this decision."
"The FAA set a high bar for our team and our solution," said Boeing's chairman and chief executive, Jim McNerney. "We appreciate the diligence, expertise and professionalism of the FAA's technical team and the leadership of FAA administrator Michael Huerta and secretary of transportation Ray LaHood throughout this process. Our shared commitment with global regulators and our customers to safe, efficient and reliable airplanes has helped make air travel the safest form of transportation in the world today."
The FAA will publish regulations on how to alter the batteries in the US Federal Register next week, allowing Boeing and airlines to proceed with the fixes. The company is believed to have come up with a solution that involves greater separation between the batteries' cells and a venting system for any potentially flammable gases.
Top US safety inspector the National Transport Safety Board (NTSB) and Japanese authorities are still investigating the original causes of the two incidents, one in a plane parked at Boston's Logan airport and the other during flight in Japan.
The plane's grounding marked the first time since 1979 that FAA had banned every plane of a particular type from flying. That ban, on the Douglas DC-10, followed a fatal crash and was lifted within a month.
The 787's problems have been compounded by its hi-tech design. The Dreamliner is the largest passenger plane to make such extensive use of lithium-ion batteries, which are lighter and can hold more energy than other types of batteries. The batteries, however, have also proved volatile and caused fires in smaller planes, cars, computers and mobile devices.
Next week the NTSB will hold the second set of hearings this month on lithium-ion batteries and the fire that broke out on the 787 at Logan. The NTSB chairman, Deborah Hersman, has been critical of the "assumptions" regulators used before clearing the ground-breaking use of the battery. The NTSB has also criticised Boeing for making statements "inconsistent with our expectations."
PASADENA — Georgia Hernandez says her father's medical care at VA clinics in recent months had been mired by long wait times for appointments that left him with no other option than to seek care at a Houston hospital.
It was there that doctors discovered George Barraza, a Vietnam War veteran, had liver cancer and that he was suffering from hepatitis C and cirrhosis. After doctors ran several tests and sent Barraza and his daughter back to the VA, they were told to come back two months later, but Barraza died before his appointment.
“He served honorably in both the Army and the Air Force in Vietnam,” Hernandez said Thursday at a hearing of the state Senate's Veteran Affairs and Military Installations Committee. “I just don't think he was taken care of in the way he should have been.”
Hernandez was among several who testified before the committee at the Port of Houston in Pasadena. Committee members collected information from veterans and state officials who work with the veteran community as they prepare to task the Texas Veterans Commission with assisting veterans in obtaining medical services and filing complaints for long wait times.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Legislators have proposed that the veterans commission be directed to expand its “strike force team” — created in 2012 to reduce a backlog of disability claims — to set up a hotline for veterans looking for assistance in setting up medical appointments with the VA.
With the commission “uniquely positioned” to carry this idea out because of the strike force's existing infrastructure, committee chairwoman state Sen. Leticia Van de Putte, D-San Antonio, said it's likely the proposal would move forward.
The proposed strike force team expansion comes in response to a nationwide investigation of scheduling practices at VA medical facilities — including six medical centers, 20 outpatient clinics and 36 community-based outpatient clinics in Texas — following allegations by several whistleblowers that staffers at federal clinics were instructed to manipulate scheduling documents to falsely report shorter wait times for veterans seeking medical services.
In a recent audit, the VA determined that several clinics in Texas are among those with the longest average wait times in the country. The VA's clinic in Harlingen topped the list for average wait times for new patients seeking specialty care at 145 days. Several other Texas clinics have been designated as needing “further review” of their scheduling practices.
Van de Putte, the Democratic nominee for lieutenant governor, said the state's leadership is on the same page in terms of giving the commission the green light despite the cost to the state. Expanding the veterans commission's duties would require authorization from Gov. Rick Perry, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst and House Speaker Joe Straus.
Also Thursday, Perry announced that the state has reached agreements with health facilities to provide care for veterans who cannot get timely treatment from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and has asked federal officials to approve the plan.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
The veterans commission has been directed to provide a cost estimate for implementing the extended strike force. During the hearing, Thomas P. Palladino, executive director of the commission, said taking on this new role would take a toll on the operations of the existing strike force team — which is focused on disability claims — if the state did not appropriate additional funding to the agency.
Van de Putte said the price tag is expected to be much lower than the $1.5 million utilized to create the strike force team in 2012 because it would likely only require six or seven additional staffers.
After getting the cost estimate from the veterans commission, state leaders are expected to authorize the proposal to extend the veterans commission's duties in about a week. The veteran hotline is expected to be running within a month.
The extended duties for the commission would, at first, be financed through the commission's existing budget in order to set personnel in place as soon as possible to begin assisting veterans. Lawmakers would then ask for an emergency appropriation for the commission to cover any costs that went beyond the commission's existing budget.
Sen. José Rodríguez, D-El Paso, said the price for helping Texas' veterans should not be seen as a burden to the state's coffers.
“If we're serious in helping our veterans … the state is going to have to bite the bullet,” Rodríguez said, adding that if the state could provide additional funding for border security, it should be able to send an appropriation to set up the strike force teams.
During the hearing, lawmakers also considered other ways in which the state could help veterans obtain medical services. But Texas is limited in what it can do at the VA's clinics because it cannot provide additional medical professionals to ease the high patient-to-doctor ratio at the facilities.
Sen. Donna Campbell, R-New Braunfels, questioned whether state officials would support calling for block grants from the federal government to provide veterans with medical services locally through a fee-basis program.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“I think the whole system is broken. I don't like it,” she said, adding that the VA should be “decentralized.”
But Jim Richman, director of claims representation and counseling for the veterans commission, said the VA system already has a fee-basis program in place that's not effective because the funding allowed per veteran is insufficient. Also, he said, doctors are unwilling to participate because the VA only pays out 80 percent of what medical services may cost, with reimbursements taking nine to 12 months to be processed.
Richman said the excessive wait times at federal clinics are a “symptom of the disease.”
“The disease is the number of vets versus the number of doctors,” Richman said. “It's gargantuan.”
This story was produced in partnership with Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
A look at the regular-season numbers produced by franchise centers Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin over the past five years:
Mike Johnston understands that much of his success as coach of the Penguins will hinge on the performances of franchise centers Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin.
That's why Johnston visited Nova Scotia and Moscow this offseason to spend time with Crosby and Malkin — in their home countries, on their own turf.
It also is why Johnston not-so-subtly pointed out during an interview with the Tribune-Review inside his Consol Energy Center office Monday morning that giving the Penguins a chance to play for another Stanley Cup isn't a one-man job.
Johnston said the Penguins need to “lessen the load” on Crosby, who scored one goal in 13 postseason games this past spring and drew intense scrutiny from Penguins fans for the first time in his tenure here.
“You don't ever question his work ethic,” Johnston said of Crosby. “You don't ever question his commitment. For a guy his age coming into the NHL and carrying the load that he's carried, I believe he's done a phenomenal job.
“Do we have to lessen the load? Yes. We have to ensure that other players on our team take some of the responsibility off his shoulders — both in leadership and also in performance. He is a captain, and he is a leader, but it doesn't all rest on Sid.”
How will the Penguins make things easier for Crosby and, to a degree, Malkin?
Well, the answer isn't exactly clear.
Depth is the biggest thing, general manager Jim Rutherford said. And after bringing in potential top-nine forwards Patric Hornqvist, Nick Spalling and Steve Downie, as well as defenseman Christian Ehrhoff, Rutherford thinks the Penguins are plenty deep.
“We have a very well-balanced group of forwards,” Rutherford said. “With that being said, everybody has to do their job. We know who the top players on the team are. We know who's going to win more games for us. But in order for us to get to our goal, we have to have everybody contributing. When you have that, it should take some of the pressure off the top players.”
Johnston pointed to the team's existing group of leaders, naming forwards Pascal Dupuis, Chris Kunitz and Craig Adams, as well as defensemen Paul Martin and Kris Letang. He said Malkin and goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury are full of “energy and humor” and will “balance the group out a little bit.”
Malkin going all “Malkamania” on the rest of the NHL would, of course, be a trump card. Few are capable of stopping a determined Malkin.
Just look at his hat trick in Game 6 to eliminate the Columbus Blue Jackets in the first round of the Stanley Cup playoffs or the three goals and seven points he had against the Rangers.
Johnston traveled to Moscow with strength and conditioning coach Mike Kadar, who goes every year, in late July to meet with Malkin. The talk was not centered around hockey, more in getting to know Malkin.
“It was not about power play or penalty kill or where they're going to be used or who they're going to play with,” Johnston said of his offseason meetings with players. “It was more about what they like to do, what's their family situation, how did they grow up.
“I think if you know a little bit about the player's background, it's going to help in the transition to a new coaching staff and a little bit of a new management group.”
Johnston said he and Malkin “didn't spend a lot of time together.” They had lunch, Johnston said. The next day, he and Kadar watched Malkin train in the woods with former Penguins defenseman Sergei Gonchar. Johnston said he and Kadar ate alone that night.
“It wasn't a long trip, but again, it was a chance to connect,” Johnston said. “Geno seems to me, at least when he's around our group, like he's an upbeat guy, a funny guy.
“I know when he said something in Russian to a few of the people at the table, everybody was almost dying laughing. With Mike and I, he was a little bit more comfortable with Mike. You could tell with his buddies he was much more relaxed.”
It's doubtful Penguins management will want Crosby and Malkin to relax much, if at all. But them being comfortable around a relatively new group? There's a good chance Johnston would take that.
Jason Mackey is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. Reach him at jmackey@tribweb.com or via Twitter @Mackey_Trib.
The discussion of just who took the pictures is far from over, and Mr. Norsigian's lawyer, Arnold Peter, said Mr. Streets's past has little bearing on that question. But in a subjective field where credibility and expertise matter, it cannot help Mr. Norsigian that Mr. Streets's résumé appears to be tarnished.
For his part, Mr. Streets initially denied in an interview that he was the same David W. Streets who was convicted of passing bad checks, fraud and petty theft over a seven-year period that ended in 1998 when he was in his early 30s. But he later sent an e-mail in which he cited his extensive civic involvement in recent years, described the incidents as old, and attributed them to “untreated manic-depression” that he began to experience after his mother “committed suicide when I was 15, and my father died the following year.”
“I took complete responsibility and learned from that experience,” he said.
The art debate has its roots in Mr. Norsigian's purchase of the box of negatives, a rummage-sale find that took on a new light when he later noticed in an Adams biography that certain features of the plate-glass negatives he bought, which depict California landscape scenes from Carmel, Yosemite and around San Francisco, seemed to match events in in Adams's life. In particular, the plates showed evidence of fire damage, and in 1937 Adams lost negatives to a darkroom fire.
“The size, the fire damage, the locations and different stuff like that,” Mr. Norsigian said. “I kept researching little pieces at a time.”
He took his discovery to members of the Adams family, who disputed his claims. Adams had been notoriously protective of his negatives, locking them in a bank vault when he lived in San Francisco. Would he misplace a box of negatives?
Photo
“Ansel would never have done something like that,” said William Turnage, managing trustee of the Ansel Adams Publishing Rights Trust, which owns the rights to Adams's name and work.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But in 2007 Mr. Norsigian and Mr. Peter, his lawyer, set about organizing an authentication team that included a former F.B.I. agent, a former United States attorney, two handwriting experts, a meteorologist (to track cloud patterns in the images), a landscape photographer and a former curator of European decorative arts and sculpture for the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
They concluded, without question, that the prints were of the sort made by Adams as a young photographer in the 1920s.
Mr. Peter said he decided to market the materials through Mr. Streets, whom he did not know but whose work as a dealer he was aware of. Mr. Streets, who moved to California from New Orleans in 2005, bills himself as “Los Angeles's leading appraiser of all genres of fine art and celebrity memorabilia.”
Among clients listed on his Web site are three former presidents, including Bill Clinton, and numerous celebrities. It features photos of him with Hollywood stars and with Maria Shriver, the wife of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of California. A spokesman for Mr. Clinton said he did not recognize the dealer's name.
Mr. Peter said it was Mr. Streets who came up with the $200 million figure the night before their July 27 news conference. “The $200 million represents several sources of revenue over an extended period of time — reprints, licensing, eventual sale of the negatives,” Mr. Peter said.
Photo
But even a member of Mr. Norsigian's authentication team has expressed doubts about the estimate. Patrick Alt, a photographer, said that he believed that Adams did create the negatives but that he found Mr. Streets's appraisal estimate “outrageous.”
It certainly will be difficult to support that value if the photos were taken by Mr. Brooks, Ms. Walton's uncle, now deceased, who dabbled in photography. Ms. Walton, 87, said, “I about fell off my sofa” when she saw Mr. Norsigian's announcement on television. The image on the screen looked exactly like a photo by her uncle that she had hung on her bathroom wall: a picture of the leaning Jeffrey pine in Yosemite that she had inherited from her father in 1981.
Two former Adams assistants, John Sexton and Alan Ross, have since agreed with her, saying tell-tale shadows and dust spots indicated that the two Yosemite pictures, Mr. Norsigian's and Ms. Walton's, were taken at the same time with the same camera.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Nothing about that development has dissuaded the Norsigian team from moving forward with sales, staged out of Mr. Streets's gallery.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Streets has become something of a fixture in some Beverly Hills circles. Last May the mayor there, Jimmy Delshad, read a proclamation at a party Mr. Streets held on the anniversary of his gallery's opening. But the mayor's office later said he did not declare it “David W. Streets Day,” as it says on Mr. Streets's Web site.
Mr. Streets held a similarly high profile in New Orleans, even after his criminal convictions, for which he received probation and was, in one case, required to pay $19,000 restitution. As director of the Bryant Galleries branch there, he was a guest speaker at an art luncheon and regularly appeared in the society column.
Photo
Ms. Allen of Bryant Galleries said she did not know when she hired him that he had a criminal record, including a charge for pocketing a $600 deposit that a woman had made toward a couch at a furniture store where he had worked.
Ms. Allen, though, said she and her husband had a dispute with Mr. Streets and demoted him in 2004, after which he left and ended up working at at least one other gallery in New Orleans. She characterized his director's position as primarily a sales job.
After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Mr. Streets moved to Los Angeles, where he has made his share of celebrity friends.
“I've known him for years,” said Bryan Batt, an actor who plays Salvatore on “Mad Men.” He described him as “a kind and generous man” who gave a party for Mr. Batt when his memoir was released last spring.
The continuing dispute has not shut down the sale of prints, which Mr. Norsigian has priced from $1,500 to $7,500; posters are going for $45. Mr. Peter declined to say how many have been sold or what percentage Mr. Streets is receiving as the dealer.
Copyright claims may well be brought by the Ansel Adams Publishing Rights Trust.
A solid outcome from the haze of the dispute has been the discovery of a new photographic star. This November a San Francisco gallery owner, Scott Nichols, will be hosting a show of work by Adams and his assistants and he has decided to include photos by Mr. Brooks too.
“Uncle Earl is a damned good photographer,” Mr. Nichols said, “There's no doubt about it.”
About Campus Vote Project
In 2012, Fair Elections Center (formerly Fair Elections Legal Network) launched Campus Vote Project (CVP) to focus and expand its workaround student voting issues. CVP works with universities, community colleges, faculty, students and election officials to reduce barriers to student voting. Our goal is to help campuses institutionalize reforms that empower students with the information they need to register and vote.
College students face special challenges when attempting to register and vote in their college communities. They lack information about voter registration rules and deadlines, do not have acceptable ID for voter registration or voting purposes, are confused about where to vote, may not have transportation to the polls, and occasionally are confronted by unfriendly or unsympathetic elections officials or poll workers. In 2011 the situation got worse when state legislatures around the country pursued new laws that sought to limit access to the polls, with particularly damaging effects for student voters. Campus Vote Project seeks to address these challenges well in advance of Election Day to pave the way for successful student voter turnout in 2015 and 2016.
Sam (November 7, 1990 – November 18, 2005) was a blind pure-bred Chinese Crested hairless and toothless dog , and three time champion of the annual Sonoma-Marin Fair World's Ugliest Dog Contest in Northern California in 2003–2005. His ugliness gained him international fame and celebrity – his death was a top headline on major news websites.[1]
Susie Lockheed, his owner and a resident of Santa Barbara, took him in as a rescue dog in 1999 from his first owner.[2][3]
Media [ edit ]
In 2005, Sam starred on Criss Angel's 2005 Mindfreak Halloween Special which aired on the A&E Network. Sam played the role of Angel's cat, dressed up in a Halloween costume. Sam was featured on Japanese television, New Zealand radio and the Daily Telegraph in England. Due to heart complications Sam was euthanized on November 18, 2005, just after his 15th birthday[2][4].
Greece and its creditors have agreed on a third austerity deal, involving loans of up to €86 billion, the European Commission has confirmed. The agreement comes after 18 hours of negotiations overnight.
"Ultimately, the agreement has been reached at the technical level in Athens," the representative said Tuesday, TASS reported.
Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos said “two or three small details” still need to be resolved.
READ MORE: Athens, creditors close to final accord on €86bn bailout – media
The International Monetary Fund, one of Greece's key creditors, has also signed up to the agreement. At the end of July the body said it wouldn't join the bailout unless Athens agreed to a “comprehensive set of reforms” and creditors for debt relief.
READ MORE: IMF won't join Greece's rescue unless creditors agree on debt relief - media
On Tuesday, the Greek Finance Ministry said its government and the international creditors managed to agree on the two major issues – a new privatization fund that will accumulate state assets worth around €50 billion over the next 30 years and the game plan to tackle the problem of overdue loans totaling €90 billion.
Negotiations on the technical agreement will conclude later on Tuesday. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker will speak with French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel later today, FT reports.
Earlier, it was reported that the two sides had agreed on a target for 2015 of a primary budget deficit of 0.25 percent of GDP, moving to a primary surplus in 2016 of 0.5 percent of GDP. In 2017, the primary surplus target is 1.75 percent, rising to 3.5 percent in 2018, ANA news agency reported.
Greek shares rise, bond yields fall as bailout deal reached http://t.co/K2szn6k7Hipic.twitter.com/7QYAHPkrSV — Kathimerini English (@ekathimerini) August 11, 2015
Greece needs to make a payment of €3.2 billion to the European Central Bank by August 20, and a further payment of €1.5 billion to the IMF in September. The country needs up to €86 billion to avoid economic collapse. Previously, Greek officials said August 18 was the latest date for a deal to be reached.
Athens hopes to receive a first tranche of at least €20 billion as soon as the bailout is approved. Over time, Greece aims to use €12 billion for debt repayments, €10 billion for the recapitalization of Greek banks and €5.3 billion in payments state suppliers, according to the Financial Times.
Bill Graveland, The Canadian Press
PINCHER CREEK, Alta. - There are three things one can be assured of in the Pincher Creek area of southwestern Alberta - death, taxes and the wind will blow.
Windswept is the word often used to describe the region with its rolling hills, cattle ranches, farms and the Rocky Mountains to the west.
And it is the wind that's eliciting some optimism at a time when Canada is seeking to reduce its carbon footprint and turn to alternative energy sources.
With their giant 80-metre-high turbines stretching as far as the eye can see and 45-metre-long blades turning gracefully in the breeze, wind farms are potentially a big beneficiary of changes promised by both the Alberta and federal governments.
"The wind is always blowing in southern Alberta it seems. For the locals who have grown up around the wind from childhood, it's just another day for them," said Wayne Oliver, TransAlta's operations supervisor for the region, which includes Fort Macleod.
TransAlta, Canada's largest publicly traded power generator and marketer of electricity and renewable energy, has 460 wind turbines in the area. Some of the older models are being decommissioned and the pricetag for new ones isn't cheap, running between $2 million and $5 million, depending on the output, which can be as much as three million watts of electricity per hour.
But Oliver said 100 megawatts of energy will supply the needs of about 120,000 homes.
He also said most people don't understand where their electricity comes from.
"The general public just wants to know that when they hit the switch the lights will come on and they can cook supper when they get home from work."
With Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promising to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and Alberta's plan to impose a broad carbon tax and eventually end coal-fired electricity generation, wind energy is getting increased attention.
"We have a long-term, viable resource in the quantity of wind that blows through southern Alberta," Oliver said.
"Until we get to the point that we'd have large-scale battery storage of wind energy, wind is always going to be supplemental to a base power load structure," he added.
"In Alberta we have coal and natural gas, we have some hydro. These are our baseload generators and wind can nicely supplement that for the time being."
TransAlta said last month that plans to invest in hydroelectric, wind, solar and natural gas co-generation facilities in Alberta were "on hold" until the details of the province's climate change plans are known.
Alberta's resource-based economy makes up a third of Canada's total greenhouse gas emissions and the province's energy minister said a climate implementation team is currently looking at how big a role wind, solar and hydro can play in the future.
Marg McCuaig-Boyd said right now only about 11 per cent of Alberta's electricity is provided from renewable energy.
"It's going to play a role just like solar and hydro and thermal - we're going to look at a mix," McCuaig-Boyd told The Canadian Press.
"At the end of the day we're still going to have the bulk of our generation from natural gas but there will be around a 30 per cent mix. Wind will certainly play a key role."
David King recently published a stunning book called “Russian Revolutionary Posters“, which traces the history of these striking propaganda pieces from the Russian Revolution through to the Space Race. As someone who was taught history from a Western perspective – with the Soviet Union often misunderstood at best, or mistrusted at worst – I found it fascinating to get a glimpse behind ideological lines.
No matter how stark the contrasts might seem between “us” and “them” (even today, the Pussy Riot trial has brought this way of thinking into the foreground), it's never difficult to find evidence that there's no meaningful difference in the way people of different nations think and feel. These posters seem to be ample evidence of that.
15 Capitalists of the World, Unite! Victor Deni, 1920
This poster was created two years after the close of the First World War, which had seen the formation of the disastrous Treaty of Versailles at the Paris Peace Conference. Neither Germany nor the new communist government of Russia had been invited to attend. The Paris Peace Conference also gave rise to the League of Nations, savagely attacked by Victor Deni in this memorable poster.
14 Capital Victor Deni, 1919
According to the red text at the bottom of this famous anti-Capitalist poster – also by Viktor Deni – “Anyone who tears down this poster or covers it up is performing a counter-revolutionary act.”
13 Every Woman Should Know How to Raise a Child Properly Alexei Komarov, 1925
Contrasted here are two different ways of rearing children: the left column follows the life of a child raised in poor conditions, while the column on the right demonstrates the proper way. Although serfdom had been abolished by Tsar Alexander II in 1861, Russia in 1925 still boasted a largely rural – and relatively uneducated – population of “muzhiks”, or peasants. A large part of Soviet propaganda was therefore devoted to educational initiatives, especially in the crucial area of healthcare. The revolutionary babies at the bottom of the right column are testament to the advantages of modern medicine.
12 Tatar Women! Join the Ranks… Artist Unknown, 1920s
“… Arm-in-Arm with the Proletarian Women of Russia, You will Finally Break off the Last Shackles.”
The ethnic groups whose home lay on the periphery of Russia, such as the famous Cossacks, had always played a large part in its military defense. Tatarstan actually lies quite close to the cultural heart of Russia, but managed to retain for centuries its own Islamic culture and Turkic language.
This poster, which features Tartar script as well as Russian, encourages Tartar women to abandon the “shackles” of tradition in favour of the factories and furnaces of modernity. Part of the Soviet drive to assimilate the Tartars involved discouraging the traditionally subservient role of women. Gender equality thrived in many aspects of Soviet life (though women were notably absent from high state politics.)
11 Get a Tractor! Artist Unknown, c. 1930
“The Machine-tractor Station is the Linchpin of Collectivisation. Get a Tractor! Let's Double and Triple the MTS.”
Machine-Tractor Stations (MTS) were part of Stalin's efforts to collectivise farms across Russia. Rich peasants – who by the sweat on their brows had accumulated more land than was acceptable – were attacked by Communist policy and propaganda alike, as friends of the capitalists and enemies of true peasants.
Note the dutiful workers reading a newspaper together during their break: self-taught literacy was often encouraged in this manner, especially among the labouring class. Of course, literacy didn't necessarily entail freedom for the workers to read whatever they liked.
10 Long Live Our Happy Socialist Land! Gustav Klusis, 1935
“Long Live Our Beloved Leader, The Great Stalin!”
Five years later, during the war, Stalin's face wouldn't be featured on so many posters. The Russian people couldn't forget the sinister policies, the sweeping purges, and the brutal coercion he had imposed upon them between 1935 and 1940 – which were hardly masked by images of utopia such as this.
9 We Will Eradicate the Agents of Fascism Sergei Igumnov, 1937
“We Will Eradicate the Spies and Saboteurs, the Trotskyist-Bukharinist Agents of Fascism.”
This poster was published on behalf of the NKVD – the Soviet Secret Police – during the infamous Show Trials in Moscow. Stalin went on to personally direct what became know as the Great Purge, and later as the Great Terror. According to the propaganda of the time, the purge was a cleansing of the rotten elements in his government. But in reality, he meant to systematically suppress the voices of anybody he perceived as a threat to his own power. It's a scary thought: propaganda posters such as this one could be used very effectively to keep the tide of opinion in his favour, despite the bloodshed.
8 Them… Us Viktor Koretsky, 1941
Just before WWII, the end of the Spanish Civil War had seen a Nazi-backed Fascist government come to power, after the irresponsible western powers, Britain and France, refused to offer military assistance to the Spanish Republicans. Many left-leaning writers and artists from the west, most famously George Orwell and Ernest Hemingway, had volunteered to fight for the Republican cause. The collapse of the socialist Spanish Republic, and the suffering endured by its citizens during the war, was an emotional subject for many Russians.
By 1941, not only Spain but also France, Belgium and the Netherlands had fallen under Fascist rule. This double-imaged poster contrasts the tragic fate of these western countries with the strong, stable and prosperous society established in Soviet Russia under Stalin.
7 For the Motherland! A. Polyansky, 1941
To the Russians, WWII was known as the Great Patriotic War. Less than six months after the poster above this one was published, Germany had abandoned its former understanding with Russia, and invaded. Much of Germany's eastern-front fighting over the next three years took place on Soviet soil…
6 My Son! You See My Plight… Fyodor Antonov, 1942
Red Army soldiers knew that they had everything to lose in the war with Germany. Behind this old woman are the smoldering remains of the family home; she implores her son to save the country.
5 Soldier, Liberate Your Belorussia! Viktor Koretsky, 1943
It can be imagined how powerful this poster might have been for Russian soldiers, a large part of whose country had already been invaded, occupied, and ruined by Nazi soldiers. Imagery as simple and moving as this could draw even peaceful men to war.
4 All Hope Lies With You, Red Soldier Viktor Ivanov and Olga Burova, 1943
As with numbers 5 and 6, you need to look no further if you want to understand why many people go to fight in wars. For the ordinary soldier, the war was not so much about ideological allegiance as it was about protecting the ones they loved. The frightening images here weren't designed to show what could hypothetically happen, if the war was lost; they showed what had already happened (see entry #3 on 10 Lesser-Known Iconic Photos of World War II).
3 Red Army Warriors, Save Us! Viktor Koretsky, 1943
The imagery in the WWII posters is generally far simpler than those of the propaganda campaigns of the 20s and 30s. The propaganda posters were indoctrination campaigns, targeted at certain groups of people, aiming to convince them of certain things that they might not otherwise believe.
But images like this one did not need to be complicated in order to have the desired effect. Koretsky, the artist who created this poster, received letters from soldiers on the front: they “kept his poster folded in the left-hand top pocket of their uniform, next to their heart, just as icons had been kept by their fathers before them.”
2 Thunderbolts The Kukriniksy, Wartime
Many of these hand-painted posters were pasted over windows for propaganda purposes. Despite initial and unexpected friendship with the Axis powers during the war, Hitler's surprise invasion of Russia had resulted in a strong alliance with the U.S. and Britain.
1 KPSS – Glory! Boris Berezovsky, 1962
KPSS stands for “Kommunisticheskaya partiya Sovetskogo Soyuza” – the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. This poster celebrates a series of feats, which intensified the space race and redefined the whole Cold War. On the left is Yuri Gagarin, the first man in space. To his right is Gherman Titov, the first person to spend a whole day in space. They are pictured alongside two other cosmonauts who made it to space. The achievements of these men both shocked and excited people in the U.S., and played a major role in Kennedy's decision to prioritize sending a man to the moon.
Some major U.S. television networks say they'll pull out of Canada or consider streaming all their content online if a proposal to unbundle Canadian cable packages and let customers pay for a few select channels goes ahead.
The comments by some of America's biggest television networks were made during Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) hearings earlier this month.
At the "Let's Talk TV" series of hearings, the broadcast regulator was looking into proposed rule changes that would govern the television industry in Canada.
Currently, cable television channels are sold to consumers as part of group packages, where in addition to channels that users know they want, they also get access to many others, in the hopes that they will find something of interest there, too. The packages are designed to attract audiences to watch channels they wouldn't otherwise order.
This is a consumer welfare destroying death spiral. - Viacom executive Keith Murphy
Under a system known as "pick-and-pay" that the CRTC is considering allowing, users might be able to custom-make a package of cable channels that appeal to them, and not have to pay for any others.
It sounds like an appealing prospect to some consumers, but U.S. television networks that make some of the most popular television shows in Canada say if it comes to pass, they might just bypass Canada's airwaves altogether.
"Mandating pick-and-pay will reduce revenues and increase costs of programming services, leading to less production, lower quality and the withdrawal of some programming services from the market," said Keith Murphy of U.S. media giant Viacom, which supplies content to numerous channels that operate in Canada including BET, YTV, Spike, MTV and The Comedy Network.
"This is a consumer welfare destroying death spiral," Murphy said in a submission to the CRTC earlier this month.
May leave Canadian cable
It's bleak language, but it's a view shared by other American media companies.
Under current rules, U.S. content creators like Viacom and others usually sell the rights to broadcast their shows in Canada to Canadian networks. Known in the industry as BDUs (broadcast distribution undertakings), Canadian networks then make money from those deals by selling ads on the Canadian broadcasts of those shows, and getting cable customers to sign up for large, diverse cable packages that include channels that air those shows.
From the television industry's perspective, it's a model that has worked well for both sides for decades. Consider what executives at AMC, the maker of wildly popular shows like Breaking Bad and The Walking Dead, told the CRTC in its submission.
"The level of investment and creative risk required to create groundbreaking original programs could simply not be supported if AMC was marketed as an la carte service," AMC's executive vice-president Jamie Gallagher said.
Laura Van Soelen, a lawyer from Gowlings who spoke on behalf of AMC at the hearings, said the current system works the way it's supposed to — by using popular content to find an audience for new shows. Canadians can't currently get AMC in Canada, for example, without also getting the sci-fi channel Space. By bundling those channels together, millions of Canadians were able to discover the award-winning Canadian-produced Orphan Black, Van Soelen noted.
Canada's biggest cable company, Rogers, agrees, with executive David Purdy telling the commission that about half of the company's customers say they would cancel their subscription if they lost access to premium U.S. channels like AMC.
"AMC, A&E, TLC these are the types of services that could either come in over the top or do a deal for all their content with Netflix," Purdy said. "We lose them from the ecosystem we lose I think a part of the reason the number of people stay with us today."
Change that system, U.S. television makers say, and they'll be forced to consider pulling out of Canada's airwaves altogether — or worse still for the Canadian industry, broadcasting directly to consumers online.
Streaming threat
"Due to this lack of regulation, Viacom is seriously considering distribution in Canada through ... the internet as a possible solution if traditional distribution becomes uneconomical due to new rules being imposed by the commission​," Murphy said.
U.S. content streaming company Netflix has made huge gains in Canada by doing just that, streaming unlimited content to Canadians over the internet for $9 a month. In industry parlance, Netflix-like services are known as "over the top" or OTT services because they bypass cable rules altogether.
It's an option U.S. networks are keenly aware of. "Non-Canadian programming services have an array of options for moving their content to OTT domains," Van Soelen said. "In addition to partnering with Netflix, each could create its own [or] they could collectively create a new [service] making the broadcast system the second or some later window for programming content.”
Although it stopped short of hinting at a streaming service, A&E made a similar threat in its submission.
"Under the proposed new rules, [A&E] will be forced to examine our current distribution in Canada to determine the economic viability of operating our business in Canada​," network executive David Zagin said, "including blacking out programming where the costs to clear Canadian rights are too high or possibly forgoing BDU distribution in Canada."
Malcolm Kirk (18 December 1936 – 24 August 1987) was an English professional wrestler who went by the ring name of "King Kong" Kirk as well as Kojak Kirk, Killer Kirk and "Mucky" Mal Kirk.[3] He started as a professional rugby league footballer before becoming a professional wrestler. Kirk died of a heart attack on 24 August 1987 after collapsing in the ring during a tag team match at the Hippodrome in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, England. The wrestling event was run by Joint Promotions with the main event being a tag team match between Kirk and King Kendo (Bill Clarke) against Big Daddy (Shirley Crabtree) and Greg Valentine (Steve Crabtree) in front of 1,500 people.[4] Kirk's death and the aftermath led to the decline of professional wrestling in the United Kingdom.[5]
Biography [ edit ]
Prior to professional wrestling, Kirk was a coal miner, and professional rugby league footballer, he played 35 first team matches as a loose forward (number 13) for Featherstone Rovers (Heritage № 360) making his début on 23 April 1955, playing from the 1954–55 season to the 1957–58 season,[6] scoring one try, he played 3 matches for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 642) making his début during December 1957, playing during the 1957–58 season, he played 2 matches for Castleford during the 1960–1961 season, and he also played for Doncaster, where he was a teammate of another future professional wrestler, Ted Heath.[7]
Kirk started wrestling as "Mucky" Mal Kirk after his rugby league career. After a period of time spend wrestling in Germany, where he tagged with Baron von Raschke,[8] Kirk returned to the United Kingdom, now heavier and bald, wrestled as Kojak Kirk then Killer Kirk[9] before changing his ring name to "King Kong" Kirk.[7] Kirk always wrestled as a "heel" (bad guy) and often tagged with the superheavyweight Giant Haystacks in tag-team matches against blue-eyes (good guys).[10] Kirk's work rose to its prominence in the 1970s and 1980s due to the popularity of televised wrestling in the United Kingdom and he was recognised as a consistent heel.[11] Unlike a number of wrestlers at the time, he didn't rely on a wrestling gimmick during his time in professional wrestling. Kirk instead used his physical size and bald head in a manner of appearance which was viewed as legitimately intimidating.[12] However he was viewed by his peers as being a good worker. Canadian wrestler Bret Hart said about his first match with Kirk: "Kirk turned out to be a great worker and bump-taker, and when he collapsed on top of me, he was as light as if he'd covered me with a blanket."[13] Despite being a heel, outside of the ring he was good with children and made himself approachable.[14]
During this time, Kirk also worked as a bouncer simultaneously with being a professional wrestler.[15] He predominantly wrestled in the United Kingdom however he also wrestled in Germany, where he wrestled the future WWE Hall of Famer André the Giant,[16] and in Canada for Stu Hart's Stampede Wrestling.[13] He also wrestled future World Championship Wrestling and World Wrestling Federation wrestlers such as Bret "Hitman" Hart, Dave Finlay and William Regal.[13][10] His reputation in professional wrestling had also spread to the United States, where he was featured in the Wrestling Observer Newsletter in 1986 as a result.[9]
In 1979 he featured in an Italian film, Io sto con gli ippopotami with Bud Spencer and Terence Hill.[17] Kirk later came to dislike wrestling and wanted to retire and run a pub with his wife.[18]
Death [ edit ]
On 24 August 1987, Kirk died following a tag team match between Kirk and King Kendo against Big Daddy and Greg Valentine at the Hippodrome in Great Yarmouth. The match took place as part of a storyline where Kirk was feuding with Big Daddy.[19] He told his wife when he left his house the day he was due to wrestle the match: "I don't want to go, I hate this job".[3] The match lasted for fifteen minutes. The finish of the match was Big Daddy performing his "Big Daddy Splashdown" finisher on Kirk, where he would jump up and land horizontally across his opponent's chest (which is commonly known as a splash), and hold Kirk down for the pinfall. After pinning Kirk to win the match, Big Daddy got up but Kirk remained on the canvass and started to turn purple.[20] Big Daddy noticed there was something wrong and told his cornerman. The promoter Max Crabtree and others got into the ring and attempted CPR. However, because of Kirk's size, they and the St John's Ambulance personnel present were unable to work Kirk's chest.[3] The ring had to be dismantled, with eight men required to get Kirk on a stretcher and into the ambulance[21] but he was pronounced dead upon arrival at the hospital.[22]
Big Daddy went to a nearby police station accompanied by the promoter Max Crabtree for questioning by police but was not charged with any offence.[3][23] During this time and subsequent media interviews later, Big Daddy maintained kayfabe, and spoke of the match in terms of being a legitimate contest.[24][3] Big Daddy later wrestled the next day claiming it was what Kirk would have wanted.[25] However Big Daddy did say "as long as I live, I'll never forget seeing him laid down there on the canvas instead of on his feet raging and flying about and that will stay with me".[24][26]
The Health and Safety Executive launched an investigation into Kirk's death.[27] The subsequent autopsy and inquiry revealed that Kirk had a previous heart condition and could have had the heart attack at any time but was more likely to have triggered owing to the physical nature of professional wrestling and found for a verdict of death by natural causes.[28] Pathologist Dr Norman Ball testified that Kirk had had six unnoticed minor heart attacks prior to the one that killed him and likely had the fatal attack while he was standing prior to receiving the splashdown, stating "It is likely he was already dead when he fell to the canvas",[28] thus clearing Big Daddy of any responsibility for Kirk's death.[29]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Kirk's death garnered worldwide media attention,[30] with some newspapers initially breaking the news by claiming that Big Daddy's splash killed Kirk.[23][30] The British Medical Association recommended a maximum age limit for professional wrestlers as Kirk was approaching 51 at the time[31] and criticised Joint Promotions for not having a doctor at ringside.[30] Kirk's widow claimed that Kirk only earned £25 for the match, with a bonus of £5 for wrestling Big Daddy while Joint Promotions' promoters were earning thousands while she was left widowed with two children.[14][3][32][33] She criticised the sport for the way it treated Kirk and there has since been criticism of Big Daddy for continuing to treat the incident as a legitimate sporting accident.[32] Later, Canadian wrestler Bret Hart, who wrestled Kirk for Joint Promotions, wrote in his book that few men could take Big Daddy's weight and said "all it took was for Max to wave a few extra quid in a wrestler's face and he'd put his life on the line."[13]
Several sources, including his own obituaries,[20][34] incorrectly claimed that Big Daddy was so distraught by Kirk's death that he retired from professional wrestling. However he actually wrestled for six more years until 1993,[31] still using the Big Daddy Splashdown despite calling for it to be banned and saying he would stop using it.[24][35] Kirk had reportedly told some of his friends "If I have to go, I hope it is in the ring".[4]
The death of Kirk is cited as having contributed to the decline of professional wrestling in the United Kingdom as people started to look at it more critically. It started to be compared to American professional wrestling, specifically the World Wrestling Federation, which was viewed as a higher quality product as the wrestlers were more muscular than the British wrestlers.[33] Professional wrestling's television spot on ITV was cancelled in December 1988.[5] Joint Promotions dwindled and eventually went out of business in February 1995[36] although its chief rival at the time All Star Wrestling (for which Kirk also sporadically worked)[37] remains active to the present day.[38]
See also [ edit ]
Bitcoin mining and energy consumption
Leo Weese 獅 草地 Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 8, 2017
Ever since its creation, Bitcoin has come under fire for consuming electricity for its mining processes. Most of these critics sadly do not share their reasoning, sources and calculations, making it hard to verify their claims.
Admittedly, the topic is complicated and full of unknowns. By sharing some of our calculations and assumptions, we hope to make the debate more balanced and productive.
Open pit mining
How much electricity does Bitcoin consume?
As Bitcoin mining is unregulated and in many jurisdictions even illegal, there is no hard data on how much total electricity Bitcoin uses. Even in places where Bitcoin mining is regulated and legal, power companies do not necessarily know what the electricity is used for, and their statistics do not account for cryptocurrency mining.
We can estimate the power, however, by looking at Bitcoin's “difficulty”. Difficulty is a number calculated by the Bitcoin protocol and embedded into each Bitcoin block. This difficulty is a measure of how many hashes it takes for a miner to find a valid block in average. It is recalculated every 2016 blocks (roughly two weeks) in order to keep block intervals at roughly 10 minutes.
As of December 7, block 498048, the Bitcoin difficulty stands at 1,590,896,927,258. Each hash is effectively a random number between 1 and 2^256–1. The difficulty describes the target that the hash must undershoot. This is similar to throwing darts randomly at a large target. The difficulty describes the size of the bullseye. The smaller the bullseye, the more often you have to throw a dart to randomly hit the bullseye.
We can calculate the number of hashes you need to compute on average to find a block within ten minutes using the formula D * 232 / 600. You can see how this formula is derived here. For the current difficulty, this gives us an estimation of 1.14x10^19 hashes per second, or 14 Exahash/s.
Bitmain is a manufacturer of Bitcoin mining equipment based in Beijing and Shenzhen. They claim to have produced roughly 70% of the world's Bitcoin miners, using chips from Taiwanese chip foundry TSCM. Their latest model, the S9, uses a 19nm chip. From their website we can learn that the latest batch produces about 14 TH/s (14x10^12) at 1372W. Earlier S9 models use the same electricity per hash.
As this is the currently most energy efficient miner on the market, it allows us to calculate a lower boundary for how much electricity is consumed.
Dividing 1.14x10^19 by 14x10^12, we can calculate that there are a maximum number of 800,000 S9 miners currently in operation, consuming roughly 1,100 MW in total. The statistics provided by the International Energy Agency do not use MW or GW. Instead, they use “Mtoe”, or “Million tons of oil equivalent”. 1 toe is 11.63 MWh. The total energy estimated to be used globally in 2017 is 13,647 Mtoe, or 158,714,610 GWh. In comparison, by today's difficulty standard, we would expect the Bitcoin network to consume roughly 9,636 GWh over an entire year, less than one 16,000th of the global supply.
Bitcoin consumes 1,100 MW in total, that is, 9,636 GWh over an entire year, or 0.829 Mtoe.
This is just a lower boundary, but it is also a relatively good estimate. Some of the miners currently active on the Bitcoin network might be older and less efficient, but already the second most efficient Bitcoin miner generation, the Bitmain S7, consumers 1.5 times as much energy per hash as the S9. While it might be profitable to use this miner with Bitcoin's current rapid price increases, it will not be profitable in the long run.
This lower boundary also serves as a natural equilibrium. If all other variables — like price and technology — remain constant, Bitcoin's energy consumption will converge to this boundary.
Google's data centers consume about double as much electricity in 2015 than Bitcoin consumes in 2017
Why does that seem so small?
There are many ways we can make that number look big or small in comparison, depending on what we want you to think. If I had the intention to lobby for a ban of Bitcoin mining, I would use references like the one below:
It is also easy to make this number look very small:
What does the future of Bitcoin mining look like?
Bitcoin currently consumes mostly very cheap electricity. Miners race to the bottom of who can find the cheapest electricity, and everyone consuming electricity significantly larger than the average is forced to shut down their unprofitable operations.
As a result, Bitcoin mostly consumes electricity in places where it is abundant, cannot be stored or transported. Because oil, gas and coal are often trivial to transport, you very rarely find Bitcoin mining operations that consume these resources, because it would be more profitable to ship the energy to a place where it can be sold for more.
While some coal in landlocked and inaccessible locations is fired up in an environmentally unfriendly process to mine Bitcoins, most miners are powered by hydrogen dams, geysers and other geothermal energy sources that cannot be transported or stored.
Bitcoin will continue to seek those cheap and otherwise unused forms of electricity, while it will probably never be profitable to mine in urban or industrial centers. You are willing to pay more for your air-conditioning or water heating than a Bitcoin miner can afford.
How much does it cost to mine a Bitcoin?
Miners are rewarded for their efforts with Bitcoin payments. They are willing to only burn as much electricity as they are being given as a reward. Block 498048 (that we look at above) yielded 14.6 BTC as a reward for its miner, a relatively typical fee. This is about US$230,000 at the current volatile prices. Given a electricity cost at US$0.02 per kWh and 1,100 MW consumption, a block costs in average 183 MW, or US$3,600.
If Bitcoin prices remain constant and enough miners can be built, we would expect Bitcoin's electricity consumption to increase five-fold in the short run.
In the long run however, Bitcoin's mining reward will become smaller and smaller. It's base reward (currently at 12.5 Bitcoin per block) will half every four years, until it reaches zero. The reward from transaction fees (currently 2 Bitcoins per block) is expected to stay the same.
How much electricity will be consumed by the Bitcoin network in this case depends on the size of the transaction fees, and the value of a Bitcoin. If a Bitcoin is one day worth US$1 million, two Bitcoins per block would mean 2 million dollars worth of electricity is destroyed every 10 minutes.
Where will that electricity come from?
Bitcoin will continue to unlock largely inaccessible electricity in the form of hydro, geothermal and solar. Few Bitcoin mines will rely on oil, gas or coal, as these resources are largely exhausted, can easily be transported to areas with higher prices, and are expensive to extract.
Also, one can argue that Bitcoin actually saves energy. The world's financial system requires many resources beyond the electricity to run servers. Banks house themselves in tall buildings with air-conditioning, private jet companies fly gold and cash around the world for discreet clients, while printing cash requires cotton farming or even the slaughter of animals.
So is Bitcoin really taking a toll on global energy use? Given Bitcoin mining's trend toward renewable resources, and the fact that traditional banking is not so environmentally friendly, the cryptocurrency may actually have a positive effect on the Earth.
Anti-abortion activists oppose federal funding for Planned Parenthood in front of the U.S. Capitol on July 28, 2015, in Washington. Photo by Olivier Douliery/Getty Images
Hopefully, the fabricated “scandal” over Planned Parenthood will be wrapping up today. For the past few weeks, Republicans have been striking poses of outrage and disgust over a series of misleading videos created by the religious-right propagandists at the Center for Medical Progress. CMP claims the videos show illegal activity at Planned Parenthood, a claim that is, simply put, a lie. But Senate Republicans are performing outrage and pushing for a vote to defund Planned Parenthood.
Most congressional watchers expect the bill to fizzle out quickly—the Wall Street Journal calls it “a largely symbolic vote”—because Republicans don't have the 60-vote majority to shut down a filibuster. Fox News optimistically describes the vote as a “first step in a renewed battle” to destroy the venerable women's health organization. But this dog-and-pony show is less about defunding Planned Parenthood and more about giving Republican politicians a chance to reassure their base that they, too, hate the idea of low-income women obtaining affordable reproductive health care. If Republicans are smart, they'll move on—at least until the next time the anti-sex police decide there's some new fake thing they're all outraged over.
Still, today's vote is a big deal. The fact that it's even happening at all, regardless of the outcome, is another alarming reminder of how much the rabid right-wing base has taken complete control of the Republican Party. Last week, the Shorenstein Center released a paper by New York Times reporter Jackie Calmes on the growing power of this base. “One of the realities here is that these people have always existed,” Norman J. Ornstein explained to Calmes. “But they were at the fringes, the John Birch Society types. Now, because of social media and because you have a culture of extremism that is not culled out more generally, they can move into the mainstream and actually hijack a major party.”
As both the Washington Post and New York Times editorial boards have pointed out, what is really disturbing about the Republican offensive against Planned Parenthood is its utter detachment from reality. As I reported at Slate when CMP's first video came out, it appears to be a spinoff of Live Action, a group that has lost all credibility after years of making similar false claims about nefarious behavior at Planned Parenthood. We should all be alarmed that a bunch of charlatans can snap their fingers and get congressional Republicans to come crawling.
Unfortunately, some of the biggest panderers, such as Ted Cruz, are already floating the idea of drawing this fake scandal out even longer—calling for a government shutdown if the Senate, as expected, does not vote to take away gynecological care from millions of low-income women. As Paul Waldman at the Week points out, Cruz's is an extremely bad idea. This wouldn't be the first time that Republicans use the threat of a shutdown to pressure Democrats into caving to right-wing extremism; those threats have all failed, and created even more animosity toward congressional Republicans in the public at large.
No doubt Fox News and talk-radio hosts will demonize any Republican who doesn't go all-out in this chapter of the war on women. But Republican leadership needs to draw the line somewhere, before the party is completely defined by its conspiracy-theory fringe.
Shutterstock
Although we are spoiled for choice in the Android market, placing your hands on your perfect smartphone is sometimes a little more difficult than it perhaps should be. Limited regional availability, exclusive invite systems, and territorial price variations can make third party, grey market retailers quite appealing, and in most cases these companies provide a valuable service. However, it seems that some companies are abusing this demand and tampering with devices, even going so far as to install malware onto customer's brand-new smartphones.
A blog post written by Twitter user @tuesdev details a rather unsavory experience involving a grey market purchase of an OnePlus 2 smartphone through Australian retailer Kogan. Although the situation could apply to any phone and a number of other retailers.
Without an invite to hand, the customer opted to pay a little extra from the retailer which had one in stock. However, upon receiving the phone, the box had already been opened. Powering on the device revealed that some party had also installed additional bloatware under system apps, meaning that they could only be disabled rather than uninstalled. For reference, the OnePlus 2 usually only ships with stock Google apps.
Further suspicions were raised as system updates were disabled and Google Search had been replaced by a third party app. An antivirus scan of the phone later revealed that the extra bloatware apps were in fact malware, serving up system wide ads and collecting user data. It's a completely unethical practice that almost certainly deserves some attention from local authorities.
The only solution, to flash the official Oxygen OS from OnePlus to reset the phone to the state that it should have arrived in. Kogan did eventually respond to the case, only to ask that the customer open a ticket with them so that they could investigate.
Unfortunately, it doesn't appear that this is the only instance of this happening. The author found similar cases online from a number of grey import retailers, many of which featured the same or similar pieces of malicious software shoved into phones that were supposed to be sold as new. This issue seems to be relatively widespread.
The lesson here is to be careful when purchasing gadgets through unauthorized channels. Although it shouldn't be necessary, a quick virus scan of a new phone could save you from trouble later down the line too. Perhaps the best way to be safe if you are planning to go through a grey market retailer is to do plenty of research on the seller and keep an eye on those user reviews. Of course, don't let this story put you off completely, there are good retailers out there too.
Have you had any negative experiences buying phones out of region?
People predicted it would be close between Hillary Clinton and her opponent Bernie Sanders at the Iowa caucus - but not so close the winner would be decided by the flip of a coin.
This is, however, exactly what happened.
In at least six precincts across Iowa Monday, Democratic caucus votes ended in a tie, forcing a coin toss to decide which candidate would win a county delegate.
Mrs Clinton won all of these - securing her an incredibly narrow lead.
It seems quite ironic that the more socialist candidate lost because of cold hard cash.
@HillaryClinton won a delegate in the #IowaCaucus by a coin toss. They literally let money decide the election — Goose Duarte (@ImprovGoose) February 2, 2016
So how can a democracy choose a political candidate because of a coin flip?
It's actually in the rules to make things fairer - if two candidates are neck-and-neck, there is no other way to choose between them except by using chance.
The coin toss rule is on the #IowaCaucus guide for Democratic precinct chairs pic.twitter.com/KQXRXaiLrx — Fernando Peinado (@FernandoPeinado) February 2, 2016
How likely is it to win a coin toss six times in a row?
Hillary won a coin flip six times.
Is it time to put our tin foil hats on?
There were six different instances where a coin toss was used to determine the winner of a delegate in Iowa, and Hillary won all six. Wow. — Josh Jordan (@NumbersMuncher) February 2, 2016
Each coin toss has a 50% chance of coming heads or tails.
So, to get that six times in a row, we have to multiply 0.5 by itself six times.
Which gives us a chance of around 1.6%.
It's definitely not implausible that she was just lucky!
This is probably more plausible than the belief she controlled the coins with her mind.
Coin toss is all in the wrist, say scientists
Tin foil hat time again?
According to one study, if the coin tosser was biased towards Hillary and had practised their tossing, they could influence which side lands face up.
Researchers at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada, asked 13 medical students to flip a coin 300 times and try to influence the way it landed.
The top two winners were told they would receive a prize of $20 (£12.50) or $10 (£5.25) respectively.
They discovered that with just two minutes' practice, the students could make the coin land on the side they chose on average 54 per cent of the time.
Seven of the 13 came up with "significantly more heads" than tails. One of the participants achieved heads 68 per cent of the time.
The study, published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal, suggests a coin-flip can be manipulated to turn up heads or tails.
Spooky!
Order of operations to determine Iowa winners:
1. Tallied votes
2. Coin toss
3. Rock paper scissors
4. Staring contest — Aaron Levie (@levie) February 2, 2016
Did you know elections in the UK can be decided by a coin toss?
This isn't just another example of American politics being strange.
People looked at the coin toss and scoffed, blaming the weird people in charge of politics in the US.
ok but why are they deciding something important like this with a coin toss???? I don't understand American politics goodbye — jamie frost (@jaaaayseee) February 2, 2016
American politics = Hilary Clinton wins by a coin toss? Literally. Is this a joke? https://t.co/VDVldnqqOm — CJ Berina (@CJBerina) February 2, 2016
American politics at its best. All that money spent and decided by this. #cointoss — Paul Kennedy (@pkedit) February 2, 2016
...seriously?
A coin toss?
Are you kidding?
That's what they resort to in American politics to break ties? https://t.co/ukn15vUwju — ArthroSkeleton (@FiredKnight) February 2, 2016
This could actually happen in the UK, too.
Although there has never been a tie in a UK general election - the closest margin was two in 1997 in Winchester.
If recounts fail to separate two or more leading candidates, the returning officer is legally required to settle the matter immediately.
This person has to use a random method to separate the candidates.
This can be a coin toss, or any other random and fair method of their choice.
Coin tosses have decided results in local elections.
In 2000, in the Worksop North East seat of Bassetlaw District Council, three re-counts failed to separate the Labour and Conservative candidates, but Labour won on the toss of a coin.
Control of Stirling District Council has twice been decided by cutting a pack of cards, in 1988 and 1992.
And in 2007 n Lincolnshire Conservative councillor Christopher Underwood-Frost held his seat by the toss of a coin.
NVIDIA is working on new GM206-based product.
Maxwell GM206-250: GeForce GTX 950 (Ti) incoming?
NVIDIA has plans to replace first generation Maxwell graphics cards with something new. Let me remind you first generation Maxwell consists of two graphics processors: GM107 and GM108. While the latter is mobile silicon, the first one is currently powering the ‘budget' mid-range segment, also known as GTX x50. Both GTX 750 Ti and non-Ti may soon find their replacements, as we've just learned NVIDIA has just finished its new processor — Maxwell GM206-250.
Here is what we know for sure:
the new processor is codenamed GM206-250
it's a GeForce product
it's a GTX product (which means it's not GT x40 and below).
Well that's not much, but don't forget this information very fresh. The GM206-250 is cut-down version of GM206-300, which is the full processor with 1024 CUDA cores used in GTX 960. AMD's own benchmarks compare Radeon R7 370 and R7 360 to GTX 750 Ti and 750 respectively. The launch of new GM206 graphics card will surely cause trouble to Radeon R7 300 products.
We will keep you updated about this mysterious card.
GeForce 900 vs Radeon 300 NVIDIA GeForce 900 GPU Price GPU AMD Radeon 300 ? 2x Fiji XT AMD Radeon R9 Fury X2 GeForce GTX TITAN X GM200-400 $1000 GeForce GTX 980 Ti GM200-310 $650 Fiji XT AMD Radeon R9 Fury X – – ? Fiji PRO AMD Radeon R9 Fury – – ? Fiji AMD Radeon R9 Nano GeForce GTX 980 GM204-400 $500 / $430 Grenada XT AMD Radeon R9 390X GeForce GTX 970 GM204-200 $330 Grenada PRO AMD Radeon R9 390 GeForce GTX 960 GM206-300 $200 Antigua AMD Radeon R9 380 GeForce GTX 950 (Ti) GM206-250 ? / $150 Trinidad AMD Radeon R7 370 ? ? $110 Tobago AMD Radeon R7 360 Released , Unreleased
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
NVIDIA readying Quadro M5000 and Quadro M4000 Next Post
AMD Radeon R9 Nano to receive full Fiji silicon?
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
For a long time now many car insurance companies have offered special rates for “good drivers,” which specifically meant different things to different companies, but generally meant that you hadn't had an accident. But with increased levels of technology, insurance companies have gone beyond your accident record and created voluntary driver-monitoring programs – commonly called telematics or usage-based insurance surveillance – that allows companies to record how well you drive, like the Progressive 's Snapshot program.
Via a small box plugged into your steering wheel, it records information and sends it back to the company. Things like how many miles you drive, how many miles you drive between midnight and 4 AM, and whether you drive using sharp or gentle braking. Then that data is used to analyze your driving patterns and the risk you pose to the insurance company, and you can save money on your premiums. Neat, huh?
In the past this kind of voluntary surveillance has been positioned as something that was there to reward “good drivers.” And, as one of the cardinal rules of advertising is “Thou shalt not call attention to the negative side of offers,” nothing has ever said about penalizing bad driving using that same data. Until now.
Progressive is going to levy a surcharge on drivers they deem “bad” or aggressive via their Snapshot device. In Progressive's annual report, the company shared these plans: "In recent years, we have employed a 'discount only' model for usage-based rating. In our latest model, introduced in one state in December 2014, we are affording more customers discounts for their good driving behavior, while offsetting with surcharges for a small segment of drivers." Uh oh!
This change will result in "some customers who drive more aggressively (receiving) a surcharge (estimated to be no more than 10% of the rate they currently pay) at renewal." Customers can opt out of the program without any detriment. Kind of like wiping the tape clean, although those who sign up will get a discount as soon as they sign up without having to wait till their driving is assessed.
According to our 2015 Customer Loyalty Engagement Index, when it comes to car insurance and how well companies fulfill consumer expectations regarding “safe driving premium discounts, here are how brands rank:
Progressive Geico USAA Allstate / State Farm Esurance Nationwide Liberty Mutual
As previously noted, most insurance companies offer up some option for a safe driver premium discount. For example:
Geico suggests that a defensive driving course is a great way to become a better driver and save money on your car insurance premium.
USAA defines a “safe driver” as one who maintains a good driving record for more than five years.
State Farm has their Drive Safe & Save discount program, which uses basic information from your vehicle's OnStar or In-Drive devices to calculate your discount.
Esurance program specifics vary from state-to-state, but the most common qualifications are 5 years without an at-fault accident claim or DUI/DWI conviction at least one person on the policy has 5+ years of driving experience.
Nationwide rewards customers who are free of at-fault accidents and free of major violations for at least 5 years.
Liberty Mutual offers a safe driver discount to drivers with no moving violations or accidents.
Allstate has a Drivewise program, and according to the company doesn't plan to add a “bad driver” surcharge to its program for the foreseeable future, so it will be interesting to see if this use-recalibration of the Progressive telematics program will affect customer perceptions.
The bottom line of course is that no matter whether your car is wired for telematics or not you really should drive as safely as possible. Interestingly, it turns out that the best car device to guarantee safe driving is a rear-view mirror with a police car in it.
Robert is author of " Predicting Market Success ." Connect with Robert on LinkedIn
After dropping out of school at 13 to help support his family, he was apprenticed to a clothes dyer, a precursor to the modern dry cleaner. He spent hours figuring out how to remove stains, then read chemistry textbooks and did experiment at home. “My boss was a chemical engineer, and would answer all of my questions,” he said. On weekends he helped a chemist at a local dairy, in exchange for butter.
In the summer of 1943, he and his family were arrested and sent to Drancy, the internment camp for Jews near Paris that was the last stop before the death camps. This time, their passports saved them. Argentina's government protested the family's detention, so they stayed at Drancy for three months, while thousands of others were swiftly sent on to die.
Mr. Kaminsky remembered a math professor who had agreed to tutor him in the camp. “One day, when it was time for our classes, he wasn't there. He hadn't wanted to tell me beforehand that his name was on the list.”
The Kaminskys were eventually freed, but they weren't safe in Paris, where Jews were under constant threat of arrest. Soon Argentines were being deported, too.
To survive they would have to go underground. Adolfo's father arranged to get false papers from a Jewish resistance group, and sent Adolfo to pick them up. When the agent told Adolfo that they were struggling to erase a certain blue ink from the documents, he advised using lactic acid, a trick he'd learned at the dairy. It worked, and he was invited to join the resistance.
Mr. Kaminsky's cell was one of many. His would get tips on who was about to be arrested, then warn the families, assembling new papers for them on the spot.
The group focused on the most urgent cases: children who were about to be sent to Drancy. They placed the kids in rural homes or convents, or smuggled them into Switzerland or Spain. In one scene from the book, Mr. Kaminsky stays awake for two nights straight to fill an enormous rush order. “It's a simple calculation: In one hour I can make 30 blank documents; if I sleep for an hour, 30 people will die.”
Amy Schumer is reportedly set to star in I Feel Pretty, an upcoming comedy film from writer-directors Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein.
According to Variety, the plot details for the film are being kept secret for now. I Feel Pretty will mark the directorial debut of Kohn and Silverstein, best known for their romantic comedies How To Be Single, He's Just Not That Into You and Never Been Kissed.
The film is reportedly being produced by Wonderland Sound & Vision and Voltage Pictures, and will shoot on the East Coast this summer.
Shumer is also on board as a producer.
The 35-year-old comedian will be seen next in next month's mother-daughter comedy Snatched opposite Goldie Hawn. She's also set to appear in writer-director Jason Hall's upcoming PTSD drama Thank You for Your Service opposite Miles Teller and Haley Bennett.
Schumer's last big-screen appearance was in 2015's Trainwreck.
In March, the actress exited Sony and Mattel's live-action Barbie movie, citing scheduling conflicts.
Schumer also signed on in March to star in the comedic drama She Came to Me from writer-director Rebecca Miller, alongside Steve Carrell and Nicole Kidman.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
IDEAS Glaude is the William S. Tod Professor of Religion and African American Studies at Princeton University and the author of Democracy in Black
In Roman mythology, Janus was the god of beginnings and endings. He is one of the oldest of the Roman deities. It is said that Romulus himself introduced his worship. Janus came to represent the past and future, and his image was that of a single head with double face, looking backwards and forwards. This two-faced figure is what remains today, and it all too often refers to the person who is duplicitous—someone with contrasting sides.
Bill Clinton is a Janus-faced politician. Last week in response to protests during a rally in Philadelphia, Clinton vehemently defended the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 and the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act of 1996. Insisting that the protesters listen to the “truth,” he claimed that the crime bill led to a 25-year low in crime and a 33-year low in the murder rate. He argued that welfare reform resulted in the largest drop in African-American poverty in history. And in one startling moment, red-faced and finger wagging,” he shouted:
I don't know how you would characterize the gang leaders who got 13-year-old kids hopped on crack and sent them out into the street to murder other African American children. Maybe you thought they were good citizens…. You are defending the people who kill the lives you say matter. Tell the truth!
Here, distilled for all to see, Clinton revealed one of his contrasting sides. Not the smooth, white Southern politician who moves among African Americans with ease and grace, but the smug and paternal Southern white boy who simply wants you to hush and swallow his lies whole.
We know, and so does Bill Clinton, that the 1994 crime bill was not the reason for the reduction in crime during this period. In her book, The First Civil Right: How Liberals Built Prison America, Naomi Murakawa has powerfully demonstrated the impact of Clinton's emphasis on “punishment, police, and protection,” and its role in expanding the carceral state. We know, and so does Bill Clinton, that welfare reform actually expanded the misery of the poorest of the poor. People living in extreme poverty increased more than twofold as a result of that legislation.
The next day, Clinton kind of apologized. He said that aspects of the 1994 crime bill “cannot be justified.” He said he regretted the way he engaged the protesters. “I was talking past her the way she was talking past me. We've got to stop that in this country. We've got to listen to each other again,” he said. But this passionate plea was immediately saddled with what we heard the day before.
You're living in a country where young African-Americans think their No. 1 threat now is from police officers. When I signed that crime bill they knew what their No. 1 threat was. It was from gangs making money out of cocaine, taking teenage kids, huffing them up, giving them guns, and telling them to go kill other teenagers.
Sadly, this is the same rhetoric of the 1990s. This is talk of “super-predators.”
Bill Clinton isn't as skilled these days at concealing his two faces. We are seeing them now in plain view. Or, perhaps, some are finally willing to acknowledge what has always been the case. At any rate, something dramatic happened in Philadelphia. The mask cracked.
Wearing the mask is a critical feature of America's political theater. We've donned the mask since the beginning of this country. From dressing up as Native Americans during the Boston Tea Party to the spectacle of 19th-century minstrel shows (that quintessential form of American popular entertainment with white faces corked in black and then, of all things, black faces corked in black), Americans have managed their anxieties and contradictions behind fanciful and ornate illusions that we were otherwise. Our hidden faces have kept and continue to keep race matters as they are—even, perhaps especially, with a black man in the White House.
Decoding Hillary Clinton's Campaign Photo Ops Justin Sullivan—Getty Images Michael B. Thomas—AFP/Getty Images Justin Sullivan—Getty Images Lucas Jackson—Reuters Don Emmert—AFP/Getty Images Don Emmert—AFP/Getty Images Andrew Burton—Getty Images Jim Cole—AP Mike Blake—Reuters 1 of 9 Advertisement
Clinton, our so-called first black president, reveals the lie. His Janus-faced approached to black communities, an approach that has defined the Democratic Party for generations now, has only deepened our racial neurosis, and he and it is finally being held to account. The devastating effects of the crime bill, welfare reform, deregulation, NAFTA, strategies of triangulation (crime was, after all, a “realignment issue”), and the racial dog whistles around personal responsibility can't be ignored by those who have borne the brunt of these policies and this rhetoric.
The Great Recession of 2008 wiped away most of the economic gains of the 1990s for African Americans. Perhaps, it dispelled our illusions, too.
Many of the protesters don't want to wear the mask anymore. They don't want to do the racial jig that it requires. Instead, they want a politics that addresses directly and honestly the crisis in their communities. So the protests and interruptions weren't just about “good television,” as Bill Clinton suggested. They cut much deeper. They reveal a fight, in part, over the soul of the Democratic Party—if the Party still has one. Remember: Janus was the god of beginnings and endings. Maybe we are witnessing both.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Heritage Foundation President Jim DeMint believes defunding Obamacare is the best hope for stopping the President's unfair, unworkable, and unpopular health-care law.
During two appearances on Fox News yesterday, DeMint shared details about Heritage Action's upcoming “Defund Obamacare Tour” and debunked the myth that Republicans want a government shutdown over the issue. DeMint told Greta Van Susteren:
I think the stakes are so high with Obamacare, that the results are going to be so devastating to our economy, to jobs, to healthcare, that it's certainly worth the Republicans' drawing a line in the sand and saying, ‘We're not going to fund it for this year,' and just stand on that principle.
Those who worry about a government shutdown are missing the point of a fight to stop Obamacare, DeMint explained to Neil Cavuto:
This is not any attempt to shut the government down. In fact, we at Heritage believe the government should be fully funded. They shouldn't have a fight over government shutdown.
DeMint announced he will be traveling around the country in August with Heritage Action, participating in town-hall events in nine cities. Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) is planning to join the Dallas event.
We're going to talk to people all over the country, try to get them engaged with what's going on up here, because this is really the last chance for Congress to stop Obamacare.
DeMint argued that fighting back against Obamacare is an issue that cuts across party lines and has implications for all Americans.
The president pushed this down the throats of not just Republicans, but the American people, and I think a lot of people resent it now and more and more are going to resent it as they lose their health insurance.
Heritage Action's town-hall meetings will be open to the public. Here's a list of the nine cities (click on each link for more information):
Sarah Edwards is currently a member of the Young Leaders Program at The Heritage Foundation.
Italian police have arrested an Afghan migrant who planned terror attacks in Italy, Britain and France and another involved in people smuggling.
Only days after the arrest of a Slovenian man accused of recruiting fighters for the Islamic state Italian police have made another terror arrest. Police in Italy say they discovered evidence on the mobile phone of the migrant that revealed his intentions to commit terror attacks across multiple countries in Europe, likely on behalf of the Islamic state The Local reports.
The man is said to have been part of a five-man terror cell that has direct connections to ISIS and Al Qaeda. Warrants for the arrest of two more Afghans and a Pakistani have been issued while another Afghan migrant was arrested in connection with people smuggling stoking the fears that radical Islamist groups are directly involved in smuggling fighters into Europe.
The two migrants arrested, aged 23 and 29 respectively, are said to have been the two key members of the terror cell, founding it initially and providing support to ISIS according to prosecutor Roberto Rossi. Rossi told journalists at a press conference that the cell phone found showed the cell was preparing for attacks against, “government and military targets, public institutions, international companies and civilian targets.”
He said that images found on the phone were reconnaissance data for attacks saying, “it was clear these were not tourist images. They appear to have been scouting sensitive sites.”
Among the images recovered were videos of Taliban propaganda and, “a series of chants traditionally sung in preparation for martyrdom,” likely ISIS themed “nasheed” chants that feature prominently in ISIS videos. Rossi told Italian paper La Repubblica that one of the migrants arrested posed with an M-16 semi-automatic rifle which in Europe is incredibly hard to own because of strict gun laws and regulations.
Also on the phone were links to website, “only accessible to those with connections to the international jihadist network,” according to Rossi.
Rossi also shed light on the smuggling operations linked to the cell saying they had evidence of the group travelling across Europe, always paying in cash, and information on smuggling routes through Hungary, Italy and Calais.
The two arrested came to Italy as asylum seekers themselves, one in 2011 and the other having only been in Italy for a week.The latter, before his arrest, was still living in an asylum reception centre.The pair is by no means the first ISIS linked migrants to have attempted to, or succeeded in sneaking into Europe during the migrant crisis
As the summer comes many expect a huge wave of migrants coming into Italy from Libya and at least one senior French politician has warned that ISIS will likely smuggle more fighters to Europe. Some experts warn that ISIS fighters may even pose as street vendors in Italy and elsewhere to commit attack similar to what happened on the beaches of Tunisia in the summer of 2015.
Tens of thousands of Alberta students who rely on public transportation to get to class could save hundreds of dollars each year through a new rebate program.
Education Minister David Eggen announced a Municipal Transit Rebate at City Hall on Monday that will see eligible students pay only the difference between the cost of a monthly public transit pass and per-student provincial transportation funding.
In Edmonton, where a monthly bus pass for youth between the ages of six and 17 costs $73 and the provincial government provides $549 per student per year in transportation funding, eligible junior high or high school students could save more than $300 in annual transportation costs.
“That is a substantial amount of money, especially for families that are paying for two or three or five children,” said Eggen.
With five children in her home and no high school within walking distance, Amy Schnoor said she knows first-hand the kind of difference these savings will mean for families like hers who count on public transportation to get their kids to school.
“I believe these youth and their families will use the extra money that would normally be used on an Edmonton Transit pass to save for post-secondary education, pay for opportunities to participate in sports, art or music programs that are often unaffordable, or may even pay for breakfast, lunch or dinner that would have otherwise been missed,” Schnoor said.
It's not just parents who could benefit from the rebate.
Blake Mueller, a student enrolled in the Working with Children Career Pathway at Centre High, 10310 102 Ave., said the rebate could mean students living independently and saving for tuition will have to make less sacrifices to afford it.
“I find myself in situations where I have to choose between replacing old, decrepit shoes or I can have a full week's worth of groceries,” Mueller said, adding that when money is tight, cutting back on “luxuries” often means not buying food or medicine.
Alberta students who live more than 2.4 kilometres away from their designated school in cities where there is a public transportation system will be eligible for the rebate, reducing the cost of transportation for more than 12,000 students in Edmonton and 30,000 students across Alberta.
twitter.com/ClaireTheobald
ctheobald@postmedia.com
This deck does pretty well in almost every matchup; I imagine well refined aggro Paladin/Druid will eventually beat it but those decks aren't quite there yet so those matches are roughly even. Completely destroys Control/Combo Priest/Mage/Warrior, has a slight advantage against control lock. Hardest matches are Pirate Warrior (only played 5, went 3-2) and Jade Druid (6-4, very difficult to play for both players). Surprisingly tempo/evolve Shaman is kind of scary but had a winning record against them as well. Against priest always keep Anduin/Raza because you won't lose to control and Reno priest is a tossup based on who draws and plays those cards first. Went 12-1 en route to Rank 5 from rank 8 today, last 7 matches were all against control/aggro murloc paladin and pirate warriors (all won), didn't think that would be where my win streak would come from but evidently the deck fares better in those matchups than I thought. Hunter is a strange matchup, haven't really gotten a feel for it except to say that the new hunter hero power usually sucks if it costs two manas but is pretty amazing with Raza. Won matches as thoughtstolen DK Warrior/Warlock/Hunter/Shaman, so good deck if you want to see more emotes. Keeping LK in your opening hand is pretty good in some matchups a la Dr Balanced. Only played 2 or 3 rogues, seems kind of bad for the rogue player but no idea.
● The Mothers
By Jennifer Gilmore
Scribner, 288 pages, $26
In her novel “The Mothers,”Jennifer Gilmore has written the book all women of a certain age going through the infertility cycles of hell long to hand to any member of the fertile world who asks that innocent but searing question: So, are you pregnant yet?
If this achingly honest book had come out 15 years ago, when I was slogging through the maternal obstacle course of infertility treatments, I would have carried around copies of Gilmore's raw, unflinching report from the reproductive trenches. What a relief it would have been to have the words I could not utter in such precise, poignant form.
Here comes that colleague who gets pregnant when her husband sneezes. “So, any news?” she'd ask. I'd slide the book out of my purse, hand it to her and walk away.
Jesse and Ramon are a smart, devoted couple. Jesse is a cancer survivor. She's also Jewish. Ramon is not. His Spanish and Italian culture and her yearning Jewishness are explored with nuance, and with especially elegant wrinkles that play out with food (what else?), his mother (who else?) and, not surprisingly, the meaning of motherhood.
Gilmore's writing is crisp and visual, and sits you right down next to her. Unlike most books on this topic, Gilmore, mercifully, doesn't drag us through the details of the couple's infertility treatments, what Jesse calls “the fairy-tale forest from hell.” Instead, the book takes us through the heartbreaking, relentless, comical and otherworldly journey through the byzantine process of adoption. There are lovely, fully realized sub-stories involving birth mothers and fellow infertile travelers.
And all that magical thinking. The mind of the infertile woman is ripe with endless bargaining about what will — and won't — get her the Holy Grail baby. When Jesse and Ramon are, again, late for an adoption training session, Jesse notes, “Again we would be late and all the babies would be taken by the sane and the prompt.”
I love Jesse. She's a worrier. She worries if any of the Christian birth mothers will give her their baby though she's Jewish. She tortures herself on Facebook by monitoring the “baby status” of all her colleagues, acquaintances and distant relatives. She's sassy, saucy, sharp, funny — and a dazzling tour guide through her own pain.
Finally, someone has written a book that fearlessly traces the internal terrain of a sharp, awake, unsentimental Jewish woman caught in what Euripides famously called motherhood's “potent spell.” The problem for our highly likable, sharp in mind and tongue, bitchy and all-too-familiar heroine is, she can't even get into the club, cannot participate in the most communal part of her community. She cannot be a soldier in the Mommy Wars, because her body won't do the very thing it promised to do when she finally lined up the professional Jewish gal's hat trick of maternal readiness: a thriving career; a terrific marriage; the wisdom, confidence and strength of self that emerges in one's mid-to-late 30s.
Infertility is an epidemic in the Jewish community. Many Jewish women marry later and put off having children until well into their 30s. Why? Because for a wide range of cultural, financial and emotional reasons, professional Jewish women's lives awaken to motherhood at precisely the moment our eggs are careening toward their expiration date.
There is so much to love about Gilmore's meditation on the meaning of motherhood in general, and in particular of Jewish motherhood. What does it mean to give up the dream of the bloodline? Does it matter? What do mothers truly pass on? At the Passover Seder, she considers this: “It was three generations singing ‘Dayenu' as if our lives depended on it…. Three generations. All at one table. I will be the one to break that.”
But is she? What will her mother-story look like? “What would I do?” she asks. “Take our African-American, Italian-and-Spanish-speaking baby to Hebrew school?”
That's the thing about the path of the infertile: Possibilities that seem impossible when you're three months in are the outcomes you can dream of after only 18 months. One of the many elements I find so compelling about Gilmore's take is that she's not in it for the parable or the bumper sticker. She sticks so close to her characters' hearts and gives them so much real-time insight, you don't realize how much you're getting until you come up for air.
With unblinking clarity and — what do they call it when men write with power? — muscular prose, she wrestles to the page and peels away the Hallmark card narrative of infertility and motherhood and writes right to the breaking heart of it all. With babies, she writes, comes “a chance to fix the past. Because that is also what a mother does. She fixes the past from the future. If you cannot be a mother how do you fix the way in which you were mothered?”
I won't tell you what happens in the end, because Gilmore doesn't, not really. At first I found it slightly jarring. I'd become so deeply invested in this woman, I was desperate to know for certain how it turned out. But a bow-on-it ending would have been a disservice to this lovely, nuanced story.
Pamela Cytrynbaum is the executive director of The Chicago Innocence Project.
This story "Author Jennifer Gilmore's New Novel Confronts the Mother of All Struggles" was written by Pamela Cytrynbaum.
TRENTON — What is a tax? It depends on whom you ask — and when.
Gov. Chris Christie's $34.4 billion budget proposal includes several revenue-raising measures, like requiring the increasingly popular electronic cigarettes to be taxed at the same rate as traditional cigarettes, and making online retailers charge state sales tax.
Yet in his February budget address, Christie boasted of his fifth straight budget without any new taxes. Nor will you hear administration officials refer to revenue enhancements as taxes. Instead, state Treasurer Andrew Sidamon-Eristoff has used words like "tax parity," "fairness" and "adjustments."
"Governor Christie is taking action to level the playing field and promote tax fairness by closing corporate tax loopholes, removing inconsistencies, and modernizing enforcement for tax delinquents," Eristoff said in a statement accompanying the budget rollout."
As he put it, "These common sense reforms will promote tax fairness for tax-paying families who play by the rules, while generating an estimated $205 million in revenue to support those investments that matter most."
But Democrats — who have been harshly criticized by Gov. Chris Christie and fellow Republicans for "115 increases in taxes and fees" in recent years — say there is no difference between what they have done and what Christie is now proposing.
"Hypocrisy is an understatement," Assemblyman Gary Schaer (D-Passaic), the Budget Committee chairman, said in a recent interview. "The Republicans are doing precisely what they accused the Democrats of doing. At least the Democrats were straight and direct about what they were doing and why."
For instance, a 2004 law raising the cigarette tax by 55 cents a pack was included on Republicans' list of 115 taxes Democrats were responsible for. Now Christie's budget proposes taxing electronic cigarettes — which currently carry the normal sales tax — at the same rate as the traditional tobacco variety.
In addition, under the budget proposal businesses within the state's 32 Urban Enterprise Zones would no longer be exempt from the 3.5 percent sales tax when buying from other zone businesses.
Eristoff said the proposed changes would bring about "tax fairness and equity."
But again, a 2006 measure passed by the Democrat-controlled Legislature that narrowed sales tax exemptions in the enterprise zones was included in the list of taxes that had been criticized by Republicans.
Another major proposal of Christie would require online retailers situated outside New Jersey to charge a sales tax to customers within the state. However, Eristoff took pains to emphasize at a recent budget hearing that it was "not a new tax" because by law, New Jersey customers were supposed to pay sales tax.
Other revenue-producing measures included in Christie's budget would extend penalties for bouncing checks to electronic transactions, close loopholes that allow out-of-state business partners to collect New Jersey tax refunds even if they didn't pay taxes in the state, and tweak the corporate business tax code to prevent businesses from sheltering certain income.
Kevin Roberts, a spokesman for Christie, insisted that these were not new taxes and that taking on Democrats — including former state Sen. Barbara Buono during the gubernatorial campaign — for instituting their own revenue-raising measures was fair game.
"When you're talking about it in the context of the campaign, that's how she was going to govern," Roberts insisted. "That's what her record was. And during the campaign she proposed billions of new spending and no way to raise the money."
Nevertheless, at least one Republican on the budget committee said he preferred calling a tax — and that he wouldn't vote for raising them.
"As a general matter, these look to me to be tax increases," Assemblyman Jay Webber (R-Morris) said. "So unless I see something different that makes me think differently over the next couple months, I see them as tax increases."
RELATED COVERAGE
• A roadmap to Christie's new $34.4 billion budget
• More Politics
Smash Run is a 3DS-exclusive mode--a 4-player, labyrinth-exploring, boost-collecting battle game. Click to expand...
Finale Fireworker said: Smash Run being local only, and the fact Gema had 1,400 street passes - the maximum possible - says to me things are just different in Japan. People are in closer proximity, population is denser, and there is no reason for online.
Whereas in America it is basically unfeasible to play local multiplayer unless you already know a specific group of friends. I've had a 3DS since launch and take it with me everywhere - including the toll booth I work at that sees thousands of vacation goers a day pass through - and I have 200 Miis in my plaza.
I will never, unless I drive to somebody's house and sit down with them with the express interest in playing Smash Run, ever be able to play Smash Run with another person. Click to expand...
I know, I know: *another* Smash thread?! But I feel like this is warranted for those who aren't following the rapidly-moving current threads and has been lost in the shuffle a bit. Anyway:one of the most unique features of SSB 3DS, will not have online play. (There will be online play available for regular Smash matches.)Per Nintendo:This is the City Trial-esque mode that has been getting a lot of hype since its announcement.I think a lot of us assumed based on the Smash Direct that Smash Run would be playable online. Famitsu erroneously stated in its most recent issue that the mode would be playable online, but Sakurai tweeted subsequently that it will not.Finale Fireworker's post in the Smash hype thread really sums up my take on this:So, are you surprised it won't have online play available? Were you hoping for online play in this mode? I'd love to hear any and all thoughts (but please don't use this as an excuse to bash Nintendo for being behind the times, let's try to keep this to Smash).
A local tech CEO says a provincial payroll tax credit — intended to help create jobs — is making it more difficult for companies like his to hire and is giving video-game makers an unfair advantage.
“Every CEO I speak to in Montreal and in Quebec, their No. 1 challenge is attracting young employees and technology employees,” says Eric Boyko, the CEO of Stingray Digital Group, which sells music services to other businesses.
He says that Quebec's multimedia tax credit, which subsidizes salaries at video-game companies, is allowing them to offer workers more money and lure workers away from other tech companies.
The result, he says, is that it encourages the growth of branch offices in Montreal, rather than head offices.
With Quebec's unemployment rate sitting at an all-time low of six per cent and high demand for engineers, he says the provincial government doesn't need to be giving money to foreign companies.
Introduced in 1996, the refundable tax credit currently subsidizes between 26.25 and 37.5 per cent of the salaries of people developing video games and other interactive multimedia products. It costs the provincial government around $150 million per year, according to the 2016 provincial budget.
The provincial government says the credit has helped create thousands of jobs. In April, when California-based Electronic Arts, the fourth-largest video-game company in the world, announced plans to hire 500 people in Montreal during the next 10 years, Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitão said the credit had helped create a “competitive fiscal framework” for the expansion.
But according to Boyko, demand for technology workers in Montreal is so high that when foreign companies announce they're creating jobs in Montreal, they're really stealing workers from locally-headquartered businesses.
But a spokesperson for Montreal's largest video game studio, a subsidiary of French company Ubisoft, says the company — which employs more than 3,000 people in Montreal — is creating jobs that wouldn't otherwise exist.
“The war for talent isn't a local challenge, it's a worldwide challenge and we have been extremely active in developing a workforce that didn't exist 20 years ago,” says Cédric Orvoine, Ubisoft Montreal's vice-president of Communications and Human resources.
“We also contribute to growing the workforce by attracting international talent to Canada,” he says, “20 per cent of our workforce is international.”
He says the company employs people with a wide variety of skills, including artists and animators as well engineers.
Boyko made the comments last week as he announced plans to hire 400 people at his company's Montreal headquarters during the next five years.
He says the challenge of hiring technology workers doesn't just apply to tech companies, he says, as technology plays a growing role in other industries, and businesses in a wide variety of sectors are feeling the pinch.
“It's not just Stingray,” he says. “Every traditional company has to invest in technology.”
The competition for staff has also driven salaries for computer engineers up by 20 to 30 per cent, Boyko says, to an average of $80,000 to $120,000.
Quebec's video-game industry currently employs 11,000 people at 140 companies — the vast majority of which are Quebec-based small and medium-sized businesses, Audrey Cloutier, a spokesperson for Quebec's Ministry of Finance, wrote in an email.
“The government's support for video-game companies has resulted in significant economic and fiscal benefits. Several studies, notably those carried out within the framework of the Quebec Taxation Review Commission, show that the tax revenue for the government of Quebec generated by the sector is greater than the expenditure related to the tax credit,” she says.
There are also other benefits, including increased dynamism in certain neighbourhoods, and it has given Montreal an international reputation in the video-game industry, Cloutier says.
Related
Boyko has less problem with local video-game companies getting government support, and he would like to see the credit scrapped for large foreign companies. He says he's not interested in seeing a similar credit created for other tech businesses.
He says that even if large video-game companies were to leave the city, local companies would hire everyone within six months.
The gap between the number of people needed by Quebec's technology industry and the number of people with the skill and training to work in those jobs is expected to reach 44,400 by 2021, according to the Information and Communications Technology Council, a federally-funded industry group.
jserebrin@postmedia.com
Japanese officials say they're reviewing suspiciously high radiation measurements around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, while the U.S. military has been called in to help with a final intensive search for bodies from the March 11 tsunami and earthquake.
The Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said Friday that measurements released on the previous two days — including one that indicated radiation in groundwater was 10,000 times the government's standard — seemed suspiciously high.
TEPCO workers experimentally spray adhesive synthetic resin over the ground at the power plant to prevent the spread of radioactive material. (TEPCO/Associated Press )
Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) has repeatedly made mistakes in analyzing radiation levels, and the nuclear agency said it is considering a review of all radiation data collected since the tsunami.
The uncertainty has fuelled fears that the health risks are being downplayed, and cast doubt on the company's ability to respond effectively to the crisis. TEPCO has not been able to stabilize the plant's dangerously overheating reactors since cooling systems were knocked out in the tsunami.
Among the measurements called into question was TEPCO's groundwater reading on Thursday, said Hidehiko Nishiyama, a spokesman for the Japanese safety agency.
Seawater and air concentrations from this week also are under review, he said.
"We have suspected their isotope analysis, and we will wait for the new results," Nishiyama said, adding that the agency thinks the numbers may be too high.
TEPCO has conceded that there appears to be an error in the computer program used to analyze the data and that recent figures may be inaccurate. The company has indicated they are probably too high, but has also said that the figures may be correct, despite the glitch.
The safety agency has suggested it might order a complete review of all radiation data collected since a March 11 tsunami disabled the plant.
Though the size of more recent leaks is now unclear, it appears radiation is still streaming out of the plant, underscoring TEPCO's inability to get it under control. The company has increasingly asked for international help in its uphill battle to keep reactors cool.
A U.S. construction company is currently retrofitting two gigantic pumps — described as the largest such equipment in the world — to send to the stricken plant next week.
They will initially be used to pump water to try to cool damaged reactors, but are also capable of pumping concrete, should a decision to entomb the reactors be made.
The company, Wisconsin-based Putzmeister America Inc., made similar machines that were used to encase the site of the Chornobyl nuclear disaster in 1986 in concrete.
On Friday, TEPCO workers sprayed 400 litres of a resin solution near the No. 4 reactor to prevent the spread of radioactive materials by wind and rain. About 60,000 litres of the resin, which solidifies into a coating, will be sprayed over a period of two weeks if the procedure is judged a success, Kyodo News reported.
Search for bodies intensified until Sunday
Japanese and U.S. military ships and helicopters trolled the coastline looking for bodies Friday, part of an intensive three-day search to find those swept out to sea nearly three weeks ago.
Altogether, 25,000 soldiers and members of Japan's Self Defence Forces, 120 helicopters, and 65 ships will continue searching through Sunday. If U.S. forces spot bodies, they will point them out to the Japanese military rather than try to retrieve them.
So far, more than 11,700 deaths have been confirmed, and more than 16,000 are still missing after the disaster, which officials fear may have killed some 25,000 people.
Many bodies swept out to sea may never be found. Public affairs official Yoshiyuki Kotake said search activities would be more limited after this Sunday.
During Friday's search, 32 bodies were recovered.
Concern for groundwater contamination
Seiki Kawagoe, an environmental science professor at Tohoku University, said radioactive substances were unlikely to contaminate drinking water.
But there are two ways radioactivity could eventually affect drinking water if concentrations were high enough.
The other concern is that contaminated water from the plant could seep into underground waterways and eventually into rivers used for drinking water. Tomohiro Mogamiya, an official with the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare's water supply division, said that was "extremely unlikely" since groundwater would flow toward the ocean, and the plant is right on the coast.
Members of the Japan Self-Defence Force carry the body of a victim found amid the rubble in Noribu, northern Japan, Thursday. (Carlos Barria/Reuters)
There are two nearby filtration plants for drinking water, and both have been shut down because they are just inside the exclusion zone. One takes water from the Kido River, to the south, and another takes it from groundwater below Odaka, to the north. Both are several kilometres from the coast, and therefore on higher ground.
"When people return to the area we will test the water to make sure it is safe," said Masato Ishikawa, an official with the Fukushima prefecture's food and sanitation division.
Evacuees frustrated
Radiation concerns have rattled the Japanese public, already struggling to return to normal life after the earthquake-borne tsunami pulverized hundreds of kilometres of the northeastern coast.
Three weeks after the disaster in one of the most connected countries in the world, 260,000 households still do no have running water and 170,000 do not have electricity.
Hundreds of thousands more people are living in evacuation centres, most because they lost their homes in the tsunami. But others have been forced to leave their houses near the plant because of radiation concerns.
Rescue workers sail a boat past stranded ships in Kesennuma, Miyagi prefecture, Thursday. (Damir Sagolj/Reuters)
Residents, angry with the slow progress of the effort, have started violating evacuation orders around the plant and are sneaking back to gather belongings from their homes.
Fukushima officials have put up posters in all evacuation centres urging residents not to violate the cordon, but are also urging the government to organize group trips for people.
"There is no doubt in my mind that it is dangerous in there," said Kazuko Hirohara, a 52-year-old nurse from Minami Soma. "I just wish they would have thought about safety before they ruined our lives."
DENVER -- On Friday, Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper signed a bill increasing the penalties for repeat drunk drivers.
One of the state lawmakers who sponsored HB17-1288 said this law closes a loophole in a 2015 DUI law.
"We were shocked to find some repeat offenders were not serving jail time," said Representative Lori Saine of Firestone.
Under current state law, a driver with three DUIs gets at least 60 days in jail, but a driver with four or more DUIs may not get jail time at all. That's because even though a 4th DUI is a felony, it carries no mandatory jail requirement. Offenders have received as little as probation under the current law.
"We had a family struck by a drunk driver with 7 DUI's, killed that family. Now we have a widow mourning loss of husband and two boys. This is just unacceptable," Rep. Saine said.
The new law requires a minimum 90-day sentence for a 4th DUI or higher. Offenders must also complete 48 hours of community service. They must also pay for and complete an alcohol treatment program.
The law goes into effect on August 9th.
While I have no doubt that Rocksteady is hard at work on another game, if rumors are to be believed, we'll be seeing Batman in a rather nostalgic light.
According to French gaming site Gameblog.fr, their sources have told them that Rocksteady is working on a Batman: Arkham game that will be revealed at this year's E3. It will allegedly be called “Batman: Arkham Origins,” and the story will apparently take place around the '50s or '60s, and will even feature other members of the Justice League.
Not only that, but the rumors also state that it's scheduled for a PS4 and Xbox 720 release, but there is a chance that it will come to current-gen platforms, too.
Keep in mind that this is still very much a rumor. But if true, then this would add more ground to murmurs that Rocksteady's next game will involve the Justice League in some capacity.
We've reached out to Warner Bros. Interactive for a comment and we'll give an update once we hear back from them.
So, would a Batman game set during the '50s or '60s be your cup of tea? Let's hope it's more Batman: The Animated Series than Adam West, no?
Today, Boxer along with Cyanogen, have announced a new partnership between the two companies to bring Cyanogen Mail to the OnePlus One, Micromax Yureka and the upcoming Alcatel OneTouch Hero 2+. The app will be pre-installed on future Cyanogen-powered smartphones. It's important that we note that this only applies to Cyanogen OS and not CyanogenMod. CyanogenMod is still open-sourced and has virtually nothing pre-installed.
"We're truly excited to be partnering with a company that shares so many of Boxer's core values. Mobile devices have become so prevalent in our lives, but with no two people sharing the same work habits, we believe it is critical that users are offered the option to customize. Phones come in all shapes, sizes, and even colors. With all the device options available in the market today, it is clear that one size does not fit all. We believe the email experience should be no different. Cyanogen shares our vision for customization and user choice. We couldn't ask for a better partner." Stated Andrew Eye, CEO and Founder of Boxer.
The Cyanogen Email app, is actually just the Boxer app, but with Material Design. Which is currently only available on Cyanogen-powered devices. Users will get all of the features of Boxer Pro, which the biggest feature in Boxer Pro is the ability to add in multiple accounts. So you've got Gmail, Microsoft Exchange, and just about every other email provider available. This is more important for those that use Microsoft Exchange. As most of you know, the AOSP email app isn't all that great. While Google's Inbox does support Exchange, you do still need an invite. Boxer takes care of all that, and you don't need an invite to use it. Just need an invite to buy a OnePlus One unless it's Tuesday.
Some of the other features that come with Cyanogen Email include the ability to customize swipe actions. So Cyanogen users can customize their left and right swipe actions, notification sounds, account colors for LED notifications and even create custom inbox folders. Cyanogen Email also brings integrated task management. So users can create a task, set a due date, priority level and even set an assignee straight from the inbox. Cyanogen Email users will also be able to integrate popular productivity apps which include Evernote, Box, Dropbox, Google Drive and others. All integrated into their inbox.
The update to Cyanogen Email should be rolling out to the OnePlus One and the Micromax Yureka in the next few weeks. We'll be sure to keep you updated as to when that happens.
A FORMER Nazi doctor grew rich promoting the drug that caused the world's worst medical disaster, according to a British thalidomide expert whose claims will be used in a global class action launched by Melbourne lawyer Peter Gordon.
Research by Dr Martin Johnson - chief executive of Britain's Thalidomide Trust - shows that former Nazi doctor Heinrich Muckter was paid huge bonuses before thalidomide was exposed in 1961 as the cause of thousands of deaths and terrible birth defects.
Dr Johnson's information is likely to generate compensation claims by hundreds of surviving victims.
Mr Gordon, his former firm Slater & Gordon and lawyers in America and Britain will ask courts in at least four countries to examine the past of Grunenthal, the company that developed thalidomide in post-war Germany.
Courts will hear that in one year alone Grunenthal paid Dr Muckter 22 times his annual executive salary after thalidomide was rushed on to the market without proper testing in the 1950s. Among other Nazis linked with Grunenthal was convicted war criminal Otto Ambros - later retained as an adviser by the British firm that sold the drug in Australia.
Lawyers for hundreds of alleged victims never before compensated will lead evidence suggesting that Grunenthal wrongly assured distributors, doctors and the public that its new sedative was safe for pregnant women.
This aggressive marketing campaign was despite the fact the drug had never been tested on pregnant mammals and was chemically similar to drugs known to harm embryos.
It also ignored the fact that the wife of a Grunenthal worker given samples of the drug had a baby born without ears on Christmas Day, 1956 - well before thalidomide's official release.
A dossier of documents suggests federal and state governments and medical authorities were apathetic if not negligent and this allowed Grunenthal and its distributors not to be blamed for the tragedy.
For legal reasons, comments cannot be published on this matter.
WASHINGTON -- Cesar Vargas, a leading undocumented activist, joined Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign on Thursday, Vargas' advocacy group announced -- another sign the senator's bid for the Democratic presidential nomination is ramping up its efforts on immigration and the Latino vote.
Vargas is a co-founder of the Dream Action Coalition, which is led by young undocumented immigrants, or Dreamers. The group has been heavily critical of Republicans on immigration, but has also chastised President Barack Obama over deportations and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, one of Sanders' opponents, over donations from private prison lobbyists.
Dream Action Coalition has applauded Sanders for his efforts to ban government contracts for private prison companies, which also operate many immigrant detention centers.
Neither the Sanders campaign nor Vargas responded to a request for comment. Dream Action Coalition announced the move in a tweet.
The organization did not endorse Sanders (I-Vt.) but praised him in statements Thursday. Dream Action Coalition co-director Carlos Vargas said Sanders "is a strong choice: he is great on immigration in general, stood with us on the border children and he wants to get the Corrections Corporation of America, GEO Group and other corporations out of politics," referring to two major private prison companies.
"At the same time that Bernie is trying to chase them out of DC, Hillary is accepting hundreds of thousands of dollars from GEO and CCA's registered lobbyists," he continued. "[O]ne day they will call in several hundred thousand dollars worth of favors and skew the discussion on immigration reform to keep their detention facilities full."
Later Thursday, the Clinton campaign said it will no longer accept contributions from lobbyists or PACs of private prison companies, and will donate previous contributions from them to charity.
Clinton has also tapped a prominent Dreamer for her campaign. In May, she hired Lorella Praeli of the advocacy group United We Dream as Latino outreach director. Praeli was undocumented before obtaining a green card in 2012.
Sanders has said he is trying to increase his Latino outreach. An August Gallup poll found that only 25 percent of Latino voters were familiar with him, compared to 75 percent who were familiar with Clinton.
His campaign earlier this month appointed activist Arturo Carmona, who was executive director of Presente.org, as Latino outreach director.
"What we are trying very, very hard to do -- you are going to see us moving very aggressively in that area -- is introduced myself to the Latino community," Sanders said at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute's annual Public Policy Conference on Oct. 7. "I will fight for every vote I can get in the Latino community."
Cesar Vargas came to the U.S. from Mexico when he was five years old. He is undocumented but legally able to work under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, although he is unable to fulfill his dream of joining the military. In June, a New York appeals court ruled he is eligible to practice law, four years after he finished law school.
﻿This article was updated after publication to include comment from the Clinton campaign.
Also on HuffPost:
An American denies knowing cartons of alcohol, drugs, and "inappropriate" statues were being shipped to his home in Abu Dhabi, a court heard today.
ABU DHABI // An expatriate denied shipping cartons of drugs, alcohol and "inappropriate" statues to his home in Abu Dhabi when he appeared at the Criminal Court today.
The American said he had left his pregnant wife in the US and that she was in charge of shipping his belongings over to him. He said he told his wife not to ship the alcohol or statues and that she must have mistakenly sent the drugs, which belonged to her brother who had stayed with them for a short while in America.
"Sorry for the misunderstanding," he said, adding that he wanted to go home. Records did not make clear in what way the statues were "inappropriate".
A verdict was scheduled for October 27.
osalem@thenational.ae
Spread the love
Rate this post
Just like its predecessor, Nexus 5X has been very popular and sold very much as well. Basically Nexus 5X is successor model of Nexus 5 and it has been loaded with many hardware improvements that make it very adorable smart phone this year. It comes with pure Android operating system, that is Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) and surely it would be one of them who will be receiving → upcoming Android updates.
Here in this list we present top 10 custom roms for Nexus 5x that promise better performance, stability and lots of features that make it more user-friendly, productive and useful.
Since it has pure Android, there will be no performance issue with it, however customization is limited in these stock Roms and here when we think about custom Rom.
Custom Roms already comes with built-in features that allow us to customize our Android device very conveniently and effectively. Also in terms of performance, the custom roms are even better than the stock roms and stable too. Also they offer improved battery life. Overall, installing a custom Rom on Nexus 5X would be an ideal choice for customization purpose and get more from the device.
Also see:
Let's start the list of the best Roms!
Best Roms for Nexus 5X
1. Pure Nexus Project
– Always keep you on top!
Even for Nexus 6p and other Nexus devices, the Rom remains on top most of the time. With tons of features and customization options, it comes with good stability and offers very comprehensive performance too. It is based on latest Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating system. Many changes with user interface has been done, many UI parts have been materialized which even Google forget in this update.
For customization perspective there is a panel “PureNexus Settings” that come with bunch of options to customized user interface such Navigation bar, Status Bar, Lock screen area, Power menu, Display, clock etc.
You could watch the review of this Rom in this →video. We recommend this Rom to all Nexus 5X users, it has lots to offer. It is good choice for daily usage, as it is very stable and offers high performance.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
2. Chroma
– I'm light weight with heavy features!
Next Rom is Chroma, it is very compact and light weight Rom having all the necessary apps that are useful for daily usage and comes with wide customization options as well. This Rom is based on Marshmallow operating system with almost no bloatware (non-useful apps).
For security purpose it contains all the security patches. For customization purpose, it has layers support that allow to customize most of the user interface including status bar, Navigation bar, Volume rocker, Lockscreen and much more!
Apart, it also comes with a bunch of pre-installed applications such as Adaway, Nova Launcher, Greenify, Viper4Android, etc. These applications are root applications that allows to make Android device more productive and useful. That's meaning you'll not have to search for these apps anymore since they all are already come pre-installed with this Rom.
Also see:
Best root applications for high performance – Apps to improve performance on an Android device.
Best 5 Root apps for Android – Apps to use an Android device more effectively on root.
This Rom is good choice if are you are looking for clean and light weight Rom that offers most of the customization features.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
3. ResurrectionRemix
– Feature rich Rom ported from multiple Roms!
As the name says, the Rom is a splendid mix of most popular custom roms including Cyanogenmod, Slim, Omin Rom and original Remix Rom. And this mix of Roms brings best features from these Rom and makes it very unique and useful Rom for Nexus 5X. It suits best for personal to business usage.
ResurrecttionRemix Rom is based on latest android 6.0.1 release based on Cyanogenmod 13 build sources. Since its based is build on Cyanogenmod 13, you can expect solid performance and good stability as well.
Just like the above two Roms, this has even much more options to customize the Nexus 5X more appropriately. This Rom has been optimized with UBER TC for better tuning that offers optimum performance, smoother user experience and long battery life, all together!
Very best of this Rom is that it comes with CyanogenMod Theme chooser that allows one to choose and apply themes from collection containing thousands of themes and make the device looks completely different and unique.
Along with all apps that were released with Marshmallow, it comes all → CyanogenMod applications and many others.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
4. OmniRom
– Simply powerful!
I remember those when I had used this Rom on Samsung Galaxy S3 and it had impressed very well. It is built on Gooogle's official Android 6.0 Marshmallow firmware and optimized so well that it promises for smooth experience all the time. Under setting, you'll get a panel called Performance Control through which one can easily set the performance of the device as per requirement and also it affects battery life too.
It comes with OpenDelta OTA Nightly Updater through which you'll be getting all future updates just like a stock firmware.
As per branding purpose, it comes with Omni Wallpapers, boot animations, settings panel and much more. The user interface has dark mode to turn on dark user interface skin. The sections such as Navigation bar, quick settings, Lockscreen, home screen, etc., are fully customizable.
For daily usage, this Rom will be good choice. It does not contain tons of features like ResurrectionRemix Rom but it has enough features and performance wise it is good as well. Surely it is one smoother Rom available for Nexus 5X.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
5. Bliss Rom 6.0
– Most pleasing in all!
The Bliss Rom is all about customization. It comes tons of specific features that allows to customize almost every part of the user interface. Firstly, for theming purpose it boats CyanogenMod Theme engine that allows to choose themes from thousands of beautiful themes. Further you could easily customize areas such as Notification bar, Status bar, Lock Screen, Power menu and Notification Drawer. The AudioFX Equalizer has been embedded for better sound output. Since it is based on CyanogenMod firmware you'll be having all the CM apps such as camera, privacy, file manager etc.,
Also it comes with OTA support that means you could update the Rom as soon as the new build gets rolled out. The Rom is quit stable and offers improved battery life. If you like completely customized Android then this Rom would be good choice.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
Also see:
Best cloud storage apps – Checkout our list to find the best apps that offers cloud services free and completely secure and reliable.
Video Editing Apps – Editing on the go!
6. crDroid
– Stock-near based Rom!
Another best contender in our list the best Roms for Nexus 5X is crDroid. There are plenty of impressive features available in this Rom. Along with stability of stock, it has been optimized very so well that it runs flawless along with many advance features.
It provides many features such as CyanogenMod profiles, Privacy guard, advance reboot menu, quick settings, navigation bar settings, status bar brightness control, status bar options, customize the function of the hardware navigation buttons, etc., for customization purpose.
Since crDroid is based on CyanogenMod Marshmallow's official firmware, you could expect high stability and solid performance. It is surely one best daily driver, offers very stable performance and good battery life too. Even you can increase of decrease Navigation bar height and do more with it.
This feature hasn't been seen in most of the Rom. crDroid is good for daily usage and it is very reliable too.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
7. Official Mokee Open Source Project
– Stock Rom that have CM Features!
Basically Mokee is based on Google's official firmware with added features that makes is so special that is worth keeping in your Android device. The user interface is ported from CyanogenMod and also comes with many CM apps and features.
Specially it comes with Google Apps manager that allows to download and install required Google applications directly from Mokee's store instead of a bunch of Google apps. It keeps the device free from unwanted apps and gives you complete freedom to download them anytime.
Like all, it also comes with options to customized most of the aspects of user interface such Nav bar, status bar and lock screen. At the time of boot up, you'll see Mokee boot animation as it has been injected for branding purpose. It also supports online updates too.
It is a good mix of Google's official firmware and CyanogenMod features and that outcomes stable performance with desired level of customization.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
8. Orion OS 2.2
– Pretty good-looking!
Orion OS is another beautiful Rom for Nexus 5X. It is based on pure edition of Android firmware and initially it was built for Moto G and after its success it has been built for many other handsets. It comes with tons of customization features that allow to design user interface as per desire, all most you could edit all aspects of user interface. This is mainly intended for better performance, it has been built with custom kernel which ensures that user is served with the smoothest performance all the time.
Additionally there is an app called Viper4Android that helps to improve audio on Android devices, comes with custom DPI settings, CM Browser, Layers Manager for customization purpose, GoogleKeyboard by default, comes pre-rooted and many more advance features.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
9. Cataclysm
– Build for Nexus devices!
Cataclysm, the one of most popular Rom for all Google Nexus devices. As per the developer notes, the Rom has been built from Open Source Android builds and each element of source code has been well optimized and made to work perfect on all Nexus devices. It is reliable roms that offers stability and high performance all the time. It is different stock Rom as it is supposed to give complete stock firmware experience however there has been many features and options that has been injected that turns user experience more joyful over the stock.
It includes AROMA installer that will help you to customize the installation of Google apps, you could allow which should be installed or which shouldn't. The embedded features such as battery save scheduler and battery saver, you could improve the battery life your own. The feature list is very long for this and we must say that this Rom is good choice, it is just like all-rounder.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
10. CleanCore N5X
– Simple as stock!
Last but not lest of course. As the name suggests, the Rom is completely clean and optimized for high performance. All the bloatware and apps which remains unused all the time have been removed, that saves a huge amount of space in internal memory and affects performance as well. The Rom is based on official stock firmware and it remains all the stock essence all the time and it developed with these intentions as well.
Simply, it is completely stock firmware with no bloatware and optimized good performance and battery life.
For more information about this Rom visit → here.
Since all the Roms are listed on XDA forum, if you would like to search more such Roms then you must consider visiting Nexus 5X thread on XDA → here. Apart from the Roms, also you'll many useful mods and tricks for this powerful handset.
It ends our list of the best custom roms for Nexus 5X and we hope that this list helps you. Don't forget to share your experience with these roms by commenting below.
(Visited 2,704 times, 3 visits today)
https://androidcure.com/best-roms-nexus-5x/ https://androidcure.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/the-best-rom-google-nexus-5x-940x561.jpg https://androidcure.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/the-best-rom-google-nexus-5x-150x150.jpg Featured custom rom,google,Marshmallow,nexus,nexus 5x,roms Just like its predecessor, Nexus 5X has been very popular and sold very much as well. Basically Nexus 5X is successor model of Nexus 5 and it has been loaded with many hardware improvements that make it very adorable smart phone this year. It comes with pure Android operating system, that is Android OS, v6.0... Deepak Gupta dgdeepak000@gmail.com Author Deepak Gupta is a tech geek and founder of AndroidCure, a popular blog dedicated to Android users. Androidcure
Learn 3 different techniques to create 2D long flat shadows and add them to your motion graphic compositions. We will take a look and create those popular long shadows which are very popular amongst the designers creating on the current flat design trend. You don't even need to have a project to work on - I have created a few sample animations which you can work on by downloading the attached project file.
The shadows will be dynamic, which means they will react to any movement that will be going on in your composition. I will show you how to save them as a preset for future use, how to link the shadow itself to a null object and much more handy quick tips like that.
A few benefits of this class:
Get started with After Effects the right way, learn essential tools & a proper workflow
I will touch on topics like precomposing, growing bounds, effects, simple expressions and more
We will use the repeater, work on shape layers, create shapes, duplicate layers etc.
We will be using only build-in effects
You will learn 3 different techniques to use
We will save animation presets for future use
Modernize your compositions - use it for any project
Learn to have fun inside of After Effects with a new technique
...What are you waiting for? Enroll now and let us start applying modern flat shadows to our animations!
Translated Suntory Scene
Translated dialog from the hilarious Suntory Time whiskey commercial scene from the film Lost in Translation.
Bob, who is in town to make a whiskey commercial, doesn't speak Japanese. His director (Yutaka Tadokoro), a histrionic Japanese hipster, doesn't speak English. In one scene, Bob goes on the set and tries to understand the director through a demure interpreter (Akiko Takeshita), who is either unable or (more likely) unwilling to translate everything the director is rattling on about.
Needless to say, Bob is lost. And without subtitles, so is the audience. Here, translated into English, is what the fulmination is really about.
DIRECTOR (in Japanese to the interpreter): The translation is very
important, O.K.? The translation.
INTERPRETER: Yes, of course. I understand.
DIRECTOR: Mr. Bob-san. You are sitting quietly in your study. And then
there is a bottle of Suntory whiskey on top of the table. You
understand, right? With wholehearted feeling, slowly, look at the
camera, tenderly, and as if you are meeting old friends, say the
words. As if you are Bogie in "Casablanca," saying, "Cheers to you
guys," Suntory time!
INTERPRETER: He wants you to turn, look in camera. O.K.?
BOB: That's all he said?
INTERPRETER: Yes, turn to camera.
BOB: Does he want me to, to turn from the right or turn from the left?
INTERPRETER (in very formal Japanese to the director): He has prepared
and is ready. And he wants to know, when the camera rolls, would you
prefer that he turn to the left, or would you prefer that he turn to
the right? And that is the kind of thing he would like to know, if you
don't mind.
DIRECTOR (very brusquely, and in much more colloquial Japanese):
Either way is fine. That kind of thing doesn't matter. We don't have
time, Bob-san, O.K.? You need to hurry. Raise the tension. Look at the
camera. Slowly, with passion. It's passion that we want. Do you
understand?
INTERPRETER (In English, to Bob): Right side. And, uh, with intensity.
BOB: Is that everything? It seemed like he said quite a bit more than
that.
DIRECTOR: What you are talking about is not just whiskey, you know. Do
you understand? It's like you are meeting old friends. Softly,
tenderly. Gently. Let your feelings boil up. Tension is important!
Don't forget.
INTERPRETER (in English, to Bob): Like an old friend, and into the camera.
BOB: O.K.
DIRECTOR: You understand? You love whiskey. It's Suntory time! O.K.?
BOB: O.K.
DIRECTOR: O.K.? O.K., let's roll. Start.
BOB: For relaxing times, make it Suntory time.
DIRECTOR: Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut! (Then in a very male form of
Japanese, like a father speaking to a wayward child) Don't try to fool
me. Don't pretend you don't understand. Do you even understand what we
are trying to do? Suntory is very exclusive. The sound of the words is
important. It's an expensive drink. This is No. 1. Now do it again,
and you have to feel that this is exclusive. O.K.? This is not an
everyday whiskey you know.
INTERPRETER: Could you do it slower and ?
DIRECTOR: With more ecstatic emotion.
INTERPRETER: More intensity.
DIRECTOR (in English): Suntory time! Roll.
BOB: For relaxing times, make it Suntory time.
DIRECTOR: Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut! God, I'm begging you.
Posted originally in NY Times
National Novel Writing Month has begun (as has National Blog Posting Month). I'm slightly ahead of the game, because in October, I finished the third novel in the non-magic fantasy series I've been writing, Ascendant Realms. But I shall endeavor to write as much of book four as I possible can this month.
The first two books of this series (Adversaries Together and Winterfinding, which are both FREE for digital download) were both written during NaNoWriMo. Written in just thirty days, both books could benefit from some professional proofreading. As an indie author with a budget for nearly nothing to augment my writing, I think both books are pretty good. Given that I picked an oversaturated and hypercritical genre, that my strength has always been poetry (and even that was never really pleasant to read), and that I have barely any resources to spend on the projects, I'm happy with what I've crafted.
I think The Punishment Hand, book three that's available now, is a good story. What's more, I think it's a book that makes the entire series stronger because the characters in it are growing into directions that are surprising me. Well, not surprising but rather making it a whole lot of fun for me to write.
What made writing The Punishment Hand enjoyable was letting my characters be more than tropes. I think I've set them up to become very interesting over the next few books (I plan on writing four more to complete the series). In the past, I've talked about the races in the world I'm creating. I had intended to write (and still do) a post where I give more detail about the dominant religion of Syr Nebra. But thinking about the book I just completed and the next one, I've been dwelling on character. In this post, I want to focus on the three major women characters of the story: Jena Char, Fery Landis, and Kira Ambrose.
I don't know if I'm writing convincing woman characters, but I'm trying to while making them more than mere props. In my second book, Jena's story came forward as a much more significant character than I had planned. In fact, her story (cleaning up after the battle that ended Adversaries Together and securing a future for the boy Colm) turned into a more than just a heist or a tying up loose ends piece as I had initially planned. Writing Jena's story not only deepened her character but allowed me to introduce other minor ones that I'm going to revisit in the future (specifically, Jej, Addison, and the Scrivener).
Jena is tough, smart, independent, and anything but the typical heroine. I hate fantasy depictions (in books, in games, comics, and especially art) of women fighters that are essentially fanboy porn (even when they have pants on). The pics below are some rather representative examples–painfully stupid wankbait.
When I conceive of Jena, I don't imagine a woman in a man's world, some male-gaze heroine, or some bitter feminist. She has to fight against all of that nonsense just to be the person she wants to be. This is why she's a match with Roth (not necessarily romantic, though I'm not ruling that out), the world she is experiencing is a world she has to endure. So the image I have in my mind of Jena is closer to an actual person, not some toy or fantasy.
I want Jena to be a character that is beyond the standard cis-heteronormative depictions. I'm not there yet with her character. She has a rather obscure sexuality. In Winterfinding, she has a sort of tryst with the woman Jej but throughout the books she has a desire to be with Roth (a character whose own sexuality is in question) and in The Punishment Hand flirts with Goshen. But each of these encounters is rather skewed. With Jej it's clear Jena was more than a bit tipsy and/or bored. I wrote Jej as a kind of fawning admirer that more often than not annoyed Jena. With Roth, there's an undercurrent of attraction (I think because I've written the two to be so similar), but are they just close friends or is there more there? When I first conceived of Roth, it was as a trans character. I don't have the confidence or skill to pull that off yet but I think I have been rather successful at writing him as asexual with a desire to be with Jena. So, we'll see where it goes. Point is, Jena is a fucking badass and has become one of my favorite character (I want her to be a mix of Starbuck, Faith, & Princess Leia–is this even possible?).
Then there's Fery Landis. When I first wrote Fery, she was meant to be a slightly more experienced version of Kira. But as I got into her character, I realized that she wasn't slightly more experienced, she was damn tough. Her father, Wynne Landis, is the leader of Rikonen, which means he's somewhere in-between a mayor and a governor, so she is born into the ruling class. I sort of wanted her to be a spoiled rich/privileged girl, but the character resisted that. Fery had to survive on her own in a city tearing itself apart–rapist gangs, mobs of cannibals, and panicked opportunists. She pried a brick of cheese from a corpse's hands so she could live. Prissy girls don't do that.
Fery is a ribbon-dancer. The idea is very simple, she's meant to be a sort of rhythmic gymnast (the kind of gymnast that performs with the ball, baton, and ribbon). I've always thought that rhythmic gymnastics was one of the most graceful meldings of dance, performance, and athleticism out there. Put knives or swords in the hands of a rhythmic gymnastic… So she isn't just a spoiled rich girl, she's a woman that's been raised in privilege but knows that she has a responsibility towards others. Is it the most original trope? No. Is it effective and kinda relatable? Sure.
Fery was meant as my story's the middle ground woman character (between the world weary Jena and the naive Kira), but she's grown into more than that. Writing Winterfinding, I've come to realize that Fery is a clever woman who knows more than most. She's fiercely loyal and impatient with anything she sees as tedious or just stupid. In my third book, I have her pushback against being coerced into wearing a hijab-like garment because of the religious fanatics in the city of Sulecin (although a part of me feels that this was too cliche of a move, one that reinforces stereotypes rather than break free of them). Over the course of The Punishment Hand she develops a relationship with the mercenary Declan Rainway and a close friendship with Kira. I don't know where Fery's character is going; she could still really surprise me.
Of the women I've written, Kira Ambrose is perhaps the most underdeveloped and the most difficult for me to get a handle on. Kira is an alm (a nun, if you will) and has been presented as a sort of naive character. Her first time outside of her some city, she's attacked, kidnapped, and thrown into a plot that destroys who she thinks she is. What keeps Kira going is her faith, her belief in the fundamental goodness of people. In the handful scenes she has in Winterfinding, I present her as conflicted and hurting as she blames herself for what is happening not just to those around her but to the larger world. She is wrestling with massive amounts of guilt as well as the shock of what she has known–what she has been raised in and believing–to be if not a lie then a kind of farce. Of all my characters, Kira is experiencing an existential crisis.
I hope as she grows, experiences the world, and has Jena and Roth rub off on her she becomes a more assertive person. She is a character poised to be more than a damsel (which she was in Adversaries Together) and more than a plot device (which is what she was in Winterfinding). Kira could be–Kira will be a prime mover as the story continues. But just how will she develop, I'm unsure. I want her to be more assertive, but I don't want her to become jaded. It's a fine line to walk.
Kira will become a force to be reckoned with, but how? That I haven't figured out yet.
Because I'm writing a non-magic epic fantasy series, I have to pay attention to gender dynamics in the world I'm having my characters inhabit. It's vital that I strive to create a narrative that breaks away from trite and sexist tropes. I'm not sure I've been able to do so. I'm hoping I'm moving in the right direction. What I need to do is keep reading and incorporating the fucking brilliant criticism over at Lady Geek Girl and just simple tips about how to write characters that enrich a story.
As I write book four, I'm acutely aware not just what I want my men characters to do and be but what I want my women characters to be. What I want more than anything is to create a group of heroes that breaks through the tropes and cliches of fantasy without being ham-fisted or forced. I think I'm getting there, but I've got a ways to go…
Advertisements
A rash of injuries has twisted the start of a highly-anticipated season for Wichita State which, wounds be damned, still carries a lot of excitement.
It's not just that the Shockers are moving up to the American Athletic Conference, it's doing so after they finished 31-5 in the 2016-17 season that ended in a 65-62 loss to Kentucky in the second round of the NCAA Tournament that was one of the best games in the Big Dance. Wichita State's season was good enough for a top-10 finish in KenPom.com's rankings and with the Shockers bringing back their top eight scorers, the table is set for another successful run.
College basketball got better and more interesting with Wichita State, a team we project in the top five of all college basketball, bailing on the Missouri Valley for the American this summer.
The Shockers enter 2017-18 at No. 7 in the AP Top 25, their highest preseason ranking. In doing so, start-of-season expectations have never been loftier for a school that's done the remarkable in the past half decade-plus.
Consider that Wichita State's recent success includes:
Making a school-record six consecutive NCAA Tournaments
A Final Four appearance
An undefeated in the regular season
Recruiting and development of multiple NBA players
An average of 30 wins over the last seven seasons.
Joining the American should ideally boost Wichita State's seeding situation come Selection Sunday in 2018 and beyond. By nature of playing in a weakened Missouri Valley Conference, the Shockers have been shortsightedly punished by the selection committee in recent seasons. They lacked the opportunity to land big wins in January, February and early March and so they dropped in the bracket. Despite multiple accepted mainstream metrics highly ranking the Shockers, the committee opted to slot Wichita State -- which from 2015-17 had an average of 27 wins by Selection Sunday -- with an average No. 9 seed.
No ad available
The Shockers responded to the slights (coach Gregg Marshall's frequently been outspoken on this) by winning five NCAA Tournament games vs. Indiana, Kansas, Vanderbilt, Arizona and Dayton -- and nearly knocked off second-seeded Kentucky. Now, landing in a perennial multi-bid league boosts the profile of one of the most discussed programs in college basketball. It's a boon for Marshall and company, and it's a guarantee that if Wichita State has 27 wins come Selection Sunday 2018, it won't be a No. 9 seed or worse.
And yet, for all the good this marriage brings to Wichita State, I'd argue it's even more prosperous for the American. It's a league in need of some oomph, and it's a conference that's also had trouble earning respect from the selection committee. So you fight that off by adding the best member possible. The American is in its fifth year of existence. It's averaged three tourney bids per season in its history and no current member has ever received better than a No. 5 seed. SMU and Cincinnati last season (30 and 29 wins, respectively) both took No. 6 seeds despite strong non-conference performance and good rankings in Sagarin, KenPom, LRMC, etc.
Landry Shamet will be needed to make Wichita State's transition to the AAC a smooth one. USATSI
The American was already sitting at the table (albeit the far end) with the other big basketball conferences, but Wichita State's inclusion seals the deal. In college football we have the Power 5, but in college basketball there is now a Major 7: The ACC, the American, the Big 12, the Big East, the Big Ten, the Pac-12 and the SEC. All are not just multi-bid leagues that objectively have at least one top 25 job or program, but all are now set to separate from other leagues in terms of recruiting and computer rankings.
If there was doubt about the American before, there can't be any longer. Not with Cincinnati (a top-25 all-time program) having its strongest team since the peak Huggins years, not with UConn (more titles since 1999 than any other school) ready to pounce back, not with SMU charging for a fifth consecutive 25-win season. Houston, UCF and Temple all will be above, on or near the bubble this season, and Memphis (traditionally/historically one of the three best programs in the conference) won't stay down for too long. The American has never finished better than seventh in KenPom's conference rankings, but this should be the year it breaks through that wall.
No ad available
Circling back to Wichita State, more evidence of the conference upgrade can be found in non-conference scheduling and on the recruiting trail. Marshall said more coaches are willing to play him now vs. a few years ago. Oklahoma's already signed up for a four-year series with Wichita State. That doesn't happen if the Shockers are still in the Valley.
"Now it seems to be easier," Marshall said. "We're invited to play in several of these neutral games as well."
Plus, Marshall's recruiting radius has increased.
"Is it beneficial? Yeah," Marshall said. "I think being able to say 'We're in the American Conference, we're preseason top 10, those things help in recruiting and help you get in the front door, but they don't close it."
From a public relations and marketing standpoint, the American also gets this blend of a nationally recognizable program that still has a credible claim to play with a chip on its shoulder given how it's been seeded in recent years. The AAC is the "Big Little Guy," in a way. It's a power program with an elite coach and is going to be a team that sells tickets in road venues in the American. But there's still this sniff of mid-major on Wichita State, and even if that's the wrong label, it will contribute to the interest in the team and the league.
No ad available
"We are a team maybe like Gonzaga was and still is, as they came on the scene, people really like that team," Marshall said. "They want to root for us."
I mentioned to Marshall that there is -- just as Gonzaga has -- a contingent of counterculture fans that root against the Shockers and Zags.
"What I think you'll find is those are fans of a BCS program that's not very successful," Marshall said. "There are a lot of schools, and I'm not going to name names, that are fortunate their university was placed in a certain conference so many years ago. Otherwise, they would be viewed very differently. A lot of this is just the conference. 'We're a big-time school, we're a big-time program,' when that's not the case. It's just the league you're in."
If the Shockers can get healthy, this will be among the most well-timed expansion decision by any league in college basketball in the past decade at least. Often times a continental conference shift causes schools in flux to need a year or two to adapt and thrive. But the Shockers are ready to win big now, and if Marshall winds up closing out his career there then this team is always going to be a factor.
No ad available
Expansion isn't always the answer to fix a league's problems, but with Wichita State and the American we seem to have the trifecta nailed.
The school is unquestionably bettered by joining the league. The league is strengthened competitively and marketing-wise by inviting the Shockers. College basketball, from a national viewpoint, is improved by having another conference bolstered to objectively clearing the bar for "major" status.
Welcome to the era of the Major 7.
In the short term, however, there is a catch. Wichita State's planned grand opening as a card-carrying member of the American Athletic Conference has hit a few painful snags.
The Shockers are in the midst of an injury-besetting preseason. Marshall, in his 20th season as a head coach, told CBS Sports this week that it's the most hampered team he's had in the lead-up to a season-opener. Wichita State's two best players, 6-foot-5 point guard Landry Shamet and 6-8 wing Markis McDuffie, are recovering from stress fracture surgeries. McDuffie's return is unknown, but it's looking like mid-to-late December at best. (His foot is still in a cast.) Marshall said he doesn't know when McDuffie will be out of the cast and that it's "hard to project" when his leading scorer and rebounder from a season ago will take the next step toward definitive recovery.
"It's been a tough fall," Marshall said.
Shamet, who had surgery in July, is hopeful to return for the Shockers' season opener at home vs. UMKC on Friday, Nov. 10.
No ad available
"If things continue this way, he could play in the opener," Marshall said. "He was on the practice floor for the first time yesterday (Monday), on a limited deal. Mostly non-contact. Every day we practice he'll do a little more. It's looking good that he'll back unless there's setback."
It's not just those two guys who are out. Sophomore guard Austin Reaves, who's had three shoulder surgeries and beaten mono in recent years, now has tendon discomfort in his foot. The curiosity/fear was that he could be the third player with a stress reaction in his foot, but the X-Rays and MRIs came back negative on that. Other players are dealing with "dings and scrapes" -- senior center Rauno Nurger had two teeth accidentally chipped in practice -- and it's led to having a grad assistant run point guard on the scout team.
If Wichita State had to put a starting five on the floor right now, it would have three projected/returning starters -- Shaq Morris at center, Zach Brown at small forward and Conner Frankamp at shooting guard -- plus Darral Willis at power forward and third string point guard Samajae Haynes-Jones running the offense. The injuries have Wichita State looking a lot different now than it should come March.
"We're getting guys ready to play that ultimately will not be core guys, more like the eighth, ninth men," Marshall said.
No ad available
With this injury-catalyzed roster evolution, Marshall expects 10 guys to average double-digit minutes. If that happens, though it's hard to envision now even with such a high preseason position, the Shockers could wind up even better than predicted. That is the dream scenario for Marshall and the American.
In 2011, the state of Utah passed a law banning taxes on the use of gold and silver coins as currency and permitting residents to remit state taxes in these coins. Big deal, you might say. That's already in the Constitution: “No state shall…make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts.”
Oklahoma has done something similar, confirming that transactions taking place in gold and silver are free from state taxes on the exchange medium. Currently, in federal law, if you buy things with gold, for example, you have to declare as taxable the gain on any market appreciation of the gold you used to make the purchase.
Actually, it's not real federal law. It's just a piece 0f “administrative law,” that poor relation of real law, which an agency, the Internal Revenue Service, came up with outside of the Congressional and the judicial processes. If you look at real law, statutes signed by the president and Supreme Court decisions from over the centuries, it has been affirmed time and again that the feds must consider gold and silver coins and their own paper notes as dollars as denominated, one and the same.
What a delicious opportunity this presents when it comes to taxation. Let's say the members of a community somewhere here in the USA decide to do all their business in gold. The dollar price of everything would be much less. A $3 latte would go for about ten gold cents, in that the price of gold on the market (circa $1267 per ounce) exceeds that of the official Treasury price ($42.22) by a factor of thirty.
If this community is of decent size, any number of businesses and individuals could make close all their income via gold transactions. Somebody might clear, for example, $3000 in gold income in a year, or $90,000 if translated into paper dollars.
Because of the abundantly established legal precedent for treating gold and paper dollars the same, the maximum subject to taxation would be the $3000, an amount easily eliminated by the standard deduction on the income tax.
The IRS says this sort of thing is “frivolous.” But that's administrative law again, as in Philip Hamburger's wonderful new book, Is Administrative Law Unlawful, which of course it is. Freedom of Information Act requests inquiring of the paper-trail within the IRS about how this “frivolous” finding was made have yielded 8,000 pages of internal emails conceding there are no grounds, but let's do it anyway. A writ of certiorari calling on the Supreme Court to stop this nonsense is in the inbox of the august body.
This information comes care of the yearly monetary summit held last week, in Salt Lake City, of the United Precious Metals Association, a group whose board I am pleased to be joining. The UPMA has a smartphone app with which you can set up a gold account and buy things in gold from all sorts of vendors.
You see the peril in this sort of thing's spreading. If lots of vendors start taking gold and paying their taxes in Federal Reserve notes, their costs will become something like one-third less than those of their competitors—because these businesses would effectively be free of taxation. If you can transact in a dollar currency medium (gold) that is worth thirty times more than face value, and then pay your taxes in the paper stuff at face value, others will have no choice but to follow your example to stay viable.
Should this little experiment start to gain a bit in extent, it could have the effect of requiring business in this country to cut their taxation costs by arbitraging the gold-note dollar spread that the United States has allowed to emerge over the past century of serious inflation.
Again (and convention commands me to say that I am no tax lawyer), there is no hope in real law. Once you get out of the lame-o world of agency bureaucrats saying that this is the law, and into the statute books and the high court rulings, the Constitutional specifications that gold and silver coins have the same legal tender and denomination status as any U.S. money shine through every time. In the 19th century in particular, this question was litigated profusely, and the equivalence won.
First it was Bitcoin. Now the new kid on the monetary block is the Constitution. The poor U.S. put that gold and silver equivalence thing in there back in 1787. Since 1985, probably against its own narrow better judgment, the government has resumed issuing gold and silver dollar-denominated coins.
Brace yourself, IRS. You guys have been bluffing with “frivolousness,” and that bluff is getting called. The Federal Reserve and the Treasury, of all people, are going to have to clean house to get the dollar sound again against metal. Otherwise (and does this ever sound musical), real federal receipts will start the process of dwindling toward nil.
I spent much of my childhood in Dublin. For summer holidays, my grandparents rented a house at Sandycove, and I swam there in the shadow of the Joyce Tower. I was about 10 years old and just assumed that this was named after a local girl. It was my grandfather who put me straight – Joyce was no girl, but a great Irish writer. He had stayed in that tower, and the opening scene of his famous book Ulysses starts there. And what's more, its hero was Leopold Bloom, a Dublin Jew. Because my family were Dublin Jewish, my grandfather seemed very proud of that fact.
I doubt if my grandfather had read Ulysses – even if he could have got hold of a copy. He was an upright and devout man, and would have been appalled at what Bloom got up to. I later learned there was much speculation in the community as to whose father or grandfather was the model for Bloom. My father thought it was probably the father of the pharmacist on Lower Clanbrassil Street. (The plaque on “Bloom's house” is on 52 Upper Clanbrassil Street.) When Joyce, aged 22, and his girlfriend, Nora Barnacle, sailed from Dún Laoghaire for Trieste in 1904, there were only about 2,000 Jews in Ireland and most research concludes that Joyce hadn't actually met any of them. For the rest of his life, he only went back to Ireland for three short visits, although everything he wrote was set there.
Many years after my Sandycove experience, having read most of Joyce, a friend lent me The Confessions of Zeno by Italo Svevo. A critic's quote on the cover said it was “one of the great comic novels of the first half of the century”. I read it and he was right. I became a Svevo fan, and read elsewhere that Svevo, a Triestine Jew, could well be the model for Leopold Bloom.
It's an extraordinary coincidence that of the four great modernist writers – Kafka, Proust, Joyce and Svevo – two of them lived in Trieste. In March 1907, serendipity brought Ettore Schmitz (Italo Svevo was a pseudonym) to the Berlitz School, where Joyce was teaching. Svevo worked in his in-laws' maritime paint business. Their paint “kept ships' bottoms clean and free from rust and barnacles.” In the naval build-up to the Great War, their business was booming. About to negotiate a major contract with the British Admiralty in London, Svevo needed to improve his English. Joyce became his teacher and was soon giving him lessons three times a week in Svevo's home, which his wife Livia often attended.
When they first met Joyce was 25, Svevo 46. Despite the difference in their ages and backgrounds, lapsed Catholic and non-observant Jew, the two men had a great deal in common. They were both multi-lingual polymaths, renowned for their wit. Joyce was a heavy drinker, Svevo a heavy smoker, always about to give up. Both were dedicated but unsuccessful writers with day-jobs they could not afford to relinquish. Initially, neither knew the other was a writer. They also complemented each other in a more practical way – Joyce was a great borrower, Svevo a generous lender. It was another serendipity that a man who made his living selling a paint that repelled barnacles was lending money to someone who lived with a woman called Barnacle.
In early November 1907, at the end of a lesson, Joyce read his short story The Dead to Svevo and Livia. Apart from Joyce's brother Stanislaus, they were the first people ever to hear this story. It says much for their taste, as well as their English, that they were both deeply moved by it. Livia went into the garden, picked some flowers, made a bouquet, and presented it to Joyce. From then on, the two men took long walks, Talking constantly about their literary plans and disappointments. An eye-witness reported seeing them, as the fierce bora wind howled around them – “they clung like mountain-climbers to the safety ropes fixed in the downtown streets, but never stopped talking”.
So was it really in Trieste, and not Dublin, that Joyce found his model for Bloom? In fact, Joyce did not need a “model” as such. He was a novelist creating the character of a wandering Everyman. The nature of the Svevo-Bloom connection is best conveyed by Joyce's brother Stanislaus. He also worked at Berlitz, and once stood in for Joyce when he was ill. Afterwards, in his journal, Stanislaus wrote that Svevo said “Tell me some secrets about Irishmen. Your brother has been asking so many questions about Jews that I want to get my own back.” So Joyce was using Svevo rather like a Jewish Google. A critic once asked Joyce did his Ulysses has to be Jewish? His reply was “Yes. Only a foreigner would do. The Jews were foreigners in Dublin at that time. There was no hostility towards them. But contempt, the contempt that people always show towards the unknown.”
Joyce lived in Trieste for 11 years. Then, in 1914, because of his British passport, he became an enemy alien. The Joyce family left for Zurich, and it was there he finished Ulysses, a photograph portrait of Svevo on his desk. Back in war-torn Trieste, Svevo started writing The Confessions of Zeno. In 1919, the Joyces returned to Trieste, but only for a year. They left to live in Paris, but Joyce's friendship with Svevo survived. They corresponded and Svevo made numerous trips to Paris en route to business in London. With the publication of Ulysses in 1922, Joyce became a literary celebrity. It was this success that finally enabled him to repay, at least in kind, all Svevo's generosity. Svevo was having great problems finding a publisher for Zeno – an experience both writers had throughout their years in Trieste. But now Joyce was to put his energy and new-found reputation into promoting Svevo's book with publishers and leading critics in Paris. Joyce's campaign succeeded. The Confessions of Zeno were published there in 1926 to great acclaim, and Svevo was hailed as the “Italian Proust”.
Two years later, Svevo died as the result of a minor car accident. He was 63. Replying to Joyce's letter of condolence, Svevo's widow, Livia, wrote that her husband had likened Joyce's great help and encouragement to that of “a kindly star in the sky”.
James Joyce and Italo Svevo: the story of a friendship is published by Somerville Press
The permanent way to regrow your hair are as follow:-
Hair restoration process:- It is the process by which hair re-growth occurs on the scalp and the best part is that there is no linear scarring on the head. The area is made numb by using a local anaesthesia and the hair follicles that are left in the scalp are first removed from the scalp. Scalp reduction procedure:- Another famous process used as a permanent solution for hair loss, scalp reduction is a surgical method that removes the bald scalp as well as stretches the scalp that has hair towards the bald scalp. Every surgeon can't do this, only experts can do this surgery properly. This process requires a huge amount of money.
Expert Hair Transplant India is the best place for hair transplant surgery.
And if yopu are form delhi than you can go for their hair transplant clinic in rohini.
Epic doesn't even begin to describe what this game will be, but have you heard they are going to make some changes? They are necessary.
My Jaw still hurts from hitting the floor…
So it is fair to say that my jaw won't recover from such an experience for some time… I sat, poised, waiting for all of the goodies that Sony had to offer Monday night, fully expecting a surprise, like maybe a new game from Rockstar, or a fresh IP that would blow the world away….what happened next caused sever damage to my lower mandible.
As I was rushing to the hospital to repair my jaw, fractured in 26 places, I never took my attention away from the accident that caused it. In front of me was the most insane and unreal event to happen in over 10 years – the announcement of Final Fantasy VII Remake . Now I had practically resigned myself to the idea that this game was at least 5 more years away by the constant deflecting and frustration from the SquareEnix team that was responsible for it. How wrong was I?! Let's just watch this one more time before we get to the juicy stuff…
Change is imminent and I want it
Yeah I know that it would be easier if they just remastered the game and tossed it to the shelves. It would probably do very well, but that isn't enough. At the VERY least, we need expansions. Some sort of way to continue our story or preface it and tie it into the story that made Square Soft a powerhouse and the ability to absorb its Enix half. I would personally like to have a prequel story added on to it. Something that shows us the Cloud of old…The Cloud that wasn't broken by time and heartache.
Okay, yes I understand your trepidation…What if this turns out to be a total disaster? I am sure the SE has carefully looked at what this could mean for the company…..In theory it could spell the end for them. When you toy with one of our most beloved games of all time, you toy with our hearts.
Maybe we will get to delve into the background story of some of our other favorite characters… Maybe it will be some extra add-ons for Tifa? I mean i'd like to see more along the Barrett storyline too – maybe have him voiced by Terry Crews…. ha.
We have been hearing and kind of seeing the new battle layout for Final Fantasy XV – could we see this adapted to FF7? I wouldn't mind spending more time in the story and less time doing random encounters, so I'm not sure.
What if we see some new weapons for each character or maybe a whole new set of designs for Bahamut?
Consensus
I am not the only one who is feeling like this, just go take a gander at the internet searches for FF7 Remake and notice that many of us are hoping for an additional story for our favorite game. Maybe new and exciting twists that would have made the original better! We have to see something new because it will fade into the rift like other remastered titles before it. I am sure they are building from the ground up so any addition should be fairly straight forward.
Tell us what you would like to see in the comments below and feel free to follow our site with the link on the home page! If you don't think they will change a thing, keep in mind they called it a ‘Remake' not a ‘Remaster'…
Check. Check. Over and Out,
-Jacedilla
Advertisements
A woman who killed a man nearly three years ago while driving drunk near Lawrencetown Beach has been granted full parole.
Kyla Marie MacLellan is serving a five-year sentence for impaired driving causing death and impaired driving causing bodily harm after her Honda Civic smashed into an SUV driven by Mark Burnett, killing the 55-year-old in July 2013. A passenger in MacLellan's car was also injured.
MacLellan served less than a quarter of her prison sentence before she was transferred to a halfway house late last year.
The Parole Board of Canada has now granted the woman full parole, noting MacLellan has made a great deal of progress, including completing her high school education.
However, the board said she still faces challenges.
'Partying lifestyle'
"You have been part of a 'partying' lifestyle, using drugs and alcohol at times to excess," the board wrote in its most recent decision. "Seeking to be accepted by others pursuing such a lifestyle."
As a result, the board is ordering MacLellan to abstain from drugs and alcohol.
"Your offences caused tremendous suffering for the family members of your victim; any contact with members of your victim's family would increase their trauma and possibly lead to further tension and conflict," the board said.
To guard against that, the board has ordered MacLellan to avoid any contact with Burnett's family. The board has also added an unusual geographic restriction: MacLellan must stay away from Lawrencetown and Enfield, to reduce the likelihood she'll run into anyone affected by the crash.
Because she's made bad choices in the past, the parole board is also requiring MacLellan to report any relationships with men.
Steve Mason has had a terrible season. Really. It's been awful. Through 44 games this season, he has a 2.78 goals-against average, .905 save percentage and is barely floating above the .500 mark. That's a far cry from the numbers he's posted in recent years, most notably the 2014-15 campaign when he turned in a 2.25 GAA and .928 SP over 51 games. None of this is to mention his 5-on-5 save percentage numbers, which were among the best over the past two seasons only to slip to nearly dead last in the league among starting netminders this season.
The only reason Mason is starting is because Michal Neuvirth hasn't been much better. Neuvirth is sporting an ugly 2.90 GAA, .887 SP and has allowed four or more goals against in nearly half of the games he's started. That's why it seemed so odd that Neuvirth was handed a two-year, $5-million extension on deadline day. He hasn't been all that good, so why bother? And, as we've argued here before, if any of the two Flyers goaltenders deserves a shot at redemption, isn't it Mason? You know, the one who had posted numbers comparable to those of the league's best before struggling this season?
But while the move is admittedly odd from a statistical standpoint, Flyers GM Ron Hextall isn't a fool for inking Neuvirth. Rather, he's thinking ahead. All the way ahead to the expansion draft, in fact.
Before the Flyers signed Neuvirth to the extension, they were in a position to have to expose goaltending prospect Anthony Stolarz at the expansion draft. He was the only netminder in the system that met the requirement for the draft and the 23-year-old aren't exactly someone Philadelphia wanted to leave unprotected heading into next season. It's hard to make projections at the moment about what the Flyers' roster could look like next season, but a safe bet would say if there were no expansion drafts coming, Stolarz would be close to a lock as the team's backup. So, by signing Neuvirth, the Flyers now have a second goaltender under contract who meets the expansion draft requirements and one they can expose when the Golden Knights go to select their team.
What does that mean for Mason? Well, as of right now, the Flyers will likely leave Mason exposed. The tricky thing is, though, that Vegas is only allowed to select 10 players without contracts for the 2017-18 season. There's nothing stopping them from making Mason one of those, yes, but if Vegas can't come to terms with Mason during a short negotiation window ahead of the expansion draft, there's really no reason to select him from the Flyers.
In that sense, Mason has been given a certain form of protection by the Flyers, while Philadelphia has also paved a way to protect Stolarz. That's not to mention that since Mason's the Flyers' asset, there's nothing stopping Hextall from talking deal with Mason's camp leading up to Vegas' negotiation window. The Flyers and Mason can get close to an extension without actually signing a deal, and, following the expansion draft, they can sign on the dotted line without fear of exposing the netminder.
Hextall's play with Mason is above board, too, and the Flyers GM isn't the only one using this method to protect his free agents.
On Thursday, Sportsnet's Eric Engels reported that Canadiens GM Marc Bergevin danced around it, but the feeling is Alexander Radulov won't be signed before the expansion draft. That makes sense, too. Bergevin isn't about to let Radulov, who has been outstanding for Montreal in his first season back from the KHL, walk in free agency if it can be helped, but Bergevin surely understands that having the extra spot to retain a roster player can be useful. Without Radulov officially protected and saved only because he has no contract, the Canadiens can protect an additional forward come June's expansion draft. It may not be much, but it's something, and if it allows the Canadiens to hang on to someone like Paul Byron, who is having a dream season, it's a smart choice.
There are a number of other intriguing free agents still without extensions for the coming season or seasons, and one can only assume the expansion draft is at least partially responsible. Sticking in Montreal, Andrei Markov remains a key part of the Canadiens defense even into his late-30s. He's set to become a UFA, and it wouldn't be shocking if he doesn't land a deal to remain a Canadien until after the expansion draft. Joe Thornton is unlikely to go anywhere other than San Jose after spending the past 12 years of his career as a Shark, but he's without a contract for 2017-18. The same goes for Patrick Marleau, a career Shark. And what of T.J. Oshie? It seems the Capitals will at least take a run at signing the 30-year-old before he hits the open market. But doing so before the expansion draft doesn't seem realistic.
And one of the more interesting cases is Mike Fisher. Named captain of the Predators before the season began, he's without a deal for 2017-18. It's unlikely Nashville is going to let Fisher head elsewhere, especially after a season in which he's on pace to score 21 goals and 48 points. It's likely Fisher sticks around for another seasons or two in Music City at the very least, but keeping him without a deal ensures the Predators won't have to protect the veteran pivot or use up a precious protection spot on their captain. For a team that's likely going to prefer the eight-skaters approach over the seven forwards, three defensemen route, not having to protect Fisher allows the Predators to save one more skater.
In that way, the likes of Fisher, Radulov and Mason aren't all that dissimilar; players their respective teams have an eye on keeping, but ones who will likely be left exposed in order to save a spot to protect another skater. It's not the traditional protection route, to be sure, but it's a clever one that stands to save some teams from having to say goodbye to another non-free agent player who may have otherwise been lost.
Want more in-depth features and expert analysis on the game you love? Subscribe to The Hockey News magazine.
The man who says he was the mastermind of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack seeks to justify the plot as a "natural reaction" to U.S. foreign policy in a blistering letter sent to then President Barack Obama from the Guantanamo prison.
Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, one of five Guantanamo prisoners facing trial by military commission for their alleged roles in the hijacking plot, also writes in the letter released Wednesday that it does not matter to him if he receives a life sentence or the death penalty from the tribunal.
"If your court sentences me to life in prison, I will be very happy to be alone in my cell to worship Allah the rest of my life and repent to him all my sins and misdeeds," Mohammad wrote. "And if your court sentences me to death, I will be even happier to meet Allah and the prophets and see my best friends whom you killed unjustly all around the world and to see Sheikh Usama Bin Laden."
Mohammad sought to send the letter in 2015 but was prevented by prison authorities and later by the military judge presiding over his case at the request of prosecutors, who labeled it "propaganda." After litigating the issue, the tribunal allowed the letter to go through last month just as Obama was leaving the presidency.
The letter also condemns Obama, saying the former president's hands are "still wet with the blood of our brothers and sisters," a reference to the deaths of Palestinian civilians in Gaza at the hands of Israeli forces as well as those killed by U.S. drone strikes in Yemen and elsewhere.
"The two blessed attacks in Washington and New York adhered to all universal laws and were a natural reaction to your destructive policies towards the Islamic world," Mohammad wrote.
The contents of the letter were first published by The Miami Herald. A copy was provided to The Associated Press by lawyers for the prisoner. They expressed doubt Obama saw it since it reached the White House only days before the end of his administration.
Marine Corps Maj. Derek Poteet, a military lawyer appointed to represent Mohammad, said his client started the letter in 2014, prompted by civilian deaths in Gaza and said it echoes arguments he has made throughout his time in confinement.
"It appears to be a continuation of a consistent theme that he believes Americans do not count the casualties experienced by others around the world, perhaps especially Muslims, as being valuable," Poteet said.
Mohammad and his co-defendants face charges that include hijacking, terrorism and nearly 3,000 counts of murder in violation of the laws of war in a case that remains in the pretrial stage.
In a closed 2007 appearance before a panel of military officers, he said he planned the Sept. 11 attacks "from A to Z" and had been involved in many other plots. He said he personally beheaded Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl with his "blessed right hand," according to a transcript.
At his first public court hearing in 2008, he chanted verses of the Quran and said he would welcome becoming a martyr for his Sept. 11 role. The following year he released a written statement calling the attacks a "noble victory."
The chief prosecutor did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Mohammad's letter, but in a court filing the prosecution said Mohammad should not be allowed to "to disseminate propaganda wholly unrelated to this commission proceeding."
ADVERTISEMENT
Being rich is more pleasant than not being rich for many reasons, one of which is that the more money you have, the less society's rules and obligations weigh on you. You slide through life using your wealth and connections to avoid the hassles and complications that occupy ordinary people, seldom having your choices impeded by what others or even the government demand of you. In theory the rules apply to everyone, but in practice there are almost always ways around them that are only available to a few.
A wealthy person with a powerful conscience and moral foundation can avoid having that fact turn them into a jerk, the kind of person who would look down with contempt on the plebes shuffling through their modest lives without ever knowing the rush that comes from shooting an exotic animal while on safari or evicting a poor family from their home. President Trump, however, is not possessed of such a conscience.
In fact, his entire life has been defined by the fact that the rules haven't applied to him. So on those rare occasions when he finds himself constrained by rules, he loses control. He becomes erratic, petulant, self-pitying, and begins to undermine himself and his goals. And that's what's happening now.
Let me refer you to these recent entries from the clearest window we have into the president's psyche — his Twitter feed:
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017 You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017
Who is the "they" of whom he speaks in the first tweet? His enemies are everywhere, like Lilliputians binding him with ropes of injustice. And in the second, we learn that Special Counsel Robert Mueller — as much of a Dudley Do-Right as they come, one of the rare people in Washington respected by Democrats and Republicans alike — is one of the "very bad and conflicted people!"
Don't forget, this investigation is just getting started; Mueller was appointed only a month ago. We've learned that he is investigating Trump for possible obstruction of justice, which isn't exactly surprising given that Trump admitted on national television that he fired FBI Director James Comey in order to shut down the investigation into his campaign's connections to Russia.
But to Trump, Mueller's investigation is maddening. Who is this joker to tell him what he can and can't do? So what if there are "rules" and "laws"? He's Donald Trump! If he wants to tell the director of national intelligence to get the FBI to back off, that's what he'll do.
So now White House officials are desperately trying to convince Trump not to fire Mueller — which would be an almost perfect echo of the Saturday Night Massacre during the Watergate scandal — and hoping to keep him away from Twitter. "People close to Mr. Trump say he is so volatile they cannot be sure that he will not change his mind about [firing] Mr. Mueller if he finds out anything to lead him to believe the investigation has been compromised," reports The New York Times. The Wall Street Journal adds that "aides to Mr. Trump have warned him not to tweet about the Russia investigation, an inquiry in which any statement he makes could become fodder for investigators." Will he listen? Of course not.
Alas, it turns out that the laws apply even to the president. The farther along this investigation goes and the more it reveals, the angrier Trump is likely to get. We've seen this before. When the victims of his Trump University scam united to sue him, he was amazed that the judge in the case might not rule on every motion in his favor, so he lashed out, saying the judge was biased against him because "he's a Mexican" (in the end, Trump was forced to pay the victims $25 million). When one court after another struck down his ban on visitors from a set of majority-Muslim countries, he raged about it. Who did some "so-called judge" think he was to get in Donald Trump's way?
You can almost understand it, if you think about Trump's life experience. When have the rules ever applied to him? He grew up rich, cheated on his wives, evaded financial disaster through multiple bankruptcies (always leaving someone else holding the bag), consorted with sketchy characters, cheated vendors, scammed regular people, and basically lied his way through seven decades on Earth. And then what happened? He ran for president, obeying none of the rules people told him he'd have to adhere to in order to win, yet win he did — with an entire party of bootlickers standing behind him to nod their heads and defend every dirtbag thing he did. And now he's supposed to tolerate some two-bit judge or prosecutor telling him that he broke the rules?
Ironically, Trump tends to claim that he's being treated unfairly — which is at its heart an appeal to a system of rules and standards that ought to be applied equally — precisely at those moments when he is being forced to live by the same rules as everyone else. Whenever he's whining that the news media should only praise him or that he should be left alone by the courts or that the IRS should stop looking at his tax returns, chances are he'll say, "I'm being treated very unfairly!" As far as he's concerned, fairness is when everybody let's Donald do whatever Donald wants.
He's gotten pretty far with that perspective, but there are some rules that can't be ignored, no matter who you are. That's something that he's likely to find out.
Loading ... Loading ...
Many of us, surveying the minefield of technologically advanced methods of dealing with illness and disease, are seeking alternative routes to healing. Drug resistance and dependency and the over-prescription of mind-altering medication to help people cope with stressful life situations can never be the answer for souls seeking to heal themselves naturally, without using drugs forced upon them from the all-powerful pharmaceutical Mafia. Consider alternative ways of healing yourself.
Bioresonance Therapy
A non-invasive, gentle, homeopathic therapy that has been growing in stature for 50 years now.
A German doctor, Franz Morell, who was interested in quantum physics, realized that all living cells making up the human body generate electromagnetic waves in identifiable and unique frequencies – just like all other matter.
The toxins, viruses and allergens–all of the pathogens that attack healthy cells bringing disease–also produce particular patterns. If both the healthy and unhealthy waves could be identified and isolated it might be possible to boost or feed the healthy waves and destroy or reverse the unhealthy ones while supporting the body's self healing ability. [By 1977, working with Erich Rasche and Ludger Mersmann, scientists had designed just such a filter to separate healthy and diseased electromagnetic signals.]
Bioresonance Therapy is the process of boosting healthy cells and returning them to the body and inverting diseased signals, which, when also returned to the body, have the effect of negating previous damage. The biofeedback is delivered via electrodes on the skin which supports and restores self-regulation naturally.
Sound Therapy
In sound therapy the use of sound frequencies, coupled with body massage, meditation and ideally, percussion instruments, also supplies efficacious alternative healing.
It is important to differentiate between Music Therapy and Sound Therapy. Yet, we know that music/sound can both be beneficial. Music therapy is a three-way relationship; the client, the therapist and the music. The musical experience, a mix of cultural and emotional reactions, is the agent of change.
In sound therapy the agent of change is the healing power of vibrations which act on the “subtle body.” The “subtle body” is our energetic body; the source of our life-force. Using tuning forks for instance, we can produce the low frequencies that release nitric acid via brain chemistry into the body as a whole.
This produces a positive effect on our body's relationship to pain and clears the pathways for self-healing. Himalayan singing bowls, Tibetan gongs, cymbals and wind chimes are some of the traditional instruments used.
Chi Nei Tsang i.e. Internal Organ Chi Massage
This therapy was developed by ancient Taoist Monks to strengthen their bodies for the demands of strenuous spiritual devotions.
It is based on two concepts; the oneness of mind, body and spirit, and that ill health is caused by unresolved emotional issues. It takes the form of deep massage of the connective tissue (facia) linking vital organs in the body cavity.
It literally means, “working the energy of the internal organs.” The massage detects tensions and blockages in the organs, releases them, and opens the passages for chi, “energy,” to flow through the system powerfully.
The therapy has a detoxifying effect; it corrects postural problems and releases muscle and skeletal pain. Poor digestion signals pent-up emotional problems and Chi Nei Tsang realigns the digestive system which improves the patient's abilities to “digest” his emotional blockages.
This is useful in combination with some psychotherapy. The therapy teaches the patient that he is responsible for his own well-being. Improved breathing techniques also empower the person to harness their own self-healing capabilities.
This is how a session looks.
Light Therapy i.e. Phototherapy
There is anecdotal evidence that exposure to sunlight and light in general, makes one feel better, as well as documented proof that lack of light will cause nutritional deficiencies. This is because many enzymes, hormones and vitamins need light for proper functioning.
Without sunlight for instance, vitamin D cannot be metabolized— one of the reasons early sailors developed rickets during long voyages at sea.
Light therapy is based on the fact that monochromatic light promotes DNA stimulation of the lipo-protein in our cells to perform optimally. The patient is placed near a therapy box that emits light that mimics daylight. The proximity of the box, intensity of the light and duration of the treatment is monitored by the therapist.
It is most successful for people who suffer from Seasonal Affective Disorder, (SAD) but has also proved effective in treating non-seasonal depression, sleep disorders, jet-lag, some types of acne. New research suggests, it might have an application in relieving dementia as well.
Chakra Realignment
This is the most accessible alternative healing therapy and it is achieved mainly by practicing Yoga. Hindu philosophy teaches us that there are many energy centers (chakras) in our body, and when these are well aligned, vital energy flows strongly through our system.
If they are out of balance, the following vital chakras must be aligned via correct breathing, exercising and meditation:
Root [– at the base of the spine]
Sacral [– lower abdomen, about 2 inches below the navel]
Solar Plexus [ – upper abdomen, near the stomach]
Heart [– centre of the chest, just above the level of the heart]
Throat [– in the region of the “Adam's apple”]
Third Eye [– middle of the forehead]
Crown [– top of the head]
Some of the therapies mentioned might not be suited for everyone. Certainly consult your doctor and do your own research before trying any of them. This article is merely meant to show that in many cases, there are alternatives to healing ourselves without using modern medicine that has become far too reliant on pharmaceuticals.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Oscar-Nominated Filmmaker Misuses DMCA To Take Down Video Of Reporter Asking Him Tough Questions
from the copyright-as-censorship dept
And here we are with yet another example of someone using copyright for censorship. Stephan Kinsella points us to the news that Josh Fox, the Oscar-nominated filmmaker of the documentary Gasland , has apparently sent a takedown notice to YouTube , concerning a video of a reporter asking him some pointed questions about apparent omissions in the film. The reporter posted the 3-minute video to YouTube, which is almost entirely footage of him asking Fox questions at a screening. Early in the clip there is 26-seconds of footage fromto provide the context of the questioning. This seems like a classic case of fair use, and yet if you visit the YouTube clip that the guy uploaded, you see this:The journalist has now reposted the video to Vimeo, where he hopes it'll stay up (: and... just like that, it's gone too):It's almost impossible to construct a scenario where that's not fair use. Whether or not you agree with Fox or the reporter concerning issues of natural gas drilling and "fracking" (and I actually consider myself among those who is concerned about fracking -- the issue that Fox tried to highlight with his documentary), we should all agree that it's absolutely wrong and abusive to use the DMCA in this manner. The guy asked Fox some tough questions, and he answered them. He might not like how the video appeared. Issuing a bogus copyright takedown claim is an abuse of the law (for which there are penalties) and, even worse, makes him look like he's running scared from these questions and unwilling to deal with them further.Fox is free to argue that the clip misrepresented him, misquoted him or otherwise was unfair or questionable, if he believes that's the case. He can argue that he didn't give good answers and would like to answer the questions more fully. But what he should not be able to do is to issue a totally bogus copyright claim on the video which is clearly fair use, and where he's obviously not using copyright law as intended, but as a way to silence a critic of his.
Filed Under: copyright, dmca, fracking, gasland, josh fox, videos
Much has been made since the weekend of the so-called seismic shift in Irish politics that took place at this election.
“People have voted for a fair and equal Ireland which has high-quality public services. wrote Dr Rory Hearne of the left-leaning Tasc think tank yesterday. “This represents a significant shift in the political value base of voters.”
“The narratives that chimed with voters were somewhat fragmented,” wrote Fintan O'Toole on a similar theme in this newspaper. “But they cohere around a core set of ideas: the urgent need to shift towards greater equality and rebuild the services necessary for individual and collective dignity.”
Perhaps this is all true, although it depends on which way you squint at it. Commentators tend to pick and choose their numbers to suit the argument they're making at the time.
In the 2011 general election, left-wing parties (Labour, Sinn Féin and the United Left Alliance) received 31.5 per cent of the vote. In this contest, the nearest equivalent array of parties (Sinn Féin, Labour, AAA-PBP and Social Democrats) received 27 per cent.
A couple of former ULA TDs were successfully returned as Independents, but their impact on the national result is marginal. And of the 24 or so Independents elected across the country, only a third could be described as left-wing.
(Some will argue that the Labour Party should not be considered left, but they can't have it both ways. The 19 per cent of the electorate who voted Labour in 2011 must have believed they were voting for a left party; otherwise the charge that they were subsequently misled doesn't stand up.)
Significant shift?
“The spectrum may be very wide, but so is the consensus it represents: at least two-thirds of voters are somewhere on it,” O'Toole agreed. That assertion sits oddly, though, with the long-standing accompanying argument: that any differences between the two largest parties are minimal.
There is no doubt that the result of this election represents a resounding rejection of the proposition from Fine Gael and Labour that they deserved to be returned to power on the basis of their performance in office and their plans for the next five years.
Ipsos/MRBI polls carried out for The Irish Times in the run-up to the campaign indicated that voters were far more inclined to want extra spending on health and housing than to demand tax cuts.
For some reason, Fine Gael in particular did not get the same message from its own research, or chose not to believe it. Fianna Fáil, on the other hand, heard it loud and clear and positioned itself as the “fairer recovery” party.
Yet again, an outgoing Fine Gael/Labour administration failed to judge the popular mood correctly, and a Fianna Fáil opposition cannily took advantage. This is hardly a new phenomenon in Irish political history, but those pining for realignment of politics along a “normal” ideological axis should probably pause for thought before welcoming the fact that Fianna Fáil has, yet again, stolen the left's clothes.
Beyond the core economic debate, it was suggested before the election that younger, socially progressive voters energised by last year's marriage equality referendum would now coalesce around the Repeal the Eighth campaign.
Little for repeal
Meanwhile, whatever the success of gender quotas, the new Dáil will be a less diverse place when it comes to sexual orientation, with the number of openly gay or lesbian deputies reduced from four to two.
In 2011, at a moment of existential crisis, the Irish people took the least radical option for change. In 2016, they've done much the same thing. The rise of Independents and emergence of small parties may make the new Dáil more interesting and less predictable, but it hardly represents the fundamental change that some claim to see.
Culture editor Hugh Linehan presents the Inside Politics podcast on irishtimes.com
So after we started this year's fundraiser, something kinda odd happened.
We got a few e-mails and comments that we weren't expecting. Stuff like this:
“Last year I happened to donate after the $0.33 sub-lottery was announced. That has primed me to delay my donation this year until late into the fundraiser, to ensure I don't unintentionally disqualify myself from any surprises.”
This is calling back to last year, where we threw in a special lottery for folks who donated and included .33 at the end of their donation. At the time, it was the only way we had of tracking who might be interested, due to the limited nature of the donation page.
Honestly, I didn't intend to do anything similar this year.
Still, people were obviously expecting it, as shown by some of the donations:
So I decided to do something special for the fundraiser this year too.
Here's a video explaining it.
God, I really do have an overwhelmingly big beard, don't I?
Here are a few more details:
Three complete sets of Cealdish Coins.
These sets of coins include the alternate versions of both the drab and the talent, as well as what is very likely to be version 2 of the drab.
There are only 95 of these. And now three of them are in the lottery, where anyone who donates can win them.
Three Stealth Rothfuss copies of The Slow Regard of Silent Things.
In a previous blog, I talk about how I found this odd misprinted book book. Since then, I discovered that other members of the Worldbuilders team had found a few, too and were hoarding them.
So I annexed them, and now we're putting these into the lottery as well. I'll probably stealth sign each of them in a special way, hidden somewhere in the book next to one of my favorite sections….
(Addendum/correction: When I shot the above video, the auction for this misprint was at 200 bucks, but overnight that went over 300 dollars.)
Three Patrick Rothfuss Favor Rings.
One of these is currently up for auction going for over $11,000. Let's just paste in the description from the auction, shall we?
This is a 10-karat gold ring redeemable for one (1) favor from Patrick Rothfuss.
Possible uses for the favor include:
Asking Pat to insert your name/likeness into a future book or story.
Asking Pat's assistance wooing the object of your affection, preferably under a balcony at night.
Asking Pat to read & critique your unpublished manuscript (or your published one, if you want.)
Asking Pat give a reading/workshop at your local library or University.
Asking Pat to give a reading/workshop at your house.
Asking Pat to give a reading/workshop in your bedroom.
Asking Pat to help you move a particularly heavy couch.
Asking Pat to follow you on Twitter and post kitten pictures to you.
This favor has no expiration date. It can be traded, transferred, sold, or lost. In essence, the ring *is* the favor. You give the ring back when you cash in your favor. So if you lose it, you've kinda fucked yourself.
The nature of this favor is fairly open-ended, though some negotiation may be necessary depending on the nature of the favor. Certain ethical or legal restrictions may apply (though not as many as you might expect.) Under no circumstances will Patrick dance for you. Carnal favors must be approved by Pat's girlfriend in advance. If you won this favor in the auction, and for any reason Pat cannot fulfill his obligation to you, he will personally refund your winning bid in exchange for the ring.
Now, can I be honest with you for a moment?
Giving out open-ended favors like this is kind of a stupid thing for me to do. I've had many people tell me so. But I'm not an idiot. I'm perfectly aware that there's a high potential for things going catastrophically wrong.
Why do I keep giving them out then?
Mostly because I love Heifer International. I love the work they do. I love the thought of giving families the means to make their lives better. I love the thought of parents being able to feed their children.
If I can make that happen by doing something kinda stupid? Well. I've been stupid before for worse reasons than this.
But here's the thing. Simple statistics say that I'm going to get burned on this whole open-ended favor deal eventually. When that happens, I'm probably going to stop doing it. That means if you want a chance to win one of these, I'd move on it now, because it might not be happening again next year. Or ever again.
* * *
These three items I'm putting into the lottery are only of real interest to my fans. So we've added a new question on the donation page, asking if you'd like to be eligible for them.
If you donate now, we'll include your entire donation history into the total for this lottery. We know a bunch of you have kicked in already, so if you kick in a again and ask to be included, we'll make sure *all* your donations count toward this drawing.
There you go everybody. Make me proud.
* * *
8:30 PM – five hours after posting this blog, we've raised another $25,000.
That's enough to purchase biogas stoves for 25 villages.
“For most families in the places where Heifer International works, cooking usually means gathering firewood by hand, which often depletes the soil and robs the environment of its trees. In addition, smoke inhalation in poorly ventilated homes often leads to chronic lung and eye diseases.
A biogas stove is a better option. It runs off methane gas captured from animal waste, and burns cleanly, reliably and efficiently. This is not only better for the environment, it is more sustainable, and healthier for families feeding their children.”
I'm so happy. This day didn't start off that great for me, but y'all have completely turned it around….
11:30 PM – Eight hours after posting this blog, we've raised $38,000.
That's enough to supply clean water for 125 communities.
Many places where Heifer works, homes lack running water, and some families don't even have a well nearby. Instead, they spend a lot of time each day fetching water. This is often a chore left to children — especially girls — leaving them no time for school. Without a good education, those children have little hope for good jobs in the future.
Heifer helps families and communities install irrigation pumps, usually muscle-powered treadle pumps that are easy to maintain and repair. Heifer also provides education in terms of water conservation and sanitation, improving community health and making local farms and gardens more efficient *and* productive.
10:30 AM – 18 hours after posting this blog, we've raised $47,000.
That's enough to train and equip 235 Community Animal Health Workers.
In many countries, access to veterinary care is limited. So in addition to giving people livestock, Heifer International trains Animal Health Workers. Participants receive training in animal health, breeding, and nutrition as well as tools such as thermometers, stethoscopes, disinfectants, medicine for animals, and more.
This training and equipment gives a person the ability to support themselves in a lifelong career. What's more, the presence of an animal health worker improves an entire community with healthier animals, more successful farms, and better education about sanitation and disease.
24 hours after posting, we've raised 60,000 dollars.
I'm not going to keep tracking the progress here. You can check that out on the main Worldbuilders page. I will say that right now our total stands at $195,000, which is really incredible, given that we're not even two weeks into the fundraiser.
That's enough for 1600 goats and the training to care for them.
It's enough for 6,500 hives of honeybees that will improve crop yields and produce honey.
Enough to provide 700 families with enough livestock, materials, and training that they can earn enough money to send their children to school.
Stay tuned for more coolness, folks. I promise we won't disappoint.
* * *
This week's wild weather across the south of the U.S. has raised a controversial question online: was it just a light snow, or a nefarious government conspiracy?
It was definitely just snow. But the last few days have seen scores of videos like this from skeptics who claim the snowflakes aren't the real deal.
"I have a sample of 'snow' ... leaving the snow unmelted." (Via YouTube / sugar magnolia)
The conspiracy reasoning goes like this: the snow is unusual in Georgia and other southeast areas and doesn't melt when burned. Therefore, it must be fake snow, distributed by the government, as a diversion from big government tyranny: (Via YouTube / Div9neImages)
"You're being distracted from all fronts, you're preoccupied. They're up here signing bills, the government, to pretty much take away more of your rights and freedoms." (Via YouTube / Occult Sin)
Many of these videos have racked up thousands of views online — though, presumably, not everyone who watches this believes the whole fake weather thing.
Some skeptics tie the fake snow to a wider, and older, conspiracy regarding "geo-engineering" and the fear that the government is manipulating weather to use as a weapon. (Via The Resistance Journals)
Anyway, as you might expect, the fake government snow craze is pure paranoia.
Science-savvy reporters and experts have been quick to point out that snow doesn't melt when exposed to open flame like this.
"When you heat something like this, it goes from a solid to a gas. It's called sublimation. It doesn't go from a solid to a liquid, i.e. melting." (Via WTVR)
Oh, and that black mark left on the snow? And the chemical smell? That's from the butane in the lighter itself when it's left so close to the snow — which, by the way, does melt when exposed to heat, like from a microwave, rather than an open flame. (Via YouTube / JediSoulfly)
The U.S. Department of Interior also has information on sublimation and how that works — though I guess they could be in on it too, right?
- See more at Newsy
For several years, Medicare has tied hospital reimbursement to its definition of quality of care. Poorly performing hospitals can be penalized as much as 2% of their Medicare payments.
As part of Medicare's assessment of quality, surveys are used to measure patient experience and satisfaction. One of the components of the Medicare survey is pain management, which Medicare describes as follows:
I'm not sure who, if anyone, does Medicare's copy editing, but that's the way it looks in a screen grab from the website. The emphasis on “always” controlling pain, which many patients equate with “no pain,” is one reason we have an opioid epidemic.
How valid is patient satisfaction as a measure of quality? Some conflicting research has been done, but a recent paper from JAMA Internal Medicine implies the answer is “probably not valid.”
Researchers from the Department of Family and Community Medicine at the University of California, Davis surveyed 1141 patients immediately after they made 1319 visits to 56 different family doctors; 897 visits involved one or more patient requests with 1441 (85%) fulfilled. The authors did not comment on that percentage, but acquiescing to 85% of patient requests seems quite high.
From 10% to 18% of patient requests for pain medication, referrals, laboratory tests, and new medications other than antibiotics or pain medication were refused and resulted in statistically significant decreases in patient satisfaction of 9 to 20 percentiles after the results were adjusted for numerous patient characteristics known to affect patient satisfaction such as age, sex, race/ethnicity, education, marital status, body mass index, overall self-rated health, mental health status, personality factors, life satisfaction, worry about symptoms, prior visits with the clinician, and my personal favorite—medical skepticism.
Refusals of patient requests for radiology tests, antibiotics, other tests, occurred in 34%, 14%, and 9.5%, respectively, but these denials did not cause significant decreases in patient satisfaction percentiles.
Antibiotics were requested only 107 times—a small sample size, which may account for the lack of association with lower patient satisfaction ratings. The authors suggested clinicians might have more experience denying antibiotic requests because of recent emphasis on this topic.
They felt that a solution to the problem of lower patient satisfaction after denial of requests could be addressed by “targeted clinician training in brief communication techniques to address patient requests.” This training could be based on creating a positive patient experience while denying inappropriate requests such as adopting what they called a “wait and see” approach when a patient asked for something that the clinician did not think was indicated. Whether patients would be satisfied with that strategy is unknown.
Another option the authors did not consider might be to educate the patients about realistic expectations and the costs associated with unnecessary care.
In my opinion an even better solution would be to abolish patient satisfaction surveys.
Skeptical Scalpel is a retired surgeon and was a surgical department chairman and residency program director for many years. He is board-certified in general surgery and a surgical sub-specialty and has re-certified in both several times. For the last 8 years, he has been blogging at SkepticalScalpel.blogspot.comand tweeting as @SkepticScalpel. His blog has had more than 3,000,000 page views, and he has over 18,000 followers on Twitter.
Every once in a while, the truth that my baby is no longer a baby, nor a toddler, catches me off guard. I'm reminded by little things,* like when Tucker asks me to carry him, which I used to do oh-so-gently, barely able to trust myself to carry him up the stairs, and remembering to “mind his head!” Later, I carried him more easily, slung on a hip, while I fed myself, went about chores, and peed. Today, it's hard to carry him up the stairs, or for more than a block or two, coming home from a playground.
I'm caught off guard when I catch a sideways glimpse of how huge his feet have gotten, and end up doing a double take, marveling at how my once teenytiny human is becoming a little boy. Is already one, no matter my level, or lack, of preparation.
I marvel that he will become an elementary student, a hormonal teenager, and, one day, much too soon, a man.
As Tucker's vocabulary, social desire, and increasing understanding of emotions and the world around him expand along with his feet, my pride, amazement, and worry grow. He'll be entering kindergarten this fall.
Kindergarten!
It doesn't seem possible that four and a half years have been filled with his giggles, his tears, and the fact that he turned my heart upside down in the best of ways by mattering more to me than anything else. I feel immense gratitude over the fact that he now wakes me up in the morning by climbing into my bed, rather than crying at me from his, and that he enjoys the simple act of burying me under a mountain of pillows to crash into.
He often follows that play with “Wake up, Mommy.”
“Wake UP, Mommy. Both your eyes.”
Seeing him grow and absorb is a wake-up in itself. A both-my-eyes kind of wake-up.
While today, he is not aware that his language, handwriting (if you can call it that), and his childhood milestones are grossly behind those of his typically developing peers, one day, he may be.
And that, my dear friends, fucking terrifies me.
Today, at work, a friend who has a now grown, dyslexic son and I were talking about school. Kindergarten. Private. Public. Elementary. IEPs and advocacy for special needs rights.
While I understand that each school experience is different, her words continue to rumble, cycle through, and ferment in every part of my brain.
I feel Worry.
Grief, at how his experience may be.
“He will feel dumb,” she said. “It'll probably happen around the third grade, and it will crush him.”
“By that time,” she said, “it may be too late. There's no fixing low self-esteem.”
There's no fixing low self-esteem. There's no fixing low self-esteem. There's no fixing low self-esteem.
Her personal experience with public school was nothing less than horrific. Her son's, too. While I'm terrified, I am also hopeful.
Although I obviously have continually evolving dreams for my little boy, they do not include excelling at particular school subjects, nor getting into Stanford. To me, now, that doesn't have anything to do with the Point of All.
I'd like for Tucker to be his best him, whoever he is, and whoever (whomever?) he becomes. And I believe that in order for him to be his best him, that it's critical that he not feel like a dummy.
I dread the potential day when an insensitive teacher asks him to perform an impossible-for-him task, in front of his class, feeling like she's doing him a favor. Making him “man up.”
I dread the mean kid asking Tucker why he is allowed extra time to complete his exams, if he's even taking them, and I dread the innocent child who asks my son why he can't read a certain something. I dread those kids' parents. Which means, I maybe dread you.
How is my son expected to be his best him, for all of his life, if he feels like the that he is – is something less than?
Is it true that school can crush a child?
Will School Crush My Special Needs Kid?
Yes. I fear so.
That school has the ability to crush those that we love the very most is why some special needs families end up spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on primary education (and also why I want The Best Special Needs School in the World – taking donations).
It is, in part, why my friend Jen from My Skewed View continues to home school her son, who has Sensory Processing Disorder. She home schools him because teachers judge. Parents judge, and students judge. Early on, she “came out” to other parents in a home school tribe. She shared about her son, and rather than embracing her, and him, the parent that Jen confided in told her older son about Jen's son. He, of course, turned around, and told all of his peers. And all of a sudden, Jen's son was “that weird kid.” No wonder she keeps him at home (uses with permission).
You, and your kids, are the people who have an opportunity to help my kid to live his life with peace, self acceptance, and to become his best him.
How?
I don't think it's very complicated. We have the power to make the world a better place for all of our kids.
My friend Kerri from Undiagnosed But Okay will fill you in soon, on her blog, but has led an initiative in her community to educate elementary and junior high school aged students about special needs.
Their motto is “Every kid has a challenge. What's yours?” The children participate in activities like doing art with the opposite hand, and filling out an anonymous paper saying what their personal challenges are.
A young student said that it was “Catching butterflies.”
A fourth grader wrote “My mom died.”
We ALL have challenges. While I did fairly well in school, had an (over)active social life, and friends, I had challenges. Differences. My dad raised my brothers and I from the time I was in ninth grade. While this is not the time to get into my challenges, the fact is that we each have them. Whether its one, or, more likely, many.
I think that before we worry about our children's potential leadership skills and meaningless campaigns about whether or not the word “bossy” is good or bad (NOTE that I said the campaign is meaningless. My friend Deb from Urban Moo Cow contributed to an amazing pro/con article about the word “bossy” that is thought-provoking, well-written, and raises some really important points and you should check it out, as the article and their view points are very meaninful), that we need to focus on what's the most important piece of childhood development is.
Please, can we begin to educate our children on worth? Let's educate them on the magnitude of self-importance, regardless of ability and challenges.
Let's educate about worth within their differing abilities. Let's talk.
Let's explain autism, Down Syndrome, PPD-NOS, developmental delays, sensory processing disorder, tics, and mental health issues.
Let's explain culture, skin color, eye color, sock color preferences, and sexual orientation. Let's explain that everybody is important. Let's educate on empathy and wonder.
On that if your baby were the one who may feel “retarded” and bullied, you'd want me to listen.
Let's educate on Being Human, 101.
It feels like a start.
This has been a too-late finished Finish the Sentence Friday Post. Today's sentence, “I'm done with school, but…” and was contributed by April of 100 Pound Countdown so show her some clicks, m'kay?
Your hosts: Janine: Janine's Confessions of a Mommyaholic
Kate: Can I get another bottle of whine?
Stephanie: Mommy, for Real
Me (Kristi): Finding Ninee
*Kenya – Don't Mind the Little Things
Dalai Lama to speak in Danbury
His Holiness The 14th Dalai Lama of Tibet will be coming to Western Connecticut State University in Danbury in October for two days of talks. File/Kathleen O'Rourke/Staff photo Staff His Holiness The 14th Dalai Lama of Tibet will be coming to Western Connecticut State University in Danbury in October for two days of talks. File/Kathleen O'Rourke/Staff photo: Kathleen O'Rourke, ST Photo: Kathleen O'Rourke, ST Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Dalai Lama to speak in Danbury 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
DANBURY -- The Dalai Lama -- one of the world's most revered religious leaders, winner of the Nobel Peace Prize and a symbol of resistance against totalitarian regimes -- is scheduled to speak in Danbury in October.
Western Connecticut State University and the Do Ngak Kunphen Ling -- the Tibetan Buddhist Center for Universal Peace in Redding -- announced Tuesday that the Dalai Lama is expected to speak at the university on Oct. 18 and 19.
WestConn President James W. Schmotter said the event is an "auspicious day'' for the university.
"This is really exciting, both for the university and the community,'' Schmotter said Tuesday.
The Dalai Lama's talks on campus will not be a single event, Schmotter said. They will be preceded by a series of events tied into Tibetan history, creativity and spirituality.
"It will be what we view as a learning theme here,'' Schmotter said.
More Information Coming to WestConn The Dalai Lama is scheduled to speak at public forums to be held at 1:30 p.m. Oct. 18 and at 9:30 a.m. Oct. 19 in the Feldman Arena in the O'Neill Center on the university's westside campus.
The announcement Tuesday is the culmination of two years of discussion and work.
In 2010, WestConn began working with the Tibetan Buddhist Center in Redding to bring the Dalai Lama to the area.
Two WestConn professors -- John Briggs, professor of writing, linguistics and creative process, and Eric Lewis, professor of music and music education -- were involved in these talks.
"It has been illuminating that what we once saw as a fantasy has become a reality,'' Briggs said
The Dalai Lama, the 14th in a line of Tibetan spiritual leaders, was born in 1935. At the age of 2, he was recognized as the reincarnation of the 13th Dalai Lama and was formally given his position at the age of 15.
Educated in Tibetan monasteries, the Dalai Lama has been both the spiritual and political leader of Tibet for much of the last half-century.
Throughout the 1950s, he worked to achieve a peaceful resolution between Tibet and China, which has claimed the country of Tibet as Chinese territory. But in 1959, with Chinese troops invading Tibet, he fled to safety in India.
For the past half-century, he has been the foremost voice for the preservation of Tibetan culture and religion in the face of Chinese suppression of the Tibetan way of life. In 1989, the Dalai Lama was given the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on behalf of his native country.
He has also been one of the world's leading proponents of nonviolence and was the first Nobel peace laureate to address the issue of environmental awareness. To spread his message of compassion, he has traveled to more than 62 countries and six continents.
In 2011, the Dalai Lama relinquished the political leadership of his country to Harvard Law School graduate and international legal scholar Lobsang Sangay, who was elected prime minister of Tibet by his fellow exiles. Lobsang Sangay is expected to speak at WestConn in February as part of the year's study on Tibet.
In a news release, Schmotter spoke of the Dalai Lama's message for WestConn and the world.
"We have many friends, but we also have enemies -- and the one enemy that we struggle against every day is ignorance," Schmotter said. "As His Holiness has said, where ignorance is the master, there is no possibility of real peace. We hope to learn from him in his teaching to help us in our struggle against ignorance."
Contact Robert Miller
at bmiller@newstimes.com
or at 203-731-3345.
Below is an excerpt from a chapter in my book Xscape Origins: The Songs & Stories Michael Jackson Left Behind. To read the full story, along with the stories of seven other previously-unreleased Michael Jackson songs, simply click here and order your copy of Xscape Origins – available in both physical and digital formats.
On September 7, 1996, Michael Jackson kicked off his record-breaking HIStory World Tour at Letna Park in Prague, Czech Republic. The tour, a grueling 82-date trek across the globe which saw Jackson perform in front of 4.5 million fans, in thirty-five countries, on five continents, came to an end thirteen months later, on October 15, 1997, at Kings Park Stadium in Durban, South Africa.
During a five-month break between the first and second legs of the tour, Jackson's record label, Sony Music, released Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix—a compilation album including five “new” songs (two of which had already been released six months earlier than part of the 40-minute Ghosts film) and eight dance remixes of tracks taken from 1995's HIStory album. Jackson personally expressed his dissatisfaction with the remixes on the album, saying, “The least I can say is that I don't like them. I don't like it that they come in and change my songs completely, but Sony says that kids love remixes.”[1]
Moreover, the fact that only three of the songs on Blood on the Dance Floor—“Morphine,” “Superfly Sister,” and title track—had never been heard before left fans hungry for more new music from the King of Pop.
And so, shortly after the completion of the tour, Jackson turned his attention towards his next full-length album, returning to the recording studio to work on ideas with his team of trusted collaborators.
As was customary when recording a new album, Jackson also invited a number of new personnel into the fold—with whom he had not yet worked—to see what they could bring to the table. One of the new personnel was singer, songwriter, and producer Elliot Straite (a.k.a. “Dr. Freeze”), best known for his New Jack Swing style production, and for having cowritten R & B boy band Color Me Badd's 1991 hit “I Wanna Sex You Up.”
“I knew [Jackson's] manager, John McClain, and I was working on an album with my partner, Spydermann,” recalls Freeze. “After completing the album, things did not go as planned and we had to cancel the project. I was very upset. And then John McClain said, ‘Don't worry, Freeze. I have another project for you. You'll be in business with Michael.' I said, ‘Michael who?' And he said, ‘Michael Jackson!'”[2]
At first Freeze thought McClain was crazy, not believing that Michael Jackson would actually want to work with him. Then one day, when Freeze was talking to his father on the phone, someone called him on the other line. Freeze put his father on hold and took the other call. It was Jackson.
Soon after their initial phone introduction, Freeze began preparing a collection of songs to present to Jackson. Once the songs were ready, Jackson came in, and they got to work on the ones Jackson liked best.
“I introduced him to many songs,” says Freeze. “The main songs on which we worked were ‘Break Of Dawn,' ‘A Place With No Name,' and ‘Blue Gangsta.' These three songs were our priorities… He adored them.”[2]
Though already an accomplished artist in his own right, and fully capable of holding his own in a recording studio, Freeze, like most of those who encountered Jackson in person for the first time, was intimidated by the experience.
“It was pretty scary for me,” recalls Freeze. “I felt like I was back in primary school, and not knowing anything about production. With Michael, I relearned everything. The other producers and I were [like] students facing a teacher. With Michael, it was as if we knew nothing [about] the business; we had to start over and relearn everything. He taught us to do everything the best way possible. Michael was a perfectionist… I was very nervous. Very nervous, but very honored. He knew all about the music industry; everything about everything. Nothing was foreign to him, and he taught me a lot.”[2]
“Michael and I, we have a knack for melody,” Freeze continues. “So every time I proposed something, it was easy for him to study the song because it was as if he already knew it. I gave him some songs that he adored. He cherished them… I did all the music, and he only had to learn the lyrics.”[2]
“‘A Place With No Name' is itself a kind of escape; a song where you just close your eyes to find yourself instantly transported into a wonderful world,” says Freeze. “This song is very cinematic. It would have been a perfect song for a movie like Avatar, because it reveals to us a wonderful world where people are different, but happy. This song is like an escape from everyday life.”[2]
“[The] song was inspired by ‘A Horse With No Name,' [by] the group America,” explains Freeze. “The lyrics of this song are very deep. I wanted to refresh it [and] make a version for the 2000s.”[2]
“Michael knew the guys from America,” recalls Jackson's recording engineer Michael Prince, “so he called them to ask if it was okay to use the sample from ‘A Horse With No Name,' and they said yes.”[3]
“America loved the idea,” says Freeze. “They found this update absolutely terrific. They were really excited about [the] project.”[2]
This wasn't the first time that Jackson had taken someone else's song and covered or repurposed it for his own project. Jackson performed a rock version of The Beatles' 1969 number one hit “Come Together” in his 1988 feature film, Moonwalker, later including the track as a B-side on his “Remember The Time” single in 1992, and again on the HIStory album in 1995. The HIStory album also features a stunning Jackson rendition of “Smile,” originally composed as an instrumental by Charlie Chaplin for his 1936 film Modern Times, and later recorded by Nat King Cole in 1954 featuring newly written lyrics by John Turner and Geoffrey Parsons.
The King of Pop's 1998 reimagining of “A Horse With No Name” also wasn't the first (or the last) time a Jackson had recorded a track inspired by America's music. In 1985, Michael Jackson's sister, Janet, was working on the follow-up to her Dream Street album, released the previous year. Janet had recently hired John McClain as her manager, who brought Minneapolis-based production duo Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis on board to help produce the album, ultimately called Control, which was released in 1986. One of the first tracks Jam and Lewis penned for the album was “Let's Wait Awhile,” which bears striking similarities to America's 1975 hit “Daisy Jane,” although a cowriter credit was not given to the group. Fifteen years later, Jam and Lewis penned yet another America-inspired track, called “Someone to Call My Lover,” released as part of Janet's All For You album in 2001. “Someone to Call My Lover” directly samples the Dewey Bunnell-written guitar riff from America's 1972 track “Ventura Highway.”
Bunnell recalls that “Ventura Highway” was inspired when he, his brother, and their father encountered a flat tire during a family trip many years earlier. “It was 1963, when I was in seventh grade,” says Bunnell. “We got a flat tire, and we're standing on the side of the road, and I was staring at this highway sign. It said ‘Ventura' on it, and it just stuck with me.”[4]
In what one can only assume to be a massive coincidence, thirty-five years after the Bunnell family's flat tire, Dr. Freeze dreamt up the same exact scenario for Jackson's “A Place With No Name,” writing, “As I drove across on the highway… I noticed I got a flat,” in the song's opening lyrics.
“A Place With No Name” was first worked on at the Los Angeles-based Record Plant Recording Studios in August of 1998. At the time, CJ deVillar was assisting Freeze with the engineering side of his work with Jackson. During a recording session, Freeze mentioned to deVillar that he wanted to have a live bass guitar on the track. DeVillar, an accomplished bassist himself, told Freeze he could play, and would be happy to lay something down for him.
Before the bass was laid, Jackson recorded a scratch vocal for the track with deVillar and engineer Eddie Delena, whom deVillar was initially working for as a second engineer. Once the scratch vocal was done, and Freeze was prepared, the bass could be added.
DeVillar insisted that he and Freeze should wait for Jackson to leave the studio before entering the booth to record the bass, because he didn't want to jeopardize his position as an engineer by being caught playing something that Jackson had not requested.
“Michael usually left around the same time every evening,” recalls deVillar, “so we waited for him to leave before I did my thing. The reason I didn't want Michael to see me play was in case he didn't understand that I'm also a bass player. I was scared of him seeing me and wondering why his engineer was messing around with his song. I didn't want to get fired.”[5]
It was a Tuesday evening on August 25, 1998 that deVillar finally laid down his bass parts at the Record Plant. And it was that night that his worst nightmare became a reality, with Jackson catching him in the act almost immediately after plugging his bass guitar in.
“I saw Mike appear from the studio lounge through the glass right when I had just started playing,” recalls deVillar, “and I was like, Oh, God! But when he walked in, and heard what I was playing, he became very excited.”[5]
Jackson asked deVillar what he and Freeze were doing, to which deVillar replied sheepishly, “Laying down some bass, Mike.”[5]
Jackson wanted to hear what they'd done so far, and questioned whether anything had been recorded.
“Um, no, Mike,” said deVillar. “I'm just trying to find a vibe.”[6]
Jackson encouraged deVillar to keep playing, and for Freeze to record it all, which is exactly what they did. Jackson liked what he heard so much that he entered the booth and began rocking out with deVillar.
“I had Michael in my face, and he cranked the speakers up loud,” recalls deVillar. “I'm hearing his voice; he's dancing, popping and locking. I've got total Michael Jackson immersion. It was like I'd been zapped, like some crazy channeling was going on. It was like some kind of musical blessing that his aura and his power ended up in my space. And that bass line was created.”[5]
“It wouldn't have happened if he wasn't there, because he's standing right in front of me. He's dancing. He's making faces. He's cheering me on. He's playing air guitar. He's giving me affirmations while I'm playing, and I'm absorbing these affirmations like he's a fan in the audience. It was like a live concert, and he was producing me live on stage. He kept saying…”[5] Read more!
The above is an excerpt from a chapter in my book Xscape Origins: The Songs & Stories Michael Jackson Left Behind. To read the rest of this story, along with the stories of seven other previously-unreleased Michael Jackson songs, simply click here and order your copy of Xscape Origins – available in both physical and digital formats. Thank you for your support.
Follow Damien Shields on Facebook and Twitter to stay up-to-date with Michael Jackson-related news.
1. Michael Jackson, interview with Black and White magazine, 1998 (Accessed May 12, 2014).
2. Elliot Straite a.k.a. “Dr. Freeze,” interview with Quagmire, “MEETING MICHAEL WAS LIKE MEETING CAPTAIN KIRK,” MJFrance, translated here, January 2011. (Accessed December 4, 2013).
3. Michael Prince, author interview, February 4, 2015.
4. Dewey Bunnell, “Ventura Highway America 1972,” L.A. Times, October 1, 2006 (Accessed February 5, 2015).
5. CJ deVillar, author interview, May 20, 2014.
6. CJ deVillar, “Working with Michael Jackson,” Songwerx.com, August 2009 (Accessed December 4, 2013).
Rielle Hunter seems to be having some regrets about her her GQ spread. On The View today, Barbara Walters said she had talked to Rielle Hunter this morning.
"She was in tears when she called," said Walters, "and said that when she saw the pictures in GQ she screamed for two hours. She said she found the photographs repulsive."
So Walters says she asked if that was the case why did she pose for them? "She said she trusted Mark Seliger, whom she said is a brillant photographer and quote, 'I went with the flow,'" recounted Walters.
Walters says Hunter "thought that having one of those photos was okay and would be sexy and that there were others that were just beautiful headshots, but that GQ picked photos to hit one note."
Published 22.02.2014 18:31 GMT+4 | Author Adam Steiss
The IIHF's would like to clarify the game official selection process for the 2014 Olympic Winter Games men's ice hockey tournament.
14 referees and 14 linesmen received the assignment for the Olympic men's ice hockey tournament in Sochi 2014. Half of them are from the NHL, the other half consist of top IIHF officials.
During the tournament the officials have been evaluated by officiating managers including Konstantin Komissarov (IIHF) and Terry Gregson, former Head of Officiating for the National Hockey League, and six others (four IIHF, three NHL). The process by which the officiating crews are selected for the playoff round is determined by their performance in the preliminary round. For the medal games, the officials chosen were judged to deserve these assignments based on their performance in the playoff round.
“The main factor of the selection of these officials has most of all to do with their experience officiating in high-level competitions,” said Komissarov. “These include Stanley Cup playoffs, World Championship competitions, and Olympic competitions."
“Their nationalities aren't considered as factors nor should they be, we want the best officials working the medal games,” he added. “We are fully confident that with their experience and professionalism these officials will do their job well and preserve the integrity of the game.”
The decision was confirmed at the IIHF Directorate Meeting on 21 February, with team officials from all four teams present and in complete agreement with the selection.
Back to Overview
As part of Earth Day 2015, Hanover County will be hosting an electronics recycling event on Saturday, April 18,2015, at the Mechanicsville Solid Waste Convenience Center (located on Verdi Lane) from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
In addition, Hanover residents can bring Household Hazardous Waste (HHW) (No paints) to be recycled and disposed of properly and also documents for shredding. There is a limit of up to four boxes (10” by 12” by 18”) of documents will be accepted for shredding.
**This event is open to Hanover residents only.Check with Department of Public Works staff directly 804-365-6181 for other fee information, if applicable. Here is link to Hanover County website with more information this event.
There is a $10 fee to recycle TVs. CVWMA is using eWaste Tech System as the collection vendor for this event.
Bring unwanted electronics such as:
Computer systems (hard drive, CPU, monitor)
Computer accessories (cables, wires, keyboards, mice, speakers, etc.)
Printers, scanners & copiers
Fax machines
VCRs & camcorders
Stereos
Special household hazardous waste collection event Saturday- for Hanover County residents ONLY
Hanover County will offer free recycling for household hazardous waste at the Mechanicsville Solid Waste Center on Saturday, April 18, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Household hazardous waste collected at this event will include corrosives, herbicides, pesticides, flammables, aerosols, pool or hot tub chemicals, household cleaners and acids. For liquids, aerosols and solids which are classified as household hazardous wastes, there is a 5-gallon limit based on container size. Mercury thermometers and switches will also be accepted. This event is for County residents only (ID required). No businesses will be permitted. No out-of-county materials will be accepted. For more info call the Department of Public Works at 365-6181.
In the first human trial of its kind, a vaccine grown in genetically engineered tobacco plants has proved to be safe, paving the way to one day use it to help combat a potentially fatal form of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Researchers report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA that the experimental vaccine triggered the immune systems of 11 of 16 volunteers (with so-called follicular B-cell lymphoma) to attack their tumors without any apparent dangerous side effects.
Some 18,000 Americans, typically between the ages of 60 and 65, are diagnosed annually with this incurable, slow-growing type of cancer. Study coauthor Ronald Levy, an oncologist at the Stanford University School of Medicine, says that physicians generally take their cues from the disease, waiting to see how fast it is moving—and treating it with toxic chemotherapy (sometimes with radiation) only if it becomes aggressive.
He says that if future trials are successful, the experimental vaccine, which can be made relatively quickly and cheaply, could become a short-term therapy administered immediately after diagnosis to try to keep tumors in check.
"This may not be a replacement for chemotherapies, but a supplement for them," Levy says. "A technology that is fast, like this one, is more amenable to a watchful waiting approach than a technology that is slow to produce."
This and other anti-cancer vaccines work by pumping a patient full of the same protein or antigen that is on the surface of tumor cells. Researchers believe that if the body contains enough of the protein, the immune system will recognize it as a potential danger and send out armies of disease-killing cells to seek and destroy tumors harboring it.
To make the vaccine, researchers took a sample of a patient's tumors, which in this trial were made up of B cells (white blood cells that help the body battle disease and infection). They then extracted the gene from the cells that coded for the antigen they needed (to help the immune system recognize the tumors as threats). The key, researchers say, was to make enough of the protein quickly to prompt an immune response.
In this case, the scientists achieved this by inserting the gene into a plant microbe known a tobacco mosaic virus (TMV). Plants are infected with TMV simply by scratching their leaves and depositing the virus into the tears. Researchers discovered that the virus spreads throughout tobacco plants within a week, in the process cranking out a surfeit of the coveted proteins. The scientists ground the leaves and separated out the antigen, which they then injected into volunteers.
They found that the immune systems of 70 percent of participants perked up when blasted with antigens specific to their cancers. The researchers report mild side effects, such as swelling around the injection site and mild to moderate flu symptoms in some participants within a week of getting the vaccine. Of the original group of 16—who ranged in age from 30 to 64—three died (from the disease, not the vaccine), but 13 are still alive and their diseases are in remission up to eight years since being given the vaccine.
All of the patients also received chemotherapy, so researchers cannot be certain what role, if any, the vaccines played. Levy says more work is being done to assess the vaccine's effectiveness.
Charles Arntzen, a plant biologist at the Arizona State University Biodesign Institute, says a major plus is how fast the vaccine can be whipped up. "I think without the speed," he says, "it would be hard to convince a cancer patient to wait for a vaccine to be developed, rather than going on some other therapy."
Levy is trying to find a new biotech company to begin efficacy trials on humans as soon as possible. He says that a vaccine like this one could be on the market as soon as it proved effective and safe.
UPDATE: AN ‘unstable' cart was believed to be what thwarted rescue efforts to remove the last of the passengers stuck at the top of a Movieworld ride on the Gold Coast.
The final two of 14 passengers stuck were freed just after 4pm local time to cheers from crowds below.
Two young boys, who appeared to be waiting for their mum, ran to her when she walked off the cherry-picker.
They handed her a slushie and a box of popcorn.
The boys indulged in some free food in the shade while the woman was checked by paramedics.
Earlier, witnesses reported being told workers feared releasing the passengers until they could stabilise the cart, over concerns it might drop and cause injuries.
The ride became stuck shortly before 1pm.
media_camera Rescue workers attempt to stabilise a cart from the Green Lantern ride at movieworld in order to rescue passengers. Pic: supplied. media_camera A family was reunited after the woman in black and white top was rescued from the Green Lantern ride. Pic: supplied.
All areas with a direct view of the people trapped on the ride were cordoned off, with the family members of those trapped waiting and watching from the base of the Green Lantern ride.
Rescue crews had harnesses ready to retrieve the trapped patrons and used a rescue crane and abseiling gear to get to them.
There were four rescue crews helping with the operation.
media_camera People trapped on the Green Lantern ride at Movieworld, Gold Coast.
Onlookers said rescue crews were unable to move anyone from the ride until it was completely secured to the track to ensure it didn't become unstable and tip.
It was difficult for rescue crews to manoeuvre the cherry-picker around the roller coaster tracks to secure each side of the cart.
“They're trying to free more people as only two have been freed from top carriage,” said a spectator earlier in the afternoon.
“Everyone is looking and taking photos.”
At least 100 people were reportedly watching the rescue operation.
Some people who arrived at Movieworld left because the ride stood near the main entrance as they arrived.
A statement from Village Roadshow issued this afternoon said there had been an issue with a wheel.
“Warner Bros. Movie World and Queensland Fire have trained for this type of evacuation,” the statement said.
media_camera A truck needed to be suspended to support the weight of the crane in order to rescue passengers from the Green lantern. Pic: supplied.
media_camera A carriage on the Green Latern ride at Movieworld came off its rails forcing the ride to stop and passengers to be stranded 40m in the air. Rescue crews work to secure the carriage and get the people out safely. Photo: Kit Wise
“The rescue team immediately assessed the situation and they have begun the evacuation efforts. “No injuries have occurred. Evacuation efforts are ongoing.
“The safety and wellbeing of our guests is our top priority. Following the evacuation efforts our team of engineers and technicians to will investigate the cause of this mechanical issue before the ride is reopened.”
media_camera A carriage on the Green Latern ride at Movieworld came off its rails forcing the ride to stop and passengers to be stranded 40m in the air. Rescue crews work to secure the carriage and get the people out safely. Photo: Kit Wise
Ally Scott of Ipswich said she saw it happen.
“The noise just stopped and the car was suspended,” she said.
“I was just sitting in my car waiting for my daughter and her friend in the park was instantly so scared they were on the ride.
“Turns out they weren't, thank goodness.”
Brisbane resident T-ya Sharp said she could see a young girl sitting up on the right hand side.
“There was a little girl up on right hand side, maybe around 10 years old, probably only just tall enough to even go on the ride,” she said.
“We heard crying but we couldn't see her face.
“But we could tell she was really scared.
“The park staff kept trying to move us on from areas where we could see.
“One couple said their child was up there, so they were really scared and were only just keeping it together.”
media_camera People trapped on Green Lantern ride at Movieworld. Supplied photo.
EARLIER: At 1pm 14 people became trapped on the roller-coaster at a Gold Coast theme park.
Firefighters arrived at Movieworld, Oxenford, after the malfunction.
The people were stuck in several carts, fortunately in different, but upright positions.
One car contained eight people and the other had six.
Two people were freed from the cart on the higher level and left with Queensland Ambulance Service paramedics.
Guests at the park said a wheel has come loose from the ride and “sadly people are currently stuck”.
media_camera People trapped on Green Lantern ride at Movieworld. Supplied photo.
Movie World's Green Lantern ride malfunctioning, leaving people stranded: reports http://t.co/s4WepQZraz pic.twitter.com/a59EzZTVOc — Deirdre Kleiman (@DeDe_kle) March 15, 2015
One of them was a little girl stuck in the top cart.
People in the bottom cart had reportedly been given umbrellas to protect them from the sun and were also provided water.
Emergency crews said engineers attended to the smaller cart and were able to release it to return it to a safe position.
Firies are using their big cherry picker to reach people stranded on Movie World's Green Lantern ride @7NewsBrisbane pic.twitter.com/e0o0Reso23 — SEQ incidents (@SEQincidents) March 15, 2015
The Queensland Fire and Rescue Service called vertical rescue staff to assist with the operation.
Firefighters attempted to stabilise the cart in the upper section of ride.
Once the cart was stable, the officers started to remove people from the ride safely.
media_camera People trapped on Green Lantern ride Movieworld. Supplied photo.
Join us on Facebook
Group Seeks Humanist Wedding in USNA's Main Chapel
An attorney for the American Humanist Association said Tuesday the organization will consider taking legal action after the U.S. Naval Academy denied a request for a humanist wedding ceremony in the academy's main chapel.
The group released a letter on Tuesday describing a request to use the chapel by Ensign Sean Cruz, a 2012 graduate and an active duty naval officer. He applied in May to be married by a legally recognized wedding officiant in the chapel.
"It appears that he has been denied this request because the Naval Academy wishes to confer the benefit of the chapel's beautiful architecture and capacious interior solely on Christians, to the exclusion of other religions and the nonreligious," William Burgess and Monica Miller, legal consultants for the association, wrote in a letter to Vice Adm. Michael Miller, the academy's superintendent, and Cmdr. Michael Gore, the senior chaplain.
Jennifer Erickson, an academy spokeswoman, said in an email that the Naval Academy Chapel is a religious venue that has been used for Protestant and Catholic services since its dedication in 1908.
"The chapel contains permanent Christian architectural features that make it inappropriate for non-Christian or non-religious wedding ceremonies," Erickson wrote in response to questions about the request. "For requests involving non-Christian and non-religious wedding ceremonies, the Naval Academy offers alternative venues, such as the non-denominational chapel and the Naval Academy Club."
But Burgess said the alternative venues do not have the same grandeur of the main chapel, whose large dome is a major part of the Maryland capital's skyline. The chapel also stands on top of a crypt for John Paul Jones, who is known as the father of the U.S. Navy. Burgess said in an interview that he believes the policy is unconstitutional discrimination.
"These are publicly owned buildings at a publicly run university," Burgess said.
The letter from the association also notes that Cruz was offered use of the Faith's Chapel instead of the main chapel. The letter notes it's unclear why he would be offered to hold a civil ceremony in that chapel, which the chaplain's center website describes as "a place of quiet simplicity for Orthodox and other Christians ... to meet, pray, mediate and worship," but not the main chapel. Cruz also was offered several other locations for the ceremony, including the basketball arena and a former armory, the letter noted.
Burgess said the Washington-based American Humanist Association, which was founded in 1941, will consider whether to file a lawsuit after talking with Cruz.
"That is at least a potentiality," Burgess said, when asked whether the group would take legal action.
The American Humanist Association has more than 170 local chapters and affiliates across the United States, with more than 20,000 members. The organization describes humanism as a progressive philosophy of life that, without theism, affirms a responsibility to lead ethical lives of value to self and humanity.
The California Senate Public Safety Committee is set to hear an Assembly bill on Tuesday that would strip gun rights from those convicted of misdemeanor hate crimes.
The measure, AB 785, passed the Assembly in May without a single “no” vote and is backed by Assemblyman Reggie Jones-Sawyer, D-Los Angeles, who argues it could help disarm those who may have violent tendencies foreshadowed by minor crimes.
“Violent extremists and hate groups often use firearms as tools of force and intimidation,” said Jones-Sawyer in a note to lawmakers. “Recent mass murders targeting our nation's LGBT, African American, and religious minority communities — shootings at the nightclub in Orlando, an historic church in Charleston, and a Sikh temple in Oak Creek — were among the deadliest hate crimes ever committed in our nation's history.”
His bill, the Disarm Hate Act, adds to the state's already existing list of misdemeanor crimes that result in an automatic 10-year prohibition on possessing a firearm. The additions would include those who are convicted of misdemeanor interference with another person's civil rights or damage of property because of their perceived race, religion, national origin, disability, gender, or sexual orientation. Violations would be a felony and result in a lifetime gun ban.
“We decided to go in close that loop, prohibit them from owning a firearm,” said Jones-Sawyer.
The lawmaker argues that six states — Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, and Oregon — have enacted laws to prohibit those with misdemeanor hate crime convictions from possessing and acquiring firearms.
The measure has the backing of several gun control organizations, including the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, Violence Prevention Coalition, and Coalition Against Gun Violence.
“Passing AB 785 will keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people,” said Amanda Wilcox, with the Brady Campaign. “In California alone, we've seen a dramatic increase in hate crimes since 2014. Hate-driven, criminal hands have no business having guns.”
California's Gov. Jerry Brown, a Democrat, has in the past vetoed expanions to the 10-year ban in 2016 and 2013, arguing the proposals found a novel way to make a new crime, which the Governor said is the last thing the state needs due to prison overcrowding.
A frantic race to finish up legislation on Beacon Hill came to a conclusion this weekend.
Lawmakers worked until a little past midnight Sunday into Monday getting some key bills passed before legislative rules required formal sessions — the only time they can take up substantive bills — must end.
When it was all over, Senate President Stan Rosenberg proclaimed the session a success.
"A lot of quality legislation came out of the Senate through the entire 18-month period. A lot of our top priorities made it through the Senate and to the governor's desk," Rosenberg said. "Others we'll pick up again next year."
Lawmakers went right down to the wire, with override votes and last-minute passage of some major pieces of legislation.
On Saturday, when it looked like no bills were going to emerge out of conference committee, a very frustrated Rosenberg lay the blame for the backlog on the House, saying they waited too long to get bills out of committee. But after the session ended, he seemed a little less frustrated by the process.
"I'm hoping we can talk about how to make things better and improve the process going forward, in a collaborative way. Not a hostile way," he said. "This isn't about pointing fingers and you know, it's about how do we make things better?"
From left: Republican Gov. Charlie Baker, Democratic Senate President Stanley Rosenberg and Democratic House Speaker Robert DeLeo, during a 2015 news conference at the State House (Steven Senne/AP)
After the session ended, Gov. Charlie Baker issued a written statement saying he's thankful the Legislature took action on several important pieces of legislation ranging from economic development to renewable energy.
"As our administration carefully reviews all of the legislation that lawmakers worked diligently to reach consensus on, I will continue to work across the aisle with our partners in the Legislature to make Massachusetts a better place to live, work and raise a family," he said.
Here's a look at some key bills that made it to Baker's desk:
Economic Development And Job Creation Bill (H4569): The $740 million bill provides funding for all sorts of programs, including career and technical training.
The final version did not contain a Senate proposal to extend the state's hotel and motel tax to online, short-term rentals like Airbnb.
Taxi drivers wearing yellow T-shirts sit together during a hearing on the regulation of ride-hailing companies such as Uber and Lyft, at the State House in Boston last year. (Steven Senne/AP)
TNC Ride For Hire (Uber, Lyft) Bill (H4570): The bill imposes regulations on emerging Transportation Network Companies like Uber and Lyft.
The final compromise does not include requiring Uber and Lyft drivers be fingerprinted, but they will be subject to a two-step background check by both the company and the state.
It also does not limit TNCs from operating at Logan Airport or the Boston Convention Center — restrictions the House and the taxi industry wanted. Lastly, the final bill includes a 20 cent-per-ride surcharge, with that money going back to cities and towns to help maintain roads.
Energy Bill (H4568): A very complex piece of legislation that has been identified by Baker as a major priority. The bill would allow utilities to purchase 1,600 megawatts from renewable sources, including offshore wind and hydro power.
Gone from the final version is Senate language barring utilities from obtaining rate increases from customers in order to pay for building new natural gas pipelines.
Gov. Charlie Baker testifies at a hearing regarding two energy bills at the State House on Sept. 29, 2015. (Charles Krupa/AP)
While it's not everything he hoped for, George Bachrach, of the Environmental League of Massachusetts, said he is pleased with the bill.
"All of us want to move faster and further than we have, but this is a very important start," Bachrach said. "We have no wind farms, offshore wind farms, in America today. Massachusetts will be first to have a commercially scaled wind farm."
Senators had also hoped for even more incentives for renewable energy. They promised to bring up another energy bill in the next session.
Municipal Modernization Bill (H4565): The governor termed this “the Weed Whacker” bill, saying it takes a weed whacker to all sorts of antiquated laws that have hampered municipal governments around the state. For example, it allows communities to set speed limits lower than what the state allows.
One provision that did not make it to the final compromise bill would have removed the requirement that the city of Boston ask the Legislature for permission to increase the number of liquor licenses in the city. Boston Mayor Marty Walsh wanted the city to have that authority on its own. But for now, any increase in liquor licenses must continue to receive the Legislature's blessing first.
In addition to the legislation, lawmakers spent much of the weekend finishing up overriding roughly 200 line item budget vetoes that had been issued by the governor. Baker, citing uncertainty due to the downturn in revenues from the capital gains tax, had slashed $256 million from the FY 2017 state budget.
But legislators returned over $227 million to the spending plan, including $7.7 million to arts programs around the state. Lawmakers also overturned a Baker veto of language requiring insurance companies to cover long-term antibiotic treatment of Lyme disease. That's a treatment that's not accepted by everyone in the medical community.
Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly identified the organization Bachrach works for. The post has been updated. We regret the error.
Feminist News
All | National News | Global News
May-19-10
Pro-Choice Sestak Ousts Specter
Representative Joe Sestak (D-PA) won the Pennsylvania Democratic primary for US Senate yesterday and ousted incumbent Arlen Specter (D-PA), who has held the seat for nearly 30 years, all but the past year as a Republican. Sestak had approximately 54 percent of the vote with 98 percent of precincts reporting, according to the Philadelphia Inquirer. Specter notoriously switched to the Democratic party last year. A Sestak campaign commercial showed Specter saying "My change in party will enable me to be reelected."
In the general election, Sestak will face former Republican Congressman Pat Toomey. Sestak already has an endorsement from NARAL Pro-Choice America, reported the National Partnership for Women & Families. Sestak's 2006 campaign website stated, "Regardless of my religious beliefs, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Roe vs. Wade that - as a nation - the United States should offer every woman the right to have a legal and safe abortion, if that is her choice. I support that decision," according to On The Issues. Toomey is rated 0% by NARAL Pro-Choice America and Specter was rated 21%, both indicating an anti-choice voting record, with Specter's record slightly more mixed.
Also as a result of yesterday"s primaries, two-term incumbent Senator Blanche Lincoln (D-AR) was forced into a runoff with her most competitive opponent, Arkansas Lieutenant Governor Bill Halter, in the Democratic primary for the seat. NPR reported that with 62 percent of precincts reporting, Lincoln and Halter each had about 43 percent of the vote and a third candidate, businessman DC Morrison, had 14 percent. Lincoln is a moderate Democrat who is currently one of just 17 women in the US Senate.
Media Resources: Philadelphia Inquirer 5/19/10; National Partnership for Women and Families 5/19/10; On the Issues; NPR 5/19/10
Paul Krugman's talking shit about Bernie Sanders again:
Indeed, what the Sanders movement, with its demands for purity and contempt for compromise and half-measures, most nearly resembles is not the Trump insurgency but the ideologues who took over the G.O.P., becoming the establishment Mr. Trump is challenging. And yes, we're starting to see hints from that movement of the ugliness that has long been standard operating procedure on the right: bitter personal attacks on anyone who questions the campaign's premises, an increasing amount of demagogy from the campaign itself. Compare the Sanders and Clinton Twitter feeds to see what I mean.
This is funny, since it's a bitter personal attack coming from a centrist ideologue on a political movement that challenges his view of the world and that of his candidate, Hillary Clinton. Anyone who believes in popular mobilization and not rule by technocrats is a demagogue to someone like Krugman.
But speaking of purity and demagogy and contempt for half-measures, let's do a little time travel and recall what Paul Krugman wrote about the massive fraud that used to be Enron, which collapsed in 2001 causing scores of billions of dollars in losses and putting 20,000 employees out of work. Pointing out that the company paid him $50,000 to join this advisory board to introduce this quote would no doubt be regarded by Krugman as yet another bitter personal attack. Pure coincidence for sure! Anyway, here's Krugman writing in Fortune in 1999:
The retreat of business bureaucracy in the face of the market was brought home to me recently when I joined the advisory board at Enron—a company formed in the '80s by the merger of two pipeline operators. In the old days energy companies tried to be as vertically integrated as possible: to own the hydrocarbons in the ground, the gas pump, and everything in between. And Enron does own gas fields, pipelines, and utilities. But it is not, and does not try to be, vertically integrated: It buys and sells gas both at the wellhead and the destination, leases pipeline (and electrical-transmission) capacity both to and from other companies, buys and sells electricity, and in general acts more like a broker and market maker than a traditional corporation. It's sort of like the difference between your father's bank, which took money from its regular depositors and lent it out to its regular customers, and Goldman Sachs. Sure enough, the company's pride and joy is a room filled with hundreds of casually dressed men and women staring at computer screens and barking into telephones, where cubic feet and megawatts are traded and packaged as if they were financial derivatives. (Instead of CNBC, though, the television screens on the floor show the Weather Channel.) The whole scene looks as if it had been constructed to illustrate the end of the corporation as we knew it.
It's all there—the born-again 1990s neoliberal love of The Market, the embrace of business as revolutionary, the genuflection before Goldman Sachs, and the excruciating cliché “not your father's X.”
The Krugman archives are full of interesting material. For example, he wNow he's busily denouncing Sanders for his attempts to bring something like a Scandinavian welfare state to the U.S., citing the worries of his tepid liberal colleagues that it would just be too expensive. In 1998, just before he wrote that Enron informercial, he disclosed that his ideal regime would be “Sweden of 1980…very generous and high social expenses, a flat income distribution and no unemployment.” Seven years later, in 2005, he told Pepe Escobar that “We should be getting 28% of GDP in revenue. We are only collecting 17%.” (Update: now it's 19%.)
It's funny—now that there's a candidate advocating something like that agenda, he's against it, standing instead with the finger-wagging, “No, you can't have that!” contingent. But a guy who's getting paid $225,000 a year to teach one graduate course and study income inequality is familiar with embracing contradictions.
Advertisements
I saw your post Josh and just this once I shall try to respond.
Dear Josh,
I read your post addressed to me and just this once I will respond to you in the hope that this will help you.
Firstly, unlike you I do not live with my mother and I do not claim benefits (you searched my address, remember?) Aside from paid work, I do charity work assisting vulnerable people in court. I have had a fairly high profile life and many people have said good and bad things about me. I am not motivated by your criticisms of me. I have not lifted a finger to try to silence other sites like Encyclopaedia Dramatica or Archant, for example.
I started to take you down in January for quite different reasons. I had vaguely spoken to Dynastia whilst dealing with Rationalwiki but not really looked at your site properly, just a few posts in the Rationalwiki thread. I got into it in early January whilst on holiday and I realised what it was.
Like Free Reddit Check or the Block Bot, Kiwi Farms is a harassment tool. However instead of targeting political opponents your site deliberately targets vulnerable people. You and your members deliberately trawl disability forums for victims. My reasons for having a go at you were similar to my purpose in taking out Free Reddit Check and making the Block Bot change their database.
My site has done no more than you – less in fact. I have revealed your true name and that of a couple of family members along with a slight nudge that you are not, right now, a very nice person. SWATting? Nope. Emails? Nope. The many people you have pissed off from 8chan to people on your site took care of that without any help from me.
One comment I have seen time and time again from KiA to 8chan threads is a simple explanation of the flaw of Kiwi Farms. Your site is very like Hunter Moore's now closed site ‘Is Anyone Up' only without the hot porn. Each post on his site was a different person pissed off, along with their families.
The same goes for your site. To keep going your site has to piss off exponentially larger groups of people. Each of those people themselves, or their family, or their friends may retaliate. Hunter Moore was successful at first but in the end his life was a mess of threats, lawsuits and police involvement. Now who does that sound like? (And Hunter Moore got lots of sex). As a matter of strict mathematics, your life must get worse because of this.
It has taken, what? 6 posts from me and a forum ban from KiA to reduce you to such a complete state that you are literally ranting, “[my mommy] isn't going to stop loving me!” I mean, are you sucking on a pacifier right now? You were also goaded into giving away information about your infrastructure and mistaken speculations about how your servers were identified whilst whining about being ‘harassed'.
Never, in my wildest dreams did I imagine you would be screaming, “my mommy loves me” on your own forum, let alone within such a short time frame. I take your claims of technical robustness with a pinch of salt because of this little thing called Infinity Next (archive).
Even if you were telling the truth there are many other solutions. You might want to read this article about someone having a whole site de-indexed from Google. You had an issue a bit like that with a Lolcow wiki article today and that was just a temporary test. You have also seen your main account vanish, banned, from Twitter (to be followed by more, and soon). I have represented people in court, remember?
If I died tomorrow or fell into a mewling heap screaming, “mummy always loved me!” very little would change now. I count 5 threads about you on one 8chan board alone, full of hundreds of posts from people who hate you and feel good about it because of your cruel behaviour.
If your mother really loves you so much she should tell you to get a job and shut down your site. You say my article will outlive me. Perhaps, but the one person whose life is bound to be overshadowed by Kiwi Farms is you, Josh. You are spending so much energy defending it, but it makes negligible profit and it has not gotten you laid. Your life will get worse and worse and it will continue to affect your family. If you love your mother so very much why expose her to all the hatred and rage of those you have pointlessly victimised?
I bear you no ill will at all. Even so I will carry on my activities and my various friends and fellow travellers will do the same. I am not going to respond directly again – your post proves I have made my point and we simply intend to continue to drive it home.
Kindest regards,
Sam Smith
writing as
Matthew Hopkins
The Witchfinder General
Hemanth Kumar By
BENGALURU: India's IT capital is set to take the poll buzz in Kerala to a new height this summer. A 1000-member strong BJP cyber team in Bengaluru is preparing to launch a massive campaign over the next 2 months as part of the party's mission to emerge as an alternative for UDF and LDF in Kerala in the Assembly election to be held on May 16.
BJP Bengaluru unit, which recently held a convention of its Malayali supporters settled in Bengaluru, is on the overdrive after receiving an enthusiastic response. “Hundreds of Malayalis from various professions, including the IT sector have volunteered to take a plunge in campaigning for BJP in Kerala. Buoyed by the huge response we have initiated the registration process to use their services in an organised manner,” said, Chennamallikarjun Patil, Convener of Karnataka BJP Communication Cell.
The party is drawing up plans to convene one more conclave of Malayali BJP supporters in Bengaluru within a week to draft them for campaigning work at ground zero in Kerala and the cyber world using the social media tools like Twitter, Facebook and WhatsApp.
“Already over 40 of them have expressed their eagerness to go and campaign in their native places in Kerala for BJP candidates. This number is expected to cross 200 after the next conclave. As for the highly educated professionals who are keen to be part of the BJP social media team in Bengaluru, the number is expected to cross 1000,” Patil told Express.
Most of the enthusiasts who have shown interest to volunteer are ready to devote 1 week to 2 months for campaigning. The party would only coordinate with local district BJP units in Kerala for using the services of these volunteers effectively, Patil said.
An orientation programme would be organised for these volunteers to educate them about BJP's core ideology, history, poll issues of the party in Kerala, key points to highlight ‘misrule of successive UDF and LDF governments in Kerala' and as to why BJP led NDA deserves a chance to provide an alternative for the two political fronts that have ruled the state for over 6 decades, Patil explained.
The social media team being enrolled in Bengaluru, would be in addition to the one that is associated with Kerala BJP. BJP hopes to motivate atleast 50 per cent of those Malayalis in Bengaluru who have retained their voting rights in Kerala to go there and exercise their franchise in favour of the saffron outfit.
It seems like all of us have a friend or three that doesn't follow proper password security, gets hacked, and you receive spam email from that friend's account. If you mark that email as spam you have the option to instead mark it as suspicious—this keeps you safe from future spam emails from your friend's account but will allow regular email to be received from your friend.
Advertisement
This tip comes from former Lifehacker Editor-in-Chief Adam Pash, who discovered the feature while receiving spammy email from friends. If you mark the email as suspicious it will send data that is designed to help prevent account hacking but won't penalize your friend's email importance for future messages and also encourages you to contact your friend to let them know their account is hacked. If the email is from an old email address that is no longer used you can choose the "Message is just spam" button and the email address will be removed from your contacts list.
Spam from your contacts | Google Support via @adampash
Washington is pressuring the government in Kabul to dispose of Kalashnikov assault rifles, which Moscow had previously gifted to Afghanistan, the Russian foreign minister said. The Afghans are expected to buy American instead.
Speaking to Russian lawmakers on Friday, FM Sergey Lavrov said Russia delivered as many as 50,000 AKs to the Afghan government as aid, but the US is now insisting that Kabul get rid of these rifles, and to replace the Russian-made arms with American ones, he said.
Read more
“There is a question of where those 50,000 arms will go now, and we have asked the Afghans this already. But there is another one: why would the US want to undermine the Afghan Army by taking the weapons that they are accustomed to, and forcing them to take those they have to get acquainted with,” the minister said.
He added that some in Washington similarly torpedoed the supply of Russian helicopters to Afghanistan, and he suggested that the placement of hurdles in the way of Russian arms is just “for sheer love of the art”.
Last year, officials in Afghanistan reported receiving from Russia 10,000 Kalashnikov assault rifles and millions of rounds of ammunition. “This donation represents a deep friendship between two nations,” Hanif Atmar, national security adviser in President Ashraf Ghani's government, said at the time. “This important donation is from an important friend of Afghanistan in a crucial time for Afghanistan and the region.”
The decision to deliver free AKs to Afghanistan was reported as early as 2015, with the shipment initially scheduled for that same year. It was not immediately clear whether other, undisclosed deliveries of Russian small arms took place or if there was some confusion about how many Kalashnikovs Russia gave to Afghanistan.
READ MORE: Pentagon 'defies Congress to buy Russian helicopters for Afghanistan'
Different models of Kalashnikov rifles, including the older AK-47, have a strong historic foothold in Afghanistan. The US has tried on several occasions to arm Afghan security forces with US-made small arms, but the popularity of the Soviet weapons didn't dwindle. The Kalashnikov design is famous for being extremely reliable and for working even in the harshest conditions, compared to American firearms, which require regular professional maintenance.
Acknowledging this reality, the US had to buy AKs (and rounds for them) from former members of the Warsaw Pact, like Romania and Bulgaria, and also from China, to arm their allies in Afghanistan. Last year it was revealed that US-made firearms of a Soviet design may become a preferable option, considering how international purchases may lead to spectacular blunders for America.
There was a great piece in the satirical news source The Onion a few years ago in which it “reported” that Fed chairman Ben Bernanke experienced a moment of existential panic during a congressional hearing as he paused, shook his head, and said, “It's just an illusion . . . Just look at it: meaningless pieces of paper with numbers printed on them. Worthless.”
Sayeth the Onion headline: “U.S. Economy Grinds to Halt As Nation Realizes Money Just A Symbolic, Mutually Shared Illusion.”
It's all just an illusion, man.
Which brings us to bitcoin. It is a digital currency, which a certain variety of techno-utopian futurist crowd views as a form of money unencumbered by the shackles of privacy-reducing international anti-money laundering laws and inflation-tolerant central banks. Its value has been extraordinarily volatile over the last several weeks, rising from $20 a couple of months back, to over $250, to around $60 on Friday, with a couple of trading halts in between.
Bitcoin really is a tiny market in the scheme of things, and its recent gyrations mean that the dollar, euro and yen have nothing to fear from the competition. If a currency can lose 75 percent of its buying power in two days, it may not be the best store of value. But it also an important window into the strange and uncomfortable mystery of “What is money,” which is a harder question to answer than one might think.
We can all agree that the dollar bills in my wallet are money, as are the quarters and dimes in the jar on my dresser. So are the funds deposited in my checking account. The investment I have in a money market mutual fund probably counts, too; after all, I can write a check from that account and use it to buy things. Gold isn't money, but can be readily traded for money, so it can be a reasonable substitute if you're into that sort of thing. My refrigerator is definitely not money; even though it has value, it would be a lot harder than gold to convert it into money if I fell on hard times.
The common thread here is that money has almost nothing to do with physical form. It also doesn't have much to do with who creates it: The dollar bills were issued by the Federal Reserve, the checking account created by my neighborhood bank, the money market fund was created by a mutual fund manager, the gold was mined out of the ground, and the refrigerator was made by General Electric.
Rather, what makes money money is what you can do with it. If you can purchase the goods and services that you want and need with it, it is money; if you can't, it isn't. Money is memory, said Narayana Kocherlakota in an important 1996 paper (he is now president of the Minneapolis Fed). It is the way we as a society record how much capacity to buy stuff each of us possess. In other words, The Onion was right. Money really is just a symbolic, mutually shared illusion.
That reality has important implications for all the monetary debates that captivate people today, from David Stockman's assailing 80 years of economic policy to fretting over whether the Bank of Japan will unleash some dangerous inflation genie with its new bout of activism to the question of whether the euro zone can hold together.
Once you accept that money truly is an idea rather than a thing, it becomes clearer that there is no single “right” way to run a monetary system. It is merely trying to figure out, through trial and error (and mankind has had plenty of error over our history), what system works best.
Some societies, including this one until 1933, have strictly tied the value of their money to gold or other precious metals. That has some advantages, most notably that a government can't create more of it from thin air and thus allow inflation to take hold. But it has some significant downsides as well. For one, the government may not be able to create new gold from thin air, but miners can definitely get it out of the ground. And it is a strange state of affairs when the price level of an entire society is allowed to fluctuate based on advances in mining technology or the discovery or non-discovery of new reserves.
All of the advanced nations in modern times instead have a central bank to be in charge of issuing money. The logic is that rather than tie the value of money to some material, instead put some politically independent, sober-minded economists in charge and assign them some goal. In practice, many countries have made that goal “manage the money supply so that prices rise about 2 percent each year, no more, no less). Because these institutions are imbued with the power of the state, the money they issue has the credibility of the entire government behind it.
As Joe Weisenthal wrote Thursday, “the U.S. dollar isn't just important because other people think it is. The U.S. dollar is important, because the world's strongest entity, with the full force of the U.S. army, the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, and various local authorities with guns demands that you pay them in U.S. dollars. That's not faith. That's the law.”
So why would somebody want to go and invent bitcoins? There is a certain theoretical elegance to the idea of a borderless currency, with its supply limited by the difficulty of working out very tough mathematical problems. But going back to where we started, money is useful inasmuch as it can be used to buy things. And two massive things stand in the way of bitcoin ever being anything more than a monetary curio. Ironically, both are byproducts of the things that bitcoin enthusiasts most like about it.
First, because it has the endorsement of no government, it will never be usable for official transactions. If you are an American, you will eventually have to pay your taxes, which means getting hold of some dollars, and as long as everyone needs to use dollars, that will be the way the currency in which an overwhelming majority of U.S. transactions occur.
Second, the cap on the supply of bitcoins may reassure people that there will be no inflation, but in fact it ensures that it can never go into widespread use. A currency needs to be elastic — that is, its supply has to rise and fall in order to keep prices stable even as people's demand for money varies. Part of the reason the Federal Reserve was created a century ago is that the dollar was at that time an inelastic currency, its supply was basically fixed based on how many gold banks had in their vaults. That meant that when harvest season came around in what was then a heavily agricultural nation, there was always a shortage of cash and a spike in interest rates, and in some years a banking panic.
Bitcoin exacerbates that problem. Its supply is capped in the long run. That means that if it ever came under widespread use, demand for bitcoins would rise faster than supply (which is what happened between February and earlier this week), and the price rise rapidly. That may sound good — your money is more valuable! — but in fact it means that prices of goods and services are plummeting. That's deflation, which as the Great Depression showed us, is not much fun. It is a situation in which everyone has every incentive to hoard money rather than spend it, leading the gears of commerce to grind to a halt.
In effect, bitcoin is a reminder of this fundamental truth: To function in a modern economy, you're always putting your faith in something, whether you like it or not. And you may not like putting that faith in a powerful, independent central bank imbued with power from the state, but the alternatives may just be a lot worse.
The Arab Spring is turning into an Arab Winter for Israeli and Diaspora Jews.
For the first time in recent history, Egypt has decided to completely bar Jews from visiting the tomb of Rabbi Yaakov Abuhatzeira, head of the dynasty that included Rabbi Yisrael Abuhatzeira, the famed “Baba Sali.”
The decision, issued by regional ruler Mukhtar el-Hamlawi, was reported by the Palestinian Authority news agency Wafa.
El-Hamlawi reported that a Cairo court had ruled that celebrations are forbidden at the tomb, and Jewish visitors would be barred for that reason.
In addition, he said, “We prohibit Jews from visiting the tomb because we identify with the Palestinian people, and because we do not want to offend the Egyptian public's sensitivities.”
Egyptian opposition parties, led by the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood, attempted to prevent Israeli Jews from visiting the rabbi's tomb in 2009.
While then-President Hosni Mubarak agreed to allow the visits, the pilgrimage was cancelled for the first time as opposition parties vowed to prevent Jews from visiting.
Mubarak continued to allow Israelis to visit, and even announced in 2010 that he would grant an unlimited number of permits.
Since Mubarak's ouster in early 2011, Salafi Islam has been on the rise, while the Jew-hating Muslim Brotherhood has been gaining political power.
The changes have led to security anarchy in Sinai, an extremely high terror alert for Israeli visitors, and persecution of religious minorities in Egypt, primarily Coptic Christians.
She asked for a cup of coffee and received a brusque reply: “We don't have any.” The teacher was brusque and impatient.
Recent Examples on the Web
Some of Shulkin's detractors have bristled at his sometimes brusque demeanor and affiliation with the Obama administration, according to current and former agency officials and veterans groups. Washington Post, "VA chief fights for his political future amid internal strife and allegations of subterfuge," 6 Mar. 2018
Connie's brusque attitude and sugar addiction attempt to push her in the direction of a Lethal Weapon-esque self-destructive cop. Bryan Bishop, The Verge, "The Happytime Murders tests the limits of subverting nostalgia," 24 Aug. 2018
But according to the White House, the brusque response came as McGahn reached out to each Senate Judiciary Committee member to discuss the Supreme Court confirmation process. Fox News, "Kamala Harris' office allegedly rejected SCOTUS courtesy call: 'We want nothing to do with you'," 10 July 2018
This undelivered missive is one of the great paternal indictments in all of European literature, written by a shy, sickly, painfully sensitive 36-year-old Kafka and addressed to his brusque and authoritarian father, Hermann. Jeremy Eichler, BostonGlobe.com, "Kafka encaged, writing to his father," 18 June 2018
The brusque response came as McGahn reached out to each Senate Judiciary Committee member to discuss the Supreme Court confirmation process. Judson Berger, Fox News, "Kamala Harris' office rejected SCOTUS courtesy call from White House: 'We want nothing to do with you'," 10 July 2018
Sanders was the latest to experience a brusque reception in such a setting. Washington Post, "Sanders says she was told to leave Virginia restaurant," 25 June 2018
But the brusque Sutter's relationship with the team grew strained as the Kings missed the playoffs twice in three years, and he was fired, along with former general manager Dean Lombardi, following the 2016-17 season. Curtis Zupke, latimes.com, "Former Kings coach Darryl Sutter says he's 'at peace with not coaching'," 20 June 2018
Photo: Getty Images Judge Leon, who was confirmed to the bench in 2002, is known for his assertive and often brusque approach. Drew Fitzgerald, WSJ, "No Phones, No Exits: The AT&T Judge Wanted Folks to Hear His Verdict," 12 June 2018
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'brusque.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
President Trump, Please Shut Down The Chemtrails…
…Before It's Too Late!
SOS: What are they putting in the black chemtrails?
An Open Letter to President Trump
President Donald J. Trump
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20500
Dear President Trump,
If you don't know already, the entire country is under assault by nonstop chemical geoengineering operations via chemtrails and atmospheric chembombs.
The monster storms hitting California are the direct result of these intensified chemtrail operations. So are the numerous out-of-season tornadic storm systems devastating the Deep South. As a matter of meteorological fact, Trumpland throughout the South and Midwest has been really taking a beating ever since Election Day.
Many of these highly destructive and unseasonal weather events are not even showing up in the Mainstream Media (MSM) of late. Unless you are a victim yourself, or know folks who have been, the American people are mostly unaware as many of these frankenstorms go totally unreported outside of the local area.
What exactly does that mean? That the MSM is quite deliberately not disseminating important weather info, especially to those areas that are the hardest hit. Why in the world is there so much non-disclosure — BY THE MEDIA — when their very job is to function as a public service to local communities everywhere?
From our seat, there appears to be no location within the 50 states that is immune to a regular dose of chemical geoengineering. Everyone is now remarking about living under direct weather threats—24/7. California has become the site of Weathergeddon, USA. The southern states are likewise being constantly terrorized by hurricane strength mega-storms that destroy whole towns as they paralyze cities like Albany, Georgia*.
*VIDEO: ‘The destruction is phenomenal,' Albany officials discuss damage, missing toddler
Why are you allowing the geoengineers to continue to wreak such havoc, particularly in the states that made your historic election possible?
______________________________________________________________
Special Message to the POTUS:
Surely it's obvious by now to Team Trump that the secret, supranational body, which controls these chemtrail operations worldwide, is using them to sabotage local economies around the country. After 8 calamitous years of Obama's gross negligence, not only are small businesses collapsing left and right, dilapidated infrastructure is failing wherever it's tested by natural and/or manmade catastrophes. The globalist cabal is intentionally engineering these natural disasters to force the expenditure of more federal money that is needed elsewhere. Hence, the geoengineering programs that are being conducted unrelentingly in the skies across the nation are making it virtually impossible to Make America Great Again. What more effective way to prevent you from fulfilling your campaign promises is there than keeping you preoccupied with one weather emergency after another?
______________________________________________________________
Look it, we expected such weather terrorism to be conducted by the treasonous Obama administration. We did NOT expect that such a geoengineering regime of weather manipulation and climate sabotage would worsen under your presidency. And yet it has!
Dear President Trump, you are the Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Armed Forces. In that capacity you are ultimately responsible for the incessant weather terrorism being perpetrated by the U.S. military against the American people. Should you doubt this crucial fact, please consult the following two exposés.
OPERATION INDIGO SKYFOLD: The Most Secret Covert Black Operation In World History
OPERATION CLOVERLEAF: The Most Dangerous Weapons Testing Program In World History
Now you know that you, Mr. President, are actually in charge of these chemtrail aerosol spraying programs nationwide. And, yet, has anyone briefed you on their real purpose … or what they really spray … or what the public health consequences are? For example, are you familiar with CHEMTRAIL SYNDROME: A Global Pandemic Of Epic Proportions?
Based on the accurate answers to each of these and other very important questions, your constitutional responsibilities demand that you terminate them—YESTERDAY ! ! ! One direct command from you simply shuts down the whole God-forsaken Global Warming project.
DID YOU KNOW THAT?
Please be aware that the chemtrails you see in the sky all over D.C., NYC, and WPB are an integral piece of the New World Order agenda to fabricate a Global Warming scenario. Were it not for a few very sharp scientists, the geoengineers might have gotten away with this exceedingly misguided and nefarious scheme.
If you and your team want to know the real backstory to this conspiracy to send the planet into a Global Climate Change (GCC) frenzy, here's an authoritative exposé. The bottom line for you is this: it is chemical geoenineering that is really causing the Global Warming, not anthropogenic CO2. In other words, it is the massive increase in water vapor occurring worldwide via chemtrails that is creating the worldwide weather apocalypse, not human activity causing CO2 production. As follows:
Geoengineering Is The Primary Cause Of Global Climate Change, Not CO2
You are so right to dismiss the Global Warming scam, not because the geoengineers haven't forced the regional temps up year by year; rather, because they have purposefully geoengineered the ruse to advance the GCC agenda of their globalist masters. The deliberate marriage of chemical geoengineering with satellite-based HAARP technology has enabled the geoengineers to take solar radiation management (SRM) to a whole new level. SRM is just another way to justify the creation of enormous chemcloud cover across the planet. Which invariably contributes to the manifestation of their Global Warming scheme.
In conclusion, may we respectfully request that you take some time to read the following backstory that you will not read anywhere else. It will show you how the globalists fabricated the current Global Warming narrative to blame it on human activity that generates CO2. In this way they have manufactured the ongoing Great Recession which they hope will eventually lead to a totalitarian One World Government.
___________________________________________________________
The Backstory:
This is what TPTB did. They saw that the planet had entered a period of global warming. This occurred during World War II when they had to track the weather very closely for wartime purposes. The slight but steady warming of the planet paralleled the same period when the Oil & Gas Industry really began to take off and the global population explosion first began. At the time, when the data really started to pour in, the warming was just a small campfire … this was early on, right after World War II. Soon after they first made those observations about the slow warming of the planet, the decision was made to turn what was really a little campfire into a raging wildfire. They experimented with HAARP and used Chemtrails and other geoengineering technologies to ramp up the heat. Eventually the wildfire of global warming was stoked sufficiently so that full-blown forest fires, brush fires and grass fires were jumping off anywhere and everywhere. In this way the synthetic component Global Warming was fabricated on top of a very real phase of planetary heating.
(Source: New World Order: Where Geoengineering Via Chemtrails Meets The Global Carbon Control Matrix
___________________________________________________________
In light of these explosive revelations about this Global Warming scam, we would hope that you will SHUT DOWN the chemtrail spraying for good. The NWO globalists are literally poisoning us all so that they can use global climate change as a weapon to control US even more. It's way past time for this premeditated weather terrorism to stop, yes?!
Please, President Trump, shut these toxic #$§@&∅%£*?€! chemtrails down asap … and forever.
By the way, we also sent a very serious request to Pope Francis as he has significantly contributed to the false narrative which promotes global climate change via CO2. You would probably enjoy reading this respectful chastisement of the Pontiff.
An OPEN LETTER To Pope Francis Regarding Global Climate Change
Very sincerely,
Concerned Citizens of the USA (Soon to become enraged!)
P.S. We sincerely apologize if the tone of this “Open Letter” may sound demanding, or even presumptuous. However, that's only because we have seen no response whatsoever from your administration to our last letter to you linked below.
Mr. President: Please, PLEASE Shut Down The Chemtrails On January 20th!
Attachments
CHEMTRAILS: A Planetary Catastrophe Created by Geoengineering
NWO Cabal Pursues Total Dominion Over The Earth's Weather And Natural Resources
Global Climate Change: A Definitive Essay On The Primary Causes Of Global Warming
___
Originally posted at: http://stateofthenation2012.com/?p=66817
Court Says CIA Can't Have It Both Ways On Drones
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP
A federal appeals court has rejected an effort by the CIA to deny it has any documents about a U.S. drone program that has killed terrorists overseas, ruling that the agency is stretching the law too far and asking judges "to give their imprimatur to a fiction of deniability that no reasonable person would regard as plausible."
The ruling by a three judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit cites several public speeches by prominent American officials about the U.S. use of weaponized drones, including a 2009 talk by then-CIA director Leon Panetta, a Google+ web chat by President Obama last year and a 2012 speech by the president's new CIA chief, John Brennan.
The case began with Freedom of Information Act request by the American Civil Liberties Union nearly three years ago. It asked for 10 categories of information regarding drones. That request was flatly denied by CIA officials, who argued that confirming the existence of such records could in effect be revealing classified information.
So, the ACLU took the CIA to court. ACLU deputy legal director Jameel Jaffer called Friday's decision "an important victory."
Jaffer added that: "It requires the government to retire the absurd claim that the CIA's involvement in the targeted killing program is a secret, and it will make it more difficult for the government to deflect questions about the program's scope and legal basis. It also means that the CIA will have to explain what records it is withholding, and on what grounds it is withholding them."
The court says the CIA may have to prepare a list of all the drone materials and fight it out in a lower court over whether they should be turned over. The agency still has other legal defenses under the Freedom of Information Act.
The court ruling comes as members of Congress from both political parties press the White House to release more information about its program for targeting terrorism suspects, including American citizens who have been killed without charge or trial. Kentucky Republican Senator Rand Paul highlighted the issue in a nearly 13 hour Senate filibuster earlier this month. And Vermont Democrat Patrick Leahy, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said he voted against the president's new choice to lead the CIA because of the White House refusal to share legal justification for drone strikes.
The momentum built Friday with an op-ed in The Washington Post by prominent Democrat John Podesta, a chief of staff at the White House during the Clinton administration. Podesta wrote that President Obama is "ignoring the system of checks and balances that has governed our country from the earliest days" and, regarding the legal memos, he said, "give them up, Mr. President."
A spokeswoman says the Justice Department is "reviewing" the ruling written by Judge Merrick Garland and joined by Judges David Tatel and Thomas Griffith.
The Justice Department's inspector general is planning to release findings from its review into how the FBI handled the investigation into Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's use of a private email server by next spring.
In an appearance before the House Oversight Committee on Wednesday, Michael Horowitz said that the investigation was not yet complete, but that his team had already conducted significant work in the probe.
“We have interviewed dozens of people. We are not at the 100 level yet, but we're in the dozens range. We've reviewed about 1.2 million records in the course of the investigation,” Horowitz said.
ADVERTISEMENT
"We are aiming to release the report in late winter, early spring. So hopefully in that March-April time period," he added. "Obviously, I can't commit to that, because, as we've seen, events can arise, issues can arise that requires us to do additional interviews or get additional records."
The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General took up the investigation into the FBI's decision-making during the 2016 presidential election earlier this year amid pressure from lawmakers.
In particular, the inspector general is looking into whether former FBI Director James Comey improperly spoke out about the investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server during her tenure as secretary of State.
In July of 2016, Comey announced that his bureau's investigation into the matter had concluded, and recommended against charges for Clinton, saying that while she acted irresponsibly, her actions were not criminal.
Months later, however, he revealed that the FBI had reopened the Clinton email probe, after investigators uncovered new emails from a computer belonging to former Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-N.Y.), who was, at the time, married to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin.
Two days before the November election, Comey said that the FBI had not uncovered any new information in the probe. Still, Clinton and some supporters have criticized Comey for revealing so close to the election that the FBI had reopened its investigation.
President Trump fired Comey in May. At the time, the top cop was overseeing the FBI's investigation into Russian efforts to meddle in the 2016 election, as well as possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow.
JUNEAU (Reuters) - Work crews for BP Plc were clearing contaminated snow on Thursday on Alaska's North Slope after a Prudhoe Bay well line ruptured, spraying a 34-acre area with crude oil and natural gas.
Just how much liquid escaped from the line remains under investigation by BP and Alaska's Department of Environmental Conservation.
It remains unclear whether the leak, detected earlier this week, is connected to a decline in North Slope oil production. BP did not return emails seeking comment.
Since the spill occurred, daily North Slope production has dropped about 10,000 barrels per day, from 533,000 to 521,000, according to state tracking data.
As of Saturday, however, two days before an inspector discovered the problem, production was at 551,000, according to Alaska's Department of Revenue.
The production figures include five major fields, the largest of which is Prudhoe Bay.
The leak comes nearly eight years after BP had to order Prudhoe operations to be partially shut down when a transit line leak discharged about 200,000 gallons of oil.
And it comes four years after the fatal Macondo well explosion in the Gulf of Mexico, in which BP was the operator.
For the current incident BP has a 40-person crew working during the day and about 20 at night, mainly using shovels and brooms.
This time of year that area receives nearly 20 hours of daylight.
BP discovered the leak during a routine investigation on Monday afternoon, according to an Alaska DEC report.
A few hours after discover the line was depressurized to stop the leak, the state report said.
The Justice Department's claims of impartiality are downright laughable in the face of a new WikiLeaks email.
The email, released this Wednesday, proves that a top DOJ official shared information about the legal case concerning Hillary's use of a private email server with the Hillary Clinton campaign team. In other words, the Justice Department was informing the object of an FBI investigation about the progress of that investigation.
This is obstruction of justice.
The email in question – sent from Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik to Clinton campaign manager John Podesta in May 2015 – informed Podesta that the government planned to delay posting Hillary's private emails until 2016. In the message, sent from a non-government email account, he also warned Podesta of an imminent House hearing in which a DOJ official would likely face questions regarding Hillary's emails.
A second email suggests that the State Department was leaking information to the Clinton campaign before the initial story about the secret email account hit the news. According to the email, the Clinton team advised the State Department on how to word its official statements to The New York Times as it prepared to expose the story to the public.
Such backdoor connections should no longer come as a surprise when Hillary Clinton is involved. The question that must be addressed now is whether the Obama Administration can be considered an honest broker in the ongoing investigations against Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation.
“The public's lack of confidence in the Justice Department's ability to handle investigations related to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's impartially ought to be of grave concern for its leadership,” wrote Senator Chuck Grassley (R-IA) in a letter to DOJ Inspector General Michael E. Horowitz. “The entire matter is in desperate need of independent, objective, non-partisan oversight.”
Grassley's letter implored the IG to take a closer look at whether Attorney General Loretta Lynch and her minions had crossed the line.
Lynch is still under fire for her decision to clear Hillary of criminal wrongdoing and her suspicious meeting with Bill Clinton on her private jet on June 27th, 2016.
The American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ) filed a lawsuit against the Justice Department this week in an effort to learn more about the meeting. “This Administration has gone out of its way to hide information from the American public – information that is extremely troubling,” said ACJL Chief Counsel Jay Sekulow.
The rendezvous occurred just a few days before the close of the investigation, and it is widely believed that whatever happened on that airplane influenced Lynch's decision to let Hillary off the hook.
“She [Lynch] has no business having any involvement in an FBI investigation of this magnitude,” argues Sekulow.
President Obama and the Justice Department are now at odds with FBI Director Comey over his decision to reopen the investigation. AG Lynch has the final say on such matters, and Kadzik serves as the Department's liaison with Congress – making his email to Podesta even more suspicious.
Kadzik's long history with Podesta and the Clintons “is incompatible with the ability of Congress to have any confidence in his ability to be fair and impartial in advising on decisions about how to respond to Congressional oversight inquiries related to these matters,” argues Grassley.
Meanwhile, State Department spokesman John Kirby insists that the State Department is not coordinating with the Hillary Clinton campaign.
Editor's note: I've been in many third world countries, and have seeen this over and over again. I would always come back and think how proud I was to live in America where justice would not be corrupted. This is very sad.
The Philadelphia 76ers are in the midst of a lengthy rebuild with no end in sight, and what they will do before Thursday's 3 p.m. ET NBA trade deadline is anybody's guess. But apparently they're putting feelers out for one of their young franchise cornerstones.
The 76ers are “gauging interest” in rookie center Jahlil Okafor, Tom Moore of Calkins Media reported Thursday, citing a league source.
Okafor, whom Philly selected No. 4 overall in the 2015 NBA Draft, is a tremendous talent. He should remain part of the 76ers' long-term plans, even though he's made some mistakes off the court.
The former Duke star is averaging 17.1 points, 7.4 rebounds and 1.2 blocks per game. He's tied with No. 1 pick and Minnesota Timberwolves center Karl-Anthony Towns for the rookie lead in scoring.
Given the uncertainty of center Joel Embiid's health, Philly should do all it can to build its frontcourt around Okafor. Embiid, the No. 3 pick in the 2014 draft, still hasn't played an NBA game because of numerous injuries.
Thumbnail photo via Soobum Im/USA TODAY Sports Images
The ‘℮' symbol, or the ‘e-mark' is a symbol you will see on packaging such as tins or packets in Europe. Millions of us will see this symbol every day, but what does it actually mean?
The raison d'etre for the e-mark comes from the problem of selling goods to the public. We would all like to think that we are getting what we pay for, but does that mean we should always get what we pay for?
Well, if you use the ℮-mark, then no. And yes if you don't. So you use the ℮-mark. By doing so, some of us are short-changed, but, on average, we shouldn't be.
The e-mark was introduced in 1976 by the legislation known by the snappy title of ‘Council Directive 76/211/EEC of 20 January 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the making-up by weight or by volume of certain prepackaged products'.
This sets out a nominal value of a product. This means that, on average, we should not receive less than the value stated before the e-mark. But we would be really annoyed if we received, say, nothing, and someone else received twice the nominal amount. So, the concept of tolerable negative error was introduced at the same time, to set out the minimum legal amount that each packet or tin or container should contain. The idea is that only a few containers can weigh less than the declared value less the tolerable negative error (but none can be twice the tolerable negative error… that would be, well, intolerable).
In packets from 5 grams to 10 kilogrammes, the tolerable negative error varies from 9% (quite a lot) to 1.5% (not such a lot), the rationale being that it is easier to measure larger values with greater accuracy.
Excruciating detail can be found in The Weights and Measures (Packaged Goods) Regulations 2006. It is interesting to note that the HTML version of the Regulations contain illegible formulae:
I leave it as an exercise for the lawyer to determine whether this would be a valid defence in criminal proceedings.
Daughter speaks out on fatal hit-run case
Updated
The 16-year-old daughter of a cyclist who died in a notorious hit-and-run collision in South Australia says the case has left her with little faith in the justice system.
Chloe Humphrey was eight when her father Ian died after his bicycle was struck from behind by a four-wheel-drive on a country road north of Adelaide.
The vehicle was being driven by prominent Adelaide lawyer Eugene McGee, who failed to stop after the collision. More than six hours later, he turned himself in to police.
A witness described seeing Mr McGee driving at a high speed moments before the crash.
Mr McGee had consumed at least four or five glasses of wine over lunch that day, but he was never given a blood alcohol test by police.
He was found guilty of driving without due care and fined $3,000, with his licence suspended for a year.
Speaking for the first time about the crash which killed her father and the long-running legal battle which followed, Ms Humphrey told Australian Story she feels let down by the legal system.
"I don't think a lot of justice has been done," she said.
"How can this man take away so much from another family and then he only gets a small penalty?"
She was not the only one angered by the outcome.
Independent Senator Nick Xenophon said the entire legal board should be sacked as the penalty was a disgrace.
Hundreds of outraged cyclists also rallied on the steps of Parliament House, where the Attorney-General apologised for the outcome of the state's justice system.
In 2005, the South Australian Government held a Royal Commission to look at the failures of the police investigation of the case and the prosecution of Mr McGee.
Following the Royal Commission, further charges were laid against Mr McGee but he was acquitted, and the state's Legal Conduct Board has declined to take action against him.
The Royal Commission was in part instigated by Mr Humphrey's widow, Di Gilcrist, whose campaigns also led to changes in state legislation.
Ms Humphrey says her mother has been an inspiration.
"She's amazing for what she has done and what she's put up with," she said.
"My mum has been the one pushing this the whole time. She's been the driving force behind this for eight years."
'An unmitigated disaster'
Mr McGee - speaking for the first time since the crash in 2003 - says the case has been a tragedy for all concerned.
"It's been an unmitigated disaster for everybody, certainly for my family, clearly for Mr Humphrey's family and for all people associated with Mr Humphrey," he told Australian Story.
"Can I take this opportunity to extend my sympathies to the family for their loss. I am sorry for what occurred and to apologise to them for my reaction to the accident."
Ms Humphrey says she wishes Mr McGee could understand how much he has hurt her and her family.
"I don't know if he does feel much guilt. I'm sure that he would but I don't know that," she said.
"I miss my father every day. I loved him and I wish I got to know him better.
"I do wonder all the time how it might have been. What he would have said on the first day of high school, on my birthdays, and just every day."
For the full story, go to the Australian Story website here: Road To Nowhere screened Part one this week and Part two will air on February 13 at 8.00pm on ABC1.
Topics: crime, law-crime-and-justice, laws, courts-and-trials, adelaide-5000, sa, australia
First posted
Orlando City announced it has officially signed defender Sean St. Ledger.
The Republic of Ireland defender has been on trial with Orlando City for the past few weeks. The club has been waiting for the P1 visa to be finalized in order to make the signing official.
The news comes just in time for St. Ledger to be available for selection in Sunday's opener against New York City F.C. St. Ledger was previously on trial with D.C. United this offseason.
"We're delighted to have Sean on our roster, as he brings a lot of experience at the Club and international level," Orlando City coach Adrian Heath said in a release. "He's a very versatile defender who is comfortable playing in several positions along the backline, which is a big bonus for the squad."
St. Ledger started at center back in several games this preseason for Orlando City, but is battling Seb Hines for the starting job next to Aurelien Collin.
Rivas a designated player; Heath, Turner classified as homegrowns
With the new CBA deal in place, Orlando City will classify Colombian winger/forward Carlos Rivas as a designated player, a team spokesman confirmed.
The move means Orlando City has fulfilled all three DP spots on its roster -- Kaká and Bryan Róchez are also designated players. The 20-year-old Rivas scored 15 goals in all competition for Deportivo Cali last season.
In addition to Rivas being classified as a designated player, midfielder Harrison Heath and defender Tyler Turner will be counted as homegrown players for Orlando City. That is a boost for the team because it the two young players will no longer count against Orlando City's salary cap.
Heath is the son of coach Adrian Heath, while Turner is a former U.S. under-17 player who was signed by Orlando City prior to its final season in USL PRO.
Email at ptenorio@tribune.com. For more soccer news, visit OrlandoSentinel.com/OnThePitch or follow on Twitter @oslions.
A horrified husband was shocked to his bone marrow when he walked into a brothel and saw his wife who claimed to be a waitress, was actually working as a prostitute and was just coming out of a room with another man.
Tatenda Nyika of Gweru, a suburb of Zimbabwe, was left speechless after he discovered that his wife, Miriam Dube, had been selling her body for six months without his knowledge.
Nyika told Zimbabwe tabloid that he was overjoyed when his wife told him that she had found a new job as a waitress in the city where she will do the night shift, after he lost his job.
Nyika said he was glad that the family finally had a stable source of income while he looked for another job but when friends informed him that his wife was actually working as a prostitute, he decided to investigate and see if his friend was saying the truth.
"I kept hearing it from a lot of people, so I decided to follow my wife to her work place and I caught her in the act with another man."
The angry husband was so embitter that he descended on his wife and the man identified as Oscar Tafara, and beat them thoroughly.
Tafara told police after they were all arrested and taken to the station that he did nothing wrong as he only paid for the services that were provided to him and he had no knowledge that Dube was married.
About This Game
Key Features
Survive an all new stand-alone campaign for up to four players.
Endure increasingly hellish new locations and oppressive environments.
Confront blood-chilling new enemies including the Fire Demon, and Summoner.
Experience the trademark sniping, blood-pumping sieges and co-op team play that made the original Nazi Zombie Army a Steam best-seller.
a Steam best-seller. Revel in the return of the infamous X-ray kill cam as your bullets purify the putrid insides of the undead in slow motion.
Defy the odds and survive against overwhelming hordes with traps, explosives and powerful new machine-gun turrets.
Recoil at grotesque new enemies, effects and tense new cinematics.
Savour the all-new Carpenter-esque soundtrack inspired by slasher-horror cinema.
Notes
This is a stand alone game. It does not require Sniper Elite V2 or Sniper Elite: Nazi Zombie Army to play!
Sniper Elite V2 or Sniper Elite: Nazi Zombie Army to play! Steam keys will not activate in Germany
** Please note: a remastered and improved edition of this game is now available in Zombie Army Trilogy.**Experience a terrifyingly intense co-op campaign for up to four players in this gut-wrenching sequel to Steam best-seller,With World War 2 Europe overrun by legions of the undead, you must find mankind's salvation deep in the twisted bowels of Berlin by securing the sacred artefacts that unleashed this damnation. Every step must be paid in blood as players work together against impossible odds and descend further into the demon-infested city and the terrifying Führerbunker itself.Tackle the campaign online in co-op for up to four players, or embark on the twisted missions alone if you've got the bottle.Featuring new enemies, new environments, blood curdling surprises and the return of the infamous X-ray kill cam,will satisfy even the most bloodthirsty of zombie hunters.
Detroit's transportation department waited nearly a decade to set up a ride service program.
Buy Photo Commuters arrive and wait for buses at the Rosa Parks Transit Center in downtown Detroit on Thursday. (Photo: Jessica J. Trevino/Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
Detroit officials sat for years on millions in transportation funds intended for a ride service to help low-income residents get to work.
The Detroit Department of Transportation received a total of $17.4 million in federal and state transportation funds in 2004-12 to start the program, called Job Access and Reverse Commute, that gives cheap door-to-door rides to work for Detroiters who lack cars.
The program has been mentioned as one possible solution to the predicament faced by James Robertson, a 56-year-old Detroit man profiled by the Free Press this week who, due to the region's limited bus service, walks about 21 miles a day in his commute to and from a factory job in Rochester Hills.
But not until last summer — under Mayor Mike Duggan's administration — did DDOT launch the rides program for Detroit residents. Why DDOT didn't set up the program earlier was not immediately clear this week.
The rides are $1.50 each way up to distances of 30 miles, and have given the poor reliable and time-efficient daily commutes in cities across the country.
"In essence the money was sitting there and the city never started the program," said DDOT Director Dan Dirks, who began in early 2014.
Since 2008, the ride service program has been available to low-income residents in Oakland and Macomb counties and areas of Wayne County outside of Detroit. It is coordinated by the Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation, and is even offered in communities that have opted out of SMART bus service.
Detroit has a history of mismanaging federal funds and then having them revoked. Former Detroit emergency manager Kevyn Orr had singled out the city's transportation department for not maximizing opportunities to use and obtain grants, which are typically a significant revenue stream for public bus services.
DDOT has gone through multiple management changes and upheavals in recent years. Its management was partially privatized in 2012 by the administration of then-Mayor Dave Bing. A Dallas-based firm called MV Transportation still has a handful of managers in DDOT under its contract.
Dirks became the fourth person in three years to head the department. He is a former general manager of SMART.
Up and running for seven months now, Detroit's Job Access and Reverse Commute program is proving popular. More than 1,660 residents have signed up, with nearly 1,900 trips each week, Dirks said.
To be eligible for the rides, residents must be seeking integration in the workforce through either school or a job. Their income must be under 150% of the poverty level, which maxes out at $17,505 a year for a single person and $23,595 for a family of two. Variations of the program also serve elderly and disabled residents.
Employment agency Detroit Employment Solutions has been using the program to help some of its clients get from home to work.
"There's a huge need," said agency CEO Pamela Moore. "People have been let go by their employer because they can't get to work on time every day relying on public transportation."
The program likely has enough money to keep running for at least four years, Dirks said.
Those interested in the rides can e-mail jarc_nf@detroitmi.gov or call 313-833-1017.
If you need a ride
Those interested in the rides can e-mail jarc_nf@detroitmi.gov or call 313-833-1017.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1D3JJxM
Home - Search - Browse - Alphabetic Index: 0- 1- 2- 3- 4- 5- 6- 7- 8- 9
A- B- C- D- E- F- G- H- I- J- K- L- M- N- O- P- Q- R- S- T- U- V- W- X- Y- Z Von Braun Mars Expedition - 1969
MEM
Credit: NASA
Status: Study 1969. Thrust: 1,733.80 kN (389,774 lbf). Gross mass: 726,000 kg (1,600,000 lb). Unfuelled mass: 182,000 kg (401,000 lb). Specific impulse: 850 s. Height: 82.00 m (269.00 ft). Diameter: 10.06 m (33.00 ft).
They were entirely reusable for future expeditions, the only element being expendable being the Mars Excursion Module used to visit the planet's surface. This was Von Braun's last attempt to convince the American government to finance his dream. Five months later he would be sidelined to a dead-end headquarters job at NASA, and leave the Agency two years after that.
The successful landing on the moon of Apollo 11 brought a brief period of political enthusiasm for manned spaceflight. A new Space Task Group was formed to recommend a post-Apollo manned space program. On 4 August 1969 NASA Administrator Paine briefed the Space Task Group, with Vice President Agnew chairing, on Marshall's proposed post-Apollo integrated plan. Von Braun briefed the plan for a manned expedition to Mars as a follow-on to Apollo. The Integrated Plan foresaw first flight of a manned space shuttle by 1975, an earth orbit space station soon thereafter, with production and improvement of the Saturn V continuing, and the NERVA nuclear thermal upper stage completing development. All of these projects would mean a Mars spacecraft like that proposed by Boeing in 1969 could be developed, with the only new unique hardware being the Mars Excursion Module (the Mission Module would be one of the modules already proven on the earth orbit station). Testing in earth orbit of the first Mars Excursion Module would begin in 1978, with the first Mars landing coming in 1982.
Von Braun had tweaked his original Mars Expedition scenario between 1952 and 1956 to halve the size of his original Mars expedition spacecraft. He used the same methods in 1969 to come up with Mars spacecraft under half the mass of Boeing's 1968 IMIS. This allowed two Mars expedition spacecraft to travel in convoy on the mission together, providing Von Braun's preferred mutual support and back-up. The Nuclear Shuttles used for propulsion were essentially the same as Boeing's Primary Propulsion Modules, and had 38 metric tons less propellant. But due to lower delta-V's at Mars orbit, only three of the NERVA Primary Propulsion Modules (now called Nuclear Shuttles) were needed per spacecraft as opposed to five in Boeing's study. The spacecraft consists, from fore to aft:
Two lateral PPM's. These were only partially fuelled, enough for the necessary delta-V to set the spacecraft toward Mars on 12 November 1981. They then separated, and maneuvered back to rendezvous and docking with the earth orbit station. There they were refueled and reused for earth-moon shuttle service or a future Mars expedition.
A central PPM. This provided all of the remaining delta-V for the mission - insertion into Mars orbit, trans-Earth injection, and a braking maneuver back into earth orbit at the end of the mission. Significant savings were obtained by braking into and leaving a high-altitude elliptical Mars orbit rather than a low-altitude circular orbit.
A Planetary Mission Module. This was the result of Phase B studies to identify a module that could be used for both earth and lunar space stations and interplanetary flights. It provided six crew with quarters during the mission. It had sufficient consumables that 12 crew could be supported in case one of the spacecraft had to be abandoned anywhere along the route.
Mars Excursion Module. The variation for this mission had a mass of 43 metric tons. It could descend from the high elliptical orbit, and support three crew on the surface for up to sixty days. Since two ships were in convoy, the two MEM's could land near each other and provide mutual support. All six surface crew could return in one of the MEM's ascent stages if needed.
16 unmanned probes. 12 would return samples from various sites on the Martian surface to the orbiting PMM. Four would be dropped into the atmosphere of Venus during the swingby of that planet on the return home.
The mission profile was as follows:
12 November 1981: Trans-Mars injection. Each spacecraft had a starting mass in low earth orbit of 727 metric tons. After the 3.8 m/s maneuver, the two lateral PPM's would separate, leaving the single PPM, PMM, MEM, and probes with a total mass of 614 metric tons.
9 August 1982: Mars orbit insertion. The spacecraft entered an elliptical Mars orbit. This requires a delta-V of only 2.2 km/s, only 1/3 to 1/8 the amount Boeing assumed in their study for obtaining a circular orbit. This was a huge driver in reducing the total expedition mass. Mass before the maneuver was 295 metric tons, and afterwards around 226 metric tons.
The MEM's separate and headed for the surface. Meanwhile, the three crew left aboard each PMM drop the 12 sample-return probes and survey the Martian surface and moons from orbit.
28 October 1982: Trans-Earth Injection. Having shed the MEM and probes, the mass at the start of the maneuver was 172 metric tons.
28 February 1983: Venus swingby. This reduces the velocity at the return to earth, and provided an additional science opportunity. Four probes were dropped into the atmosphere of Venus.
14 August 1983: Earth Orbit Insertion. The PPM fired one last time to brake the spacecraft into low earth orbit. It docked with the earth orbiting space station and the crews and their samples were placed in quarantine. Final mass of each ship was 72.6 metric tons. Von Braun preferred this approach to a direct return to earth in an Apollo Command Module. His mission profile made the propellant available for it, and the risk of contamination of the earth by Martian organisms was eliminated.
The Space Task Group made its final report on 15 September 1969, recommending the whole vast infrastructure envisioned by Von Braun. It was not to be -- every element of the NASA plan, except for a much-compromised space shuttle design, would be stripped away by Nixon's budget office. There was no public support for such a grand scheme. The view of Mars as a seemingly barren, lifeless, and uninteresting world in any case was reinforced by the Mariner 7 mission which flew by the planet the day after Von Braun's presentation was made. His ultimate dream crushed, Von Braun was sidelined to a headquarters post at NASA seven months later. He left NASA in 1972 and died in 1977.
Von Braun Mars Expedition - 1969 Mission Summary:
Summary: Final NASA/Von Braun design for a manned expedition to Mars using nuclear thermal rockets.
Propulsion: Nuclear thermal
Braking at Mars: propulsive
Mission Type: opposition
Venus swingby: yes
Split or All-Up: all up
ISRU: no ISRU
Launch Year: 1981
Crew: 12
Mars Surface payload-metric tons: 5
Outbound time-days: 270
Mars Stay Time-days: 80
Return Time-days: 290
Total Mission Time-days: 640
Total Payload Required in Low Earth Orbit-metric tons: 1452
Total Propellant Required-metric tons: 1088
Propellant Fraction: 0.74
Mass per crew-metric tons: 121
Launch Vehicle Payload to LEO-metric tons: 249
Number of Launches Required to Assemble Payload in Low Earth Orbit: 6
Launch Vehicle: Saturn V-25(S)U
Photo Gallery Mars 69
Credit: NASA Mars 69
Credit: NASA Mars 1969 MM
Credit: NASA
The journalist and author Ta-Nehisi Coates said on Monday that he and his family would not move into a $2.1 million Brooklyn brownstone they recently bought because media coverage of the purchase had made them worried for their safety.
Mr. Coates and his wife used a limited-liability corporation to shield their identities during the transaction — a legal maneuver frequently used by celebrities seeking privacy — but word of the sale leaked to The New York Post, which published an article about the purchase with pictures of the house last week. Real estate and other news organizations soon followed suit.
“Within a day of seeing these articles, my wife and I knew that we could never live in Prospect-Lefferts Garden, that we could never go back home,” Mr. Coates wrote on Monday in The Atlantic, where he is a national correspondent, referring to the Brooklyn neighborhood. “If anything happened to either of us, if anything happened to our son, we'd never forgive ourselves.”
Mr. Coates could not be reached for comment on Tuesday.
Mr. Coates rose to fame in 2015 after the publication of his memoir “Between the World and Me,” which was written in the form of a letter to his son about the history of racial injustice in the United States. It was one of the most discussed books of the year and won the National Book Award for nonfiction.
This thread on the scala-debate mailing list (originally from scala-user) should prove an interesting discussion. It basically covers the two key elements for language adoption in the Java mindshare space: Tool support and stable backing.
Erik Engbrecht makes the good point that tool support is coming along and the people working on Scala are paid to do so.
The tool support is definitely still in active development. There's a general feature race going on between the big three IDEs (Eclipse, NetBeans and IDEA) to support as many languages as possible. With all it's static analysis, Scala has a lot of potential for IDE support. The key, however, is going to be getting past Java's support. All the extra overhead static typing and analysis brings to the table requires the IDE to handle a lot of things developers can otherwise ignore with dynamic languages. For Scala to compete with Java, it's going to need to equal Java on the stuff that's similar, and provide a better view for developers on all the implicit stuff.
I don't think a bunch of researchers working on the language is quite as solid an endorsement as corporate investment, but that doesn't mean it's not worth a lot. For a lot of people it's going to stand up better as an argument than "the BDFL will not abandon this language, because it's his baby."
Bacon Cheddar Ranch Cheeseball Spread Recipe
Preparation time (excluding time to cook the bacon): approx. 10 minutes. Makes approx. 3 cups of spread.
1/2 lb. bacon baked or fried *crisp* then minced finely (reserve the grease)
1 8oz. package cream cheese at room temp.
1 cup shredded extra sharp cheddar cheese at room temp.
1/2 packet dry Ranch dressing mix
1 to 3 tbsp. bacon grease
In a large bowl mix about half of the finely minced crispy bacon, cream cheese, cheddar cheese, Ranch mix and just enough bacon grease to form a big ol' ball. Coat the ball in the remaining minced bacon.
May be served immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve. Great with your favorite crackers or on fresh spears of broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, celery, etc.
Alternate version: Instead of Ranch dressing, try finely chopped pineapple. To make a dip just add enough sour cream to make it a "dipping" consistency. Chopped pecans go perfectly with the bacon coating and a few teaspoons of minced onion is good, too. Really anything that goes with cream cheese will work to make a delicious cheeseball.
Refrigerate any leftovers. Enjoy!
Submitted by Auntie Porkpie
Article
Le PSG vient d'officialiser la prolongation de contrat du jeune Alec Georgen. Le latéral de 18 ans s'est engagé jusqu'en 2020, soit pour deux saisons supplémentaires.
Arrière droit âgé de 18 ans, l'arrière droit Alec Georgen vient de prolonger son contrat avec le PSG de deux saisons supplémentaires comme vient de l'annoncer le club à la surprise générale. Auparavant lié à son club formateur jusqu'en 2018, il est donc désormais sous contrat jusqu'au 30 juin 2020. Le champion d'Europe U17 en 2015 a fait ses débuts en professionnels cette année lors de la demi-finale de Coupe de la Ligue à Bordeaux en janvier dernier en jouant les dernières minutes du match.
Après sa prolongation de contrat, Georgen s'est exprimé concernant ce choix sur le site officiel du club : «Je suis très honoré et extrêmement fier de pouvoir prolonger mon contrat. C'est une grande marque de confiance de la part du club. Cela me pousse, me motive encore plus pour la suite de mon aventure au Paris Saint-Germain. Pour un jeune joueur comme moi, la priorité est d'engranger un maximum de temps de jeu au niveau professionnel, pouvoir accumuler de l'expérience, montrer que je peux évoluer au plus haut niveau. J'espère bien sûr me faire une place au sein de l'effectif du Paris Saint-Germain.»
Cette saison, Georgen a joué avec l'équipe réserve et s'est entraîné de façon sporadique avec les professionnels du PSG, sa présence parmi le groupe pro dépendant aussi des absences. Il devrait faire la préparation d'avant-saison avec l'équipe première durant l'été à venir.
This email is too long to make it onto the podcast this week but I felt I should let people see… this.
…
Dear my fav podcast, although all podcasts are created equal
Just like all humans are equal and all living things that harbor energy are equal
I am writing you today to explain what I have first handedly experienced regarding energy, wizardness, sorcery, and whatnot.
Energy is real
Chi, the life energy of humans is real.
It lives throughout time, that is a guess
Chi can be felt by humans (when living solely in the present moment and submitting to all, and it helps to not think), as well as transferred (directed) to other humans, and animals and living things!
Videogames are also real, for they are created out of energy! But for the sake of this conversation lets stick to humans and dogs.
I am a wizard (telepathic, the first not the only). Dogs are “telepathic” in such that they communicate through the body energies much better than us(humans). Telepathy in our mind (incorrect) is the manipulation of objects (energy or not) with our mind.
Telepathy in my mind, is the manipulation of energy by ourself, that correlates to the equal manipulation of energy in some one else. I do not choose this, energy does.
Simply put, one heart may be achieved through one mind (guess).
I do not choose to have energy, i choose to think or not to think.
My thoughts, when directed at an individual (human or dog) are felt by said individual.
Over the past weeks, it is apparent to me that humans have very similar brains.
It is also apparent that dogs (for example) also feel our energies (love, reproduction, chakras ect) but do not have a similarly architected brain, so their thoughts are incomprehensible to us.
People in my immediate surroundings share my energies even though i do not direct it at them, i am just overly energetic.
Too much so.
The energies of the body are called chakras.
There are 6 body chakras and 1 chakra above us, i like to think of as universal equality.
I rewrote the 7 sins to match up to universal equality.
Pride
Doubt
Taunt / Control
Greed / Want
Wrath / Anger
Past (not real in ANY sense)
Future (inherently not real)
Let it be noted that gluttony, sloth, and lust are not sins for they are not the driving force behind inequality, it is the pride and the control of others.
Doubt may confuse, but it simply is the vehicle that we use that removes us from total love of another.
These “new” sins are the unequalizers of universal love, as well as the removers of the mind from the present moment.
All energy(god) is equal even throughout time!
Matter seems to be a drastically slowed down form of energy, after a loooong period of time (guess).
2025 is the start of a HUGE turning point in human evolution ( a guess)
Although we are our own race, we are not the best race (pride)
We are creating a new race of energetic beings known to most as robots.
In the year 2025, hypothetically, robotic brain processors will be created to that equal to the human brain.
Back to the email.
I wanted to explain energy some more.
There is good (positive) energy, and bad (negative) energy. Everyone has both!
Energy starts, turns into a feeling, turns into a thought, or is echoed subconsciously by our actions.
The energy can start as good or bad, there is not a neutral energy, that is simply lack of energy.
In my opinion (lack of lore knowledge) a wizard channels positive energy, and a sorcerer negative energy.
A monk is simply a human who can channel these energies, but relies on lack of energy to feel the energies around.
This is what I am working on. I am working on simply listening to my surrounding at all times and controlling my mind so that it thinks when I wish to, and is silent otherwise. :)
Chakras are real! (weed makes them vivid shhhh)
Be love! Always in the present moment, and to every one and thing!
Everything will make sense way sooner than you think. ;)
(omit name)
If you want to make sure that your songs sound great no matter where they're played, and what they're played on, referencing is the key.
It doesn't matter whether you're just starting out, or you're a seasoned pro with years of experience under your belt, referencing is essential to making sure that our masters sound great out in the real world – not just our home studios.
“Referencing is really just a fancy word for ‘go listen and compare your masters on a bunch of stuff' “
Referencing is really just a fancy word for “go listen and compare your masters on a bunch of stuff”.
A good analogy for this can be found in web design. Let's say you're a web designer… You're working on your big 27-inch thunderbolt display, designing the most beautiful looking web page the world has ever seen. You sit back and stare it in wonder, thinking ‘look at how clever and talented I am to design such a marvel'.
The problem is, most people are NOT going to be looking at your website on a 27-inch thunderbolt display!
They may be on their iPad, a laptop, their Samsung Galaxy, a 17inch monitor, an old iPhone 3, a Nokia 3310 – Ok, hopefully not the 3310, but it literally could be anything…
The point is, every device, every platform, every browser, all look and behave slightly differently. As you can imagine, this can be a challenge (as I discovered putting together the site you're on now!). The only way to truly test this out is to check the site on as many different platforms and devices as possible and make adjustments and compromises.
Just as a web designer must make sure that their website looks great on most devices, we must make sure that our music sounds great on most playback systems.
The same is true for your music. Just because your master sounds great in your home studio or on your headphones, doesn't mean it'll be the same in a car, on a large HiFi, or on a crappy little boombox. You are the only person who is ever going to listen to your music on your exact system, everyone else is using something different.
One advantage the big mastering houses have over ‘the little guy' is convenient access to a whole bunch of different playback systems in one place.
Often they'll have entire rooms filled with a variety of different speakers, sound systems, and reference monitors, so they can instantly listen back and compare the sound on many different sources. The reason this is important is because ultimately we're trying to make sure that our masters sound great no matter where they're played or what they're played back on.
Although you may not have an entire room of your house dedicated to referencing you masters, we can do this the old school way.
There's no secret to this step, you simply want to burn your master to a CD, or put it on some kind of player, and go and listen to it on as many different systems you can get your hands on. Everything from small portable stereos, the car, a laptop, headphones, a PA, HiFi with a subwoofer, PC speakers, iPod, etc.
Make sure to compare it to the two or three reference tracks you used for comparison in your mastering session. Because all systems sound different, you want to get an idea of what some professionally mastered commercial tracks sound like on them before judging your own.
Look for patterns
What we're looking for are patterns – consistent differences or problems with the audio.
For example, if you notice that your master sounds harsh on four out of five of the playback systems you test, chances are, it's got too much energy somewhere in the 2kHz – 8kHz range.
“Every decision made while mastering a song should be about what's best for that song as a whole.”
On the other hand, if you find that the low-end sounds good on most systems except for your laptop, chances are, this is probably just because the laptop can't reproduce much bass!
The point is, don't jump to conclusions based on one playback system. Use your reference tracks to get an idea of what a commercial master should sound like on a particular system, and then listen to how your masters compare to that.
Keep in mind that you can only do so much in the mastering phase and that if the bass wasn't mixed loud enough, or at the right frequencies, you may not be able to fix it with one overall EQ. As I mentioned earlier, it's often better to go back and fix issues like this in the mix session.
This is the great part about learning to master – it teaches you so much about what you need to be aiming for in the recording and mixing stages.
Mastering is the art of compromise. It's about the overall song and making it the best it can be, not about making an individual instrument sound great at the expense of everything else. Every decision made while mastering a song should be about what's best for that song as a whole.
Three playback systems that make mastering easier
While going out and listening to your masters on a bunch of different systems is important, it can also be a bit of a hassle – especially when you have to keep on coming back and making changes.
I like to have at least three different playback systems / speakers / devices right in my studio and ready to go, so that I can quickly switch between them. If this sounds complicated, it's not!
Firstly, I have my studio monitors. At the moment, I'm using some relatively inexpensive (as monitors go) Yamaha HS80's. They're not the best in the world, but they do a great job and I'm happy with them.
You may be able to record (or even mix) without proper reference monitors, but when it comes to mastering, you're going to find it extremely difficult to hear what's really going on unless you have a set of decent monitors.
Mastering without studio monitors is kind of like trying to paint in the dark. If you can't hear what's really going on with the sound, it's very difficult to make accurate judgements.
You don't need the best or most expensive monitors, you just need some basic studio monitors that will help you hear what's really going on, and aren't going to hype the sound like most consumer HiFi speakers and headphones do.
Check out the HS80's on Amazon: Yamaha HS8 Studio Monitor, Black
Secondly, I always have some headphones on hand. I'm actually using some real ‘el cheapo's' – these Sennheiser HD 201's. You don't need anything fancy, but you do need some headphones to be able to pick up the finer details and stereo balance which is more difficult to hear on monitors. I also like to keep my Apple EarPods around as another reference.
Check out the Sennheiser headphones on Amazon: Sennheiser HD 201 Lightweight Over Ear Headphones
Here's the newer version of those headphones (the 202's) which only cost slightly more: Sennheiser HD 202 II Professional Headphones (Black)
Finally, I have a Bluetooth speaker which I've linked up to some extra outputs on my audio interface. I've used all kinds of things over the years, but the concept is the same – have something to represent the small boombox type systems out there.
The one I'm using at the moment is this Creative audio Bluetooth speaker pictured above. It just gives you a good general representation of the ‘average system' people are listening on these days. It's really affordable and does a good job. It also has a mini-jack input so you can plug straight into it from your sound card if you like.
If you want to check it out on Amazon, here it is: Creative D80 Wireless Bluetooth Speaker (Black)
Every day a bunch of food-lovers submit photos, recipes and links to the food section of Reddit.com, and every day fellow "redditors" discuss why they love or hate the posts. As with all Reddit submissions, the more "upvotes" the community gives a comment the higher it appears on a page. The more downvotes, the more likely the comment is to be hidden or overlooked.
"It looks wasteful and gross, I wouldn't want to eat it. And I'm a fat guy with a beard." — MactheDog (Reddit).
But what happens when redditors can't agree, and a relatively equal number of people love and hate a comment? For the past year, Reddit has been flagging these remarks as "controversial," a label based on the ratio of upvotes to downvotes, despite total number of comments in a thread. Eater worked with a dataset of more than one billion Reddit comments, collected by one ambitious Reddit user, to discover the types of stories that rile up self-professed foodies.
Overall, the data challenges the popular notion that Reddit communities are particularly volatile. Only four percent of the nearly 50,000 posts submitted to the r/food subreddit since 2014 have controversial comments. Of that group, 95 percent have less than 30 controversial comments.
But when a post does divide the community, it tends to fall in one of a few categories. Here now, five topics that tend to spark a foodie-redditor freak-out, plus a look at the 25 Reddit posts that netted the most controversial comments:
Regional Customs
Do you consider deep-dish to be real pizza? Would you eat it with ranch dressing, or wash it down with a can of Blue Ribbon? Chicagoans, Texans, and Portlandian hipsters might, and they will defend their rights to do so if challenged on Reddit.
In a post called "Giordano's," redditor the_YED gives a ranking of Chicago's best deep dish. Out of 1,200 comments on the post, "That's not pizza," is the most controversial, followed by, "Nice quiche!"
Other fights about regional eating habits include the irony of the lack of irony of drinking Pabst Blue Ribbon (PBR) beer in Portland and whether or not In-N-Out Burger is overrated.
Alternative Cooking Methods
Picture aspiring chefs attempting to perfect complicated recipes before nervously presenting them to a panel of expert judges. The judges then critique everything about the dish, from cooking technique to doneness. This isn't a scene from MasterChef, it's a typical post in r/food, except the "expert judges" are self-appointed and always at odds.
Take these sous vide rack of lamb with garlic mustard crust, where many people out of 473 comments debated: Is it done or is it raw?
Now take a look at these gourmet burgers and wings . Burned or perfect?
It doesn't take much for you — or in the case of the burgers, 1,342 commenters — to be the judge.
Excessive Indulgences
Like the amateur food judges, self-appointed dietitians and nutritionists have been the source of r/food controversy. Churro ice cream sandwiches from Disney World may sound like a dream come true for for some boys and girls, but according to one of the nearly 600 Reddit users who commented on the post about it, it's "more like 900 calories gone to waste :)"
Fortunately, the fact that these comments are "controversial" means there are a ton of users who disagree with the rudeness. It also means an equal number agree.
International Cuisines
The stark contrast between various world cuisines is highlighted in controversial stories about international food. This Swedish school lunch had 2,000 redditors commenting, many battling anti-American sentiments.
Shooter Sandwiches
The so-called shooter sandwich began as an experiment in 2010 by Tim Hayward, a London-based food writer who wanted to turn the Beef Wellington into a portable sandwich. The cook stuffed steaks, mushrooms, and herbs into a loaf of bread and used weights to flatten it into a hand-held sandwich. After that, folks around the web began trying their own versions and posting the results online. Reddit has had enough of it, though. A shooter sandwich tops the list of most controversial Reddit posts. Two others are in the top 25.
This is what happens when some people find a food meme to be A) unappetizing B) a waste of food C) a waste of money and D) an excuse to impress people.
But the controversy can be more of a turn-off.
But a little controversy shouldn't steer potential food redditors away from the subreddit. Remember, r/food subscribers are in agreement more than 95 percent of time. Whether this agreement is positive or negative, is another story.
Posted by Jamil Moledina, Google Play, Games Strategic Lead
To celebrate the art of the latest innovative indie games, we're hosting the first Google Play Indie Games Festival in North America on September 24th in San Francisco. At the festival, Android fans and gamers will have a unique opportunity to play new and unreleased indie games from some of the most innovative developers in the US and Canada, as well as vote for their favorite ones.
Registration is now open and the event is free for everyone to enjoy.
We're also excited to announce the games selected to exhibit and compete at the event. From over 200 submissions, we carefully picked 30 games that promise the most fun and engaging experiences to attendees. Fans will have a chance to play a variety of indie games not yet available publicly.
Check out the full list of games selected here and below.
Fans will also have the opportunity to vote for their favorite games at the festival, along with an authoritative panel of judges from Google Play and the game industry. They include:
Ron Carmel, Co-founder of Indie Fund; co-creator of World of Goo
Hyunse Chang, Business Development Manager at Google Play
Lina Chen, Co-founder & CEO of Nix Hydra
David Edery, CEO of Spry Fox
Maria Essig, Partner Manager, Indies at Google Play
Noah Falstein, Chief Game Designer at Google
Dan Fiden, Chief Strategy Officer of Funplus
Emily Greer, CEO of Kongregate
Alex Lee, Producer, Program Manager, Daydream & Project Tango at Google
Jordan Maron, Gamer and independent YouTuber “CaptainSparklez”
We are also thrilled to announce that veteran game designer and professor Richard Lemarchand will be the emcee for the event. He was lead designer at Crystal Dynamics and Naughty Dog, and is now Associate Chair and Associate Professor at the University of Southern California, School of Cinematic Arts, Interactive Media and Games Division.
The winning developers will receive prizes, such Google Cloud credits, NVIDIA SHIELD Android TVs and K1 tablets, Razer Forge TV bundles, and more, to recognize their efforts.
Join us for an exciting opportunity to connect with fellow game fans, get inspired, and celebrate the art of indie games. Learn more about the event on the event website.
The idea to give PC users a way to donate their spare CPU cycles for medical research has been around for quite a while now. This week, a new way to help fight diseases such as cancer revealed itself with the launch of the Folding@Home App for Chrome web browsers.
The app is available from the Chrome store and was developed by Google in collaboration with teams at Stanford University and the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. As with the other Folding@Home apps, the Chrome version accesses unused processor cycles from a PC to simulate protein folding and then sends that information to a computer at Stanford where it will be added to the results from millions of other PCs around the world.
While you could download and use the Chrome app and sent your CPU cycles to Stanford on your own, you could also join Neowin's own Folding@Home team to make an even bigger contribution. Our group is currently ranked 296 (out of 219,666 teams) in the entire world which is pretty impressive. Enter our team number (55186) in Folding@home to add your cycles to Neowin.net's group. You can also check out our Folding@Home thread in Neowin's forums to get more information on our own efforts.
Source: Chrome Store via Guru3D | Image via Google
9-year-old's 'Sacks of Hope' help feed homeless Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Dusty Liulay, 9, started "Dusty's Sacks of Hope" when he was turned down from volunteering at local soup kitchens for being too young. (KOIN) [ + - ] Video
Eileen Park and KOIN 6 News Staff - VANCOUVER, Wash. (KOIN) --- Nine-year-old Dusty Liulay isn't like most kids his age.
"He's got a bit of an old soul in him," his mom, Jenny Lay, told KOIN 6 News.
While many of his peers spend their free time watching TV, playing video games or hanging out outside, Dusty says he enjoys more philanthropic hobbies.
"A lot of people run into a streak of bad luck and lose their homes and food," Dusty said. "So I wanted to help bring hope to them."
On his GoFundMe page, Dusty says he's been volunteering at homeless shelters and soup kitchens in Philadelphia since he was 5. He hoped to continue his volunteer work when his family moved to the Pacific Northwest.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Dusty and his team hand out food to homeless people in downtown Portland. (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Dusty and his team hand out food to homeless people in downtown Portland. (KOIN)
After checking out several soup kitchens in the Portland area, Dusty was sad to learn they required volunteers to be 17 or older.
"I felt sad, I really wanted to help the homeless," Dusty said. "I get to sit down at a dinner table and get a whole table full of food, while they get crumbs."
But he wasn't giving up that easily. The 9-year-old took matters into his own hands and started Dusty's Sacks of Hope to help feed the homeless.
Today, he's got a small team of volunteers by his side.
Dusty's Sacks of Hope will take your donations and make bagged lunches, me and my family will drive into Portland and pass them out to people that need them..there are a lot of homeless people in Portland! Even kids my age. I really want to help them, and with your help, I can.
Dusty's cousin, 6th grader Caelie Agosta, manages their cash flow as the chief fundraising coordinator.
"I don't really like just going outside and playing with my friends," Caelie said. "I like changing the world because it's fun to do."
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Dusty and his family hand out hundreds of sack lunches to homeless people in Portland. (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Dusty and his family hand out hundreds of sack lunches to homeless people in Portland. (KOIN)
Caelie says each brown bag she and her cousin fill with food costs just under $2.
"$200 can feed 120-130 people," she explained.
Dusty's Sacks of Hope is currently collecting donations through a GoFundMe page. And no donation is too small: Dusty says even a $1 donation is great and can help feed someone in need.
As Dusty's Sacks of Hope gains traction, his family says they intend to make the program a non-profit organization so donations will be tax deductible.
For more information or to make a donation, click here.
HAINES CITY, Fla. - A 72-year-old school bus driver was arrested Thursday in Polk County on allegations of sexually abusing students.
Carlos Ojeda, of Haines City, has been arrested on 10 counts of sexual battery.
Polk County sheriff's detectives said Ojeda sexually battered special-needs students under the age of 12 years old.
The students rode the bus that Ojeda drove, sheriff's officials said. All of the children on the bus are special-needs students, officials said.
According to the Polk County Sheriff's Office, a student at Horizons Elementary School in Davenport told his school counselor on Wednesday that he saw Ojeda place his hands down two different girls' pants on several occasions on the school bus.
Police said Friday night that two additional victims have been identified. Two girls under the age of 12 said they were sexually abused by Ojeda at least one time each while riding on a bus he drove, police said. Both victims reportedly said Ojeda gave them candy after abusing them.
A review of the school bus video surveillance system shows Ojeda on April 8, 11 and 12 standing in the stairwell of the bus while it is parked at the school, motioning to the victim to approach him while showing her a piece of candy, authorities said. Deputies said during each occasion, Ojeda would pull the girl toward him, sexually batter her out of the sight of the other students and give her candy, and she goes back to her seat.
"There are no words to describe the depravity displayed by this suspect," Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said. "He drives a school bus, where he has access to these precious children. He lures them with candy and physically assaults them in such a way that nobody will see it or report it. Together with the Polk County School Board, we are committed to keeping children safe. Thanks to their quick actions in reporting this, we were able to prevent this monster from hurting anyone else."
During a post-Miranda interview, Ojeda told detectives he sexually battered the two girls eight times, according to the Sheriff's Office.
Ojeda was booked into the Polk County Jail and was being held on no bond. Police said he chose to defer his hearing until Monday, when his lawyer can be present
Judd said when Ojeda was arrested, he had candy in his pocket.
An investigation is ongoing, and detectives will continue to interview all of the school children, to whom Ojeda had access, and their parents to identify any other potential victims.
According to the Polk County School Board, Ojeda drove a school bus for three different schools: Bus number 0603 for Horizons Elementary, Boone Middle, and Ridge Community High. He has been employed as a PCSB bus driver since April 2007, and the school board has suspended him without pay.
If anyone has information or suspicions about Ojeda, they are urged to contact authorities.
Copyright 2016 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.
Share This Article:
On a cloudy, muggy Saturday, hundreds of San Diegans waited hours for a chance to buy freshly caught seafood at the grand opening of the open-air fish market in Seaport Village.
Support Times of San Diego's growth
with a small monthly contribution Become a supporter
People were waiting for up to two hours long to get their hands on fresh rockfish, black cods, Pacific sanddabs, yellow fin and bluefin tunas, as well as stone crabs, box crabs and other seafoods.
Organizers said they were surprised — even shocked — by the large turnout.
The Tuna Harbor Dockside Fish Market will open weekly from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays.
Red rockfish. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen Black cod. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen Yellow tail being weighed. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen Stone crab at the fish market. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen Supervisor Greg Cox. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen Port Chairman Bob Nelson. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen Port Chairman Bob Nelson and Supervisor Greg Cox with a box crab. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen Price list at the Harbor Dockside Market. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen Market co-manager Zach Roach Jr. with yellow tail and red rock fish. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen Market co-manager Zach Roach Jr. with yellow fin tuna. Photo credit: Alexander Nguyen
Hundreds Turn Out for Grand Opening of Seaside Fish Market was last modified: by
>> Subscribe to Times of San Diego's free daily email newsletter! Click here
Follow Us:
Recognizing the importance of film preservation is a relatively recent phenomenon in Hollywood. Early motion picture film was especially prone to destruction by fire thanks to its nitrate base. And early films that haven't yet been destroyed by fire can deteriorate in any number of other ways. In fact, it's estimated that over 90 percent of all movies made before 1929 are probably lost forever.
From The Film Foundation, a preservation organization:
Half of all American films made before 1950 and over 90% of films made before 1929 are lost forever. The Film Foundation supports "hands-on" preservation and restoration to ensure that these films - these works of art, historical records, and essential representations of our culture - will survive for future generations.
Advertisement
Below we have a collection of movie posters from Hollywood's lost Golden Age.
Factually is Gizmodo's new blog of fun facts, interesting photos, and weird trivia. Join us on Twitter and Facebook.
Image: French actress Renee Adoree and MGM cameraman John Arnold circa 1925 via Getty Images
Whether he was benched or benched himself on Sunday, Mike Wallace left a bitter taste with the Miami Dolphins heading into this offseason.
Fellow wideout Brandon Gibson told reporters that Wallace was frustrated with "not being involved as much as he wanted" in the offense. But will he be involved at all going forward?
Wallace told reporters Monday that he wants to return after signing a five-year, $60 million contract in 2013, but he isn't certain the team wants him around.
"I'm not the general manager or anything, or the head coach," Wallace said, per the South Florida Sun Sentinel. "I'm not sure."
Coach Joe Philbin -- who will be back -- was noncommittal about the future of his top pass-catcher, saying Monday: "Nothing has changed right now. I haven't spent one second thinking about 2015 yet."
Wallace enjoyed his best season in Miami under play-caller Bill Lazor, piling up 67 catches for 862 yards with 10 touchdowns. He went out of his way, though, to voice displeasure with the scheme after calling out Mike Sherman's attack the previous season.
We don't expect Wallace to be cut. The Miami Herald points out that releasing him would count $5.2 million against the cap next season and $6.9 million in 2016, while saving the Dolphins roughly $7 million.
The emergence of rookie Jarvis Landry gives the 'Fins tangible depth at wideout, but Wallace is an unusual talent. If they don't want him around, look for Miami to first attempt to peddle their mercurial pass-catcher in a trade.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast recaps every Week 17 game and debates the MVP race between Aaron Rodgers and J.J. Watt. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
Investigators describe Javaad Fisher as a career criminal who is no stranger to law enforcement.
"In 2003 he did receive a 15 year federal sentence for distribution of crack," said Brian Stalnaker with the U.S. Marshals Fugitive Task Force.
Fisher is a member of the "Third Ward" gang and operates primarily out of the Petersburg and tri-cities areas.
"We definitely feel like he is still gang banging," said Stalnaker. "He's been out on the street for a while now, he's been wanted for a while but we still feel like he's running with the same crew."
Court records show Fisher has an extensive criminal history with charges ranging from possession of cocaine to hit and run. He has spent the last decade in and out of federal prison.
"He's definitely a menace to society, he's dangerous, he's already done 15 years in the federal penitentiary. He violated probation twice," Stalnaker told us.
Fisher may be known on the street as "Loverbutt" or "Unk" and investigators believe he is still in the Petersburg area.
"We've had a couple sightings of him in the tri-cities, Petersburg area," Stalnaker said. "We feel like he may be getting assistance from maybe some other gang members in the area."
His last known address was in the 500 block of St. Luke Street in Petersburg but law enforcement has yet to track him down.
"I'm sure he's having help just staying on the down low and steering clear of police," added Stalnaker.
Despite his name, "Loverbutt" should be considered armed and extremely dangerous.
"Javaad has no remorse, it seems, for anything he does,"Stalnaker explained.
Fisher has two bullets wound scars on his left arm and a tattoo of his initials "JF" on his right wrist. The U.S. Marshals Fugitive Task Force is asking for help to get Javaad Fisher off the streets.
"We need to get Mr. Fisher into custody...definitely would make the Petersburg area a lot safer," he said.
 Under the current ‘tyranny of slenderness' women are forbidden to become large or massive; they must take up as little space as possible. The very contours of a woman's body takes on as she matures - the fuller breasts and rounded hips - have become distateful. The body by which a woman feels herself judged and which by rigorous discipline she must try to assume is the body of early adolescence, slight and unformed, a body lacking flesh or substance, a body in whose very contours the image of immaturity has been inscribed. The requirement that a woman maintain a smooth and hairless skin carries further the theme of inexperience, for an infantilized face must accompany her infantilized body, a face that never ages or furrows its brow in thought. The face of the ideally feminine woman must never display the marks of character, wisdom, and experience that we so admire in men.  Sandra Lee Bartky, Foucault, Femininity, and the Modernization of Patriarchal Power
Notes Show more notes Loading...
REP. DEVIN NUNES (R-Calif.) on Monday denounced what he described as the illegal leak of classified information concerning conversations between associates of Donald Trump and Russian officials. He insisted that those who described those contacts to the press be tracked down and prosecuted. He demanded that FBI Director James B. Comey confirm that such revelations “violate . . . a section of the Espionage Act that criminalizes the disclosure of information concerning the communication and intelligence activities of the United States.”
Forty-eight hours later, Mr. Nunes himself held a news conference in which he cited a confidential source to describe what clearly appeared to be classified information about intercepted communications involving Trump associates. He did this outside the White House, where he had rushed to brief the president about the intercepts — even though the House Intelligence Committee he chairs is supposed to be investigating the Trump campaign's possible connections with Russia.
[Some things are clear enough that you don't need a wiretap to pick them up]
We've said before that it was doubtful that an investigation headed by Mr. Nunes into Russia's interference in the election could be adequate or credible. The chairman's contradictory and clownish grandstanding makes that a certainty. His committee's investigation should be halted immediately — and Mr. Nunes deserves to be subject to the same leaking probe he demanded for the previous disclosures.
Mr. Nunes's behavior provoked head-scratching from Republican colleagues, in addition to denunciations from Democrats; Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) called it “bizarre.” But there was nothing really irrational about the representative's actions: He was simply doing everything in his power to protect President Trump, for whom he has become a fierce, if erratic, guard dog. In denouncing leaks Monday, Mr. Nunes was doing his best to deflect attention from what appears to be a substantial ongoing FBI investigation into whether members of the Trump campaign colluded with Russia.
In offering his own leak Wednesday, Mr. Nunes was trying to provide cover for Mr. Trump's false claim that his campaign had been wiretapped on orders of President Barack Obama — a statement that Mr. Comey flatly described as groundless. Unsurprisingly, Mr. Trump declared hours later — again, falsely — that Mr. Nunes had proved him right.
[Nunes shows why he's incapable of running an investigation]
In fact, as Mr. Nunes himself acknowledged, the intercepts he described were legal and appropriate, the result of routine surveillance of foreign targets, or that were approved by a secret court. The identities of the Americans who were picked up in the conversations were mostly masked — Mr. Nunes said he was able to figure out they were Trump associates because of the context. Quite possibly, the chairman revealed the same intelligence that sources described to The Post when it reported on conversations between Michael Flynn, then Mr. Trump's nominee for national security adviser, and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak — a disclosure Mr. Nunes tarred as criminal.
Mr. Nunes's antics serve only to underline the urgency of a serious, nonpartisan and uncompromising investigation into Russia's interference in the election and any contacts between Moscow's agents and the Trump campaign. The Senate Intelligence Committee, which is also conducting a probe, may make a useful contribution, but as Mr. McCain said, “no longer does the Congress have the credibility to handle this alone.” It is time to discuss the formation of an independent, nonpartisan commission with full subpoena power, like those that investigated the attacks of 9/11 and the intelligence failures in Iraq. In the meantime, House leaders should put an end to the embarrassing travesty being directed by Mr. Nunes.
‘EXO Yutts Sweet Energy' is released.
All That Story's positive energy food ‘Yutts' collaborated with EXO and released the new product ‘EXO Yutts Sweet Energy'.
‘EXO Yutts Sweet Energy' is a collaboration of Yutts which is known as modern Yeot brand (Yeot is Korean traditional hard taffy), and SM Entertainment. The word, Yeot is originated from Korean word, ‘Itta' which means it is continuously connected even if one pulls apart. The new concept of Yutts is a healthy energy food that connects the star and the fans. This is the first time that big entertainment company and Yeot brand company made collaboration products.
The new product has theme of ‘We Are One' which is the slogan of EXO, and the box of the product is symbolically designed by connecting the four sides in a line. It has meaning of connecting the star and fans with love for music and sweet snacks.
Especially, it heightened the value and practicability as tourist souvenir and presents for college entrance exam by providing handkerchief which patterned the logos of EXO and Yutts for package. It's in two colors of black and white which is the common color of EXO and Yutts. There will be special edition of various designs for Christmas and Valentine day.
From October 8th, EXO Yutts Sweet Energy is sold in SM Town Coex Artium in Samseongdong, Seoul, Myeongdong Lotte department store Young Plaza, and SM Stadium in Sallimgwan of DDP.
Wednesday, August 27th, 2014
FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- A fourth lawsuit is now on file against a Fresno heart surgeon. This time it's a wrongful death claim filed by a South Valley family.
The claim is that something went wrong during Gregory Riddle's heart surgery in 2011, something that killed him. His family's attorney tells Action News they're suing Dr. Pervaiz Chaudhry, and Community Regional Medical Center to find out what that something is.
Riddle, of Visalia, had a serious heart condition being treated in the South Valley before he turned to CRMC and his surgeon, Dr. Chaudhry, in Fresno. Riddle died in 2011 and according to his family's attorney they didn't know his death was being investigated by the California Medical Board until a phone call last March.
"They were really unaware of any negligence or malpractice, but obviously that gave rise to some suspicion," Jeff Mitchell said.
Mitchell, a Bay Area-based medical malpractice attorney, says there's too much information missing from Riddle's files to figure out what went wrong. "We're trying to find answers and the best way and the only way sometimes to find answers in these situations is to file lawsuits," he said.
Riddle's family says he was a talented, funny, compassionate man. They declined an interview, but said in a statement to Action News "We hope that we are able to find satisfactory answers about the quality of care that he received. We know that our dad is proud of us for searching for the truth in the circumstances surrounding his death."
"I think they're having a hard time coping with his not being around anymore frankly," Mitchell said.
Mitchell has filed three other lawsuits against Dr. Chaudhry and the hospital.
Action News reported in January that Silvino Perez suffered brain damage following his heart surgery performed by Dr. Chaudhry at CRMC.
Perez is now left in a vegetative state.
The allegations in this case are that Dr. Chaudhry walked out of surgery before it was over, leaving a physician's assistant to close the patient's chest, resulting in the patient's complications.
This is the only open case that Chaudhry's legal team has filed paperwork completely denying all allegations.
Mitchell says there's clearly a problem with Chaudhry's practices. "The hospital was well aware of this but they were basically pushing this stuff under the rug because he was a person of influence and makes the hospital a tremendous amount of money," he said.
The hospital said in an emailed statement to Action News: "At this point, we have not been served so we cannot comment on any allegations it may contain."
Dr. Chaudhry says he's not able to comment about the case at this point. His attorney has not returned our phone calls for comment. null
As much as US$1 trillion of investments has either been deferred or canceled with the lower-for-longer oil prices, and this underinvestment will impact the future of energy, Amin Nasser, the chief executive of Saudi Aramco, said on Tuesday.
“Not many investments have been going into the energy sector... $1 trillion has been either deferred or cancelled,” Nasser said at the Future Investment Initiative conference in Riyadh.
Of the US$1 trillion investment, US$300 billion was earmarked for oil exploration and another US$700 billion for project developments, according to the CEO of the state-held oil giant of OPEC's biggest exporter and de facto leader Saudi Arabia.
“This will have an impact on the future of energy if nothing happens,” Nasser noted, adding that investments are necessary because of “natural depreciation of fields and normal rise in demand.”
“We are witnessing a transformation... But it will be decades before renewable energy takes a major share in the energy mix,” the head of the oil giant said.
In July, Nasser said that if the oil and gas industry didn't start investing again, the global oil supply/demand curve will reach a turning point in “a couple of years.”
“About $1 trillion in investments have already been lost since the current downturn began,” Nasser said in a speech at the World Petroleum Congress in Istanbul in July.
Related: LNG Becomes A Buyer's Market
According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), upstream oil and gas investment is set to rebound modestly this year, following a 44-percent plunge between 2014 and 2016. The IEA expects oil and gas upstream investment to rise by 3 percent this year, thanks to a 53-percent surge in U.S. shale investment and resilient spending in big producing regions such as the Middle East and Russia.
Due to companies' continual slashing of investments, global oil discoveries fell to a record low in 2016, and the number of sanctioned conventional oil projects hit their lowest level in more than 70 years, the IEA said in April, warning that the trend could continue this year.
By Tsvetana Paraskova for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
× Crossroads GPS ad attacking Udall glosses over Castle Rock woman's Obamacare story
DENVER — A new TV ad from Crossroads GPS features a Castle Rock mom criticizing Democratic Sen. Mark Udall for voting for the Affordable Care Act — not a surprising mouthpiece in a race that will likely come down to suburban women.
But the woman in the ad, Richelle McKim, is actually an employee of an energy company that is among the biggest donors to Udall's opponent; and her story, which seemingly contradicts information on her publicly available LinkedIn profile, is at least more complicated than the 30-second version hitting Colorado's airwaves starting Thursday.
In the new spot, titled “Richelle”, McKim is sitting at her kitchen table with a cup of coffee talking about how “policies coming out of Washington really do affect us here at home.”
She describes her husband's decision to start his own business
“We knew we needed to find healthcare,” McKim said. “Because we were a single income family, we couldn't afford our plan.”
On the screen, text appears that reads: “Richelle had to go back to work.”
McKim's own LinkedIn profile shows that she has worked constantly since July 2008 — four months before President Obama was elected.
From July 2008 to May 2010, she worked as an office manager for Mission Basement Company, her husband's company, out of the family's home in Castle Rock.
Since 2010, she has worked in Colorado's oil and gas industry: she served as assistant to the GM of Wattenberg Anadarko Petroleum from May 2010 to August 2013; since then, she's been employed as an engineering technologist by Noble Energy, where she works currently.
Reached by phone Thursday afternoon at her office, McKim explained that she went back to work in 2010 because it was too tough making ends meet on her husband's income.
“It wasn't the Affordable Care Act,” she said. “It was just a financial burden, having a single income for so long.”
When she was working from home, McKim and her young children were covered under her health insurance plan and her husband went without insurance. Adding him to the plan would have cost the family an extra $800 a month because he'd been treated for high blood pressure.
“He had no insurance and that was a very good thing for us,” she said. “We were able to choose if we wanted health insurance or not.”
The Affordable Care Act, which now lowers costs for people with preexisting conditions like high blood pressure, mandated that all individuals get health insurance by the end of last year.
“It's alarming that when we have illegals here, they can still choose if they want health care, but we as citizens no longer have that choice,” McKim said.
McKim's husband is now covered under her employee plan offered by Noble, which offers medical, dental and prescription insurance plans to its employees; Anadarko, her previous employer, also offers medical plans.
“I went back to work to get benefits,” she said.
Anadarko Petroleum is currently the biggest contributor to GOP Congressman Cory Gardner's campaign to unseat Udall, having given $57,550 through the company's political action committee, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Noble Energy has given Gardner's campaign $36,000 to date.
McKim said she was connected with Crossroads GPS through “a friend of a friend” and that she's pleased with the ad's portrayal.
“I think it captured the heart of my message, which is that entrepreneurship is a risk and when you're imposing overreaching policies that mandate people have to buy things they can't afford, it takes that away,” she said.
Why We Introduce Ghost Inhale Vape Pen Trick
As a vapor, you must adore other's Vape pen tricks.
So we want more guys to know more about Vape tricks, and can enjoy your Vape pen.
Wellon e-cig expert wants to introduce how to ghost inhale step by step in this post.
It's a beginner's trick, named it as ghost inhale.
The names of Ghost Inhale
There are several names of Ghost Inhale in Vape group.
Wellon Vape pen experts told us, the Ghost inhale is also referring as the snap inhale or mushroom cloud.
Step by Step Introduce Vape Ghost Inhale Trick
First of all, you should know the detail working theory of Vape Ghost Inhale Trick.
Even it is a vape beginner's trick, you have to know what the Vape Ghost Inhale is.
The key point is that entails the release of a ball of vapor, followed by an act of ‘snapping' it back in.
One can do a Ghost Inhale by taking a long drag and allowing it to linger in the oral cavity for a few seconds, and after that quickly exhale the vapor in a ball shape.
If you want to find a good vape device to attempt Vape Beginner's Trick: Ghost Inhale, click below button to learn latest the Best Refillable LUX Pod System 2018 from Wellontech:
LUX Pod System Kit
By the way, if you want to watch more how to Vape ghost inhale videos, please subscribe at
Wellon Official Youtube Channel
Follow Wellon official website (WWW.WELLONTECH.COM) update to get more detail Vape Beginner's Trick: Ghost Inhale.
Top Vape Trick Post Recommend by Wellon vape expert
The enormous volcano sitting beneath Yellowstone National Park could erupt sooner than previously expected, scientists studying the area say.
Analysis of minerals in fossilised ash has determined that during previous eruptions there were changes in temperature in the run-up that occurred much more quickly than previously thought.
A powerful eruption occurred roughly 630,000 years ago, according to National Geographic, shaking the region and creating the Yellowstone caldera — a bowl about 40 miles wide the encompasses much of the park.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The volcano is so big that a major eruption may choke the Earth's atmosphere with ash.
Researchers at Arizona State University analysed evidence from that eruption, and believe that the super-volcano was awoken after two influxes of fresh magma flowed into the reservoir beneath the caldera.
But, while the volcano could have devastating consequences if it were to erupt, nobody need to worry just yet. The accelerated timeline shows the temperatures around the volcano increased over a period of decades, instead of the centuries scientists had previously believed the process would take.
"It's shocking how little time is required to take a volcanic system from being quiet and sitting there to the edge of an eruption,” Hannah Shamloo, the study's co-author, told the New York Times.
So, what would happen if volcano were to erupt tomorrow? Depending on the size of the eruption, the volcano could cover major portions of the United States in dangerous ash, and the Earth's atmosphere would likely be filled with that same ash.
Ash in the atmosphere would cool the planet, devastating life on Earth if it did not dissipate quickly.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Last night I finally got round to watching the Vice documentary on Jeremy Corbyn. I had heard and read much about it, so little of its contents were a surprise. But it was my wife, Carolyn, who – perhaps because she is largely apolitical – was able to pinpoint its central reveal.
“God, he's bitter, isn't he?”
And it's true. The Labour leader, filmed just six months into his tenure, rarely looks less than angry at his treatment at the hands of the media, a kind of tight-lipped, seething passive aggression that makes the whole thing surprisingly difficult to watch.
So in one sense, he can hardly be blamed if, on occasion, he seeks to create his own media narrative. In fact, that seems to be what his many, many critics want from him: a sense of political and media strategy that will persuade the public that even if he's not prime ministerial material, he can at least be leader of the opposition material.
And then he caught a train to Newcastle and his entourage sensed an opportunity.
I bet they wish they hadn't bothered now.
What's this? An anime about farming? Huh? I've seen anime about action and adventure, fantasies and science fiction, still-life sitcoms, romantic comedies, dystopian futures, alternate histories, sports, giant robots, zombies, and pretty much everything else under the sun… but farming? That's a new one, an idea I haven't seen before. Because, come on, what is there about farming that can possibly entertain us, eh?
Let this anime be a lesson: it's possible to tell a compelling story without anything exotic whatsoever. It's not what you have but how you use it. 😉
Silver Spoon is a farming-based comedic drama that tells the stories of regular people within a setting that most people today know very little about, making it unique despite its normality. The story it weaves is tender, poignant, heartfelt, and hilarious. It's also very informative and educational, it really feels like the creators actually know what they're talking about when it comes to the production of our food, yet it never bores us. Personally, I loved it.
The story primarily follows a young man named Yuugo Hachiken. He is a city boy who's left home and enrolled in an agricultural high school. He represents the audience as we learn about farming alongside him, including animal care, food production, and the rural lifestyle, as well as the risks, rewards, and realities of such. Within this world we are learning about, we experience the lives of Hachiken and his friends, many of whom have great dreams they are working towards. Some of them can hope for success, but others must taste the bitterness of broken dreams. Life, simple life, can be a precarious thing indeed for people as well as livestock.
Not to make a farming pun, but Silver Spoon is a very down-to-earth anime. The setting may be novel for today's audience, but there's a realistic weight to it. This makes the characters' various ordeals hit home, and it makes their happiness all the sweeter.
Which, I don't mean to make it sound as if “weight” is all there is to the story. There really are plenty of good times. There are hilarious misunderstandings, developments of relationships, and intriguing problems that everyone works together to solve. There are questions asked and pondered seriously, most especially by Hachiken as he learns an unfamiliar way of life, but soon, by extension, his classmates must start asking similar questions about the things they take for granted. There's laughter and learning and the triumph of overcoming obstacles to change your point of view. Most of all, no matter how “bad” it gets, students and adults alike rise to the occasion in dignified, mature ways.
And every bit of the show is so very human. Things might be embellished slightly as only an animated story can afford, but the characters are all fantastic, believable, and easy to relate to. They're intelligent, kind, decent, and generally responsible. It's hard not to fall in love with nearly the entire cast. Ultimately, it is through their quirks, their goals, and their approaches to their industry, that Hachiken is able to confront his own issues, his failures, and even identify the root of a dispute which lies between him and his father. But that goes into spoilers, so I'm not going to elaborate here. 😉
Silver Spoon is, at its heart and throughout its entire being, is a hilarious, heart-warming, heart-breaking story about realistic people in realistic situations. It offers a glimpse into a world that is largely unknown and taken for granted today. It's a simple, beautiful story. The only thing it lacks is a clear resolution, which I dearly wish they would produce.
Rating: 9 stars out of 10.
Grade: solid A.
Advertisements
The average daily commute is 55 minutes, each way: which is a lot of reading time, playing Candy Crush time, or, if you're dedicated, doing work time. But many jobseekers consider roles up to 90 minutes travel time away, and for good reason — looking outside your geographic comfort zone can often lead to bigger and better things.
For example, in Oldham latest figures show there were a total of 77,000 jobs. However adding a 40-minute commute to applicants' potential journeys each day opened up an additional 336,500 jobs in nearby Manchester. In Barnsley, there were 76,600 jobs. But 35 minutes away in Sheffield, there were 250,500 roles. And the more roles, the more opportunities for work, as businesses expand and people retire.
Obviously, it follows that the further you look, the more opportunities there are for work. Being flexible and willing to travel opens you up to different economic climates and rates of pay.
Travelling into a major city each day might take longer, but the average wage will undoubtedly be higher. You're likely to be paid more for doing the same thing, and might have access to further job opportunities (both in and outside the company) once you are there. That's definitely worth downloading Angry Birds for.
*Figures from www.nomisweb.co.uk show the number of jobs in these areas. Many of these businesses will be recruiting in the future as they grow, or as existing employees leave for other jobs or retire
Get more jobseeking ideas
On March 21, 2014, Reverend Wayne DeVrou, Senior Pastor for the First Reformed Church in Oostburg, Wisconsin, risked his life by attempting a pet rescue on an icy pond. His heroic actions saved the life of a 100 lbs. Mastiff that fell through the thin ice.
The rescue happened by chance. DeVrou was visiting his mother and needed to make a cell phone call, but due to poor cell phone reception in the home, the pastor stepped outside and crossed the road to get a better connection.
After doing so he heard barks coming from a nearby private marina and upon investigating he discovered a pit bull/lab mix on shore barking desperately. In the frozen water was the Mastiff trying to survive.
According to MLive.com, DeVrou ran back home, picked up rope and returned to the marina to try to save the pet.
As he tried walking on the icy surface to reach the canine, he fell through the ice. Yet the determined man continued his mission and reached the large dog. The preacher helped the pet out of the freezing waters then pulled himself out.
After the large dog was safe on shore, the churchman brought both dogs back to his mother's house and warmed them up. Neither the man nor the pet needed medical attention.
Later that same day DeVrou posted pictures of both dogs on the Leelanau County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) Facebook page to try to reunite them with their owner. Hours later a Peshawbestown resident contacted the Sheriff's Office and was reunited with her pets.
Outspoken Tea Party Republican Rep. Louis Gohmert (TX) got into a late-night altercation with U.S. Park Police over a parking ticket earlier this month. According to Politico, Gohmert attempted to pull rank with the police officers to get out of the citation.
A National Park Service (NPS) police report said that Gohmert's black Ford SUV was cited at 11:00 p.m. on March 13 for parking in a spot reserved for NPS vehicles at Washington's Lincoln Memorial. Gohmert, said the report, was “rude and irate” in his confrontation with the officers.
“I was issued a ticket and I am a congressman and parked my vehicle in the NPS parking only because I have a Congress placard, see,” Gohmert said to one officer. “I am going to a meeting on the Hill and I am the one who oversees the National Park Services and Natural Resources.”
Another officer described Gohmert as “ranting.”
“Oversight of Park Service is my job!” he shouted. “Natural resources! Thus the Congressional Plate in the window.”
Telling an officer he “did not have time” to deal with the issue, Gohmert left his business card with the officer holding his ticket, but insisted that he would not pay it. He then drove away.
Gohmert's office contradicted his assertion to police that he was on his way to a meeting. A representative said on Wednesday that the congressman had been out to dinner with relatives when he decided to take them to the memorial.
“He parked his car in one of several empty park service parking spaces, which a member of Congress is allowed to do with his Congressional plate in the front window as required. When he returned to the car fifteen minutes later, he had a ticket under his windshield wiper right above the Congressional plate,” said spokesperson Kimberly Willingham. “The park service officer said he had not noticed the 5” x 10” Congressional plate in the front window and would not know what it meant had he seen it. The officer accepted the ticket back and apologized.”
Washington, D.C. law states that members of Congress may park their vehicles “in any available curb space in the District of Columbia,” but only if they are on “official business.” Members may not block fire hydrants, loading zones or rush hour zones.
An NPS official and a source with the Capitol Police both told Politico that a congressional plate would not entitle Gohmert to park in a reserved spot at the Lincoln Memorial.
[No photo]
Here's your first look at Leonardo DiCaprio in the role of Leonardo DiCaprio…er, J. Edgar Hoover, in Clint Eastwood‘s upcoming J. Edgar. The film started to shoot this week in LA, based on a script by Dustin Lance Black, and a few photos were shot of the lead actor. There's another shot after the break, as well as a couple of comments from Armie Hammer about how making this film will allow him to live out the fantasies of every teen girl from 1997.
Recapping J. Edgar really fast, we don't know the exact plot, but a lot can be extrapolated from the characters that appear. In addition to Mr. DiCaprio as the first and defining director of the FBI, we've got Naomi Watts as as Helen Gandy, the longtime secretary to Hoover; Ed Westwick as Agent Smith, a clean-cut operative hired by Hoover to write his biography; Josh Lucas is famed aviator Charles Lindbergh; Damon Herriman is Bruno Hauptmann, accused of kidnapping Lindbergh's 20-month baby in 1932. whose trial was a big point in Hoover's early career and, presumably in the film as well; and Ken Howard is U.S. attorney General Harlan F. Stone.
Oh, and Armie Hammer is playing Clyde Tolson, who was not only Hoover's second-in-command and frequent vacation companion, but reportedly his lover as well. You might have wondered if the two actors will make out on screen. Armie Hammer says yes:
It's not a kissing scene—it's a ton of kissing scenes… I'm so excited to work with Clint, and from what I hear, he's not the type of director who has a ton of rehearsals and takes. I think we're just sort of thrown in there and have to make it happen.
Guess that puts to rest any question about how the Hoover/Tolson relationship will appear onscreen. (Unless he was joking.)
[No photo]
[JustJared]
Cadillac is planning on making some big changes to its line up of cars soon and this includes crossovers, coupes and sedans. The first of these will be a replacement for the SRX. This new model is expected to be called XT5 as the brand is changing the way that it names its models. It will be a crossover based on the C1XX platform which is also new and is scalable. The platform is expected to be kept short for the XT5, GMC Arcadia and a Chevy Crossover. In the longer form it will be used for a large Crossover as well a Buick Enclave and Chevy Transverse. The XT5 will be powered by either a turbo four or atmospheric six engines depending on what the customer wants and it is possible it will be powered with the new nine speed automatic from GM. The photos are hard to make though, really because of the amount of camouflage on the car. The photographers have reported that the grille looks very much like the one on the new ATS coupe and that there is a sloping rear window behind what looks like a boxy shape. Radar sensors can also be seen and the mirrors have been moved from the windows on to the foors. There are also two chrome exhaust pipes at the back. It is expected that the car will debut either late 2015 or early 2016 and production will take place in Spring Hill, TN.
Sixth Complementary Tour Offered at this National Historic Landmark Distillery
FRANKFORT, FRANKLIN COUNTY, KY (August 3, 2017) Buffalo Trace Distillery kicks off its long-awaited tour to its famous “Bourbon Pompeii” on Monday, August 7th, 2017. Officially called the E. H. Taylor Tour, the tour will visit three sites at this National Historic Landmark Distillery, two of which have not been open to the public for touring previously. The tour will visit the Old Taylor House, a small white house built in the 1790s, which is the oldest house in Franklin County. Built by Commodore Richard Taylor, E. H. Taylor's great-grandfather, the Old Taylor House has been a residence, a small hospital and a laboratory. After it had sat vacant for a number of years, Buffalo Trace restored it a few years ago and now uses it for internal meeting space. It has not been open to the public for touring until now.
The second stop on the E. H. Taylor Tour will be the much talked about O.F.C. Building, better known by its nick name “Bourbon Pompeii.” This building is a true historic gem in the chronicles of American bourbon distilling, with the original foundation wall built by Taylor in 1869, and then a second foundation Taylor built in 1873 when he set out to build the industry's first “modern” distillery. The fermenting vats inside were found intact and date back to 1883. The foundation and the vats were covered with a cement floor when the building was decommissioned in 1958 and forgotten, until 2016 when Buffalo Trace began work on the O.F.C. Building to turn it into meeting and event space. That plan was altered upon discovery of this rare archeological treasure, although the upper levels of the building will still be used as event space as originally planned. One of Taylor's fermenters will also be re-lined with copper as Taylor had originally designed it, for usage in the near future. These are unique finds, and may arguably be called the oldest, most intact distillery in existence in the United States; as intact remains of early buildings and equipment on most distilleries are completely removed during development and expansion.
The third stop on the E. H. Taylor Tour will take guests inside Warehouse “C,” located across from the Visitor Center. This warehouse was built by Taylor in 1884 and is a beautiful brick and limestone structure that holds about 25,000 barrels. All of the E. H. Taylor, Jr. line of whiskies reside in this warehouse, along with other brands distilled by Buffalo Trace. Taylor was known for his innovation and quality, which is evidenced by his inclusion of steam heat in the warehouses for the winter months, and the fine architectural details found in his buildings. Buffalo Trace still heats its warehouses to this day, (and is one of the only distilleries to do so) which forces its bourbons to receive a full cycle of aging year round instead of lying dormant in the barrel when the temperature dips in the 40s (Fahrenheit,) as it is known to do quite often in Kentucky winters!
After visiting Taylor's barrel warehouse, guests will then return to Buffalo Trace's Visitor Center where they will enjoy a complimentary tasting to round out their tour. The new E. H. Taylor Tour will last about an hour and is complimentary. It will run Monday–Friday at 2:30 p.m. Reservations are required for this tour and can be made online here: http://www.buffalotracedistillery.com/visit-us/our-tours
About Buffalo Trace Distillery
Buffalo Trace Distillery is an American family-owned company based in Frankfort, Franklin County, Kentucky. The Distillery's rich tradition dates back to 1786 and includes such legends as E.H. Taylor, Jr., George T. Stagg, Albert B. Blanton, Orville Schupp, and Elmer T. Lee. Buffalo Trace Distillery is a fully operational Distillery producing bourbon, rye and vodka on site and is a National Historic Landmark as well as is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Distillery has won seven distillery titles since 2000 from such notable publications as Whisky Magazine, Whisky Advocate Magazine and Wine Enthusiast Magazine. It was named Whisky Magazine 2010 World Icons of Whisky “Whisky Visitor Attraction of the Year.” Buffalo Trace Distillery has also garnered more than 200 awards for its wide range of premium whiskies. To learn more about Buffalo Trace Distillery visit www.buffalotracedistillery.com. To download images from Buffalo Trace Distillery visit http://www.buffalotracedistillery.com/media.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
PASADENA, Calif. -- NASA's Mars exploration rover Opportunity is allowing scientists to get a glimpse deep inside Mars.Perched on a rippled Martian plain, a dark rock not much bigger than a basketball was the target of interest for Opportunity during the past two months. Dubbed "Marquette Island," the rock is providing a better understanding of the mineral and chemical makeup of the Martian interior."Marquette Island is different in composition and character from any known rock on Mars or meteorite from Mars," said Steve Squyres of Cornell University in Ithaca, N.Y. Squyres is principal investigator for Opportunity and its twin, Spirit. "It is one of the coolest things Opportunity has found in a very long time."During six years of roving, Opportunity has found only one other rock of comparable size that scientists conclude was ejected from a distant crater. The rover studied the first such rock during its initial three-month mission. Called "Bounce Rock," that rock closely matched the composition of a meteorite from Mars found on Earth.Marquette Island is a coarse-grained rock with a basalt composition. The coarseness indicates it cooled slowly from molten rock, allowing crystals time to grow. This composition suggests to geologists that it originated deep in the crust, not at the surface where it would cool quicker and have finer-grained texture."It is from deep in the crust and someplace far away on Mars, though exactly how deep and how far we can't yet estimate," said Squyres.The composition of Marquette Island, as well as its texture, distinguishes it from other Martian basalt rocks that rovers and landers have examined. Scientists first thought the rock could be another in a series of meteorites that Opportunity has found. However, a much lower nickel content in Marquette Island indicates a Martian origin. The rock's interior contains more magnesium than in typical Martian basalt rocks Spirit has studied. Researchers are determining whether it might represent the precursor rock altered long ago by sulfuric acid to become the sulfate-rich sandstone bedrock that blankets the region of Mars that Opportunity is exploring."It's like having a fragment from another landing site," said Ralf Gellert of the University of Guelph, in Ontario, Canada. Gellert is lead scientist for the alpha particle X-ray spectrometer on Opportunity's robotic arm. "With analysis at an early stage, we're still working on some riddles about this rock."The rover team used Opportunity's rock abrasion tool to grind away some of Marquette Island's weathered surface and expose the interior. This was the 38th rock target Opportunity has ground into, and one of the hardest. The tool was designed to grind into one Martian rock, and this rock may not be its last."We took a conservative approach on our target depth for this grind to ensure we will have enough of the bit left to grind the next hard rock that Opportunity comes across," said Joanna Cohen of Honeybee Robotics Spacecraft Mechanisms Corp., in New York, which built and operates the tool.Opportunity currently is about 30 percent of the way on a 19-kilometer (12-mile) begun in mid-2008 from a crater it studied for two years. It is en route toward a much larger crater, Endeavour. The rover traveled 5.3 kilometers (3.3 miles) in 2009, farther than in any other year on Mars. Opportunity drove away from Marquette Island on Jan. 12."We're on the road again," said Mike Seibert, a rover mission manager at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. "The year ahead will include lots more driving, if all goes well. We'll keep pushing for Endeavour crater but watch for interesting targets along the way where we can stop and smell the roses."Since landing on Mars in 2004, Opportunity has made numerous scientific discoveries, including the first mineralogical evidence that Mars had liquid water. After working 24 times longer than originally planned, Opportunity has driven more than 19 kilometers (11.8 miles) and returned more than 133,000 images. JPL, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the rovers for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington.For more information about the rovers, visit: www.nasa.gov/rovers or http://marsrovers.jpl.nasa.gov
News Media Contact
Guy Webster 818-354-6278Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.guy.webster@jpl.nasa.govDwayne Brown 202-358-1726NASA Headquarters, Washingtondwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov2010-023
I see lots of authors trying to fund the time to write their books via Kickstarter or Indiegogo, and I daily get requests from some of them to promote their campaigns on my Facebook wall. I haven't figured out my stance on all this yet. Certainly, when I was writing my early books (I wrote my first three novels without contracts, and so without advances prior to their completion), I had to make sacrifices (working my ass off to earn enough money ahead of time so that I could afford to take time off from the nonfiction and corporate freelance writing I was doing then to pursue this).
I'm not saying people should have to suffer for their art, but I'm not yet convinced that this is the right alternative, either. And, of course, I come from an era (old fart that I am) in which authors were compensated on the very straightforward model that you made money when people bought your books, simple as that.
Yesterday, when yet another person asked me to promote their Kickstarter, I wrote:
Not to be a Grinch, but I get asked daily to support Kickstarters for authors, and I have very mixed feelings about the crowdfunding concept, which shifts the burden of risk from the artist to the audience (sight-unseen, with no one having reviewed the finished product, the audience is asked to fund the creation of something). I'm not passing judgment on your project — it indeed sounds worthwhile — it's just the funding model in general that I have reservations about. Please forgive me.
So, I'm still struggling with this. I've supported some Kickstarters for projects that clearly are not commercially viable that I'd like to see done. But early books in a writer's career? Those have rarely been commercially viable for anyone, and have always represented a substantial degree of risk and commitment on the part of the author.
Yes, I see parallels to the granting culture that swirls around much of Canadian literature. But far from being entrepreneurial, that culture (asking for government handouts) and this one (crowdfunding) strike me as quite the opposite. As I say, I shall continue to mull over the issue.
The military history of the United Kingdom covers the period from the creation of the united Kingdom of Great Britain, with the political union of England and Scotland in 1707,[1] to the present day.
From the 18th century, with the expansion of the British Empire and the country's industrial strength, Britain's military force became one of the largest and most powerful in the world, particularly that of its navy, with advanced technology and bases across the world. It declined during the 20th century in the wake of two world wars, decolonisation, and the rise of the United States and the USSR as the new superpowers. Britain has been involved in a great many armed conflicts since the union in 1707, on all continents except for Antarctica. Today it still remains a major power with frequent military interventions across the globe since the end of the Cold War in 1991.
The present-day British Armed Forces encompass the Royal Navy, the British Army, and the Royal Air Force.
18th century [ edit ]
19th century [ edit ]
20th century [ edit ]
21st century [ edit ]
List of civil wars [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Black, Jeremy. A military history of Britain: from 1775 to the present (2008)
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Asa Dotzler, Product Director for Firefox at Mozilla, has written a blog post saying that "Microsoft is trying to lock out competing browsers when it comes to Windows running on ARM chips." In a follow-up post, he elaborated on the problems the Firefox team is facing in porting the browser to the Windows 8 ARM platform.
On the x86 version of Windows 8, there are three different models of developing software for the platform. In the "Classic" mode, applications, for all intents and purposes, behave the same as they have in Windows 7. So-called "Metro apps" are simpler and do not allow access to many advanced APIs that are necessary for creating a browser port with the same capabilities as the traditional desktop version of the application. The third mode is labelled as "Metro style desktop enabled browsers". Since Internet Explorer is the only browser on Windows 8 that is allowed to be written as a Classic application, Mozilla was forced to write the x86 Windows 8 version of Firefox under the third category.
The problem Dotzler brings up is that, for non-Microsoft software, only Metro-style apps are allowed on the ARM version of Windows 8. In a comment on his post, Dotzler explained that the Metro applications are subject to a number of restrictions. For example, Metro applications cannot do things like making memory writeable and creating additional processes. Firefox uses both these techniques; having writable memory enables just in time compilers for fast JavaScript and additional processes allows tabs to run more securely in their own process. But since Mozilla can only write the ARM version of Firefox as a Metro style application, Firefox would be a second class citizen – Internet Explorer, which can use all the abilities available to it as a Classic application, would be a lot more powerful.
Meanwhile, Google has backed up Mozilla, saying that it shares the concerns that the Firefox team has expressed. A Windows 8 ARM port of Chrome would face the same limitations if Microsoft persists in allowing third-party browsers to only be implemented as Metro applications.
See also:
(fab)
The rising price of food isn't the only thing driving the revolutionary fervor from Tunisia to Turkey to Brazil. The bad economy was surely a principal factor (remember that Adel Khazri shouted “This is Tunisia, this is unemployment,” as he burned). There was the effect of new social media technology. And then there was that tyranny thing that people seemed to dislike.
But food scarcity is different, because it looks as if it's going to stick around even as the economy improves. And unless we do something about it, the riots and protests will spread.
As Motherboard writer Brian Merchant put it:
Two years ago, the New England Complex Systems Institute published a famous paper that sussed out the mathematical correlation between food prices and unrest: Every time food prices breached a certain threshold, riots broke out worldwide.
We've been bouncing around that threshold — 210 on the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization index — for years now.
There's a bit of a downward trend currently; farmers are planting more. We're on pace to set a new world record for wheat production this year, and, as a result, prices are dropping a bit. But consumption is rising almost as quickly as production. As you can see from the FAO numbers, prices spiked in 2008, then never really settled back down to pre-recession levels.
The problem is that we have more people, eating more food, every year, and farm yields that are stagnating. Add to that the forecast for increased droughts and severe weather, and you have a recipe for rising food prices.
Egypt is especially vulnerable to rising prices because its population is booming and it relies heavily on imports. In recent years Egypt has converted many of its small farms that grow food for local consumption into larger farms that grow cash crops for export. In a report on this trend by the Center for Investigative Reporting, engineer Mamdouh Hamza quoted an Egyptian proverb:
If you don't eat with your hand in the farm to produce your food, you will not be able to think with your own brain; somebody will think for you. Who — who will feed you?
That's more than a rhetorical question now: Egypt was the world's biggest wheat buyer, but the country stopped imports in February as it started running low on cash.
If we want a more prosperous, stable world, we're going to have to either regulate to decrease population (not likely, when we can't even pass a carbon tax), or begin working harder and smarter with food. We'll have to invest in methods to increase food production. We'll have to stop wasting so much, and probably feed less to animals (and internal combustion engines). We'll have to do it sustainably, so we're not robbing our children to feed ourselves. And communities will have to bring more food production closer to home, so they're less vulnerable to the swings of a global commodity market.
Advocates of various political stripes tend to stress one of these points and leave out the rest. The challenge is to meet all of these objectives at once. We can do it, and I think we can make the world more beautiful and equitable in the process, if we're willing to drop ideology and consider all the options before us.
P.S. Kudos to David Frum, who predicted this mess back in 2012.
The Quality of Living Survey 2012 of the international consultancy group Mercer ranks 222 cities in the world according to how livable they are. Tbilisi was ranked on Place 213, provoking furious reactions by many Georgians. On the internet, it is easy to find wild slanders against those who created the ranking and even against those who just referred to it, and there was even an online petition initiated against the ranking.
Without any question, the survey does not capture crucial factors that impact the quality of life. Tbilisi, unlike Lagos in Nigeria that was ranked on Place 202, is a city where one can walk around even at night without being harassed or mugged. Street crime is almost non existent. Moreover, since the anti-corruption measures took effect, Tbilisi's citizens and visitors are not bothered unnecessarily by government representatives. There is no abuse of power by the police, and government officials do not charge bribes for their services. This is worlds apart from other cities that were ranked close to Tbilisi, like Khartoum in the Sudan. Last not least, Georgians have a culture of decency and hospitality that largely prevents them from cheating or ripping off guests and their fellow citizens. This hugely increases life quality. And one could further extend this list of Tbilisi's advantages...
However, if one compares Tbilisi with some of the cities in the top 10 of the ranking, like Vienna (Place 1), Zurich (Place 2), Vancouver (Place 5), and Copenhagen (Place 9), there is one striking factor that distinguishes all these places from Tbilisi. The most livable cities in the world go a long way to make the inner city districts attractive for pedestrians, not for cars. Tbilisi, on the other hand, is a city for cars, not for people.
ANTIQUATED CITY PLANNING
Up to the 60ies of the preceding century, the ideal of a “car city” was pursued by progressive city planners worldwide. The idea of pedestrian subways originated in that time – while cars had the privilege to drive on the surface, enjoying sun and fresh air, pedestrians had to go through tunnels that were built under the streets. Complex road structures as the one on Heroes Square in Tbilisi were typical for those times and could be found all over Europe. Nobody anticipated the problems of automobile transportation, everybody was expected to have a car, and it was deemed unnecessary to take into account pedestrians' needs. On the wave of car enthusiasm, even public transport was reduced. Many cities got rid of their light rails (trams), considered to be mere obstacles for smooth car traffic. While this happened in many cities decades ago, in Tbilisi the light rail was scrapped after the Rose Revolution.
In Tbilisi, pedestrians are forced into dirty tunnels, while cars can drive in the fresh air
Very soon, however, the vision of a car city turned into a nightmare. As we know today, positive atmosphere in a city is a comprehensive experience that consists of shopping opportunities, cafes and restaurants that preferably have their tables under the open sky, and walking around in a nice environment that comprises green areas, street artists, and beautiful buildings. In a car city, on the other hand, walking around is unpleasant. There is noise and pollution, and cafes and restaurants do not have their tables outside. Street life is non existent, and with it any positive urban atmosphere goes down the drain. Due to the lack of customers, shops and department stores disappear, and the inner districts of car cities become concrete deserts. The pedestrian subways become stinky, dark tunnels, and people go a long way to avoid using them.
Already in the 70ies, municipalities all over the world tried to correct their mistakes. Broad sidewalks came at the price of having fewer lanes for the cars. Not so in Tbilisi: on the newly renovated Agmashenebeli Ave the sidewalks are often so crowded that one can walk only at snail's pace. At the same time, the planners decided to have three car lanes in the middle. The Agmashenebeli concept would already have been outdated in the 70ies.
Not surprisingly, pedestrian subways were closed all over the world and replaced by traffic lights and pedestrian crossings
In many car cities, the inner districts had transformed into giant parking decks. The beauty of buildings was hardly enjoyable if cars piled up in front of them, and the sidewalks were misused as parking space, further deteriorating the walking experience. Tbilisi today gives a good impression how it was elsewhere in the world in the beginning of the 70ies. In response, cities began to reserve parking lots to the residents of the inner city districts, and parking bans were strictly enforced. Some cities set up large central parking decks, but it turned out that the ample parking space they provided drew additional cars into the city. The most prudent municipalities therefore opted for artificially restricting the availability of parking space, forcing people to resort to means of public transport.
Pedestrian subways were systematically shut down. In order to allow people to cross streets, there was a high density of traffic lights and pedestrian crossings. Speed limits reduced pollution and made cycling less hazardous. Today the central avenues in cities that live up to modern standards have strictly enforced speed limits. Rustaveli Avenue, on the other hand, is like a 6 lane highway. But who wants to drink a coffee and enjoy street life next to a highway?
In Tbilisi, sidewalks are misused as parking space and even as additional lanes for cars
Prudent cities try actively to deter people from entering the inner city districts by car. All over the world, there are now sophisticated systems in place that allow commuters to park their cars in the outskirts and then continue to the city center by public transport. This requires an upgrade of public transport, which indeed takes place in many cities – new light railways are built from Jerusalem to Berlin at high costs. In some cities that now build new light rails, trams were abolished 50 years ago.
WHY CHANGE ANYTHING?
Don't dismiss the Mercer ranking too lightheartedly – if you are used to Tbilisi and you walk through Vienna or Copenhagen, you will feel the difference immediately. Tbilisi's city planning is not lagging some years behind, but it is outdated by 40 years. Yet it is not only some ranking where Tbilisi could improve considerably through the application of modern city planning. The issue has also concrete economic implications.
One is health. Georgia ranks Place 98 according to its life expectancy. Switzerland, represented with Geneva and Zurich in the top 10 of the Mercer ranking, is the country with the second highest life expectancy in the world. While the average Georgian gets 73 years old, the average Swiss citizen dies at an age of 83 years. Of course, there are multiple reasons that cause this difference, but there is no question that car pollution is highly detrimental for health. This is particularly true in a country like Georgia, where many cars with old and very old engines are populating the streets.
Tbilisi has a 6-lane highway in its center
In the last years, it became clear that so-called particulates emitted from car engines are highly carcinogen and can cause lung problems. These tiny particles, much smaller than ordinary dust, can get into the finest capillaries of the lung and from there even into the blood vessels. As a reaction, strict regulations have been imposed in the European Union, on some days forcing municipalities to block cars from entering the inner city districts to keep the particulate density below the allowance. Without any doubt, the European standards are violated in Tbilisi each and every day.
Another issue is tourism. I was amused to read that an official of the tourism authority claimed that tourists were more concerned about the availability of public toilets in Tbilisi than about the difficulties to cross streets. While virtually no tourist uses public toilets, walking around in Tbilisi is a stressful and unpleasant experience no tourist can escape from. Surely, this is no minor concern for people who want to enjoy their holidays here.
While many problems of Tbilisi are related to a lack of financial resources, making the city attractive through a modern city planning would cost nothing.
The City of Edmonton is reviewing an application from the Edmonton Radial Railway Society to extend the High Level Bridge streetcar tracks from the Old Strathcona Farmers Market to Whyte Avenue.
The group first started working on the project in 2012 and currently has funding in place to cover the total cost of the project, which it estimates at between $800,000 and $900,000.
The city will make up 25 per cent of the total cost while the province will cover slightly more with a $250,000 contribution.
"Our feeling right now is that we're almost at the point with one final hurdle of getting underway with the project," said Chris Ashdown, president of the Edmonton Radial Railway Society.
The proposed extension would see new tracks crossing Gateway Boulevard before turning south to 82nd Avenue. (CBC)
Ashdown said where passengers currently board the streetcar, north of the market, is hidden and a more visible location along Whyte Avenue could increase ridership.
That would require the streetcar to cross Gateway Boulevard, which sees a lot of vehicletraffic.
Using the land along Whyte Avenue between Gateway Boulevard and 102nd Street has already been approved by the city, but potential traffic implications of the expansion have held up the plan.
"It's a main corridor to the city's downtown from the Queen Elizabeth II Highway," said Harry Luke, senior planner with the city. "One of the things is the high volume of traffic movement and how frequent the crossings will be from the Edmonton Radial Railway Society with their streetcar."
Chris Ashdown hopes extending the High Level Bridge streetcar tracks to Whyte Avenue would improve ridership. (Travis McEwan/CBC)
Luke says current bike lane construction along 83rd Avenue would also be affected by the streetcar extension. He said the city and the railway society are trying to come to an agreement on that.
"There's been conversations and some technical requirements that are being proposed to the applicant, and they haven't come to a conclusion yet," Luke said.
The city is expected to make a decision on the streetcar expansion application in the next few weeks.
Travis.mcewan@cbc.ca
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu must make amends with Israel's Arab minority in the wake of his comments about high voter turnout in the tail-end of the recent election campaign, Zionist Union chief Isaac Herzog said on Saturday.
"When Netanyahu said that the Arabs were heading to the polls in droves, he humiliated and hurt 20 percent of Israel's citizens all in the name of his re-election drive," Herzog said. "His first order of business must be to right this wrong with deeds, not with empty words. He must heal this rift that he caused."
“The right-wing government is in danger. Arab voters are going en masse to the polls. Left-wing NGOs are bringing them on buses,” Netanyahu told his supporters on Election Day.“We only have you,” a visibly tired Netanyahu pleaded. “Go to the polls, bring your friends and family, vote Mahal [Likud] to close the gap between us and Labor [Zionist Union].”“With your help and God's help, we will form a nationalist government that will protect the State of Israel,” he added."Netanyahu must do everything in his power to make [Israeli Arabs] fully equal," Herzog said."Throughout its history, Judaism has always known how to respect and honor those who are different," the Zionist Union leader said. "In his choice of words when referring to one-fifth of Israel's citizens, he caused damage to Jewish tradition and he continued to tear apart the human Mosaic that comprises Israeli society.""Words of reconciliation from his spokespeople will not help to heal the wound that he inflicted," Herzog said.Netanyahu, during a Friday interview on the Fox News Channel, was asked by host Megyn Kelly if he regretted comments he made about Arabs turning out to vote against him "in droves."The Israeli premier said his words "should be taken in a larger context.""I warned of foreign money coming in to selectively try and bring out supporters of a list that includes Islamists and other factions that oppose the State of Israel," he said, referring to the Joint Arab list, which on March 17 became the third largest party in the Knesset.Herzog gave his first interview to the Israeli press since his election defeat, telling Channel 2 on Saturday that he has no intention of seeking a place in Netanyahu's coalition."I'm not negotiating," Herzog said. "We will wage a struggle [against the government] from the opposition. I say this as clearly as I can. We will serve as an alternative to Netanyahu. I will head the opposition against him."When asked about the stunning result which gave Netanyahu a resounding victory even though exit polls on Tuesday indicated a tie in the number of Knesset seats, Herzog told Channel 2: "Early on in the campaign, I was convinced we would win.""Three days before the election, I still believed it," he said. "In the two-and-a-half days, Netanyahu reinvented himself. He stooped to resorting to lies, incitement, and racism. It burst out into the fore like a vein that exploded. There is a very deep layer of fearmongering and incitement at play."
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Anthony Johnson is a scary man and a frightening match up for all who fight for the promotion's light heavyweight division. For this, his second stint back in Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), he has brought forth a powerful element that the 205-pound division has been sorely lacking: knockout power coupled with phenomenal takedown defense.
Last Saturday night (July 26, 2014) at the SAP Center in San Jose, California, Johnson needed all of 44 seconds to bludgeon Antonio Rogerio Nogueira with an assortment of punches that were all thrown with extremely bad intentions (video replay here). He would walk away virtually untouched for a knockout victory that left many with their jaw dropped from watching Nogueria crumple in a heap against the cage.
"Lil Nog" was already on the way down when "Rumble" landed another vicious uppercut for good measure, putting his lights out for the evening as referee Herb Dean mercifully intervened to call a halt to the action.
Johnson was heavily favored to win the match up and some oddsmakers had him as high as a 5-to-1 favorite. So the victory itself came as no surprise, but the way in which he went in and wasted little time to do what many felt he would -- finish his opponent -- was what made the win most impressive.
The Blackzilian has been reborn at 205 pounds and is now far removed from his days as an oversized welterweight (and even middleweight), who was cut for continuously failing to make weight in the big show. The knockout victory over "Lil Nog" earned him a "Performance of the Night Bonus" of $50,000 dollars and improved his record to 2-0 as a UFC light heavyweight, 18-4 overall. He also received high praise from UFC President Dana White, who said he was "blown away" with Johnson's performance.
"It's crazy," White told reporters at the post-fight presser. "There's no doubt he is a contender, but he still needs another fight to get up into that. It's amazing. I don't... I don't think we've ever had a guy go from 170 to 205 and actually be more powerful and more devastating than he was at 170. It's crazy. I've never seen anything like it. He looked fantastic tonight."
Johnson, 30, was asked at the presser if he felt that he would dispatch of Nogueira as quickly as he did.
"No," he said. "When you face a guy like Nogueira, you kind of think like 'Okay, this is about to be a battle,' because the last name Nogueira stands out and means a lot. Those guys fight with a lot of pride. But, I knew I had to finish him or hurt him really bad where the judges or anybody didn't have any second guesses and think he won."
Even if he was thinking that way, Johnson doesn't seem to be the type of guy that would say so. However, his teammate, GLORY light heavyweight Tyrone Spong, felt otherwise and sent out a tweet prior to the fight saying "It's about to get ugly!! Crime scene #callthepolice."
Strangely enough, no one asked Johnson about his much-improved striking under coach Henri Hooft as well as the benefits from working with a world-class striker like Spong and how that has translated successfully inside the cage for him in both his wins against Phil Davis and Nogueira.
Johnson would also be a part of the the post-fight festivities on FOX Sports Live where he would be interviewed by Jon Anik, Brian Stann and Daniel Cormier.
Did he feel any pressure to get the finish over "Lil Nog" since he was the heavy favorite?
"I didn't really feel any pressure," Johnson said in his usual calm tone. "I just stayed focused and made sure I did what I had to do to get that 'W.' My camp was great. I had a ton of support, so everything was like peaches and cream to me."
Nogueira went down about as easy as that traditional southern dessert usually does, only faster, and Johnson emphatically said he is "hungry" and that he "wants everybody," as far as future opponents are concerned.
Jon Jones and "DC" are fighting for the title on Sept. 27, 2014. Rashad Evans is still injured and he and Johnson are teammates so that fight won't ever happen. Alexander Gustafsson -- who Cormier replaced -- is also out with a knee injury, and rumors have circled that Glover Teixeira will be facing Phil Davis next, leaving only fighters that are ranked beneath him as his next fight options.
Stann suggested the winner of the UFC Fight Night 47 main event between Ovince St Preux vs. Ryan Bader that takes place on August 16. Johnson was warm to that idea saying, "I would definitely take on either one of those guys and if one of them gets hurt (Jones or Cormier) I would definitely step in. I will take whoever they give me."
Regardless of who maybe next, "Rumble" said he is moving closer to his title aspirations and gave warning to any future opponents.
"I feel like I am getting closer and closer to my goals of being a champion," Johnson told reporters at the post-fight presser. "Whoever they throw in front of me is just in a lot of trouble. They put them in front of me and I'm going to keep knocking them down."
It has now been almost three years since UFC 142, when Johnson lost to Vitor Belfort in Brazil, after failing to make weight for that middleweight clash and subsequently being cut shortly afterward. Over the last couple of years he said he has "grown up a good bit" and still has "a lot of growing up to do." Anik brought up the UFC 142 aftermath and if he knew back then that he would make it all the way back to where he stood on Saturday evening in San Jose.
"Honestly at that moment, I was so down on myself,"Johnson recalled. "I didn't what to do. I didn't know which way to turn. I didn't believe in myself, but during those two years away from the UFC, I definitely gained a lot confidence, so obviously you can see that."
The usual cliché for long-term travel that: everyone can do it, you just save the money, quit your job and go, is one you can find on most blogs and long-term travel related material. I definitely do not think it is correct. There are so many restrictions one can find, most of which are just a matter of sheer luck. For instance:
Being richer than the other three billion people (approx. half of the world's population live on less than $2.50/ day) whose worries include when their next meal would be.
I was born into a family who gave me an education and were able to assist me financially throughout my life.
I am an EU national with an EU passport. Ask the Iranian, Ethiopian or Indian, twenty seven year old girl who would love to see more of our beautiful world how easy it is in today's bureaucratic world full of visas, application forms, bank statements and reference letters.
I am healthy or at least healthy enough to be doing this. Many others have physical or mental restrictions.
I come from a country with a stable economy which resulted in me having a stable job. A peaceful country which I did not have to flee from.
My point is that no, long-term travel is not so easy for everyone. Hence if you do have the opportunity you must realize how lucky you are and appreciate every single moment.
Having said all this, I do believe that most of you reading this can do it. Since we decided to embark on this adventure most questions we get asked from friends and family are related to money which is understandable.
Long story short: no we are not very rich and yes we are paying for the trip. How?
1. We made this trip our priority, hence spending money on anything else was secondary and not so important
2. We started to make a difference between what we need versus to what we want. It is not always easy in today's consumerist world when we are constantly bombarded with the latest trends and with so many unrealistic expectations of how our lives, homes, cars and everything else should be. Of course this is still a learning experience for us as it is not always easy to erase a lifetime of habits and social conditioning. We became so accustomed to instant gratifications and lost sight of what is really important in life. Apart from other positive effects, you can save money once you start asking yourselves whether you really need something.
3. Open a bank account, transfer a fixed amount according to your budget every month and forget about it. Start saving money by eliminating small expenses such as:
The daily coffee before going to the office (€2 * 20 =€40/ month)…make it at home
Daily lunches on work days (€5 * 20= €100/ month)…prepare your own, it's cheaper
TV monthly subscriptions when everything you watch is online
Use public transport (save on fuel and running expenses involved in owning a car)
Get a roommate to reduce your rent and utilities bills…
I know that these amounts might seem very immaterial especially in isolation but once you start removing these expenses the amount you save will add up. Of course everything will depend on your personal budget. Someone with a higher income might not need to go into such details of small amounts, so you have to look at your own lifestyle and decide how you can save money. The above are just some examples.
4. If you own a house, rent it out while you are away and use the money to pay your loan. If you don't have a loan, lucky you, use the proceeds to sustain you while on the road.
In conclusion…
long-term travel might not always be easy and it definitely requires some sacrifices but if you really want to travel then you should find a way to make it happen. Start saving now. Accept the fact that you will be broke when you get back but you would have slept under a sky full of stars in the middle of the desert, sipped tea while looking at endless tea plantations, swam in some of the most picturesque beaches most people only see in postcards, hiked, reached summits, met wonderful people, sat by a river and watched the day go by or whatever rocks your boat.
Click this link to view our journey so far.
