After all the tarballs for GNOME 3.22 the master branch of gnome-software is now open to new features. Along with the usual cleanups and speedups one new feature I've been working on is finally merging the age ratings work.
The age ratings are provided by the upstream-supplied OARS metadata in the AppData file (which can be generated easily online) and then an age classification is generated automatically using the advice from the appropriately-named Common Sense Media group. At the moment I'm not doing any country-specific mapping, although something like this will be required to show appropriate ratings when handling topics like alcohol and drugs.
At the moment the only applications with ratings in Fedora 26 will be Steam games, but I've also emailed any maintainer that includes an <update_contact> email address in the appdata file that also identifies as a game in the desktop categories. If you ship an application with an AppData and you think you should have an age rating please use the generator and add the extra few lines to your AppData file. At the moment there's no requirement for the extra data, although that might be something we introduce just for games in the future.
I don't think many other applications will need the extra application metadata, but if you know of any adult only applications (e.g. in Fedora there's an application for the sole purpose of downloading p0rn) please let me know and I'll contact the maintainer and ask what they think about the idea. Comments, as always, welcome. Thanks!
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If Mike Pence had any doubts about what life would be like on the 2016 Republican presidential ticket with Donald Trump, the past week will have erased them: He is the damage control guy.
The Indiana governor who swore off political mudslinging years ago heard Trump call Democratic rival Hillary Clinton “the devil” and watched him fan the flames of a feud with the parents of a Muslim soldier who died saving U.S. troops in Iraq.
Unlike many vice presidential running mates, the mild-mannered Pence was not tapped as the attack dog in the Nov. 8 presidential election. Trump has that part down pat.
Pence's job is harder: softening Trump's rough edges and limiting the fallout from what many Republicans see as the nominee's self-inflicted wounds.
A week ago, for example, Pence rowed back on Trump's blacklist of some media outlets, saying the campaign is discussing changing course.
Last Sunday, as Trump's dispute with the parents of slain U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan boiled over, Pence issued a statement praising the soldier as an “American hero” and saying that his family “should be cherished by every American.”
On Wednesday, Pence offered his own endorsement to House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican, after Trump infuriated many party leaders by declining to endorse Ryan in his re-election bid.
Pence, who swore off negative campaigning after losing a vituperative congressional race in 1990, eschews name calling. Trump, by contrast, delights in using monikers such as “Crooked Hillary” and “the devil” to describe Clinton.
Trump has made clear he values Pence, telling a rally on Thursday in Portland, Maine, that he and his running mate have a “great relationship.”
But Pence must walk a fine line.
Even as he defuses Trump's verbal bombs, Pence must be careful to show he knows who is boss. He also has to stick to his own principles while not appearing to be trying to undermine the man who chose him as his No. 2.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump (R) and vice presidential candidate Mike Pence speak in an overflow room at a campaign event in Roanoke, Virginia, U.S. July 25, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo
Should Trump win, Pence, a former congressman, could serve as a conduit to the U.S. Congress. But if Trump loses, Pence could emerge as a possible White House contender for 2020.
Republican strategist Charlie Black said Pence has shown some political deftness.
“He should have expected he would do some of this and provide more of the even-tempered, articulate, measured responses,” Black said.
But Republican strategist Ryan Williams said Pence is in an “impossible spot” and said that Trump's missteps could cast a shadow over his running mate's political future.
“Mike Pence is a good Republican but unfortunately he will be associated with the controversies that have ensnared the Trump-Pence ticket and will be tied to whatever the consequences of this election are,” Williams said.
POSITIVE PENCE, TESTY TRUMP
Trump's off-the-cuff insults and controversial proposals, such as a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and a plan to build a wall along the Mexican border to keep illegal immigrants out, have made many in the party establishment uneasy.
The Republican nominee's feud with the Khan family made for an awkward moment for Pence at a campaign event in Carson City, Nevada. A military mother asked Pence how could he tolerate Trump's disrespect for the armed forces, which prompted boos.
Pence admonished the crowd to tone it down. “Folks, that's what freedom looks like and that's what freedom sounds like,” he said before calling Humayun Khan an American hero.
Pence was asked on Thursday by an 11-year-old boy at a North Carolina rally if his role was “softening up” Trump's policies and words.
Pence replied that he and Trump were “shoulder to shoulder” in the campaign.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Christopher Devine, co-author of the book “The VP Advantage” and an assistant political science professor at the University of Dayton in Ohio, said that if Trump loses the November election, Pence may try to position himself as a conservative bridge between Trump supporters and traditional Republicans. That may be an added reason for Pence's cautious approach.
“He has to be very careful about how he handles the defense of Donald Trump,” Devine said.
1 of 1 2 of 1
Members of Parliament from three parties—Conservative, Liberal, and New Democrat—are poised to present petitions with thousands of signatures seeking to stop the extradition to the U.S. of Canada's Prince of Pot, Marc Emery.
The politicians are Conservative MP Scott Reid of Ontario, Vancouver South Liberal MP Ujjal Dosanjh, and Vancouver East NDP MP Libby Davies, the Georgia Straight has learned.
“That's correct,” Reid's aide Mike Firth confirmed by phone from Ottawa. “We haven't arranged a day yet. We're still trying to get a day when the three of them will be available at the same time.”
Last summer, Emery entered into a plea bargain with American authorities that will likely see him thrown in a U.S. jail for at least five years for distributing marijuana seeds.
The petitions ask Conservative justice minister and attorney general Rob Nicholson not to sign the extradition papers of the Vancouver-based cannabis activist.
In a phone interview, Jodie Emery, Marc Emery's wife, related that she and her husband met Reid at a Liberty Summer Seminar organized by the Ontario-based Institute for Liberal Studies.
“Scott Reid was there one year, and we talked to him and he understands that prohibition is a bad idea,” she said.
Emery also recalled that Reid told them his wife once used marijuana when she was undergoing a series of medical treatments. “She doesn't need it anymore, I don't think,” she said. “He said it helps with the nausea. So I guess he's willing to say that he thinks this [the extradition] is wrong too. There are a lot of Conservative party members who said they don't like this happening.”
Reid wasn't available for comment.
By Davies's estimate, the offices of the three MPs have received petitions signed by about 12,000 people who are opposed to Emery's extradition.
She confirmed that her office is communicating with Dosanjh's and Reid's offices to pin down a day when they will bring the petitions to the floor of the House of Commons.
“I'm very happy that we should try and do it on the same day,” Davies said by phone from Ottawa. “You can't necessarily do it one after the other because the Speaker recognizes you not necessarily in the order you want.”
In a separate interview, Dosanjh said that presenting petitions in the House is one of the duties of MPs.
Said Dosanjh on the phone from Ottawa, “Members from three different parties are doing it—it's really a nonpartisan issue.”
In an interview with the Straight in December, after he was released on bail from the North Fraser Pretrial Centre, Marc Emery said that American authorities are out to get him because of the significant work he has done on legalizing marijuana.
Emery cited a media statement issued by then–U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration head Karen Tandy following his arrest in 2005. The release stated that his arrest was “a significant blow not only to the marijuana trafficking trade in the U.S. and Canada, but also to the marijuana legalization movement”.
ATHENS — All along, even after Yante Maten declared for the NBA draft last month, the expectation has been that the UGA basketball star would ultimately be back for his senior season.
Now it's official: Maten will do just that.
Maten is withdrawing his name from the draft, he announced on Tuesday night. While Maten tested the waters, and participated in workouts with at least two NBA teams, he retained his college eligibility by not signing with an agent.
“I've had a good experience working out with teams, and it has helped my development out tremendously,” Maten wrote on his Instagram account. “But I have talked it over with my family and decided to return to the University of Georgia for my senior year. Go dawgs!!”
This is obviously still great news for Georgia, which will thus return one of the SEC's top players last season. Maten, a 6-foot-8 forward from Pontiac, Mich., was first team All-SEC by the coaches last season and second-team All-SEC by the AP. He averaged 18.6 points and 6.8 rebounds per game, while missing four games and almost all of a loss to Kentucky with a sprained knee.
“Yante and I spoke often in the past several weeks, and I'm really proud of how he used the NBA draft process,” Georgia head coach Mark Fox said in a statement e-mailed by a team spokesman. “He's learned a lot, and he will be better because of it. Obviously, we are thrilled he chose to come back for his senior season. His education has also been very important to him since he arrived on campus – and he will have a better path towards graduation now that he is back.”
Georgia, which was a disappointing 19-14 last season, now projects to return nine of its top 10 scorers. The exception is a rather major one: J.J. Frazier, the consensus first-team All-SEC point guard.
But with Maten back, and highly-rated recruit Rayshaun Hammonds, a wing player, the Bulldogs have a potentially strong nucleus. Sophomore Tyree Crump and junior Turtle Jackson are expected to divide up Frazier's minutes at point guard.
Hammonds should compete for a starting spot at small forward, with Maten's return meaning he and junior Derek Ogbeide man the two post spots. (Although Maten could see more time on the wing himself.) The backcourt and small forward positions will be interesting to watch, with Hammonds joining senior Juwan Parker, who started most of last year, as well as sophomore Jordan Harris, Crump, Jackson, junior E'Torrion Wilridge.
Two other incoming freshmen, guard Teshaun Hightower and forward Nicolas Claxton, should also compete for minutes on the perimeter, along with senior Pape Diatta. And incoming freshman Isaac Kante joins junior Mike Edwards as depth in the post.
It was set to be a deep and balanced team, with or without Mante. But now Mante's return gives it some returning star power.
TAMPA, Fla. — On a wall full of guns is a sign that welcomes the presence of personal firearms in a cluttered pawn shop at the heart of this election battleground state.
The invitation also extends to receptive ideas about climate change. A big 29-year-old by the name of Chris Fajardo answered easily when asked whether people are affecting the Earth's temperatures.
“Yeah, absolutely,” he said.
Fajardo handles sensitive deliveries for the store, and he pressed an inky thumbprint onto a government form before leaving with a package late last week.
“Summers are getting hotter, winters are getting shorter,” he added before walking past a life-sized Elvis on the way to his vehicle.
Fajardo is the kind of voter Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is desperately trying to attract in the final days of the presidential race. He's young, Latino, and potentially open to her appeals about addressing inequality, student debt and global warming. Polling shows that Latinos are more concerned about rising temperatures than white voters, by double digits.
Clinton is trying to tap into those beliefs to heighten turnout here. She and her high-powered surrogates are hopscotching Florida in a frenzy of appearances before Election Day. One focus is on the important cross-state corridor between Tampa and Orlando, a hotbed of young and Latino voters. Those two media markets alone are home to 44 percent of the state's registered voters.
In each appearance, she's repeated her warning that Donald Trump, her Republican opponent, disputes the scientific findings on global warming.
“People call 311 because they assume a water main has broken when it's actually the sea rising around them,” Clinton said in Lake Worth, Fla., last week. “This is a big deal for Florida. And I regret to tell you that Florida is behind in dealing with this challenge.”
The focus on Florida is intense. Clinton spent the weekend there campaigning, with an assist from Jennifer Lopez on Saturday. President Obama on Friday spoke to a sellout crowd of about 10,000 on the campus of the University of Central Florida. Former President Bill Clinton will be in the state tomorrow.
Her gambit could pay off, according to political scientists. Obama won Florida by just 74,000 votes in 2012, or 0.9 percentage points. No other state was as close. Turning out a thousand people here and there can help decide the outcome in this politically divided state.
Recent trends stand to help her. It wasn't long ago that Florida Latinos favored Republicans. The large Cuban electorate based in Miami helped carry President George W. Bush to victory in 2004. Then the Latino electorate shifted suddenly in 2008, largely because of an influx of Puerto Rican voters. It's been getting bluer ever since.
No other group of voters has grown as fast in Florida. Hispanics accounted for 88 percent of the Democratic Party's growth in registered voters in the last 10 years. There are now 678,000 Latinos registered as Democrats, compared with 479,000 as Republicans, according to the Pew Research Center. Together, they account for about 15 percent of the state electorate.
“The Democrats have been very aggressive in registering them as they arrive,” said Susan MacManus, a political scientist at the University of South Florida, referring to Puerto Rican immigrants.
A Democratic-allied group called Mi Familia Vota helped about 33,000 people register to vote in Florida this year. Now it's trying to ensure they cast a ballot. About 10 group volunteers were seen fanning out to encourage turnout in a Tampa neighborhood last week.
For all the Democrats' success in expanding Florida's Latino electorate, not everyone can be reached.
Four men sat idly on a curb behind a gas station, waiting to handwash cars that might come by. Three of them said they won't vote.
“I'm not even gonna waste a day,” said Roberto Gonzalez, a 26-year-old father who pulled a $20 bill from his pocket to show his day's wage. He said Clinton and Trump are very similar. He wasn't talking about their policies, but their wealth. “The president is gonna be the same.”
Asked about climate change, Gonzalez said, “Cómo?”
Majority of Latinos say climate very important
A study conducted by Stanford University last year found that Latinos are much more likely to feel personally vulnerable to the effects of climate change than whites. But the researchers haven't been able to pinpoint why.
Overall, 54 percent of Latinos say climate change is extremely or very important to them on a personal level. That's twice the rate of whites.
They also feel more threatened by it. Forty percent of Latinos said they worry that warming will hurt them a great deal or a lot, compared with 29 percent of whites. Those concerns bleed into their support for action. Latinos show more support than whites for government programs to cut emissions, higher levels of belief in man-made climate change and more support for U.S. policies that financially help other nations address warming.
Some believe that could translate to votes.
“They are more likely to attach personal importance to the issue, and more likely to vote based on it,” said Jon Krosnick, a Stanford political scientist who oversaw the poll.
But those are just statistics. People in these palm-punctuated communities sometimes resist being put into categories. They are rich with subtleties. Some believe in climate change but are voting for Trump, who's called it a hoax. Others believe global warming is an invention of the political class, like Clinton and lawmakers of both parties.
“I voted for Trump. I don't like Hillary, she is a criminal,” said Anna Espinosa, 52, as she pulled the sheets off a hotel bed.
About Trump, she pointed to her head and said, “inteligente.” She said climate change is “very scary,” not for its impacts, but because it's used “to control” the public.
‘We should let nature take its course'
Pollsters estimate that only about 13 percent of people nationally see global warming as a top issue when casting a ballot. That includes people who are for and against it.
But to Krosnick and other researchers, there's almost zero downside to talking aggressively about tackling climate change. It can only win votes, they say. That's because only about 5 percent of these climate voters feel passionately that global warming doesn't exist. The other 95 percent see it as perhaps the most important issue facing the globe.
In that way, climate change may be alone.
“It's the only issue I've ever seen where if a candidate takes an explicit position on one side of the issue, it significantly enhances the number of voters who are attracted to them and inspired by them,” Krosnick said.
Not everyone can be persuaded.
Fajardo, of the A-1 Pawn & Gun Shop, won't be voting for Clinton, he said. On climate change, which he says is a problem, he seemed unconcerned about the way a Trump presidency might, or might not, handle it.
“We should let nature take its course,” he said. “There's worse.”
Others who see the impacts of rising temperatures on their childhood sanctuaries are also reluctant to cast a vote for president based on that singular issue.
Jessica Fernandez, 31, is president of the Miami Young Republicans. She speaks solemnly about the degradation of coral reefs near her home, unwise development that threatens species and flooding from sea-level rise.
She received some crossways looks from her members for holding two monthly meetings on the environment in the span of a year. But it's too important to dismiss, she said.
“It affects us every day,” Fernandez said.
Yet she voted for Trump, who's called global warming “bullshit.”
“I think his message is probably not the most sophisticated,” Fernandez said, adding that Trump is correctly sending a message to the middle class that Democratic climate policies could hurt them.
Reprinted from ClimateWire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. E&E provides daily coverage of essential energy and environmental news at www.eenews.net. Click here for the original story.
News
Researchers get to the bottom of fairy circles are round gaps in arid grassland that are distributed very uniformly over the landscape and only occur along the Namib Desert in southern Africa and in parts of Australia. Various theories circulate about the actual cause of these unusual spatial patterns. Scientists from the University of Göttingen, Australia and Israel have now got to the bottom of their cause with soil investigations and drones. more…
Happy as a pig in muck? Photos play an important role when it comes to how agricultural products are seen by consumers. A team of scientists from the Universities of Bozen-Bolzano and Göttingen investigated how people perceive and evaluate photos of a pig in different stalls. The results were published in the scientific journal PLoS ONE. more…
Is our personality affected by the way we look? (Or the way we think we look?) To what extent is our personality an adaptation to our appearance or even our physique? A team of scientists at the University of Göttingen has investigated this question. Their results: it depends – on our gender and on which behaviour. The study was published in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior. more…
Researchers track down new biocatalysts Phosphate is a key element in many processes in the body and essential for global food production. Re-searchers at the University of Göttingen have now developed a method to detect new enzymes from the environment that can release phosphate. This opens up new possibilities for the development and optimisa-tion of phytase-based processes for industrial application, biotechnology and environmentally friendly tech-nologies. The results were published in the scientific journal mBio. more…
Further news
A young Afghan war veteran, whose family has lived in my district for eight generations, wishes to be my next representative in Congress. He would succeed the imploded former Rep. Eric Massa, whom I supported, and who taught me the bittersweet consequences of commingling voter naїvete with false hope, as did candidate-turned-President Obama.
This young Democratic candidate has sent me three letters (I'm sure thousands of other District 29 voters received them, too), saying, in effect, this: “I need your help.”
All across America, as savvy political incumbents and their often hapless, outspent challengers belly up to the fundraising trough, they reach out to folks like you and me – the so-called little guys — asking for $10, $25, $50, whatever we can spare to set this country back on the right path. They're all saying, with false modesty: “I need your help.” (They want our little donations for less than $200, the amount at which candidates must report them to the Federal Election Commission, so they can say they're supported by real people, real voters, not PACs and pass-downs from the national parties.)
This young man from my district fought in a war with real bullets, bombs, and IEDs. He faced menacing threats each day in theater. Now that he's home, he's filed for entry into another war. For that, I commend him – and feel sorry for him. I don't know if, despite a pair of master's degrees, he's sufficiently trained for this kind of warfare.
By now, he's realized he's dependent on staff – to organize his schedule, to be driven to picnics, pubs, and pig roasts while he reads briefing papers prepared by even more staff, to deal with requests from the press for interviews (favorable, even fawning coverage, he hopes), and to build and maintain his website and social media operations. By now, he realizes he needs more money. Lots of money.
In the 2008 election cycle, Massa raised $2.1 million to defeat incumbent Randy Kuhl, who raised about $1.5 million. So far, the young Afghan vet has raised $136,000 or so, compared with the $636,000 raised by the likely Republican candidate. He knows he needs money. Much more money.
And by now, he realizes that acquiring name recognition throughout the district, which he does not enjoy, means he really needs to raise that $2 million or more Massa grabbed for the same reason. Maybe this political novice has recognized, or been bluntly told by “campaign advisers,” that the $25 or $50 I might send him, multiplied by the others to whom he sent his plea, is wholly insufficient for that task. The 660,000 folks in this district in which the median household income is about $42,000 cannot provide him with the several millions of dollars he'll need to make a credible run in November against a better-funded Republican.
Smart Democratic operatives folks with serious money – in this district, mostly leaders of corporations and big institutions with a hint of academia and local pols who can direct the movement of money thrown in – know this. They whisper to him: “Hey, I know people willing to drop serious dollars on you. You want to be deniable about PAC or corporate money? Fine. I'll get them to write you personal checks. … You're a bright, earnest, honest, intelligent man. You'd be good for this district.”
Left unspoken is this: “You'd better be good for the district in return. And you'd damn well better be good for me.” And quid pro quo, disguised by gladhanding at house parties hosted by “real” voters, enters the war veteran's lexicon. Those who want him in office for their own political or business ends hand him checks, even cash, and explain what the district really needs, and his idealistic campaign platform shifts ever so slightly, the first of many, subtle course corrections necessitated by the need for money. And so he learns the worth — and price — of bundlers.
He's smart. He learns quickly. Soon, his campaign website's donation page sets up a tiered system of rewards. Donate $100 and get an invite to a campaign picnic with the candidate. Donate $500? Sit at the head table at the picnic but not next to the candidate. Donate $1,000? Sit next to the candidate, have him pour you a beer, and you get to walk with him to his car (or the one provided by a supportive Democratic car dealer) when he departs. Donate the legal max – $2,400 – and the candidate will meet with you privately and take his own notes on what you think your business the district's business community really needs.
Then the call comes – the one from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, which spent $14,000 on Massa in 2008. Democrats, through Act Blue and other candidates' committees and leadership PACs, dropped nearly a million bucks on getting Kuhl out of the House. The Dems want to keep this seat.
A mellifluous voice on the phone says, “Son, we like your style and your new, fresh ideas and approaches to solving the nation's problems. We think you've got what it takes to be a terrific addition to the House. We think you could really contribute to the work of the House – you know, the business of the American people. We'll send you $25,000 to help your campaign. We can get others to fund you too, Act Blue, unions, all of them. … There are just a few small changes we'd recommend to your campaign platform, nothing big. Oh, we'll send one of our consultants down to give you a hand with your ads. They're a little too soft on your opponent. You gotta be tough, son.”
Money flows in. Consultants arrive. The Afghan vet's website is spic and span'd. His image is spruced up with new clothes; media training follows. A targeted voter database spits out robocalls. Radio spots run; TV ads attack. Twitter and Facebook go ga-ga.
And lo and behold, come November 2, the young Afghan vet, born and bred in the land of the Marcellus shale (and its lawsuits over environmentally damaging hydrofracking for natural gas), is elected to the House of Representatives, for which he'll earn $174,000 a year. Hearty congratulations flow in from friends, family, the folks who sent him checks for $25 and $50 … and top brass from advocacy lobbying organizations, many he's never heard of: PhRMA, API, the NRA, the NEA, the Edison Electric institute, America's Power, Americans for Financial Reform, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, The Business Roundtable, the Sierra Club, the Renewable Fuels Association, the National Association of Realtors, Greenpeace USA, the American Wind Energy Association, the American Dairy Association, the National Corn Growers Association … even the American League of Lobbyists.
All the calls follow the same script: “Looking forward to seeing you in D.C., son. You need anything, just call. Really. Anything at all.”
Two weeks later, the young Afghan veteran, now a duly elected member of the United States House of Representatives, ships out to Washington, D.C., with all the other freshman reps for indoctrination orientation to the House. He's assigned an office in the Cannon House Office Building. He learns he has an office budget of $1.3 million to $4.5 million and is duly “advised” on hiring staff. Senior, presumably wiser, House members suggest this guy and that to help him: “Son, you need someone as your chief of staff who knows the ropes, someone who's been around the Hill a lot, who knows people, especially folks over on K Street … those folks over there can be real useful to you.”
That chief of staff, the new member of Congress learns, can be paid almost as much as him, about $168,000. And the new House member will need someone who can deceive handle the press, and these days, that means someone who can also deal with rabid, vapid bloggers and Twitterstorms and Facebook fans. Add a scheduler, hands-on constituent handlers, and so on. Oh, he'll need staff in his district offices, too. Hmmm. Experienced Hill people suggest he thank reward some campaign volunteers with those jobs back home in western New York.
He's assigned to House committees and subcommittees. Some he likes, others, not so much. It's how we work, son. The people's business is done quietly, real quietly, in committees. We sort the wheat from the chaff. Or at least committee staff does …
He's taken to the House Recording Studio, recently moved to the 580,000-square-foot, $600 million, three-years-late Capitol Visitor Center, and learns to use its digital facilities. For, y'know, keeping in touch with constituents. For emailing to the press video clips of him commenting on the important issues of the day as he stands beside the American flag in front of fake bookcases, clips local TV stations can splice into newscasts back in the district or dump on their news-lean, aggregation-heavy websites.
Each night, he attends receptions and more receptions, hosted by lobbyists pretending not to be lobbyists. He's offered advice, counsel, and gen-yew-ine friendship by men and women wearing clothes that cost more than the Kevlar KM2 fiber body armor that protected him in Afghanistan. His Blackberry fills up with contacts as fast as campaign contributions churn toward his bank. He learns that the banking industry alone has five lobbyists for every member of Congress.
He meets the president of the United States, the man he once saluted as his commander-in-chief, and the man he is now required to face fearlessly as a constitutional check and balance.
He's sworn in by the Speaker of the House, who, a few weeks later, will chew him out for having lunch in the Ernest Petinaud Members' Dining Room with a freshman GOP representative he met at orientation. He learns quickly the mantra: No consorting with the enemy. No matter, because he learns, too, that he does not have time to make friends. On weekends, and they begin Thursday night, he flies back to the district, attends fundraisers and ribbon-cuttings and photo ops, and flies back to D.C. late Monday, when he'll deposit the donors' checks he collected.
He'll live in an overpriced D.C. apartment or townhouse, perhaps sharing costs with a few other members (as long as they're Democrats). During his weekday evenings, and even in his office between his 15-minute scheduled appointments, he'll make phone calls to potential donors, shoring up his campaign war chest. And this is war, the atmospherics of Congress teach him.
People swarm to his office. Some are constituents, awestruck or mystified by D.C., wanting only an autograph or a flag flown over the Capitol. Others are staffers of other members or committees, coordinating stuff needing coordinating, details below his need to know. Most are lobbyists willing to impart information you need, son. His chief of staff, that experienced Hill staffer, deflects them from him, but sits with some and writes the language of bills our Afghan veteran would like to be told he ought to sponsor. He learns deal-making: a vote for another member's bill in exchange for a vote on his bill. He learns to swallow the compromise. After a while, the deals go down more easily.
When the House is in session, he sits on one side of the aisle, the enemy sits on the other. He watches as the speaker, the majority leader, the whip, the Democratic Caucus maintain order and discipline. He's a military man. He grasps that. Order and discipline … mean power and control and re-election. “That's how you stay here, son. Follow the caucus, and you've got a 95 percent change of being re-elected, term after term.”
He learns a new language, that of deniability — the passive voice: “It's unfortunate that the bill was not passed …”
Months fly by. He changes. He's somehow different. Back in the district for fundraising, he dresses better than he used to, better than his constituents. He speaks indirectly. Promises once proudly, firmly made are rephrased as mere statements of intent. Bloggers in the district notice. They compare the rhetoric of his campaign to the voting record and the press releases flowing from his House office each day. They don't match up.
The new member of Congress is called to task, as bloggers callously reprint a sentence from his announcement to run made months before:
[C]ome voting time, I don't care whether an idea is Republican or Democrat, if it makes sense and will benefit the folks of this district and our country I will support it.
He cares now. He's in the club. He wants to stay there.
In the summer of 2012, he sends me another letter: “I need your help.”
I flash with anger, yelling, “Goddamn it, you need my help? What the fuck are you going to do for me?”
And I don't send him another $25 check.
photo credits:
• House Chamber: Clerk of the House
• 2006 House freshman class: Stephen Crowley, The New York Times
More than a dozen women have accused comedian Bill Cosby of sexual assault, including Joan Tarshis, whose account was published by Hollywood Elsewhere last weekend. Tarshis, like many other accusers, said Cosby drugged her, then assaulted her.
The Village Voice saw a connection between many of his accusers' statements and Cosby's 1969 comedy album, “It's True! It's True!” In it, Cosby has a bit called “Spanish Fly,” which jokes about a substance that, legend has it, would make women feel amorous. Cosby said that he'd been interested in acquiring “Spanish fly” since childhood and that there was a cult around the supposed effects of the drug, implying it was put in women's drinks without their knowledge or consent. Cosby said boys would think, if they saw “five girls standing alone” at a party, “Boy, if I had a whole jug of Spanish fly, I'd light that whole corner up over there.” When his show “I Spy” brought him to Spain, Cosby said he set out to find the drug, setting up the punch line when the cab driver asks him whether he brought with him any “American fly.”
When I went looking for other Cosby mentions of “Spanish fly,” I found one 22 years after the release of his album. Cosby told a version of the story in his 1991 book, “Childhood.” “Spanish fly” is one of the most common phrases in the book, according to Google's word cloud. (FiveThirtyEight wasn't able to find a copy before this piece was published.) He brought up the story in a 1991 interview with Larry King on CNN, to promote the book.
Cosby mentions it as an example of stories in the book that he hasn't told before. Here's the relevant portion of the interview, according to a transcript from Nexis:
COSBY: There's a thing about Spanish Fly. Do you know anything about Spanish Fly? KING: When we were kids we used to- COSBY: There you go. There you go. That's all. I just wanted the recognition. KING: Yes. COSBY: Spanish Fly. KING: We knew what it was. COSBY: Spanish Fly was the thing that all boys from age 11 on up to death — We will still be searching for Spanish Fly. KING: [laughs] That's right. COSBY: And what was the old- The old story was, if you took a little drop — It was on the head of a- KING: Pin. COSBY: -pin! And you put it in a drink- KING: That's right. Drop it in her Coca-cola — It doesn't matter. COSBY: It doesn't make any difference. And the girl would drink it and- KING: And she's yours. COSBY: -‘Hello, America!' And there's a story in there about Spanish Fly. So I think that everybody — any guy picking it up will just have a ball reading about that.
King then switches topics, asking, “Why is childhood difficult?”
Others besides King also didn't react negatively to the bit. In a Tucson Daily Citizen article in 1969, Harold Stern commended Cosby for the “adroit way” he tells the story “without ever straying out of bounds.” Ronald Smith, in his 1986 book “Cosby,” calls the bit “mild.”
More recent readers of “Childhood” haven't flagged the passage. At Goodreads, reviewers rate the book, on average, 3.72 out of 5. None of the 29 reviews mentions what the Goodreads summary calls Cosby's “heroic quest for Spanish Fly.”
That the allegations have something in common with Cosby's comedy isn't conclusive. Before Tarshis came forward, Cosby's lawyer called charges against his client “discredited,” without pointing to the evidence that discredited them. “The fact that they are being repeated does not make them true,” said John P. Schmitt, who added that there would be “no further statement from Mr. Cosby or any of his representatives.”
PETALING JAYA: A Yemeni information technology (IT) consultant was fined RM400 (US$96) by the Magistrate's Court in Malaysia on Friday (Nov 17) for dressing up as a suicide bomber for a Halloween party last month.
Magistrate Nurulhuda Zakariya meted out the punishment to Amjad Jalal Ahmed Al-Dahan, 34, after he pleaded guilty to the offence.
Advertisement
He was charged with committing public nuisance by dressing up as a suicide bomber at a condominium in Damansara Perdana at 7.40pm on Oct 28.
He was charged under Section 290 of the Penal Code, which carries a maximum fine of RM400.
Amjad paid the fine, or would have risked being jailed for four days if he failed to pay it.
Earlier, counsel Mrs Sri N Saraswathy Devi, who represented Amjad, appealed for leniency on the grounds that he had been remanded for a week and had apologised for his actions.
Advertisement
Advertisement
However, Deputy Public Prosecutor Norazalina Razali pressed for a heavier punishment to serve Amjad and the public a lesson.
Residents of the condominium lodged a police report after spotting him dressed as a suicide bomber in an elevator.
A police handout showed him dressed in white with a fake beard and a chequered towel wrapped around his head. A fake "circuit bomb" made out of cardboard, an "antenna" and plastic bottles were taped round his waist.
Photo
Higher levels of vitamin D have been associated with a reduced risk of colon cancer in many observational studies. A new analysis has found a possible reason.
A malignant tumor contains not just cancer cells but many types of cells, some of which affect how fast a tumor may grow or spread. Among them are a group of immune system cells called T lymphocytes, or T cells, that can target tumor cells and limit their growth. Having a tumor with more T cells correlates with a better prognosis.
The study, published in the journal Gut, included 318 people who had developed colorectal cancer and 624 matched controls. All had vitamin D levels measured before the appearance of any cancers.
The higher the blood levels of vitamin D, the less likely people were to develop colorectal tumors. Vitamin D, the authors suggest, interacts with the immune system to prevent the growth of this type of malignancy.
“This study really shows that vitamin D has an effect on immunity,” said the senior author, Dr. Shuji Ogino, an associate professor of pathology at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston, “and it's the first study to show that in a human population. Vitamin D boosts immunity not just in cancer, but in fighting infections as well.”
A Manitoba Liberal candidate who said Wednesday he wanted to close hospitals to reduce wait times said on Thursday it was all a publicity stunt.
Brandon West Liberal candidate Billy Moore told CBC News today that he is in full support of funding hospitals and health care and does not want to see hospitals closed.
"No, I don't think it's a good idea [to close hospitals], even though that's what I said yesterday," Moore said. "Let me reiterate, that was for publicity. I'm saying, let's get real."
On Wednesday, Moore, 76, told reporters and about two dozen people at a debate that there are too many hospitals in Manitoba and that has driven up wait times.
"To me, when we have too many hospitals, psychologically people think they are sick because the hospital is there to use," Moore told CBC News afterwards. "And if we take one or two hospitals [out], you will see a difference."
Liberal Leader Rana Bokhari reacted to the comments at a press conference in Niverville, Man. Thursday morning.
"He said something silly, but he's honest," she said.
Manitoba Liberal candidate Billy Moore is "happy" with his comments about closing hospitals because they helped raise his profile, he said. 0:28 Bokari said the party doesn't endorse closing hospitals and that Moore won't be disciplined.
"Just to clarify what he was trying to say, if we focus on preventative measures so people don't have to use hospitals, we won't need that many," she said. "That's essentially what he was trying to articulate."
Moore said he hasn't yet spoken with Bokhari, but has heard what she had to say in the media and has an answer ready should she call.
He said what he said reflected his own personal thoughts.
CBC now has a request in to ask Bokhari what she thinks of Moore's publicity stunt.
Meanwhile Moore said he doesn't have any regrets about his bid to get coverage.
"Not at all. And for the simple reason for that is because I got the publicity that I needed since I am not too well known in that area," Moore said. "No regrets at all. I am very happy with what I said."
Moore doesn't believe the comments will hurt his campaign in the long run.
He is up against Progressive Conservative incumbent Reg Helwer and NDP candidate Linda Ross in the Brandon West constituency.
Brandon East candidate stands by Moore
Vanessa Hamilton is running for the Manitoba Liberals in Brandon East. She stands by Moore and believes Billy's statement came out poorly.
"I know Billy is passionate about prevention," she said. "The answer was expressed poorly. It didn't come out as intended."
Even though Moore has already said the statement was only a publicity stunt, Hamilton contends that Moore is passionate about prevention and keeping people well and reiterated that there are no plans to close hospitals under a Liberal government.
"The Manitoba Liberal Party and myself will not be closing down any hospitals," Hamilton told CBC News on Thursday. "They are needed to provide service."
"There is a point... in that the MLP believes in prevention and investing in prevention to keep people out of hte hospital," she said.
Hamilton herself came under fire on social media for a tweet that suggested people rely on hospitals too much and that more people are ill under the current government. She said what she meant was that the province needs to try new measures to improve health outcomes and help reign in health spending in Manitoba.
<a href="https://twitter.com/ZachFleish">@ZachFleish</a> We rely on hospitals too much. Under Selinger more people are ill. Healthcare $71 million over budget. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/bdnmb?src=hash">#bdnmb</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/mbpoli?src=hash">#mbpoli</a> —@NessaHamilton1
She suggests looking outside the healthcare system more in efforts to keep people healthy.
Manitobans head to the polls on April 19.
The next Falcon 9 v1.1 set to launch out of Florida's Cape Canaveral has been rescheduled for January 6. The original plan was to launch the rocket on Friday, before an issue with the Static Fire test earlier in the week resulted in a technical and schedule discussion, with numerous considerations – such as the ISS' high beta angle constraint – ultimately moving the launch date to the first week of the new year.
Static Fire:
The CRS-5 mission was to conclude SpaceX's launch operations for 2014, yet another breakout year for Elon Musk's forward thinking company.
This latest mission – a key Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) flight for NASA – had entered the business end of the launch flow, with the Static Fire test an important requirement to allow SpaceX management to approve the launch.
Numerous requirements have to be successfully proven via such a test, such as the engine ignition and shut down commands, which have to operate as designed, and that the Merlin 1D engines perform properly during start-up.
The Static Fire also provides a dress rehearsal for the actual launch, with controllers first conducting a poll to allow for the loading of Falcon 9's RP-1 propellant with liquid oxygen oxidizer two hours and thirty five minutes before T-0. From that point, the test is near-identical to a real launch day countdown.
Ensuring Falcon 9's SLC-40 pad systems are in good shape during a Static Fire – also known as a hot fire – flow mitigates the potential for issues during the countdown on launch day.
Only a short burst of the Merlin 1D engines on the core stage of the F9 is required to allow for the validation data to be gained on the health of the vehicle and pad systems.
Attempts during the four hour test window on Tuesday did not result in a successfully conducted – or fully completed – Static Fire.
Although the company, which usually confirms a successful Static Fire shortly after it has been completed, did not immediately respond to inquire into the status of the flow, numerous sources began to note a slip was under consideration.
January 6 was a date provided to NASASpaceFlight.com on Wednesday afternoon, although this remained unofficial throughout the day.
However, the company did promise to provide more information to this site when “they have something to share.”
On Thursday morning, SpaceX followed through on that promise, confirming the slip and explaining the issue surrounding the Static Fire came after the ignition of the Merlin 1D engines – which explains why at least one outlet believed the test had been successful – but not for their full test duration, pointing to an early shutdown/abort.
“While the recent static fire test accomplished nearly all of our goals, the test did not run the full duration,” noted SpaceX spokeman John Talyor to NASASpaceFlight.com.
“The data suggests we could push forward without a second attempt, but out of an abundance of caution, we are opting to execute a second static fire test prior to launch.”
*Click here for more SpaceX News Articles*
During Wednesday, information noted the potential to conduct a second Static Fire on Thursday, before the conversations moved towards a slip to the New Year.
January 6 was a date provided to the site, given numerous factors – such as ISS constraints – come into play over the end of year period.
(Animation created by Artyom Zharov, via L2′s huge collection of Dragon arrival hi res images)
The slip to the new year has now been confirmed by SpaceX.
“Given the extra time needed for data review and testing, coupled with the limited launch date availability due to the holidays and other restrictions, our earliest launch opportunity is now Jan. 6 with Jan. 7 as a backup,” added Mr. Talyor.
“ The ISS orbits through a high beta angle period a few times a year. This is where the angle between the ISS orbital plane and the sun is high, resulting in the ISS being in almost constant sunlight for a 10 day period.
“During this time, there are thermal and operational constraints that prohibit Dragon from being allowed to berth with the ISS. This high beta period runs from 12/28/14-1/7/15. Note that for a launch on 1/6, Dragon berths on 1/8.”
UPDATE: The Falcon 9 v1.1 returned to her SLC-40 pad on Thursday for another Static Fire attempt before the end of the week. This test – which was successfully conducted on Friday – will allow for the collation of additional data to aid troubleshooting efforts.
The CRS-5/SpX-5 Dragon will be lofting her usual compliment of cargo and supplies to the ISS, along with a number of specific payloads.
The specific payloads include CATS (Cloud-Aerosol Transport System), Microbial Observatory-1, the Flatworm Regeneration payload, the “Wearable Monitoring” ASI payload, the Free-Space PADLES (Passive Dosimeter for Life-Science Experiment in Space) payload for JAXA and the Fruit Fly Lab-01.
As had been predicted, some of the Dragon's payload manifest has been refined to reflect the near term needs of the ISS, based on what was lost during the recent failure of the Antares rocket during the launch of the CRS-3/OrB-3 Cygnus.
This, along with a few internal Falcon 9 issues, was the reason the launch slipped slightly from its previous target date.
Click here for more Dragon Articles: http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/tag/dragon/
It is also understood that two Planet Labs cubesats are also onboard this latest Dragon, equipped with replacements for the experimental hardware that was lost on the Cygnus.
While the primary focus will be to safely send the CRS-5 Dragon on her way to the orbital outpost, there will be great interest in the return of the core stage.
SpaceX has been testing its propulsive return capabilities for the first stage of the Falcon 9 during previous missions – with a large amount of success. Up until now, the upgraded first stages have returned for a landing on the ocean surface.
However, for CRS-5, an attempt will be made to return the stage on to a specialised platform located in the downrange area of the Atlantic Ocean.
Known as the Autonomous Spaceport Drone Ship (ASDS), “X” literally marks the spot as the target for the Falcon 9 core – as much as SpaceX has been downplaying the chances of hitting the target first time around.
Per L2 CRS-5 flow information, SpaceX engineers have been busily working through the software requirements and challenges – right up to the last minute – in order to give the stage the best chance of making what would be another historic milestone in the company's attempts to create a fully reusable launch system.
The ASDS is much more than just a floating platform.
It has been outfitted with thrusters, repurposed from deep sea oil rigs, allowing for the platform to hold position to within three meters, even in a storm.
It is also understood that the ASDS will have the ability to refuel returned stages, allowing them to make the hop back to land for future reuse.
This system will also play a major role with SpaceX's new rocket – the Falcon Heavy and her three cores – when she comes online in the middle of 2015.
For now, SpaceX are concentrating on returning to launch stance with the Falcon 9 v1.1 and Dragon.
“Both Falcon 9 and Dragon remain in good health, and our teams are looking forward to launch just after the New Year,” added Mr. Taylor.
(Images: via L2's SpaceX Section, including renderings created by L2 Artist Nathan Koga – Click here for full resolution F9, F9-R, FH and BFR renderings and more – these are not official SpaceX images. Other images from SpaceX and NASA)
(Click here: http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/l2/ – to view how you can support NSF's running costs and access the best space flight content on the entire internet)
The promise of bitcoin is a universal currency free from the control of any nation or government. But a new generation of cryptocurrencies are focusing on the opposite goal: building money to solve problems specific to one country.
On midnight Monday, Auroracoin, a bitcoin clone which is the fourth most valuable cryptocurrency being traded today, entered the second phase of its life, with a "helicopter drop" of 30 auroracoins to every citizen of Iceland.
The currency began life in February, and for the first month, traded like many other bitcoin clones. As you can buy auroracoin with bitcoin, and bitcoin with US dollars, it's possible to establish an exchange rate: one auroracoin is now worth $11.37, putting the value of the entire currency at $121m.
But unlike bitcoin, which is only created by users "mining" for more, auroracoin was brought into life with a significant "pre-mine": 10m coins were created before the currency went public, and now they will begin distribution throughout Iceland.
The rationale behind the currency is to fight Iceland's capital controls, which ban Icelanders from taking kronas outside the country. The controls were put in place to strengthen the island nation's economy after the disastrous crash in 2008 which all but destroyed its banking sector.
Auroracoin launched with a manifesto, detailing its creator's plans. "The people of Iceland are being sacrificed at the altar of a flawed financial system, controlled by an elite that made astronomical bets supported by the government on behalf of the people and ultimately at the expense of the people," it says.
"The power must be taken away from the politicians and given back to the people. Cryptocurrencies are a very important milestone in this fight for liberty. They bring the hope of a new era of free currencies, immune to the meddling of politicians and their cronies." The document is signed "Baldur Friggjar Odinsson"; just like with bitcoin, the currency's creator is pseudonymous.
But Baldur may find there is a stumbling block ahead. Iceland's central bank has not been ignorant to the possibility of cryptocurrencies enabling the evasion of capital controls. BitLegal, a site which monitors the legal status of Bitcoin around the world, says that "domestic entities are not allowed to buy bitcoins from foreign entities, as such transactions are considered a capital movement out of the country."
"Furthermore, the Central Bank considers exports of goods and services in exchange for bitcoin in breach of these capital controls," it adds. "Icelandic merchants and service providers are thus not able to legally accept bitcoin as payment."
Regardless of legal problems ahead, Auroracoin has started strong. Too strong, maybe: the currency's site has collapsed under the load of Icelanders trying to claim their 31.8 coins.
"I am hopeful that the Scottish people will, over time, understand the vision of this project"
Already, other currencies are following in Auroracoin's footsteps. The Scotcoin project is one such proposal.
Set up by Derek Nisbet, an Edinburgh-based venture capitalist, the cryptocurrency is offering 1,000 Scotcoins to every resident adult of Scotland – as well as bigger allocations for businesses, charities and start-ups, to boost the economy.
Nisbet's motivations are necessarily different from Baldur's, since Scotland doesn't have capital controls. Instead, he tells the Guardian that the motivation is Scotland's uncertain future.
"There is so much uncertainty with the current financial situation, that introducing a voluntary cryptocurrency, which may in the future act as a medium of exchange for the Scottish people, can only benefit them should there be major disruption."
"I am hopeful that the Scottish people will, over time, understand the vision of this project, the good it can do for the Scottish people, and will therefore choose to participate, to make this successful for all."
Despite appearances, Nisbet says he isn't a Scottish nationalist. "The motivation for us has nothing to do with the vote later this year, or politics for that matter.
"Our motivation is to empower the Scottish people with an alternative digital currency opportunity, which may be used as a medium of exchange, should the need or wish arise."
And just recently a third such coin launched: Gaelcoin is offering 50 free coins to every Irish citizen. The trend shows no sign of stopping yet.
• That missing £70m of bitcoin? Found it!
NEW DELHI: Reliance Jio Infocomm is working towards a commercial launch of its home broadband services around Diwali , with offers that are likely to stir up a price war similar to that the company's entry triggered in the mobile segment, a person with knowledge of the plan said.The base pack from JioFiber , the company's home broadband operations, is likely to be 100 GB of data for Rs 500. Rivals currently offer about half that data at double the price. Based on customer base, home broadband is a small market — the country has less than 20 million wireline broadband users, with state-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam accounting for more than half of it, compared with 200 million users for wireless broadband. But the average user pays much more for fixed-line broadband.In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, for instance, Bharti Airtel's average revenue per user in the home broadband segment was Rs 1,064 against Rs 162 in the mobile data business. Bharti, which was badly bruised in the battle with Jio for market share in mobile services, has already started offering enhanced data volumes under its existing plans in fixed-line and home broadband, where it is the second largest player.From June, Jio plans to expand its free trial offer beyond the few cities where it is currently available, the person said, speaking on the condition of anonymity. This will culminate with the commercial launch of broadband services in September or October, this person added. This year, Diwali is on October 19. Jio did not respond to an email seeking comment.Analysts expect Jio's inaugural pricing to disrupt the home broadband market. “Absolutely, it will be disruptive,” said Rohan Dhamija, partner and head for India and South Asia at Analysys Mason, while terming the company's fibre-tothe-home technology to be superior to rivals' digital subscriber lines.“To that regard, powered by larger capacity on the supply side as well as innovative pricing, it would look to disrupt the fixed broadband business similar to its disruption of the mobile business,” Dhamija added. Jio's moves around JioFiber is similar to the steps it took in the run up to the mobile services launch. There, too, it started by offering trial services, followed by commercial launch in September 2016 and free initial offers that extended up to six months. That helped the company sign up a net 100 million users in a record 170 days. Though it has started to charge subscribers, tariffs are still sharply lower compared with those of rivals.The JioFiber network is capable to carry data speed up to 100 Mbps. It is currently being rolled out in at least 10 large cities, including all metros, in addition to Delhi's satellite towns of Noida and Gurgaon. The company is identifying mega clusters such as high-rise residential apartments and commercial establishments as a part of its phase-II expansion programme to connect 100 locations by December, the person who spoke to ET said. It is also mulling to allow subscribers a Wi-Fi router at an affordable refundable deposit.BSNL had nearly 10 million users in the home broadband segment as of March 31, followed by Bharti at about 1.95 million, according to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai). Sunil Mittal-driven Bharti last week enhanced data volume on its existing home broadband plans, offering 60 GB data for Rs 899; 90 GB data for Rs 1,099 and 125 GB data for Rs 1,299. Bharti, too, claims to offer 100 Mbps data speed, equivalent to any highspeed optic-fibre line through Vectorisation technology.
Meet Roxy, Edith, Mia Rose, Jake, Gertrude and Donald. The most incredible of all the little family that you've ever seen. Kasey Boggs and Blake Boggs her husband, who has been helping animals for ten years. This family is very popular on Instagram. And i am sure you have never seen such an unusual family of animals consisting of dogs, cats and ducks. The most interesting thing is that they do not just share the same roof over their heads, they are absolutely inseparable.
At the moment, their family, not counting the people, has four dogs, cats and two ducks, and they are inseparable. Every weekend, the animals are sent to the joint walk, then that of their owners and are doing a huge amount of images, which are then discharged into Instagram. Not only boys love each other so much, that even removed only together nothing else.
Boggs Says “Whenever I want to take a picture of two or three of them, leaving the rest in another room, then left immediately resorted to unite for the common pictures – because they used to be together.”
Meet Roxy, Edith, Mia Rose, Jake, Gertrude and Donald – the most delicious of all the little family that you've ever seen. Together they gathered at his home Casey Boggs and her husband, who are engaged in animal rescue for 10 years.
Source – Instagram, Dailymail
Daybreak Ridge annoyed Castilucci. Decades ago, the place had had character: brick warehouses and factories for regular, working stiffs. Then the industry had faded, and developers had bought up the old buildings, repurposing them into artists' lofts, overpriced stores, and nightclubs. Only a few of them remained shuttered and quiet, like the one he and Aurelia approached through the gathering dusk.
The old building stood well off the busy streets and far from the touristy waterfront area. Its huge front doors looked rusted shut, but a light shone over a side door set off in an alley. Paint flaked from the building's side, the remnants of an advertisement for a soft drink that hadn't existed in decades.
Aurelia gestured at the old, rust-spattered door. “The Tarot's in here?”
Castilucci shrugged with a nonchalance he didn't feel. “Don't think so. They got better things to do than sit around guarding some hero. My information says they just hired a couple thugs to keep watch on that Topaz guy.”
“Thugs,'” said Aurelia flatly, cocking an eyebrow at him. She tried the doorknob, but it seemed locked.
To his own surprise, he felt a little hurt. “I am not a thug, lady,” he said. He kicked firmly at the door, smashing it open. “I'm a troubleshooter.”
Aurelia rolled her eyes, then shook her head. “You may be a troubleshooter, Castilucci, but I'm a professional. And that's how we do this: fast and professional. If I tell you stop, stop, and if I tell you go, you go. And no gunplay unless I say so.” Aurelia drew her weapon and held it down at her side.
Castilucci started to enter, but she gestured him back. She carefully surveyed the small room just inside from an angle so that she wasn't silhouetted in the doorway. Only when she was sure it was empty did she motion him inside.
They passed through a small, dark office, furnished only with an abandoned, dust-covered desk and a broken lamp. Dirt covered much of the cement floor, but a scuffed track leading deeper into the building showed where many feet had passed or where something had been dragged. Aurelia motioned at the track with her chin, and the two of them followed it deeper into the building.
Most of the warehouse consisted of a huge room, lit only by moonlight and streetlight coming in through high windows. Despite the openness of the space, a maze of old, half-moldering cardboard boxes blocked their vision in most directions. Cozy place, Castilucci thought sourly.
A dim light glowed from around the next corner. Aurelia put a finger to her lips, unnecessarily, Castilucci thought. He could hear the quiet voices coming from around the corner as well as she could.
“Why are we doing this?” one voice said. It had a hollow, whining note, like a beat-up tin whistle. “The curses will kill us, anyway.”
Unforgiven, Aurelia mouthed to him, equally unnecessarily. Castilucci fought down the urge to spit on the floor at the thought of those creepy, whiny, magic-touched gangbangers.
“This is our way out,” said another, slightly deeper voice. “He promised. And you know who stands behind him.”
“Impossible,” said the other, sounding even mopier than before. “Antithesis—“
“Don't say it!” shouted the other one. “It brings bad things.” For a big, bad crook, he sounded terrified.
“Super—superstitious twits,” said a third, muffled voice. The speaker sounded tired, maybe like he'd taken a few punches to the mouth.
Castilucci knew that voice, too. Topaz. Sounds like the heroic idiot really did get himself captured instead of “rescued” by Tarot.
“Quiet, you,” said the deeper-voiced Unforgiven.
“The curses may take us,” said his partner, “but they'll kill you, too, first.”
Aurelia mouthed, Now. “You're under arrest!” she shouted as she stepped out of hiding, gun trained forward. “Hands in the air!”
Castilucci rolled his eyes. If Aurelia wanted to give the thugs a chance to kill her before she had to shoot them, it was her business, but he wasn't about to make himself the first target. He peered around the corner carefully instead.
In the light of three electric lanterns, he saw Topaz, costume soiled and torn, one eye swollen shut and face smeared with dried blood, slumped on the floor. Castilucci couldn't tell if he was breathing. The kind of chains they used on battleship anchors bound him to a support post.
There were three Unforgiven, not two. He drew in his breath at the sight. He'd seen some rough customers over the years, but Unforgiven always looked especially creepy. All three wore a mixture of dark and pale green clothing and were unhealthily pale, but the similarities ended there. The one in front wore an axe shoved into his wide belt and a tattered backpack. Oddly, it looked completely empty.
The second hid his eyes behind sunglasses, but what Castilucci could see of his face was an inhuman mass of scales, bony lumps, and scars.
The one in back had long, stringy hair and wore an open duster and a mournful expression. He carried some kind of black gadget, a smartphone or something, in his hand. As Castilucci watched, he flung it to the floor and stepped back, screaming, “Get them!”
“Fire!” Aurelia shouted unnecessarily. Castilucci had already put a bullet through the upper chest of the monster-faced one just as he reached for his sunglasses. The Unforgiven sprawled at Topaz's feet, dead or seriously wounded.
“Hit ‘em before they can use their powers!” Castilucci shouted.
Aurelia fired at the one with the backpack, but she was too late. He'd already closed the distance to her and shrugged out of the thing. As he dropped it, a roiling cloud of darkness coalesced in the air behind him. It billowed toward the Unforgiven—Castilucci could've sworn it growled at the gangbanger—but swerved suddenly toward Aurelia.
She shot at it, but the bullets passed through. Tough as she was, Aurelia cringed back, teeth clenched.
Castilucci had fought one of these creeps before. It wasn't her fault, he knew. It was curse-magic. “You can't hurt the curse itself!” he shouted. “You gotta—“ The black cloud swerved toward him. A wave of shudders, cold, and terror swept through him, but he fought it down. He ignored the oncoming cloud and shot the running Unforgiven in the back. The cloud dispersed in an instant.
Castilucci scanned the shadows for the last Unforgiven, but all he could see was the thing the thug had dropped and Topaz groaning faintly in his chains. “You all right?” he called to Aurelia.
She nodded, the color returning to her face now that the supernatural attack was over. “Check behind Topaz for the last one,” she said. “I'll cover you.”
Cautiously, Castilucci made his way toward the bound hero. He passed the thing the Unforgiven had dropped. It was just a hand mirror. “Huh,” he said. As he passed it, he caught a flicker of movement behind his own reflection. He turned to look just in time.
A hulking, muscular thing clad all in black, a thing Castilucci was sure hadn't been there a second before, swung at him. He dodged. A black mask completely hid its face. It snarled incoherently at him.
Aurelia pumped five shots into the monster, but it only stumbled. Castilucci fired into its face—if it had a face—at point-blank range. The wound didn't bleed. The thing didn't flinch.
Castilucci tripped over a couple of broken boards as he retreated. The faceless monster roared and raised its hands to crush him.
A burst of automatic gunfire echoed through the dark warehouse. The bullets tore into the creature. With a scream of rage, it charged off.
Castilucci rolled over to see it attacking a huge, man-like shape covered in black and white plates and emblazoned with a TCPD badge. He caught sight of a determined, grinning face behind a plastic view plate. With one arm, it blasted the monster with more bullets while its other fist crackled and glowed with energy. A COP Suit, he realized.
“Thank you, Lenny,” Aurelia said softly. “Castilucci, while he's got it distracted, return the mirror to the Unforgiven. He's gotta still be in here somewhere. That'll make the monster vanish.”
Clearly, she had fought Unforgiven before. He nodded and grabbed the mirror. He scanned the warehouse again.
He spotted the Unforgiven in the shadows just beyond the dim, electric light, watching the fight between the armored cop and the monster he'd summoned. “This belongs to you, buddy,” Castilucci said. He threw the mirror at the man.
Just as he'd hoped, the Unforgiven's reflexes took over. He caught the mirror. The monster vanished in an instant. “Blink and eat a bullet, you pasty-faced creep,” said Castilucci as he trained his gun on the Unforgiven's chest. The Unforgiven glanced at his mirror speculatively.
Another shot rang out, and blood burst from the thug's head. The cop in the armor crashed through a pile of debris and hurried over. “He was about to drop the mirror again,” the cop said through the suit's speakers.
Castilucci blinked. He recognized the voice from the night the two cops had burst into his place.
“Officer Alvarez,” said Aurelia as she came closer. “Man, I have never been so happy to see you. What took you so long? And where's everyone else?”
“'What took you so long?'” repeated Castilucci. “You expected this guy? I thought we were doing this together, alone!”
“No offense,” Aurelia said as she holstered her gun, “but how stupid do you think I am? You're a known member of the Black Rose, a suspected murderer, and a generally brutal man. I'd be crazy not to have another set of eyes on you. I called Lenny from the ferry from South Titan.”
Castilucci grudgingly nodded. He wondered if Aurelia's cop instincts would extend to letting him walk if he didn't make any trouble. He holstered his weapon, too.
“All of SWAT's going crazy about you, Aurelia,” said Alvarez, the one in the suit. “I didn't think it was safe to tell the Chief about your message. He mighta arrested you when you stepped off the ferry. There're all kinds of reports that you're hanging out with scum.” He glanced at Castilucci. “No offense.”
Castilucci just rolled his eyes.
“I'll … explain when we get back to Preszewski Center.” Aurelia looked vaguely uncomfortable. Maybe keeping Castilucci in the dark about Alvarez was bothering her. “Let's get Topaz out of those chains.” She made her way over to the hero.
“Aurelia,” Alvarez said, “look at him. Topaz is done for. I'll radio for medical attention, but …”
“Yeah,” said Castilucci, still standing apart. “I mean, look at the guy.”
“I'm not just leaving a hero lying chained up to die!” said Aurelia. She bent over beside the hero. “Come on, Lenny. Maybe the suit's energy fist can melt the chains.”
“You're such a nice person, Kathleen,” said Alvarez. He sighed. He lurched closer to her, the COP Suit dwarfing her as he leaned over her.
Topaz's head stirred slightly. He murmured something.
“Did you say ‘antithesis?'” Aurelia asked the hero.
“Dang it, Aurelia.” Alvarez's whisper echoed in the warehouse's silence. “You just never know when to quit.”
He raised the suit's gun-arm and shot Topaz in the forehead.
Castilucci jumped in surprise. Aurelia screamed wordlessly. Topaz slumped in his chains.
Aurelia rounded on the COP Suit. “You,” she screamed inarticulately, “you!” She went for her gun, but Alvarez backhanded her with his energy fist, flinging her away.
“Always having to charge in!” Alvarez shouted. “Always making a name for yourself! Always kissing up to those heroes!” He fired a burst at her, the multiple barrels on his suit's arm whirling, but Aurelia ducked behind a heavy, metal crate.
Castilucci stepped away as slowly and quietly as he could, keeping the COP Suit in sight the whole time.
Alvarez stalked over to Aurelia's hiding place and flung the crate out of the way. She fired at him point-blank, but the bullets left only scratches on the COP Suit's plates. Alvarez grabbed her with his energy fist and smashed her face against the floor.
Castilucci stumbled against an unstable pile of debris. Wood and metal scraps clattered to the floor.
Alvarez twitched around. He flung Aurelia into a heap of containers that collapsed on top of her.
“Oh, I didn't forget about you, you scum,” Alvarez said. He pointed his gun-arm at Castilucci and fired.
The aging gangster dove behind a shipping container, but a bullet caught him in the leg. He yowled in pain.
“It was supposed to be so simple!” Alvarez raved. “The blame hangs on Topaz, the Unforgiven kill him, then get taken out by their own curses. I just come in and discover the tragedy, and everything's all right again.”
Castilucci ignored him. He tried to stand and couldn't.
Alvarez shoved the shipping container aside like a cheap shoebox. “But you had to shove your nose into it!” Castilucci twisted around, teeth clenched, and emptied his magazine into the COP Suit's faceplate. All he got for his trouble were some scratches.
Behind the clear plate, sweat poured from Alvarez's face. “You people are always making trouble for me!” He grabbed Castilucci's jaw with the glowing, crackling energy fist and hefted him into the air. “Always ruining things for me! Well, I'm going to ruin your life!”
Castilucci's skin tingled painfully at the energized touch. He choked at the scent of his own skin cooking. He'd have a burn if he survived this, he realized.
“I think the city will accept you as the murderer of Detective Aragon,” Alvarez said. Then he began to squeeze.
Castilucci had lived a long, savage life in Titan City's underworld. He'd been shot, stabbed, beaten, and blasted with everything from magical beams to stun-rays. But he had never felt pain like this. He screamed as his jaw began to flex.
“Can't have you talking,” said Alvarez. Castilucci blacked out as his jaw snapped.
The COP Suit carried him away, leaving the warehouse silent.
Except for a soft clatter of movement under the fallen heap of shipping containers.
Next time: The Series Finale!
By Jack 'Olantern' Snyder
Discuss the update here
Tom Stillwell, the writer for CoT's webcomic Hijinx, will be at the 1st annual Chicago Retcon August 12-13th. Watch our feeds for more info.
Everton target Fernando tells Porto fans they can count on him this season... despite Blues going to trouble of getting Brazilian a work permit
Porto appears to be pulling the rug from underneath Everton's masterplan to line up £15million Brazilian midfielder Fernando to replace Marouane Fellaini.
After Everton had gone to the trouble of getting Fernando a work permit, the player and the Portuguese giants seem to be fed up of waiting for Everton's negotiations with Manchester United to bear fruit and he's used Instagram to publish a message of his undying love to Porto fans.
The midfielder posted a picture of himself with Port fans and wrote: 'All Portistas can count on me towards the tetra (the club's fourth straight championship)'.
Message: Everton target Fernando appears to be staying with Porto after telling fans they can count on him
Everton had agreed a £15million deal for Porto midfielder Fernando earlier on Monday - thus paving the way for Marouane Fellaini's departure to Manchester United. It was also confirmed that Roberto Martinez attended a work permit hearing in London in an attempt to secure Everton the signature of the Brazilian, who was set to become Fellaini's replacement.
Anxious United fans were wondering why there had been little news about Fellaini on Monday morning but the reason was Martinez was waiting to complete a deal to bring Fernando to Goodison Park and guarantee he could get a work permit which was secured .
Stalwart: Fernando (left) has played over 100 times for Porto in six years
However, Everton and Manchester United are still no nearer to agreeing terms over Fellaini's move to Old Trafford.
Warning: Stop reading if you would prefer not to have a major plot point from Tuesday's Originals spoiled. Everyone else, read on…
Talk about a quick rebound!
The Originals‘ Daniella Pineda, whose bewitching character Sophie was killed off the CW drama last night, has already lined up her next gig.
TVLine has learned exclusively that the actress is joining NBC's drama pilot Odyssey as a regular.
RELATED | Pilot Season 2014: Your Complete Guide to This Fall's (Possible) New Shows and Who's In Them
The Traffic-esque thriller centers on three families whose lives are torn apart when a stranded female soldier, a disillusioned corporate attorney and a disrespected political activist are pulled into the same shocking international military conspiracy.
Pineda will play Molly, a reporter for Time magazine who becomes a love interest for a leading protester against the G8 summit (played by The Carrie Diaries‘ Jake Robinson).
The Following‘s Adam Armus and Kay Foster co-wrote the script with Peter Horton (who will direct the pilot).
The cast also includes Pushing Daisies‘ Anna Friel, Lost‘s Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje and It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia‘s Nate Mooney.
A former judge, Haitham Maleh, gave an interview to opposition TV
A Syrian human rights group says veteran dissident Haitham Maleh has been put under formal arrest after he was questioned by military prosecutors.
The 78-year-old former judge was detained last week in a move which sparked international criticism.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says he is likely to face charges of spreading false information.
In interviews and a recent open letter to the president he criticised repression and corruption in Syria.
Mr Maleh has advocated democracy in Syria for decades and spent seven years in prison as a dissident in the 1980s.
He disappeared, presumed arrested, last Wednesday, but there was no announcement by the authorities.
It was confirmed that he had been referred by a security branch to a military court on Tuesday and he was interrogated on Wednesday.
Britain has urged Syria to free Mr Maleh and allow Syrian citizens "to practise the right of freedom of expression and association without fear of sanction".
Advocacy group Human Rights Watch said Syria could not expect to be treated as a member of the international community if it arbitrarily imprisoned its own citizens.
Commanding figure
Before his arrest, Mr Maleh told an opposition-supporting TV station outside the country, that Syria is run "by decree".
"Citizens have no protection from the arbitrary authority and the aggression of the security apparatus," he said.
"The law is not applied except on the weak," he added.
The BBC's Arab regional editor, Sebastian Usher, says that judging by similar cases, Mr Maleh would face between one and three years in prison if he is charged.
He remains a commanding and respected figure in Syria, our correspondent says, but inevitably his age makes him somewhat remote, even isolated, from younger generations of political opposition.
Human rights activists say such arrests show the growing rapprochement between Syria and the West has so far had little effect on state repression of dissent.
Skywatchers are crossing their fingers that, early this Tuesday morning, they may witness a brief outburst of a dormant meteor shower that has not been seen in over eight decades.
If astronomers' predictions hold true, the Gamma Delphinids may undergo a rare outburst that could even equal the famed August Perseids—with rates of meteors reaching as high as one or two shooting stars per minute. (Related: "Perseids Quiz: Are You a Meteor Shower Mastermind?")
The Gamma Dephinids were first discovered on the evening of June 10, 1930, when two astronomers from Baltimore, Maryland, noticed that despite the glare of a full moon, a fast and furious flurry of shooting stars was radiating out from a previously unrecorded spot in the sky. Most of the meteors were reported to be as bright as the brightest stars in the sky, making them quite spectacular. (Related: "Perseid Pictures: Meteor Shower Dazzles Every August.")
"Starting at 9:15 p.m. EST, they started seeing meteors pouring out of the small constellation Delphinus (the dolphin). The meteors had short trails and brief duration and were yellowish white," says Peter Jenniskens, co-author of a 2003 study that predicted a new outburst might take place this year.
"In total the observers [in 1930] saw 51 [meteors] in the next half hour and after that, it was all over," says Jenniskens, an astronomer at the SETI Institute and NASA's Ames Research Center in Mountain View, California.
Jenniskens analyzed the path the meteor shower took in 1930 and says we may be in for a return of the Gamma Delphinids. For the sky show to happen, however, Earth must directly cross a debris stream left behind by a mysterious, yet-to-be-discovered comet that passed through the inner solar system sometime in the distant past. (See also "New Comet Discovered—May Become 'One of Brightest in History.'")
"In most other years, that stream of dust of a long-period comet just passes by the Earth's orbit, completely invisible and undetectable," says Jenniskens. "But the point where the trail passes through the orbital plane of Earth [can] move around, and sometimes that trail wanders in Earth's path. This year, it is predicted to do so again."
When is the best time to look up?
The predicted peak time is 8:28 UT (1:28 a.m. PDT, 4:28 a.m. EDT) on the morning of Tuesday, June 11, favoring observers who live in the Americas and the Pacific as far as the Hawaiian Islands. But because that peak time could be somewhat uncertain, Jenniskens suggests that observers should get a head start and begin looking up an hour or two before the predicted peak time.
Where in the sky will the meteors appear?
The shooting stars will appear to radiate out from the namesake constellation, Delphinius, which rises after nightfall in the east for mid-northern latitude observers this time of the year.
By the predawn hour, when the Gamma Delphinids are predicted to peak, observers should face the southern sky where the constellation will be located.
What can meteor watchers expect to see if this outburst occurs?
Meteors will suddenly start to appear out of the constellation of Delphinus, explains Jenniskens, with most being as bright as stars like Polaris, Deneb, and Vega; a few of the meteors will be faint.
The best places to view the outburst are dark locations away from city lights with a clear view of the overhead skies.
"The whole display will last only about half an hour, so key is to be watching at the right time, " adds Jenniskens.
What can science hope to learn from this event?
Jenniskens theorizes that there may be an undiscovered comet that once passed close to Earth's orbit and that we may now be passing through its trail of dust once again.
Astronomers hope to confirm the orbit of that comet and measure the density of dust that it left behind in its trail. That information will give them a better idea of where to look for the parent comet itself and ultimately determine if it is a potentially hazardous object for Earth.
For more sky events check out our weekly skywatching column.
“It was like a bomb going off,” he said.
The men turned out not to be robbers, but New York City police officers from the elite Emergency Service Unit executing a search warrant. Dressed in tactical uniforms, they had broken down the door without warning and searched the apartment, room to room.
A few hours later, the Police Department's chief of patrol, Terence A. Monahan, said that Mr. Sanabria, who spoke no English, had confronted two of the officers with a machete. Mr. Sanabria refused an order to drop the weapon and came toward them, the chief said. An officer, later identified as Detective Ruben Leon, fatally shot him once in the chest.
Mr. Conde said that in the seconds before he took cover, he did not see a machete in his friend's hand. The machete that the police recovered belonged to him, he said, not to Mr. Sanabria. It was a souvenir from the Caribbean — and he kept it behind a door in his room. He said he doubted Mr. Sanabria even knew where it was.
The family of Mr. Sanabria, who worked for decades at an ice cream factory in the South Bronx, has sharply disputed the police account of his shooting.
The police were not looking for Mr. Sanabria, but for his nephew, Miguel Conde. The officers had received information that Mr. Conde — Natalio Conde's 38-year-old son — had a gun and narcotics in the apartment, the police said.
With the wind industry facing the expiration of a production tax credit at the end of the year, the sector's main trade association is facing off against Exelon, the big power generation company, over whether the tax break should be renewed. Last week, the American Wind Energy Association expelled Exelon as a member because the company opposed a renewal of the credit.
Bloomberg News
The association says that if the tax credit expires, some 37,000 jobs will be eliminated next year and that deliveries of new turbines will spiral to zero.
But Exelon says the tax credit is distorting energy markets because the credit itself is larger than the average value of electricity produced in the Midwest. Surges of wind energy late at night during periods of low electricity demand are driving the market price of electricity below zero, according to independent statistics.
Exelon complains that in that circumstance, its nuclear plants actually have to pay grid operators to accept their electricity. The wind farms in that region do as well, but they remain profitable because they earn the production credit.
The issue of the tax credit and so-called negative pricing has emerged in the presidential campaign, with the Obama administration favoring an extension of the credit and Mitt Romney opposing it. But the credit's fate may be resolved by the November election, depending on Congressional action.
Exelon plans to release a study on Friday that says that distortions in the market are getting larger as more wind is added.
The company is not alone in its complaints. In Texas, the chairwoman of the state's Public Utility Commission, Donna Nelson,told a state Senate committee last week that Texas had a shortage of generating capacity as a result of a market distortion in which wind energy drove the price of electricity into negative territory. When wind developers can make money even when prices are negative, she said, it discourages others from building other kinds of power plants.
The problem for Texas is that wind generation does not coincide with peak demand, which is on hot days that are mostly windless. State power planners estimate that for every 100 megawatts of wind machines installed in the state, only about 8 megawatts will be available on peak days.
The tax credit, which applies to projects that are completed by Dec. 31, is 2.2 cents per kilowatt-hour. Depending on the tax status of the wind farm developer, the credit can be worth as much as $34 per megawatt-hour.
Joseph Dominguez, Exelon's senior vice president for governmental and regulatory affairs, said that in the last two years, the average price of a megawatt-hour at the Northern Illinois Hub , one of the main spots on the grid in eastern North America where electricity is priced, has ranged from $28 to $31.
There is a bit of a paradox in Exelon's exile from the wind association; the company owns nearly 2 percent of the wind capacity in the United States.
Wind industry advocates say that negative pricing is rare and highly localized and simply points up shortcomings in transmission capacity. “It's all driven by a lack of transmission,'' said Michael Goggin, the association's expert on integrating wind into the grid. “Negative prices are the market's way of saying there is too much supply and not enough demand, and there's a roadblock keeping that low-cost electricity from reaching consumers.'' New wind machines are sometimes built faster than new transmission lines, he said.
The wind industry also argues that companies that burn coal and natural gas get a subsidy too, in that they are allowed to dump pollutants into the air without paying for the damage they cause.
Sometimes new transmission lines can alleviate the negative pricing phenomenon. In 2010 in the Chicago area, the occurrence of negative pricing peaked at 3.1 percent of all hours, according to the regional grid operator, the PJM Interconnection. That dropped to 2.1 percent the following year when more transmission capacity was added.
But across the country, wind farms are likely to be added faster than transmission lines.
The study sponsored by Exelon, prepared by the NorthBridge Group, which does extensive consulting for utilities around the country, found pockets where the number of negative hours reached 12 percent or more. While various types of electricity generation have received subsidies over the decades, said Frank Huntowski, one of the authors, “I don't think we've seen something as dramatic as this.''
Part of the problem is also that wholesale electricity prices have declined because of an economic slump and a decline in the price of natural gas. Before the recession began, the subsidy for wind power production was smaller than the average price of a megawatt-hour.
Negative pricing occurs mostly on spring and fall nights when the wind is blowing strongly but offices, stores and factories are mostly closed and temperatures are so mild that there is virtually no demand for home heating or air-conditioning. The phenomenon existed before the surge in construction of wind machines, but the new industry is making it worse, some industry participants say, especially for companies with baseload plants that were built to run at a steady rate around the clock.
That is a special problem for Exelon, which runs many nuclear plants in the Midwest; nuclear plants cannot change their output quickly.
“Prices will go down for an hour and then come back up and a few hours later, go down again, and it's very hard to maneuver the nuclear plants to work around that,'' Christopher Crane, the company's chief executive, said in an interview. “By the time you have briefed the crew to power down the plant, the price is up again,'' he said.
The wind energy association argues that the production tax credit is an incentive to invest in a clean energy source and does not directly affect market prices. But opponents say that when new generation is added in a way that creates sudden surpluses, the market impact is clear.
Either way, low prices are a boon for consumers, said Peter L. Kelley, a spokesman for the wind association. “It's indisputable that wind energy, with or without the production tax credit, drives down electricity prices,'' he said. “Consumers receive massive benefits of billions and billions of dollars.''
Meanwhile, the wind business is already preparing for a slowdown. On Tuesday, a wind tower manufacturer, Katana Summit, said it would probably sell or close its two plants, in Nebraska and Washington State, because of the expiration of the tax credit. The two plants employ a total of about 300 people.
An earlier version of this post misstated the number of jobs that the American Wind Energy Association estimates will be lost if the wind production tax credit expires. It is 37,000, not 17,000.
ST Joshi has condemned the World Fantasy awards' decision to stop using trophies modelled on the controversial writer as ‘the worst sort of political correctness'
HP Lovecraft's biographer ST Joshi has returned his two World Fantasy awards following the organisers' decision to stop using a bust of the author for the annual trophy – a move the Lovecraft expert called “a craven yielding to the worst sort of political correctness”.
The change was announced on Sunday. It follows a year-long campaign led by the author Daniel José Older, who launched a petition calling for the awards to end their trophy's association with “avowed racist” Lovecraft.
World Fantasy award drops HP Lovecraft as prize image Read more
Writing on his blog, Joshi said he had returned the awards he won in previous years to the co-chairman of the World Fantasy Convention, David Hartwell. “Evidently,” Joshi added, “this move was meant to placate the shrill whining of a handful of social justice warriors who believe that a ‘vicious racist' like Lovecraft has no business being honoured by such an award.”
Joshi also provided the text of his letter to Hartwell, telling him that the decision “seems to me a craven yielding to the worst sort of political correctness and an explicit acceptance of the crude, ignorant and tendentious slanders against Lovecraft propagated by a small but noisy band of agitators.”
Older's petition followed a blogpost from WFA winner Nnedi Okorafor on her “conflicted” feelings about the prize after seeing Lovecraft's racist 1912 poem On the Creation of Niggers. (Its couplets include: “A beast they wrought, in semi-human figure,/ Filled it with vice, and called the thing a Nigger.”)
“I knew of Lovecraft's racial issues, antisemitism, etc, but I never knew it was this serious. How strong the sentiment must have been within his soul for him to sit down and write that poem,” wrote Okorafor. “This wasn't racism metaphorically or abstractly rearing its ugly head within a piece of fiction, this was specific and focused. Who does that? Even in the early 1900s? That excuse of ‘that was just how most whites were back then' has never flown with me. The fact that a lot of people back then were racists does not change the fact that Lovecraft was a racist.”
Following Sunday's announcement, Older told the Guardian: “Today, fantasy is a better, more inclusive, and stronger genre because of it.”
But Joshi told Hartwell that the change means the awards are now “irremediably tainted”, and requested that he no longer be nominated for any future WFA. In the past, Joshi won an award for his Unutterable Horror: A History of Supernatural Fiction, Volumes One and Two, and a special award for scholarship. His works include a biography of Lovecraft, further studies of the author, and extensive collections of the Cthulhu mythos creator's writing and letters.
“I will never attend another World Fantasy Convention as long as I live. And I will do everything in my power to urge a boycott … among my many friends and colleagues,” wrote Joshi to Hartwell, adding on his blog that “if anyone feels that Lovecraft's perennially ascending celebrity, reputation, and influence will suffer the slightest diminution as a result of this silly kerfuffle, they are very much mistaken”.
TORONTO, Feb. 5 (UPI) -- A stray cat from Toronto found itself on the other side of the country after hitching a ride on a transport truck headed to Calgary.
The three-year-old cat whose lengthy journey earned it the nickname Gulliver, boarded the Westbound truck in December and was cared for by the staff of the Bison Transport company after the three day trip.
After about a month of caring for Gulliver the trucking company employees delivered the stray to cat rescue group MEOW Foundation where he will be put up for adoption.
"He is the sweetest boy; he's eating like he hasn't eaten in months," MEOW Foundation Shelter Manager Sandra Henry told Metro News. "He's a big suck. We pet him, he purrs. He's a wonderful boy."
Bison Transport staff grew attached to Gulliver, but ultimately decided the cross dock area the cat called home was too dangerous and decided to turn him over to the MEOW Foundation.
One Bison Transport employee has reportedly placed a bid to permanently adopt Gulliver and Brett Kennedy, who cleaned Gulliver's litter box during his time at the company, said he considered taking him in at one point.
"It's a great cat. I was thinking about potentially adopting it once it's socially rehabilitated." he said. "Normally I stick to dogs, but I don't know, it's a rough and tumble cat."
The pace of Canada's aerial bombardments against ISIL has picked up since Justin Trudeau became prime minister, a curious scenario given his campaign pledge to withdraw from the U.S.-led mission in Iraq and Syria.
Since Trudeau's swearing-in five days ago on Nov. 4, Canada's CF-18 jets conducted five airstrikes, hitting seven targets identified as Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant assets, according to information from the Department of National Defence.
There were 14 airstrikes in all of October, 10 in September and 11 in August. The busiest the CF-18 crews have been recently was in July, when there were six airstrikes in a five-day period.
As of Monday, CF-18 Hornets have conducted a total of 184 airstrikes as part of Operation Impact, a multinational coalition against ISIL in Iraq and Syria.
The military defines an airstrike as an aerial attack intended to damage or destroy an objective.
DND said the frequency of airstrikes are dictated by operational matters, not the politics of Ottawa.
“Yeah, in the last few weeks there have been more (airstrikes) in the past week or so, but if you look back at the course of Op Impact, there's been peaks and valleys where it's gone up and it's gone down. It mainly happens with regard to what's going on in the coalition,” said Capt. Kirk Sullivan, a public affairs officer with Canadian Joint Operations Command Headquarters.
“It's broader, it's bigger than just even the Canadian Armed Forces because it happens at a coalition level,” he said.
“Many factors determine the frequency and location of airstrikes in a coalition setting. Be it in Iraq or in Syria, aircraft are assigned on a daily basis by the coalition to targets where (ISIL) is known to operate with the ultimate goal of improving the security of Iraq and coalition nations.
“Coalition aircraft are assigned the targets by the coalition.”
He said Parliament decides the military's missions, but doesn't select its operational sorties. And the mission is set to continue until the government recalls its forces.
“It's part of Operation Impact, which is continuing under the mandate given to it by Parliament until direction is provided otherwise.
“We don't act on regime change, we act on direction, is basically what it comes down to,” said Capt. Sullivan.
“As far as the direction goes, we're continuing on with our operations until directed otherwise. We are ready to implement any change when it comes from the government.”
In Trudeau's first press conference as prime minister-designate, he reiterated his intention to end Canada's participation in the ISIL bombardments.
He said he informed U.S. President Barack Obama of his plans in a phone call.
“I committed that we would continue to engage in a responsible way that understands how important Canada's role is to play in the fight against ISIL, but he understands the commitments I've made about ending the combat mission,” Trudeau said.
Canada's first anti-ISIL bombardment took place on Nov. 2, 2014, according to DND, with jets conducting six airstrikes that month.
National Post
• Email: ahumphreys@nationalpost.com | Twitter: AD_Humphreys
The packet sent to employees of Koch Industries is similar to one sent out back in 2010, which Mark Ames and Mike Elk wrote about at the time.
“This sort of election propaganda seems like a new development,” says UCLA law professor Katherine Stone, who specializes in labor law and who reviewed the Koch Industries election packet for The Nation. “Until Citizens United, this sort of political propaganda was probably not permitted. But after the Citizens United decision, I can imagine it'll be a lot more common, with restrictions on corporations now lifted.” The election packet starts with a letter from Robertson dated October 4, 2010. It read: “As Koch company employees, we have a lot at stake in the upcoming election. Each of us is likely to be affected by the outcome on Nov. 2. That is why, for the first time ever, we are mailing our newest edition of Discovery and several other helpful items to the home address of every U.S. employee” [emphasis added]. For most Koch employees, the “helpful items” included a list of Koch-approved candidates, which was presented on a separate page labeled “Elect to Prosper.” A brief introduction to the list reads: “The following candidates in your state are supported by Koch companies and KOCHPAC, the political action committee for Koch companies. We believe these candidates will best advance policies supporting economic freedom.” exiledonline.com
Putting the "Mockery" in "Killing Democracy"
When McKinney applied for a foreman job at the plant in May, he says, his supervisor informed him that a higher-up said he wouldn't get the job because he was “too political.” “They said I should be aware of what I am posting online,” says McKinney. A subsequent August evaluation of McKinney noted that “supervisors feel Travis gets caught up in the politics of the day which can be distraction.” InTheseTimes.com
Economic freedom for the super rich means predatory exploitation for everyone else.If you are a worker and you get caught up in the politics of the day it is a "distraction." Why worry your pretty little head? Just go back to work and let the billionaires handle this for you, because the billionaires who finance the Republican Party certainly have your best interests in mind.
Let me tell you something, if you have to intimidate your workers into supporting your views on liberty than you aren't supporting liberty, you are supporting serfdom. Promoting liberty doesn't require intimidation, never has, never will. Promoting servitude, though, requires lots of intimidation.
Georgia Pacific's employees don't find the Koch's courage so inspiring. “I don't even put down on my Facebook that I work at Georgia Pacific. I put that I work for the Camas Paper mill. It's embarrassing to let people know that you work for Georgia Pacific because of what the Koch brothers are doing,” says one employee who spoke on condition of anonymity out of fear of being fired. “They are destroying the planet. They are trying to buy the votes. They think they are so high and mighty. They have their principles. They just think their way is the only way and they think everyone else is wrong.” InTheseTimes.com
Taking away your employees freedom of speech in the name of liberty? The workers at Koch Industries owned Georgia Pacific who blew the whistle on these tactics have certainly put their jobs at risk. The Koch brothers pay lip service to freedom, but what they really believe in is a rigged game where the Koch Bros make all the rules and where they always win.
A country dictated to by the wealthy isn't a democracy, it's an aristocracy of oligarchs. But doesn't this story expose what utter bullshit the Koch version of "liberty" is? If money equals freedom of speech than not being rich is like being born without vocal cords, and despite all of the money the Koch brothers are spending to buy this election that isn't enough, they have to intimidate their workers too. That doesn't sound like a Democracy or even a Republic. It sounds like a dictatorship.
Amidst the voter suppression efforts carried out by Tea Party groups that are funded by the Koch bros and others like them, and the huge sums of money being spent to lie to voters via Citizens United styled SuperPACs funded by Koch Industries, can we at least admit one thing? The wealthy aristocracy,the Koch brothers and their puppets have a vision of America's future, and that vision looks frighteningly like the worst images of the past.
Kudos to Mike Elk. Please share this story. If you aren't following @MikeElk on Twitter and elsewhere, you should. He is promising to release tons of confidential Koch Industry internal documents soon. The way this guy delivers, I'm looking forward to it.
If only we had more real journalists like Mike Elk in America we wouldn't be in this mess.
Peace and love to all,
The floor is now yours.
Chief Justice John G. Roberts and Associate Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor at the State of the Union last year. (Mandel Ngan/AFP)
When Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died at a Texas resort last weekend, he was staying in a 1,100-square-foot, $700-a-night room overlooking a lake.
He wasn't paying, though. And while Scalia is subject to the same financial disclosure laws that govern scores of federal employees, it is unclear if he had needed to disclose the trip due to a loophole in what all such employees must report.
This trip was one of hundreds taken by the Supreme Court justices in recent years, but its exclusive and private nature — with Scalia and three dozen other unidentified people gathered at a remote resort — has drawn new attention to how much is known about the high court and how its members travel.
When justices do venture outside of Washington, the tabs are frequently picked up by outside organizations. A review of annual financial disclosure forms filled out by the justices shows that in recent years, Scalia and the eight current justices took at least 365 trips for which an outside group picked up some or all of the tab.
“We live in a world now where all the Supreme Court justices are rock stars,” said Ronald D. Rotunda, a law professor at Chapman University. “They're invited all over the place. They publish their books, they go on book tours…. People just like to have them around.”
[Why Justice Scalia was staying for free at a Texas resort]
Scalia was the group's most prolific traveler since 2011, the first full year during which he and the eight sitting justices served together.
He was reimbursed for travel-related expenses by outside groups 23 times in 2014, the last year for which data is available, and nearly 100 times since 2011. At the other end of the spectrum was Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., who reported five such reimbursements since 2011. The other seven justices fell somewhere in between.
However, these disclosure forms provide scant details about the activities of the country's Supreme Court justices, men and women who have lifetime appointments to the court. Justice Elena Kagan returned to Princeton University, her undergraduate alma mater, for a speech in November 2014. The disclosure form lists the location, date, type of event and says that she was being reimbursed by Princeton for her transportation, hotel and meals; the form does not state, and does not require, the total cost of the trip and who attended the speech.
[Justice Scalia will lie in repose at the Supreme Court, funeral set for Saturday]
Judges cannot accept anything of value from someone with a case in their court, and they are required to report travel-related reimbursements that total at least $375, an increase over previous years, according to the filing instructions sent out last year.
But these instructions include an exemption covering “food, lodging or entertainment received as a personal hospitality,” which is described as a person letting a justice stay at their home or property owned by them or their family.
This is a sizable loophole, one that may have extended to Scalia's trip to west Texas last weekend, according to Stephen Gillers, who teaches legal and judicial ethics at the New York University School of Law.
Scalia was staying at the 30,000-acre Cibolo Creek Ranch, a resort billed as the home of John B. Poindexter. The Texas native, who owns the Houston-based J.B. Poindexter & Co., told The Washington Post that Scalia, a friend and 35 other people were not charged for room, board and beverages.
[Scalia's son: Conspiracy theories about father's death are a ‘hurtful distraction']
But it is not obvious that an all-expenses-paid stay at at resort in southwestern Texas would fall under the “personal hospitality exemption,” Rotunda said. He said that if you invite a justice over to your house for dinner, that would not necessarily require a disclosure.
“I'm not sure if several days at a resort ranch would qualify as an exemption, because that's more than ordinary social hospitality,” he said. “It's one thing for me to invite you for dinner; it's another thing if I invite you for dinner for a week at my house in Hawaii.”
A black cloth adorns Scalia's chair and bench. (Franz Jantzen/Collection of the U.S. Supreme Court via Getty Images)
The fact that it's hard to tell speaks volumes, said Gabe Roth, who runs Fix the Court, a one-man nonprofit dedicated to increasing the court's transparency. While justices take trips that do not get listed, such as paying for their own visits to see their grandchildren, he said this trip would appear to be different. One of Poindexter's companies was party to an age-discrimination lawsuit that the Supreme Court declined to hear last year.
“An individual who had business before the court, just a few months ago, paid for his lodging; that's something that should be reported,” he said. “But there's really no oversight, either in terms of an outside body or even an internal ethics office that would normally catch that.”
The financial disclosure forms filled out by the justices are required by the 1978 Ethics in Government Act but are not publicly accessible on the court's website. Outside groups, such as OpenSecrets.org, purchase paper copies from the court, then upload the files. Justices, like other judges, have to report income earned from investments and other sources, spousal income, financial liabilities, and reimbursements from outside groups for food, transportation, lodging and entertainment.
More than half of such reimbursements were paid by colleges and universities for justices' teaching and speaking engagements. For instance, Scalia received reimbursements in 2014 for teaching and lecturing from 12 different universities as far-flung as the University of Hawaii and the University of Zurich.
Other groups are happy to pick up justices' travel bills, too. Roughly 17 percent of justices' reimbursed travel was to events sponsored by bar associations and other legal groups, while nearly a third of the trips were paid for by a variety of other groups and organizations, including think tanks, museums, media organizations and even a few wealthy individuals.
Scalia traveled at the behest of the conservative Federalist Society at least 10 times between 2011 and 2014, the disclosures show, making it the most frequent organization to appear in any one justice's disclosures.
In 2012, Justice Stephen G. Breyer attended events at the center-left Brookings Institution and Annenberg Foundation. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, meanwhile, who has been called on to recuse herself from same-sex marriage cases after officiating at same-sex weddings, made a 2014 appearance before the International Women's Health Coalition, a group that advocates for reproductive rights. That same year, she was called on to recuse herself from an abortion case after she was critical of a Texas law. The justices are permitted to decide for themselves if they have a conflict, a practice the chief justice has defended, and Ginsburg participated in both cases.
The disclosure forms also reveal other aspects of the justices' lives. In 2013, for instance, financier David Rubenstein flew Breyer out to a late-summer wedding in Nantucket — the disclosure doesn't specify who was getting married.
The year before, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. received a free trip to New Jersey to be inducted into the National Italian-American Hall of Fame. Also in 2012, Ginsburg traveled to New York to accept Glamour Magazine's Woman of the Year award, which came with a gift bag valued at $2,500, per her disclosure form.
Justices rarely disclosed individual gifts on their forms. One notable exception is Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who in 2011 reported a $1,400 gift of fine china from “the Butler family” and a $6,000 “translucent composite print” from one Robert Weingarten.
In other years, Sotomayor added a note to the “Additional Information” section of the form explaining that “many people sent me gifts of books, art, jewelry and trinkets. I have no reason to believe that any of those items exceeded the [reporting] limit. If I should learn otherwise, I will amend this form.”
Only Sotomayor and Scalia reported liabilities on their disclosure forms. For several years, she listed up to four credit card debts below $15,000 for Discover, Visa, MasterCard and American Express. She also reports a mortgage on a rental property in New York valued at between $250,001 and $500,000 dollars. The only liability reported by Scalia was a loan on a life insurance policy valued at less than $15,000.
Roberts, though, has publicly questioned whether the justices even have to report this information, writing in his annual report for 2011 that the justices have “never addressed whether Congress may impose those requirements on the Supreme Court.”
But, he added, they comply regardless, effectively suggesting that the justices were only voluntarily disclosing their finances.
“That issue will never get resolved,” Gillers said. “Congress doesn't want to push it, and the court doesn't want to confront it.”
Gillers also said that there's a public relations element to this, since the justices don't want to seem like they “go off and do whatever they want” throughout the year.
“They don't want to send a signal that they're above the law, even though they think they might be, or at least these laws,” he said.
It is unlikely the issue will ever be confronted, Gillers said. “And if it does require a resolution, who will decide it? The judges.”
Alice Crites, Jerry Markon and Robert Barnes contributed to this report.
Related:
Georgetown Law professors argue over how, and whether, to mourn Scalia
The death of Antonin Scalia: Chaos, confusion and conflicting reports
[This story, first published at 6 a.m., has been updated.]
The "whataboutism" was strong in the aftermath of the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Va., that left three people dead and dozens more injured after one young neo-Nazi — inspired by ISIS tactics, I guess — decided to ram his car into a crowd of counter-protesters before trying to sneak away from the scene like a coward.
Informed America was incensed that President Donald Trump, in the immediate aftermath, failed to perform what should be one of the easiest, most uncontroversial duties of any presidency: to immediately call out white supremacists and neo-Nazis (which I will mostly use interchangeably, as I'd argue there isn't much of a difference) as traitors to country, as antithetical to the values that the U.S. holds dear.
Instead, Trump condemned "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," as if "many sides" drove that car into a crowd of people, and "many sides" convened to march through the University of Virginia campus shouting Nazi rallying cries such as "Blood and soil" and "Jews will not replace us."
Trump's failure to name this distinct form of hatred was an omission so grievous that it actually compelled a group of Republicans to emerge from their festering cesspool of partisan loyalty and urge the president to "call evil by its name," in the words of Colorado Senator Cory Gardner. (Trump relented two days later and called out the groups by name.)
Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. <a href="https://t.co/PaPNiPPAoW">https://t.co/PaPNiPPAoW</a> —@SenCoryGardner
Nevertheless, Trump had his loyal-erdefenders — supported by a group of unyielding contrarians, right-wing rabble-rousers and, neo-Nazis — who demanded the public reserve some of its scorn for those other groups supposedly causing trouble over the weekend: Antifa and Black Lives Matter (BLM). "Whatabout them?" they asked, incensed by this apparent double standard.
In normal times, this intellectually lazy attempt at deflection would not be dignified with a response. But we are not in normal times: the White House chief strategist is adarling of the white nationalist movement; the president is winning praise from prominent white supremacists; and neo-Nazis have adopted a 21st-century uniform of khaki pants and citronella torches (the only greater enemy to the white purity movement than blacks and Jews is mosquitoes, I take it) and are marching openly, by the thousands, bearing swastikas, militia uniforms and paraphernalia celebrating the apparent wisdom of Adolf Hitler.
The U.S. president addressed "evil" racism in a speech from the White House Monday in which he called the Ku Klux Klan and white supremacists "repugnant" and counter to American values. The statement comes days after a deadly, racially charged attack in Charlottesville, Va. 0:19
To be sure: Nazis and their sympathizers have been around for decades, both before the Second World War and after. But the fact that they are gathering now in such large numbers, without even bothering to cover their faces, and many with the belief that the president of the United States is on their side, makes this period entirely unprecedented.
Neo-Nazis are supposed to be on the fringe. Instead, we have the president's allies attempting to deflect public attention from the distinct, unrivalled evilness that is white supremacy and neo-Nazism.
Yes, other groups have committed acts of violence. And no, that should not be tolerated. But — and I can't believe I actually have to say this — there is no moral equivalency between neo-Nazis and groups like Black Lives Matter and Antifa.
Neo-Nazis and white supremacists are associating themselves with a group that was (and still should be) America's enemy. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
The legacy factor is one obvious reason. Neo-Nazis are associating themselves with a group that was (and still should be) America's enemy — responsible for the extermination of millions of innocent people. The U.S. literally fought a war against these people. And now, disgruntled undergrads with no understanding of history are buying backyard torches at the local Home Depot because they're feeling a bit hard done by.
I can hear the responses already: But Communists killed people, too! They were America's enemies also! Antifa militants are basically neo-Stalinists!
This argument would perhaps be more credible if Antifa was instead called the Red Army and its mission was to eliminate enemies of the state. Sure, a few weirdos in the group will fly hammer-and-sickle flags and wear Mao Zedong T-shirts, but the word "Antifa" does not harken back to lynchings and concentration camps and slavery.
Communists were once America's enemies, yes, but Antifa never was.
Clashes broke out at a United the Right rally in Charlottesville, Va., with the governor later declaring a state of emergency 0:44
More importantly, while groups like Antifa and BLM might engage in violence at times — no one is disputing that — the major difference is that their existence is not predicated on hatred of others. Antifa was founded to resist fascism and racism. BLM was created to bring attention to the systemic violence and racism black people in the U.S. endure. No doubt there are members of both groups who hate members of their perceived "oppressor class," but the point is these groups can still exist without them.
A white supremacist group, on the other hand, cannot exist without individuals who believe people of colour are genetically inferior. There is no such thing as a neo-Nazi who doesn't despise Jews. Hatred is their raison d'être.
When people insist BLM and Antifa be subject to the same censure as neo-Nazis, they are failing to see the bigger picture: fighting for the right to be a fascist is not the same as fighting for the right to exist.
This column is part of CBC's Opinion section. For more information about this section, please read this editor's blog and our FAQ.
‘Twas the night before Christmas and all through the Twilight Hall Santa Guardian and his band of dark elves put the finishing touches on a gift for all the bad boys and girls in Blind Guardian land. Santa Guardian thought it was unfair that “The Bard's Song – The Hobbit” was re-recorded for Memories of a Time to Come but “The Bard's Song – In the Forest” didn't get any special treatment.
Using his own special brand of persuasion, Santa Guardian “convinced” the band to make an orchestral version of “The Bard's Song – In the Forest” for inclusion on Memories of a Time to Come. Santa's gift to every Blind Guardian fan is a 95 second preview of this song.
The whole Blind Guardian family wishes you and yours a very happy holiday season. See you in 2012!
Amaysim since their launch have been one of the most competitive players in the mobile market and today they've announced new plans starting at the end of this month offing more data and inclusions but with one small catch.
Going from 5GB of data to 7GB is a big leap, with Amaysim now offering anything from 1.5GB to 9GB of data from between $24.90 and $49.90 per recharge.
The only issue is they've also reduced the expiry time for the inclusions – down from 30 days to 28.
That might not seem like much, but over the course of a year that's almost an extra month. On a $29.90 recharge you'll go from paying $363.78 per year up to $389.77 – an extra $26 a year. On a $49.90 recharge that's going to cost you an extra $43.37 per year.
One new addition to the Amaysim plans is they all now include unlimited standard calls to the 10 most called countries in the world, including China, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, NZ, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, UK and USA.
Here's all the new plans, as of March 31
UNLIMITED 9GB
Available for $49.90 for 28 days, the UNLIMITED 9GB (previously UNLIMITED 8GB) will include 9GB of data; unlimited standard national talk & text; unlimited standard international text and 300 minutes of standard international calls to 32 selected countries with calls to a selected 10 countries set to unlimited, all for use in Australia – making it the perfect mobile plan for big streamers with friends and family in faraway places.
UNLIMITED 7GB Plus
Available for $44.90 for 28 days, UNLIMITED 7GB (previously UNLIMITED 5GB Plus) will include 7GB of data; unlimited standard national talk & text; unlimited standard international text and 300 minutes of standard international calls to 32 selected countries with calls to selected 10 countries set to unlimited, all for use in Australia.
UNLIMITED 7GB
Available for $39.90 for 28 days, UNLIMITED 7GB (previously UNLIMITED 5GB) will include 7GB of data; unlimited standard national talk & text; unlimited standard international calls to selected 10 countries, all for use in Australia.
UNLIMITED 3GB
Available for $29.90 for 28 days, UNLIMITED 3GB (previously UNLIMITED 2GB) will include 3GB of data and; unlimited standard national talk & text; unlimited standard international calls to selected 10 countries, all for use in Australia – making it the perfect mobile plan for everyday mobile users that don't want to break the bank.
UNLIMITED 1.5GB
Available for $24.90 for 28 days, UNLIMITED 1.5GB (previously UNLIMITED 1GB) will include 1.5GB of data and; unlimited standard national talk & text; unlimited standard international calls to a selected 10 countries, all for use in Australia.
Trev is a Technology Commentator, Dad, Speaker and Rev Head. He produces and hosts two popular podcasts, EFTM and Two Blokes Talking Tech. He also appears on over 50 radio stations across Australia weekly, and is the resident Tech Expert on Channel 9's Today Show each day and appears regularly on A Current Affair. Father of three, he is often found down in his Man Cave. Like this post? Buy Trev a drink!
Co Authors :
While legalizing assisted death has been celebrated by civil liberties advocates, many religious leaders and groups representing people with disabilities have decried the entire practice as an affront to human dignity.
However, the tally is likely much higher than several regions did not provide any current data, and many patients aren't officially tracked. That number, for example, does not include Quebec, which implemented its own law on doctor-assisted death last December before the national law was introduced. A right-to-die group in the province reported in July that 253 patients have requested the procedure since December, and 166 people had died because of it.
According to numbers compiled by the CBC , at least 100 Canadians, almost entirely in Ontario and British Columbia, ended their lives with the help of a doctor since a federal law came into effect. Ontario started offering drugs to assist medically-assisted suicide at no cost.
And yet right-to-die activists are concerned the federal government isn't adequately tracking the numbers of patients that have chosen a medically-supervised death. The assisted dying law, passed in June, requires the federal government to keep track of the numbers of Canadians who undergo doctor-assisted deaths but it hasn't yet done so.
Hundreds of Canadians have chosen to die with medical assistance this summer after a new federal law made it legal for adults with terminal illness to end their lives with the assistance of a doctor or nurse practitioner.
Read more
Hundreds of Canadians have chosen to die with medical assistance this summer after a new federal law made it legal for adults with terminal illness to end their lives with the assistance of a doctor or nurse practitioner.
And yet right-to-die activists are concerned the federal government isn't adequately tracking the numbers of patients that have chosen a medically-supervised death. The assisted dying law, passed in June, requires the federal government to keep track of the numbers of Canadians who undergo doctor-assisted deaths but it hasn't yet done so.
According to numbers compiled by the CBC, at least 100 Canadians, almost entirely in Ontario and British Columbia, ended their lives with the help of a doctor since a federal law came into effect. Ontario started offering drugs to assist medically-assisted suicide at no cost.
However, the tally is likely much higher than several regions did not provide any current data, and many patients aren't officially tracked. That number, for example, does not include Quebec, which implemented its own law on doctor-assisted death last December before the national law was introduced. A right-to-die group in the province reported in July that 253 patients have requested the procedure since December, and 166 people had died because of it.
While legalizing assisted death has been celebrated by civil liberties advocates, many religious leaders and groups representing people with disabilities have decried the entire practice as an affront to human dignity.
Related: Assisted Suicide Is Now Legal in Canada — And One Province Is Providing Free Drugs to Do It
In February 2015, the Supreme Court of Canada struck down the part of the criminal code that banned doctor-assisted suicide, and granted the federal government one year to implement a new law that would allow consenting adults suffering from a "grievous and irremediable" medical ailment to have a doctor help end their lives.
There were several months in between the court's ruling and the deadline in which Canadians could request doctor-assisted deaths through the courts. Dozens of Canadians across the country received special permission during that time period.
Shanaaz Gokool, the CEO of Dying with Dignity Canada, told VICE News that the federal government should start counting assisted deaths in the country "sooner rather than later," and also extend the data they collect to include people who are currently in palliative care, and those who have taken it upon themselves to end their own lives because they have been denied medical assistance to do so.
She pointed to a number of examples of people in Quebec ceasing to eat or drink when they didn't qualify to hasten their deaths.
"As more people who thought they were going to qualify under the law find out they don't, they will look at other options," said Gokool. "And these are all important pieces of information that the federal government should track."
The ruling Liberals implemented their law amid fierce criticism from right-to-die advocates who argue that the law violates the charter—and the court's original ruling—for only allowing medical assisted death for Canadians with terminal illnesses whose death is imminent. They say the law should also extend to people who are suffering physically and mentally, even if it's not terminal and they aren't expected to die in the near future.
And for that reason, the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association, which led the previous assisted-death battle at the Supreme Court, is suing the federal government all over again, saying the new law should be repealed and broadened.
Related: Canada's Assisted Suicide Law Doesn't Go Far Enough, Some Say
Leading the case is a 25-year-old BC woman who has spinal muscular atrophy and uses a wheelchair.
"I am terrified that I could be trapped in a state of physical and mental suffering that could last for months, years or even decades. Having to think about this future causes me immense physical distress," Julia Lamb told reporters at a press conference earlier this summer.
The association's litigation director added that the new law "will have the perverse effect of forcing seriously ill Canadians to resort to violent methods or the 'back alley.'"
The federal justice minister has defended her government's law as being in line with the constitution and one that respects the rights of Canadians by being "principled, cautious and deliberate."
A spokesperson for the Canadian Medical Association told the CBC that its members were content with the law and that "things seem to be proceeding relatively well with respect to availability of physicians and interpretation of federal legislation."
Follow Rachel Browne on Twitter: @rp_browne
Nearly half of working-age men who aren't in the labor force take daily pain medication, according to new research that highlights one alarming possible reason for weak labor force participation in the U.S.
Of men between the ages of 25 and 54, 47 percent said that they took pain medication during the previous day in a survey commissioned by Princeton professor and former Obama White House economist Alan Krueger. For two-thirds of those men, the medication was prescribed.
Those results line up with what Krueger found in government-conducted surveys, and they add a new explanation for low male labor force participation, namely that many men may be too sick or injured to work.
Of the men who reported taking medication, 40 percent said that pain prevented them from working.
Krueger's research, which is prepared for an upcoming Federal Reserve conference but was shared on social media Friday and has not been peer-reviewed, attributes the drop in U.S. labor force participation in recent years primarily to aging.
The analysis downplays some of the reasons that have been suggested for the drop. For instance, Krueger reports little evidence that disability insurance is increasingly a disincentive to work, as some economists have suggested.
Instead, he focuses on the possibility that some working age people, especially men, have health problems, and that getting them back to work might necessitate increasing their access to healthcare.
For younger working-age men, aged 21-30, video games also may be part of the problem, Krueger finds. While falling labor force participation for that group mostly reflects school attendance, idleness is also up. And that might be because, he finds, playing video games is more attractive than older forms of idleness, such as watching television. He discovers that young men out of the labor force spent 6.7 hours a week on average playing video games in the years 2012-2015, up from 3.6 hours a week in 2004-2007.
That finding accords with highly publicized new research by the University of Chicago's Erik Hurst and other economists that attributes some of the decline in work among young men to the improved quality of video games, which makes not working more attractive relative to working.
Again using government survey data, Krueger finds that young men and women who are out of the labor force are "remarkably content with their lives." The same is not true for older workers.
On the heels of yesterday's revelation that the NSA is bulk collecting call logs from Verizon Business customers, the Washington Post is reporting tonight on another initiative, code named PRISM. According to the report, it gives the FBI and NSA access to "audio, video, photographs, e-mails, documents and connection logs" from the central servers of Microsoft, Yahoo, Google, Facebook, PalTalk, AOL (parent company of Engadget), Skype, YouTube and Apple. Another program called BLARNEY sniffs up metadata as it streams past "choke points" on the internet, continuing the theme of bulk scooping of data most would think is private. The Post's knowledge of these programs comes from PowerPoint slides (like the one shown above) provided by a "career intelligence officer" driven to expose how deep it goes.
So what can the project allegedly see? Analysts based at Fort Meade use search terms to determine at least 51 percent confidence in a subject's "foreignness" before pulling data, which can include that of people found in a suspect's inbox. On Facebook, they can utilize the service's built in search and surveillance capabilities, monitor audio, video, chat and file transfers or access activity on Google's mail, storage, photo and search services. So... are you still logged in?
Update 4: Now we've come full circle, as the original Washington Post article has been expanded to include the various company's responses and denials (listed after the break). Another element that has changed is the mention of another classified report that suggests these companies may not be knowingly participating, and the NSA's access may not be as direct as originally claimed. Claiming the difference may be the result of "imprecision" by the NSA author, the arrangement is now described as "collection managers [to send] content tasking instructions directly to equipment installed at company-controlled locations."
Update (June 7th): Google has now issued a longer statement, signed by CEO Larry Page and Chief Legal Officer David Drummond, which reiterates its earlier comments and also calls for a "more transparent approach" from both other companies and governments alike.
Update 2 (June 7th): Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has denied involvement on his personal page, stating "Facebook is not and has never been part of any program to give the US or any other government direct access to our servers...We hadn't even heard of PRISM before yesterday." Like the others, he claimed Facebook only provides information "if it is required by law" and mirrored Page's call for more transparency regarding government programs.
“Kung Fu Yoga” dominated the foreign box office, racking up a hefty $51.4 million. The action-comedy with Jackie Chan represents the union of two of the largest film markets — China and India. It was backed by companies in both countries and has resonated with audiences in both places, grossing $177.9 million globally. The film centers on an archaeology professor who goes off in search of a lost treasure in Tibet.
Another Chinese smash, “Journey to the West: Demons Strike Back,” continued its hot run at the multiplexes, earning $35.3 million to capture second place on the foreign box office chart. The film is a follow-up to the 2013 smash “Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons,” which was one of the highest-grossing Chinese releases in history, earning $215 million. The sequel should top that figure, having made $202 million in roughly two weeks of release.
China dominated the overseas charts, as “Duckweed,” a drama about a father reuniting with his estranged son, earned $29.5 million to nab third place. That brought its gross to $90 million.
China has been seen as the key contributor to the movie business' growth in recent years, but fears were ignited in 2016 after ticket sales in the country began to slow. Last year, grosses in the Middle Kingdom hit their lowest levels in eight years. There are signs of a rebound, however. In January, the box office was up 25 percent and February is kicking off on a high note with “Kung Fu Yoga” and the “Journey to the West” sequel shaping up to be blockbusters.
Lionsgate's “La La Land” sang and danced its way to fourth place on the foreign chart, picking up $20.1 million. The musical is a leading Oscar contender, and the reviews and awards attention have enabled it to translate to foreign audiences. So far, “La La Land” has made $268.3 million globally.
Sony's “Resident Evil: The Final Chapter” rounded out the top five, picking up $16.5 million. The latest installment in the long-running action franchise has grossed $117.4 million globally.
The Arbatel de magia veterum ( Arbatel: Of the Magic of the Ancients ) is a Renaissance-period grimoire – a textbook of magic – and one of the most influential works of its kind. Unlike some other occult manuscripts that contain dark magic and malicious spells, the Arbatel contains spiritual advice and guidance on how to live an honest and honorable life.
The Arbatel is claimed to have been written in 1575 AD. This date is supported through textual references dating from 1536 through 1583. It is believed that the final editor of the Arbatel was Swiss physician Theodor Zwinger, and that it was published by Italian printer Pietro Perna. The author remains unknown, although it has been speculated that a man named Jacques Gohory may be the author. Like Zwinger and Perna, Gohory was a Paracelsian (a group who believed in and followed the medical theories and therapies of Paracelsus).
Portrait of Paracelsus (Philippus von Hohenheim), Father of Toxicology and Occultist. Public Domain
The focus of the Arbatel is on nature, and the natural relationships between humanity and a celestial hierarchy. It centers on the positive relationships between the celestial world and humans, and the interactions between the two. British poet and scholarly mystic Arthur Edward Waite (A.E. Waite) noted that the Arbatel is clearly Christian in nature. He wrote that it does not contain any form of black magic, and that it is not connected to the Greater or Lesser Keys of Solomon , which were focused on demonology. The most frequently cited book in the Arbatel is the Bible. In the manner it is written, it appears that the author of the Arbatel must have had many portions of the Bible memorized, and that this highly influenced his writings.
Orthodox icon of nine orders of angels, forming a Celestial Hierarchy. Public Domain
The Arbatel was an extremely influential work for its time. It is said that one cannot understand the meaning of the Arbatel without also understanding the philosophy of Paracelsus. It viewed theosophy in an occult sense, and was perhaps the first written work to do so. Prior to the Arbatel, theosophy was generally used as a synonym for theology. It was the first writing to make the important distinction between human knowledge and divine knowledge. Not all views of the Arbatel are positive, however. Dutch physician, occultist and demonologist Johann Weyer condemned the Arbatel as being “full of magical impiety” in his book, De praestigiis daemonum . In 1617, two professors at the University of Marburg in Germany intended to use the Arbatel as a textbook for students. Actions were taken against those professors by the University, and the book led to a student's expulsion. Further, in 1623, an individual accused of being a witch, Jean Michel Menuisier, claimed to have used incantations from the Arbatel.
Buer, the 10th spirit, who teaches "Moral and Natural Philosophy", from Dictionnaire Infernal, a book on demonology. Public Domain
The first edition was most likely published in Basel. Some claim there had been earlier editions, although there has been no evidence to substantiate this. Since 1575, there have been several reprints. In 1655, Robert Turner translated the Arbatel to English, and printed it in his "Fourth" book of Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa's “ Three Books of Occult Philosophy .” In 1686, Andreas Luppius wrote a German translation of the Arbatel, and in 1855, Scheible completed another German translation, correcting Luppius' errors. In 1945, Marc Haven created a French translation of the manuscript. Finally, in 1969, it was translated again into English in the British Library's Sloane Manuscripts. This English translation resulted in many errors and missing sections, and included a “ Seal of Secrets ” not included in any other version.
Through its original edition and later translations, the Arbatel remains a fascinating look into ancient spiritual advice, and the different philosophies and views of the world from the 16 th Century.
Featured image: Person holding an ancient grimoire. ( abovetopsecret.com)
Sources
The Arbatel of Magic – Sacred Texts. Available from: http://www.sacred-texts.com/grim/bcm/bcm08.htm
Arbatel de magia veterum – Wikipedia. Available from: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbatel_de_magia_veterum
By M R Reese
How do you know someone is really who they say they are? In developer and security circles, you do it with Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) keys. Or, you used to anyway.
If someone signs and encrypts their code or email with their PGP digital signature, you could, in theory, be sure they are who they say they are and their words or code are indeed their words or code. If they use a short (32-bit or smaller) key, they have no real security. In that case, a hacker can now easily forge a fake PGP signature. And that's exactly what happened to Linus Torvalds, Greg Kroah-Hartman, and other leading Linux kernel developers.
On the Linux Kernel Mailing List (LKML), it was revealed that for the last two months, since about mid-June, "some developers found their fake keys with same name, email, and even 'same' fake signatures by more fake keys in the wild, on the keyservers".
This isn't a new attack. Linux programmers have known since December 2011 that short PGP keys were inherently insecure. It's just that no one bothered to break the PGP keys... until now.
In June, hackers Richard Klafter and Eric Swanson saw that GPG [a popular open-source implementation of PGP] usage had continued to grow, but people were still using short keys. On the site Evil 32, they state: "32-bit key ids were reasonable 15 years ago but are obsolete now. Using modern GPUs, we have found collisions for every 32-bit key id in the WOT's (Web of Trust) strong set. Although this does not break GPG's encryption, it further erodes the usability of GPG and increases the chance of human error."
How bad is it? It took them four seconds using the scallion program to generate a colliding 32-bit key id on a run-of-the-mill graphics processing unit (GPU), such as a Nvidia GeForce GTX.
This is not an attack aimed at Linux. Indeed, no damage seems to have been done. As Kroah-Hartman, Linux kernel maintainer for the stable branch of Linux, explained on Google+: "It wasn't just targeted at kernel developers, but at all 24,000 keys in the 'strong' ring of PGP trust, and yes something like this has been possible for a very long time now so it's not really that much news, and yes, GPG really is horrible to use and almost impossible to use correctly."
Linux developers, however, were the first to notice that something odd was going on with PGP signed code releases. Since then, Swanson explained on Ycomhinator News, "We wanted to bring awareness to the dangers of using short key IDs in the 21st century, since that ID is very easy to fake, and most of the contents of the key body are not covered by the signature, so they can be changed at will. However, we feel that the keys uploaded to the public keyserver are, on balance, more of harmful to the usability of the PGP ecosystem than they are helpful in highlighting security flaws."
Just because they didn't do any harm is no reason to relax about using PGP. Swanson continued, "It's important to realize that anyone could repeat our work pretty easily. While we did not release the scripts that automated cloning the web of trust, the whole process took me less than a week. Cloning a single key is even easier - it could be done with only a few minutes of effort by someone familiar with GPG. The GPG ecosystem needs to develop better defenses to this attack."
So, what can you do about this? Well, besides never using 32-bit keys again, I can recommend you follow Kroah-Hartman's advice: "Short answer, always use 'long' keys when using GPG, and never auto-refresh keys from the keyservers."
Related Stories:
Want to send WMV video via email but the video size exceeds the limit? Looking for some tools to do simple splitting of WMV files on your computer without re-encoding? Often, cool videos you've just shot or captured contain unwanted elements: ads from YouTube or other hosting sites, pauses or unnecessary content and more. If you are trapped by these problems to cut WMV files for uploading to the video sharing site, or taking off the unnecessary part of the video. Well, this article will assist you to split or cut WMV video files on Win or Mac efficiently without any quality loss in details.
➤ Part 1 Best way to easily split WMV files on Windows/Mac
➤ Part 2 Other Way to split or divide WMV file
Best way to easily split WMV files on Windows/Mac
Sometimes we want to split a long movie scene by scene or just get a part from the movie, so we need to find an easy-to-use and powerful video splitter. And the top WMV Video Splitter - Dimo Video Converter Ultimate is No.1 all-round video converter and splitter to allow you to split a large WMV file into smaller WMV files, or to extract manually selected segments of an WMV file to new WMV files as well as converting WMV to MP3 for extracting background music. Using direct stream cut tech, this audio and video splitter can quickly split larger clips and audio files without recompression, so it is very fast and without any quality loss. In addition to WMV, this tool supports almost all the video and audio formats like MP4, AVI, MOV, MKV, FLV, ASF, MPG, WMA, AAC, OGG, MP3, etc.
Free Trial
people have downloaded it
More brilliant features in this WMV splitter, like:
Able to easily compile WMV, AVI, ASF,MPEG-2,WMA, MP3 files with options like trim, crop, rotate, merge and more;
convert files including divided WMV to all popular video formats like MP4, AVI, MKV, FLV etc.;
Optimize videos with provided special effects as well as rending 3D effects, animated GIF transitions, watermarks;
All-in-one video software: WMV splitter, WMV converter, WMV downloader, DVD ripper as well as Blu-ray backup.
Getting interested now? Just have a try, its multiple functions will surprise you. Please download the program first and then follow the guide below, you'll find out how to split WMV files easily. If you are a Mac user to split WMV files on Mac, please download Dimo Video Converter Ultimate for Mac (Sierra 10.12, El Capitan, Mavericks, Yosemite included).
Easy steps to split and cut WMV files on Windows/Mac
Step 1 Add WMV files
After running this WMV splitter in Dimo Video Converter Ultimate, you can drag and drop the WMV files directly from the local computer to the program. Alternatively, you can also click the "Add File" button to load your WMV files.
Tip: By clicking "Add DVD" button, you can also convert DVD movies or split into small segments for playing and sharing with others.
Step 2 Split and cut WMV files
Click "Edit" option by the end of imported file task bar to separate WMV video files. The build-in video editor window of WMV splitter will appear and the video will play automatically. Then move the pin of start and end point on the slider to cut the segments you want, after that hit "+" or "Add Trim Marker" buttom > "OK" to split WMV video.
Tip 1: This WMV cutter also allow you to adjust the "Start point" and "End point" in more acurate way by seconds, you can input time from its task bar at the right panel, or click the triangle icon to get your specific beginning and end time. With it, you can cut an WMV files into unlimited segments. Just click "+" to add more cutting segments that is helpful for you to divide a file into serveral segments, if you don't need to merge the cutting clips into one file, please click "Merge" to undo parts joinning work or vice versa.
Tip 2: Click the "Adjust" button to head to the 'Crop Video' window, then you can crop video and set the zoom mode for the cropped video according to preference by click "Crop". You can set each value by moving the zoom frame to crop your movie video. Once setting done, please Click "OK" to apply cropping effects. What's more, there are four choices available for desired output aspect ratio of the cropped video, including Keep Original, Full Screen, 16:9 and 4:3.
Step 3 Start splitting WMV files
Now choose a format to save your split WMV videos. Here WMV is still set as the target format. So you'll see the split WMV files in the list with sequential name based on the original name. Finally click "Start" button to enable WMV files splitting. Also, you can set some video parameters like frame rate, resolution, bit rate etc by hitting the "Advanced settings" option. To find the new WMV file, just open the output folder according to the output path you've set.
Other Way to split or divide WMV file
Splitting, trimming and joining WMV video files can be done losslessly and very fast if you use good tools. If you are Windows user, why not simply use Windows Movie Maker? You might ask. Well, most users feedback us that they tried using Windows Movie Maker to remove ads from one of their TV recordings, but unfortunately after setting up the editing operations, it took another 30 minutes to process the file and even then the result was not so great.
In a word, good quality video splitters, trimmers and joiners like Dimo Video Converter Ultimate or its Mac version, which have the advantage of carrying the same codecs you have in your source video files, can usually perform their tasks more efficiently than an all purpose video editor and without the need to re-encode your source videos. They're generally quicker and easier to use for any of these basic video editing tasks.
Got stuck into splitting WMV or other video files won't work or the poor quality output as a result of lossy re-encoding or inappropriate settings during cutting process? Please email us or or leave a message at Facebook.
I'm a firm believer that media representation has a huge impact on how we see the world.
That's one of the reasons I campaign for diversity in TV and movies. There's perhaps no better example of why representation matters than this lovely post from an Orphan Black fan/Tumblr user “Her-insect-reflection,” which was shared on the show's official site.
In the post, she explains how Orphan Black helped her mother better understand the LGBTQ community.
First a little context: Orphan Black has been much praised for its LGBTQ representation. The show stars Tatiana Maslany as a group of cloned women, and one of the characters she plays is a lesbian scientist named Cosima, who is in a relationship with a woman named Delphine (Evelyn Brochu). Fans often refer to the pair as "Cophine." Another protagonist is a gay man named Felix (Jordan Garvis). And in one-second season episode (which I wrote about here), the show introduced a brand-new clone who is a transman named Tony (also played by Maslany).
With that in mind, read the full post here:
So I've know that Tony was important, like known it and preached it, but it wasn't until I was watching Orphan Black with my mother and could see her reacting to Tony for the first time that it really hit me how important this character is. Not only is he offering representation that we rarely see, but I had the chance to see one individual's whole perception of a minority group shift today.
My mother didn't handle my coming out well, but over the years she has come around. She loves and supports me, but she has continued to struggle with the LGBTQ community as a whole. She's reached out and tried, and it's been through TV shows (and books) and mutually loved characters that we've been able to rebuild our relationship. Last year when I recommended Orphan Black to her because it was so important to me, things changed forever.
First it was her love of Cophine. Out of everything that I had suggested she watch, that she read, or sent her, Cophine was the first same-sex couple that she actively shipped (without knowing what shipping was). She wanted them to be together. She wanted Cosima to be happy. She wanted Delphine to stand up and declare her love. I saw my mother change in the way she talked about my girlfriends and my friends. She saw how normal and how okay and how beautiful it all can be.
Second it was her love of Felix. It wasn't just me any longer. It wasn't just cute femme lesbians that appear on TV. This was a gay man that my mother fell in love with and absolutely adored. This was a character that engaged in sex work and drugs to pay the bills. This was a character that is so overtly sexual but is also soo much more than his sexual orientation. I saw my mother open up and accept a wider range of people into her life. I saw her stop using slurs and derogatory language. I saw her stand up and defend complete strangers.
And lastly it was her love of Tony. Tony changed everything. I saw my mother struggling at first, but as the episode progressed, I saw her slowly fall in love with him. She had her questions; Felix answered some, Tony answered some, and I answered some. This character was in one episode, but he impacted my mother the most. She sat there and reflected over her past comments and actions. I watched as she realized how insensitive and oppressive she had been. I watched as she worked through correct pronoun usage. I watched as she struggled with the realization that sexual orientation, gender, and sex are so much more complex than she had allowed herself to comprehend in the past. I watched her come to the realization that the question of surgery wasn't the most important part of this story or this character. I saw her come to realize how hard it must be for Trans* identified people to work in our current binaries. I saw my mother's world change.
And for the first time, my mother turned to me and apologized. She apologized for the conversion therapy she tried to put me through, she apologized for the preaching about sin and hell, she apologized for suggesting I was mentally ill, she apologized for pushing me out and away, she apologized for missing soo much of the last 10 years of my life, she apologized for not getting it and for not loving me like she should have. For the first time since I began to realize that I was gay, my mother and I were able to communicate and have a moment. Tony Sawicki just changed everything. My relationship with my mother won't heal overnight because of this, but it has begun to, and because of that, I will forever be grateful to Tatiana Maslany, Jordan Garvis, and Orphan Black for the opportunity to reclaim this relationship.
We seem to have reached a yet further level of absurdity in our various worries about what the robots are going to do to us all. We started, as we all know, with people worrying about what's going to happen when the robots do take all the jobs--everyone entirely missing that they already have. There's almost no one at all who does a job that existed in 1750 because we've automated them all away. After that there was the worry that the capitalists would get all the income leaving us all bereft, another thing which cannot happen. If the capitalists are getting all the income then we can't be getting any of the robot production. And if we're not then we've all still got jobs just as in the current economy. Now, as I say, we seem to be reaching an ever higher level of nonsense as we're told to fear the foreign robots taking the jobs instead of good solid American ones doing so:
Foreign Robots Invade American Factory Floors
The U.S. is being beaten by European and Japanese firms in the race to supply cutting-edge production machinery behind the new automated manufacturing sector
Well, that might be sad for the people who make robots but it seems just fine for the rest of us:
America is losing the battle to supply the kind of cutting-edge production machinery that is
powering the new automated factory floor, from digital machine tools to complex packaging
systems and robotic arms.
Commerce Department data show the U.S. last year ran a trade deficit of $4.1 billion in
advanced “flexible manufacturing” goods with Japan, the European Union and Switzerland,
which lead the industry. That is double the 2003 deficit. It was down from $7 billion in
2001, but much of the decline came from foreign equipment suppliers expanding in the
U.S., not from an American comeback.
This might be a battle being lost but it's not a very important one. For these sorts of capital goods inputs are much more akin to a public good than they are something that we've got to be producing. No, obviously, they're not public goods just that they're closer to that end of the spectrum. Consider this mind experiment, we need to flatten a road. Obviously we'd prefer to do that with a bulldozer than with sledgehammers. We might have a scintilla of interest in whether that bulldozer comes from three counties away, three states or three nations but that's as nothing to our relief at not having to work with 12 lb lump hammers. So it is with this sort of technology, we're much more, vastly more, interested in the idea that we've got access to it and can use it in our factories than whether we share a nationality with the people who built it.
Who builds the robots is thus a problem of the utmost triviality. All we really care about is that we get to use them.
In 2 days, the mascot of white supremacy and proof that God sometimes rushes through the creation process, Donald Trump, will be sworn in as president of the United States. And the four horsemen of the apocalypse will ride in as Jesus emerges behind them with a whip and proceeds to beat his ass (like they beat Kunta Kinte) before putting us all out of our misery.
Well, one of those things is likely. The latter is too kind a result. We don't deserve the rapture. We gotta sit here and live in a world where our leader is a guy who shouldn't even run on a treadmill, let alone run a country. And every day since November 8, I've had gagging episodes where I feel sick to my stomach and heave when I realize that this is really happening.
It has not gotten easier, as every day ushers in new fuckshit from the Trump Dump. Either way, now I'm in survival mode.
The 45th president of the United States happens to be a man who has the intellect and temperament of a spoiled toddler. This poor excuse for a breathing specimen also happens to be a racist, misogynist, xenophobe and arguably, a rapist. ANDDDD he has the nerve to have spent the last 8 years disrespecting the hell out of our current president, Barack Obama.
I know that Empress Duchess Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama, Queen of my heart, said “when they go low, we go high.” But see? I'm going to act like she followed that up with a silent “except when it comes for Donald Trump, then all bets are off.” I need that, because that dude goes so low that I feel like we have no choice but to go gutter.
So, gotta give it right back. I already told y'all I am not playing nice with him. I am committing to disrespecting that thing that is about to be ruling our country, for my own shits and giggles. Especially when we all know he's the most sensitive summabish this side of the Equator. Him and this fast ass Twitter fingers.
I never knew that the POTUS could be such a whiny little Twitter ho. Anything is possible.
Bruh gotta get these jokes and this work. And usually, I have limits when it comes to what I make fun of about a person (I stay away from jokes about someone's body usually) but with Cheeto Satan, I'm thinking most things are fair game.
For ease and for the culture, I'm presenting you with this necessary petty manual so we can all get in FUCKTHISDUDE formation:
A Handy Guide to Disrespecting Donald Trump.
Don't watch his inauguration
There is nothing that Satan's mentee loves more than attention, and ratings. I am a fan of hate-watching things, and tweeting it. But on January 20, I will not be watching no damb inauguration, and I hope you don't either. For one, it's full of the entertainment rejects since everyone with sense who was invited said “Nah I'll be too busy washing my hair at that time.” More importantly, Mein Trumpf needs to know that we are REALLY not here for him. And we need to give him fewer things to brag about.
I've been getting the messages about making sure our TVs are on so rating shares can show most people were watching television but just not his shit show. But I haven't been able to fact-check that so I can't vouch for it. All I know is *I* will not be watching.
Make fun of his credentials
We gotta constantly remind Donald that he ain't shit and never will be shit, no matter how much money he got because he didn't earn any of it. He's a reality TV star with many failed businesses in his wake. His resume is full of shoddy dealings and he has not one person who isn't on his payroll or his kin who can speak kindly of him.
Marmalade Mussolini can't even run his own businesses well, filing bankruptcy 6 times for his ventures. He is so damb raggedy and the ONLY reason he's ever gotten anywhere is because he was born with a platinum spoon in his mouth. I call him the mascot of white supremacy because ain't no long con like the idea that white people are superior.
There is no other person who has served the office of POTUS who is this unqualified. He's the first to have held no other public offices, and the first to be part chip (he gotta be AT LEAST 15% Dorito).
Make fun of his hair
Ain't no way in hell you should be this rich and walking around with hair that looks like piss-flavored cotton candy. Like when you walk by him, he gives off the aura of porta potty.
Lord knows. Nobody should ever speak directly to him. How do you do business with someone who is wearing a squirrel on his scalp? Why does his hair look like that sponge our mom's been using for 3 years and it's now a shadow of its former self but she loves it so much because it scrubs the pots really well? His hair up there looking like Lucy from Charlie Brown dyed her bangs blonde. On a little cartoon girl, it is acceptable. On a troglodyte with the face for radio, it is horrendous.
So this is low hanging roast fruit. Get to it. Come up with the best hair jokes of your life. Make me proud.
Make fun of his color
White, Black, Yellow? Sure. Orange? No. WHY ARE YOU THE COLOR OF A UNHEALTHY SNACKS?!?
Why is your spray tan unable to even so its odds? And why does he always miss the circle around his eyes, so he looks a creamsicle that someone bit so you can see the vanilla on the inside? It's offensive, how terrible he looks.
The key to these jokes working is to figure out things that are orange-y in color and evil, and use them to create parallels. Sooooo Cheeto Satan. Tangerine Voldemort. Persimmon Hitler. Get creative, and go nuts. Do your best!
Make fun of his baby hands
For someone who is constantly writing checks his mouth can't cash, Sunkist Stalin can't even put his hands on folks to back himself up if it came to it.
He was on that tape talmbout how he wanted to grab a woman by her pussy. WITH WHOSE HANDS, DONALD?? Those tiny hands can maybe grab one labium, but not both at the same time. Arms and hands too short to box with God. Hell, they're too short to palm a volleyball. I guess that God felt like amusing Himself and when He was putting the Nacho Nazi together, He gave him hands that would stay 12 years old as the rest of him grew. Grown AF with pre-teen phalanges.
That asshole can get this work!
Call him everything but his name.
Now comes the REALLY fun part. We've started doing this but we need to get really intentional about it. This might be the last time I actually type Donald Trump because henceforth, he must not be given the honor of being called his birth name. We must come together in impertinence and call this dimwit the monikers that really fit him.
I have made note of all the names I've heard folks call him across the internet and made us a list to refer back to. I am only taking credit for the first 2. The others? Found and dreamed of by the great minds across Twitter, Facebook and more.
Squirrelwig McRacistPants. Cheeto Satan. Coral Babyhands. Fanta Fascist. Dreamsicle Demon. Orange Menace. El Hombre de Tang. Marmalade Mussolini. Orange Anusmouth. Don the Con. Hair Gropenfuhrer. Sunkist Stalin. Habañero Hitler. Mandarin Orange Mugabe. The Orange Peel. Trumplethinskin. Orange is the new Splat. Tangerine Nutsack. Angry Creamsicle. Human-toupee hybrid. Agent Orange. Fuckface von Clownstick. Cheetolini. The Orange Shitweasel. President Tang. Persimmon Toddler. Kim Jong Orange. Pantone Beelzebub. Hair Gropenfuhrer. Minute Maid Mao. Clueless Orange Julius. Papaya Batista. Sweet Potato Saddam. Doorknob Trundlefuck. Tropicana Mussolini. Mangled Apricot Hellbeast. Twitler. Pumpkin Pinochet. Cheeze Wiz. Lemonhead Elect. Peach Nehi President. Trump Brulée. Short Fingered Vulgarian. Orange Foolius. Pumpkin Spice Satan. Tang Tyrant. Mandarin Manchurian Candidate. Sunburned Stalin. Babyhands McCheetodick. Cheeto-in-Chief. Salmon Voldemort. Candy Corn Kremlin. The Nacho Nazi. Toupée Fiasco. PEEOTUS.
New additions to this list: Dolt45. The Angry Yam. Tangerine Palpatine. Tangerine Turd Tumbler. Orange Kumquat. Yam Vader. Genghis Con. Cantaloupe Caillou. Madking Littlehands. Velveeta Tweeta. Salmon Sadist. Hair Force One. Darth Cheeto. Ginger Genghis. Terra Cotta Turdface. Marmalade VonDouche. Kumquat Despot. Cantaloupe Caligula. Kremlin Gremlin. Lord Commander Marmalade. Papaya Pol Pot. Apricot Idi Amin. Super Callous Fragile Racist Sexist Nazi Potus. Shady Marmalade. Cheeto Von Gropenstuff. Burnt Sienna Bumbaclot. Sherbert Pervert. Circus-Peanut-In-Chief. Jackass-o-Lantern. Komrade Kumquat.
And now, for the ultimate form of disrespect to Twitler (and the one that matters the most):
FIGHT and RESIST
We are in uncharted territories right now. He won on a platform of bigotry, he's supremely unqualified and he is the walking embodiment of the seven deadly sins. He is packing his administration with equally dreadful people who shouldn't even be door greeters at your local Piggly Wiggly, let alone in high positions of power in government. President Tang is the leader of the Republican Party, which now controls every branch of government. They have all the power they need to wreck everything good about this country. In fact, they've already started taking steps to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Basically, they are enemies of progress.
What we need to make sure we're doing is fighting them every step of the way. That we resist their agenda to “Make America Great Again” which is dog-whistle for “put white power back on the map.” We should not allow the normalization of discrimination that is so overt that you think we're back in the 1920s. Swastikas have made a comeback, hate crimes have spiked and the racists have been emboldened. The KKK basically took off their hoods and said “come at me, bro.”
The way to show our contempt for Wiggy Trumpzealea is to call him out on his bullshit, hold our elected officials accountable for our needs, and stand up for those who are even more marginalized than we are. It's not even disrespect as much as it is our duty. We fight. We resist. We make sure the nightmare on Pennsylvania Avenue doesn't incapacitate us.
What do we do now? We FIGHT like hell. We WRITE our asses off. We make the best ART we can. We PROTECT each other. We LOVE ourselves through it. We STAY STANDING.
And we also make fun of him with reckless abandon. You know his hurt feels will spill over in massive twitter rants and at his pay-to-play press conferences.
Let's do this!
But first, let me go vomit. Toupee Fiasco is really about to have the nuclear codes.
P.S. In case you are wondering what one of the hex code values of his skin was. You know he got about 46 different shades of orange going.
YOU'RE WELCOME!
P.P.S. Get a “The Only Donald We Acknowledge is Glover” tshirt
Follow @luvvie
Have you bought my debut book I'M JUDGING YOU: The Do-Better Manual. Haven't ordered it yet? Now's your chance. You'll love it. Amazon. Barnes & Nobles. iBooks. Audible (I narrated the audiobook myself). Kobo. Books-A-Million.
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/goalwa-net-soccer-news-for-the-state-of-washington/x/8313000
PONTIAC, MI – (League Report) Jesus Sanchez scored in the 89th minute as the Kitsap Pumas took a dramatic 2-1 victory against the Ocala Stampede in the first semifinal at the 2014 PDL Championship presented by Nike at the Ultimate Soccer Arenas on Friday evening. Kitsap, the 2011 champion, had taken the lead late in the first half through Joaquin Rivas, but Lewis Hilton got Ocala back on level terms just before the halftime break, only for Sanchez to steal victory with his late finish.
The Pumas will play the host Michigan Bucks on Sunday. The Bucks rallied to advance to the Final with a 2-1 win over the Jersey Express.
The winning goal came from a Pumas corner kick from the left that was cleared by the Stampede defense. The ball came to Pat Kelly 35 yards from goal, and the midfielder advanced forward before taking a shot that deflected to Pumas defender Rene Dezorzi. The center back had the presence to find an open Sanchez on the right side of the penalty area, and the diminutive midfielder slotted his finish low into the right corner to send his side into massive celebration.
“I try to stay involved in the play as much as I can, that's one of the attributes I feel like I bring, and Rene just laid it off for me,” Sanchez said. “If there's one thing throughout the whole season we've found a way to win. Whether it comes down to the last minute, or if we're down one or two goals, we've found a way to win, and we build on that.”
The Pumas opened the game brightly and Rivas twice went close to scoring in the opening five minutes. The first chance came from a free kick 25 yards out that Ocala goalkeeper Lex Craggs did well to turn around the left post, and the second on a clear chance from 15 yards that slid just wide after Rivas was found unmarked as a flicked header put him in on goal.
The Stampede's first real opportunity arrived in the 10th minute as a long ball over the top found Karamba Janneh, but an excellent challenge by Kitsap All-League defender Cory Keitz denied the effort. Kietz was on hand again moments later to snuff out another promising Ocala move and then the Pumas got to work again in the attacking third, only for Sanchez's shot to go just wide of the right post.
The pace slowed after a frenetic first 15 minutes, but as the half progressed Kitsap began to build pressure again on the Stampede's defense. Tommy Catalano came close to giving his side the lead in the 39th minute as he found space on the left side of the penalty area, but his curling effort to the far post went just wide. Three minutes later, however, the Pumas had the lead as Rivas got possession in space in the right side of the penalty area and drove a low shot into the left corner of the net.
The goal appeared to have set Kitsap up with a halftime lead, but the Stampede hit back in spectacular fashion in the final minute of the half. After a foul 30 yards from goal, Ocala midfielder Lewis Hilton curled a tremendous free kick over the defensive wall and in off the left post that pulled the sides level as they went to the break.
The Pumas rebounded well after the break and had the best of possession as the game resumed. Ocala was dangerous on the counter-attack, though, and almost took the lead in the 57th minute when Hilton found space on the right side, only for Kitsap's Trevor Jensen to make a last-gasp sliding challenge to block his shot. Janneh also had an effort blocked from 10 yards out seven minutes later, and Kitsap went close when Mike Chamberlain had a fine header tipped over the crossbar by Craggs.
Ocala continued to press as the second half wore on. Substitute Kyle Breitmeyer almost broke the deadlock in the 81st minute, only for a through-ball to be swept up by Kitsap goalkeeper Matt Grosey, and the Pumas charged down another effort by the Stampede less than a minute later.
Kitsap then pushed forward in search of a late winner, only for a half-chance that dropped to Kelly to be sent over the crossbar, and Craggs' to claim a good cross intended for Chamberlain. In the dying moments before the game headed to extra time, however, Sanchez struck to give his side the chance at its second PDL Championship.
goalWA.net Local Soccer News is sponsored by Pro Roofing Northwest, Kirkland, Bellevue, Seattle, Redmond, Woodinville, Federal Way, Everett, Snohomish, Issaquah, Renton, Kent, Bothell, Edmonds Washington roofing company.
Advertisements
Bitcoin, the digital currency that has attracted drug dealers and tax evaders, is on a roll again. But after a renewed price rise that echoes its first speculative bubble three years ago, even many of the currency's backers warn that another sharp correction is likely to follow.
Bitcoin first boomed in 2013 as speculators and libertarian idealists — along with assorted lawbreakers — were drawn to the idea of a currency beyond the reach of central banks and national regulators. Tech entrepreneurs and venture capitalists also jumped on the bandwagon, betting that it would become a platform for a disruptive new financial services industry.
The currency's price later fell more than 80 per cent from its peak, after a cyber-heist from its biggest exchange and growing attention from regulators. Since then, most people in the financial world have written it off as a failed experiment in digital finance, even though the idea behind a core part of its technology — the blockchain, a distributed ledger that simplifies transaction processing — has since moved across into mainstream finance.
However, after a 31 per cent jump since the start of December, bitcoin has more than doubled this year, pushing the value of the outstanding currency to $16bn. Prices being quoted on the currency's unregulated exchanges, though still some 14 per cent below the peak, are higher than at any time besides a handful of days during the first, frenzied boom. The digital currency was at about $975 on Thursday.
The fact that bitcoin has revived despite the wave of bad publicity has fed hopes that it will eventually fulfil the ideals it once aroused, of a digital currency beyond the influence of national governments. “It's incredibly resilient,” said Adam White, head of GDAX, an exchange run by US digital currency company Coinbase.
Tim Draper, a venture capitalist who was an early backer, claimed the recovery showed bitcoin was becoming “a viable alternative when people's confidence in their own government's currency waivers”.
He added: “The world will be a freer, wealthier, and smoother operating place as we apply more and more uses to bitcoin and the blockchain.”
Critics warn that the bitcoin bounce has all the characteristics of a new speculative bubble and that its wild volatility, along with the idealistic hopes of supporters, make it more akin to an overhyped tech stock than a practical currency.
Prices are largely set in China, where more than 90 per cent of the world's trading takes place, and even backers say it is difficult to understand the dynamics behind the currency. “These really are the Wild West,” said Mark Williams, a Boston University lecturer and risk management expert who has followed bitcoin since its early days. “It's unclear what's driving [the price].”
The high volatility, and the fact that few merchants accept bitcoin, have prevented it developing into the stable currency supporters had hoped. Instead, it has developed a life as a form of virtual commodity, where it is used for speculation or as an alternative place to park spare cash.
Bitcoin is now used heavily by people seeking to move assets out of their home countries for either legal or illicit reasons, said Micky Malka of Ribbit Capital, a venture capital group that specialises in financial services start-ups. He and others pointed to the fact that many people in China have been racing to move some of their capital out of the country as one explanation for the currency's rise.
Others claim bitcoin is starting to be seen as a valid investment category in its own right . “It's correlation is zero to other asset classes,” said Mr White, potentially making it a useful instrument for investors looking for a way to hedge other investments.
That has led to a proposal in the US to create an exchange traded fund to track the currency, something that would bring a resounding stamp of respectability. The idea is being assessed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, though sceptics predict that the regulators have little reason to back it.
“The SEC will be dragging its feet for some time — consumers don't have protection,” predicted Mr Williams.
Knoji reviews products and up-and-coming brands we think you'll love. In certain cases, we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides. Learn more.
Are you one of those who drink bottled flavored water? They are quite expensive and cause you lots of bucks if you keep on buying them, right? The cheapest and most affordable drink out there is water. The main reason why people, especially kids, don't drink water is that it is tasteless and not very "fun" and "attractive" to drink. But water has lots of benefits and is healthier than soda. And instead of buying flavored water, there are many ways you can do to water at home to make it exciting and tasteful to drink.
What can we add to water to make it taste better?
1. Berries
Strawberries have distinct flavour that can be soaked up by water. Crush or cut a few of the strawberries into the water to make it tasteful and flavored.
2. Citrus
We can use orange, lime, lemon, grapefruit, or calamansi - a common small tropical citrus fruit in our country. Squeeze the juice from any of these citrus fruits and put it on ice cube trays. Use these ice cubed citrus juice in your water for flavour which then will also be infused with vitamin C.
3. Herbs
There are herbs that we can use to flavor drinking water. You can use mint, lemongrass, and parsley for adding aroma and a hint of green to your water. To add a little flavor, crush the herbs a little before adding them into your water.
4. Ginger
Ginger is a great way to add a "spice" to your water. It is also a great way to clear your throat and sinuses during a cold and a cough when added to boiling water. The flavour of ginger has not always been my cup of tea. :)
5. Cucumber
Cucumber has always been one of my favorite foods. It smells good, too. Slice the cucumber and add them to your water. The smell and flavor make your water refreshing to drink especially if chill it a bit.
6. Vinegar
Adding vinegar is like adding citrus to your water because the taste will become sour except that it has the taste of a vinegar. I recommend using apple cider vinegar because of its health benefits and it tastes better than any other vinegar.
7. Salt
Another flavor that you can add to your water is salt. Aside from ions, salt if added to water can help your body absorb the liquid more quickly because it contains electrolytes. Water with a little bit of salt is good for workouts, since the body loses salt through sweat.
These are just some of those that you can use to flavor your drinking water. You can use other kinds of fruits, too, which are commonly used in bottled flavored drinking water. Make water more exciting to drink by adding flavor to it. Good for kids who don't like drinking water because it is colorless, tasteless, and flavorless.
Flavor your water to give flavor to life!
Page 2 of 2
Peduto's administration has taken on the issue by joining Allegheny County's new "Live Well" campaign, a countywide effort to address everything from neighborhood safety to smoking cessation. Pittsburgh's agenda begins with the city's own workforce, says Betty Cruz, who manages Live Well Pittsburgh from within the mayor's office.
Again, the idea is to set an example, she says: "If everyone yells at you about what your health habits should be, it's never as good as seeing people enjoy the benefits."
And if you can stop city employees from smoking, anything is possible: Cruz says early initiatives will include encouraging workers to take the stairs rather than use city hall's elevators — and she's already begun policing stairwells for illicit smokers. City employees are gearing up for a 10,000-steps-per-day walking challenge this month, and Cruz says the city plans to negotiate with vending-machine contractors to provide healthier fare at city facilities.
Broader policies are taking shape as well, especially around bicycling. Plans include a proposed bikes-only traffic lane Downtown, and using city information systems to track bike-accident data — part of an effort to make streets safer for cyclists.
Ultimately, says Cruz, "We're looking outside physical health to financial issues, access to affordable healthy foods, neighborhood safety." The administration won't just track data like air quality or trail usage, but indicators like "community involvement" and "transformed blight." Cruz acknowledges such criteria might be tough to quantify, but "If you just talk about physical health, or being active, it can be an elitist conversation. You aren't going to go for a jog in your neighborhood if you're worried you'll get shot."
There are already numerous local health initiatives. But to date, "what's clearly missing was the bigger overarching leadership," says Allegheny County Health Director Karen Hacker, who is in charge of the county's Live Well effort. This summer, Hacker says, the county plans to launch a website allowing residents to find wellness programs within their ZIP code. She's also urging school districts to track and report student health data, while incorporating healthier menus and regular exercise into the school day. But in addition to such efforts, Hacker says, "I think things like public figures stepping up and saying, ‘I lost 30 pounds' — those are actually really important."
Peduto's goal is actually to lose 50 pounds. And instead of ordering late-night pizzas, he now has a couple healthy meals prepared in advance each week by local chef Art Inzinga. Peduto plans to join city workers in the 10,000-step challenge, and his schedule once again includes weekly amateur hockey games. ("I want to get to the point where I'm not having 60-year-old guys skate around me.")
It seems to be working: Already, he says, the campaign-season "fat-guy suits" are back in the closet.
VANCOUVER—The mayor of Vancouver has apologized to two men and a teenage boy singled out in an internal police bulletin leaked to the press for their “suspicious behaviour” at a downtown shopping mall. Gregor Robertson said it was a mistake that a document containing unblurred photos of three men described as “Middle Eastern” was made public and that an online media outlet published the pictures on Thursday.
Mohammed Kareem, Salahuddin Sharaz, 14, and dad Mohammed Sharaz are shown in this handout image in Vancouver on Saturday. The trio was visiting Vancouver from Manchester, England, for medical treatment when surveillance images of them taking photos of a mall were published by a local media outlet. ( Salim Jiwa / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“I wanted to make sure on behalf of the city they understand how much respect we have for them and that we understand mistakes were made,” Robertson said after meeting the trio for lunch on Sunday. Surveillance photos of Mohammed Sharaz, his son and his friend taking pictures and video with their cellphones of the entrances and exits of Pacific Centre mall on Tuesday raised suspicions with shopping-centre authorities, who relayed the information to the Vancouver Police Department. The three men are visiting Vancouver from the United Kingdom so Sharaz's friend and 14-year-old son can receive specialized treatment for their visual disabilities. The two men take photos and video throughout the day so they can zoom in later to see the sights more clearly.
Article Continued Below
Police quickly cleared the men after Sharaz explained the situation, but the three were afraid they might be identified on the street and attacked by vigilantes. The Vancouver Police Department is conducting an internal review to better understand how the bulletin was leaked when it was intended only for internal circulation among British Columbia police officers. In the meantime, the police have offered to drive the men around during the remainder of their stay. Robertson said what's important at this point is that visitors to Vancouver feel valued and respected. “We're a city that takes care of people,” he said. “We respect people no matter what their background, where they come from and what they believe in. That's what this city is all about.”
The mayor laid some of the blame on the media for publishing the identifying photographs. “That's not appropriate. That should not have happened” he said. “There's also journalistic integrity that comes into play here.”
Article Continued Below
Sharaz said he doesn't blame the police for the ordeal, describing their behaviour as “brilliant.” “What the police did, I'm perfectly fine with that. Even if they'd come and arrested us I would have been fine with that,” he said. “When it comes to national security there are some crazy people in the world.” Sharaz was also critical of the media and said he is considering legal action against Vancity Buzz, the news and culture website that published the unblurred photos. He commended the mayor, the police and the people of Vancouver for their response to the incident. “On Friday, we thought we were going to have a horrible weekend. But the weekend's turned out pretty good,” he said, smiling. Vancity Buzz editor-in-chief Farhan Mohamed said last week that the story was published because it was in the public interest. He later said in a statement that he welcomed the news that the men had been located and their actions deemed innocent. Mohamed tweeted at Sharaz on Saturday saying that he would love to sit down with him. The three fly back to the U.K. on Friday but will return to Vancouver in about three months. Sharaz's son Salahuddin Sharaz suffers from retinitis pigmentosa, a degenerative disease that causes severe vision impairment. He and Sharaz's friend Mohammed Kareem, 34, have been receiving treatment from Dr. Weidong Yu at the Wellspring Clinic for Holistic Medicine.
Read more about:
ST. LOUIS BLUES
at VANCOUVER CANUCKS
March 19th, 2013
Rogers Arena
Vancouver, British Columbia
9:00 p.m. CST
TV: FOX Sports Midwest
Blues Lead Season Series 1-0
The St. Louis Blues are on a roll and will look to continue their success tonight in Vancouver against the Canucks. This is the second of three meeting this season which will conclude with a game in St. Louis on April 16. The last time the Blues faced off against the Canucks they took home the two points but had to go to a shootout to do it.
ST. LOUIS BLUES
(16-10-2, 2nd in Central)
The St. Louis Blues are looking for their fourth straight win tonight as the team is surging as of late. With solid defense and an offense that seems to find the back of the net more than ever, the Blues look like they have finally found their stride in this shortened season. With Andy McDonald back in the lineup tonight, the Blues are almost completely healthy with the exception of Oshie. After an overtime win against the Ducks, the Blues look like they have the confidence to beat just about anyone.
Key players
Chris Stewart was named the NHL's number one star of the week and for good reason. Stewart is having perhaps the best stretch of his career scoring 15 points in his last nine games. The story of the Blues right now seems to be if Stewart is scoring, the Blues are winning. With 14 goals and 14 assists, Stewart is leading the Blues in goals and points and is tied for third on the team in assists. While there are talks of moving the surging Stewart it doesn't seem to have affected his play at all. Looks like Stewart could be the man to watch on the ice tonight.
Vladimir Tarasenko is back, and he is looking to pick up right where he left off. Saturday against the Ducks, Tarasenko managed to get an assist, but it won't be long before we see his name in the goal column again. With the Blues managing to win without him on the ice, Tarasenko may have the chance to sneak under the radar of opposing teams again. Early in the season Tarasenko drew a lot of attention, but when other teams don't keep their eyes on him, he takes advantage. I think tonight might be the night we see number 91 light the lamp for the first time since returning from his concussion.
VANCOUVER CANUCKS
(13-8-6, 2nd in Northwest)
The Vancouver Canucks have been a dominant force in the Western Conference for quite a while now, but in the shortened season their strengths are being questioned. Suffering from injuries and struggling on the ice, the Canucks have fallen from first in the Northwest Division to seventh in the West, two spots behind the Blues. After last night's 3-1 loss to the Minnesota Wild on home ice, the Canucks hope to turn it around against the Blues. After losing 11 of their last 16, tonight is an important game against the Blues.
Key players
The Sedin boys are at it again. Each season the ginger twins manage to impress just about everyone in the NHL and this season is no exception. In 28 games so far this season, Henrik Sedin has managed 27 points while Daniel Sedin has put up 25 points. The clear leaders of this Vancouver team, the Sedins are close to posting at a point-per-game pace. Alexandre Burrows, Alexander Edler, and Jannik Hansen are the closest players on the team in points, all tied with 16. Also take into account that Henrik Sedin is an impressive +16 this season while Daniel Sedin and Alx Burrows are both an equally impressive +10.
Bottom line
While both teams have a lot on the line tonight in Vancouver, the Canucks are the team that needs to come out on top to turn their season around. The Blues and Canucks always have intense battles and tonight should not be any different, but expect one team to walk away with two points in regular. Jake Allen will be in net again for the Blues and hopes to continue his impressive play and improve to a 9-1-0 record, but watch for the veteran lineup in Vancouver to look for any holes he shows.
Injuries
The Blues will be without winger and impact player T.J. Oshie as he recovers from an upper body injury suffered on March 12th against the San Jose Sharks. The Canucks will be without the services of Ryan Kesler (foot), David Booth (ankle), and Zach Kassian (back).
Let's hope the St. Louis Blues can bring home a win tonight. LET'S GO BLUES!
-Alex Hodschayan
Financial Distortions in China : A General Equilibrium Approach
Author/Editor:
Diego Anzoategui ; Mali Chivakul ; Wojciech Maliszewski
Publication Date:
December 24, 2015
Electronic Access:
Free Full Text. Use the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this PDF file
Disclaimer: This Working Paper should not be reported as representing the views of the IMF.The views expressed in this Working Paper are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent those of the IMF or IMF policy. Working Papers describe research in progress by the author(s) and are published to elicit comments and to further debate
Summary:
Widespread implicit guarantees and interest ceilings were major distortions in China's financial system, contributing to a misallocation of resources. We analyze the impact of removing such frictions in a general equilibrium setting. The results show that comprehensive reforms generate better outcomes than partial ones: removing the deposit rate ceiling alone increases output, but the efficiency of capital allocation does not improve. Removing implicit guarantees improves output through lower cost of capital for private companies and better resource allocation.
Gravitas Ventures and Modernciné's Jug Face (read our review), a tense horror-thriller that was written and directed by Chad Crawford Kinkle, is currently out on VOD with a theatrical release looming on August 9th.
The film marks a reunion between The Woman co-stars Sean Bridgers and Lauren Ashley Carter. To that end I recently spoke with Bridgers about the film, his character, and how it all relates to their prior collaboration.
The film was produced by Andrew van den Houten (Funeral Kings, The Woman) and Robert Tonino (Home Movie, Ghoul) for Modernciné, and also stars Sean Young (Blade Runner), Larry Fessenden (I Sell the Dead) and Daniel Manche (The Girl Next Door). The film was executive produced by Lucky McKee, Arrien Schiltkamp and Loren Semmens. Jug face won the Slamdance Grand Prize Screenwriting Award in 2011 and debuted as a Special Screening selection at this year's festival.
Check it out below!
Jug Face seems pretty intense and partners you back up with your co-star from The Woman, Lauren Ashley Carter. How did this whole thing come about?
Our producer, Andrew van den Houten, who produced The Woman as well, got the script from Chad Crawford Kinkle (who also directed). Chad submitted the script to the Slamdance festival in 2011 and it won the best screenplay. It was the first horror film to win that award at Slamdance. Chad took that [heat] and started shopping it around a bit, but no one was willing to take it because it was too dark. It's a strange, bizarre, southern gothic tale and I think a lot of people were scared of it. He found out about Andrew based on the reaction people had to The Woman and thought, “maybe this guy's crazy enough to do it.”
And what's the gist of the story?
Well, Jug Face is about a community that lives in the backwoods that is sort of a closed society and they have this belief system that has been prevalent for a long time – going back hundreds of years – where they believe that there is a spirit in this pit in the woods. And they believe the water in this pit will heal them because it healed them hundreds of years ago in a Smallpox epidemic. The catch is, they have to offer a sacrifice to the pit from time to time. Every culture has had a belief system like that from time to time. The way that they who decide who is going to be sacrificed is they have this guy, a potter. He works as the shaman/seer/medicine man of the community. And he goes into some type of trance, makes a pot and carves a face into it. A Jug Faces. He doesn't know who it is, he's not conscious of it. And when he's done, that's how he knows the pit has led him to the next sacrifice. And Ada, who Lauren plays, discovers that the Jug Face is of her and she does what most people would do, which is to hide it. And everything goes crazy.
Can you tell us a little bit about your character?
On the surface he's a bit of an imbecile. Quite harmless, and kind of sweet. I figure that the movie is a bit of an unrequited love story – my character is in love with Lauren's character. But it's never going to happen. It's very different from The Woman to be sure, where I play someone who doesn't love anything or anyone.
I see these images of people with white eyes, is that the trance?
That's the trance, yeah. Whenever the force hits from the pit, its sort of communicating through me. It's a really great, simple effect – but it really works. I'm really proud of this movie. It's a really artfully made film. Really creepy and scary, but at no point dumb or cheap. It's really well made from top to bottom.
About that scariness…
What's really horrifying about Jug Face, which is similar to what's horrifying about The Woman, is not necessarily the monster. It's what humans do. What humans do to each other based on some kind of belief system. That's what I find frightening about the world. We really are our own biggest threat at this point and I think that's pretty clear to most people. I think both of these films touch on that point, and audiences relate to that whether they're aware of it or not. It creeps them out.
Opus at Gdynia E(x)plory Week
Opus Foundation Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 23, 2017
This was another great week for Opus. Our cofounder, Mateusz Mach, made an appearance at this year's Gdynia E(x)plory Week with a lecture about what we do and how we are going to revolutionize the music streaming industry.
Gdynia E(x)plory Week is Poland's biggest event promoting science and innovation, and has been held every year since 2013. In attendance were founders of startups, students, teachers, members of the local government, and other people passionate about technology and innovation.
Our streaming platform is designed for mainstream adoption, and so attending conferences like this one is crucial in making Opus accessible to everyone. We used this conference as an opportunity to network and to tell people more about blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies, issues that not everyone is familiar with.
At Opus, we believe that it is important to spread the word about these technologies because it drives innovation and makes it easier for users to adopt them. It can be scary to use something that you do not know much about, and conferences like Gdynia E(x)plory Week are a great chance to learn more about these things.
We will continue appearing at conferences, both specializing in blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies, like we did at the Music Export Conference, and more general ones, such as Gdynia E(x)plory Week. This is a step towards widespread adoption of these technologies and mainstream use of the Opus platform.
We are excited to attend more conferences and hope that we can see you at the next one!
Wayland and Weston 1.1 just around the corner
Hi all, I've tagged 1.0.90 in the wayland and weston repos. I've been holding back on merging some bigger or intrusive changes recently and the reason is that I'd like to get 1.1 out soon. I don't know if I mention this on the list yet, but I'd like to do quarterly releases of wayland and weston for now. I was hoping to get 1.1 done end of March., but it was important to get Jonas timestamp fix in first. The other blocker that I pushed a fir for today was the ability to run the test suite as root. The patch to enforce weston-launch on KMS (32069c09ea) breaks the test suite on KMS which still just runs weston. So for now we'll allow running weston with the KMS backend without weston-launch if you're root. Weston and wayland master branches are both in good shape and with the 1.0.90 tagged today, I expect we can release 1.1 at the end of the week. Last time I talked about the next major release I called it 1.2: http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/wayland-devel/2012-December/006767.html but I realized that the jump from 1.0 to 1.2 was confusing a lot of people. Using 1.0.90 as the configure.ac version during development on git master works just as well as 1.1.0, and lets us call the next release 1.1.0. Reading that email, it's also interesting to revisit the features I were hoping we could get into 1.1: • Jans IM + OSK work. This has been moving along very nicely, but I don't feel we're ready to include it as core wayland protocol in 1.1. We're still working on the ibus integration and with GNOME moving to wayland, we now have a chance to evaluate the solution in a complete desktop environment before we set anything in stone. • XWM split out as a client. The core feature in this work was about avoiding the deadlock between X and the X WM in weston. We fixed this by making the authentication step asynchrohous instead. • Remote rendering functionality. I cleaned up the branch but it's still only at the proof of concept state. It has most of the pieces in place, but there are still many crashers left. I've been tempted to just merge it since it doesn't affect the rest of the code much (like hardenings RDP backend which I recently merged), but it still seems a little too rough. The most recent branch is here, for what it's worth: http://cgit.freedesktop.org/~krh/weston/log/?h=remote • Subsurface / surface group. We're almost there with subsurfaces, but Pekka got sidetracked by another task at Collabora so we'll have to move this to the 1.2 release as well. I took a look at git history since 1.0 to try to sum up what we did since then. A big part of 1.1 development was optimizations, bug fixes and documentation work, but we did end up with a few new features too: • Raspberry Pi backend (Pekka) • Optimize damage handling when moving surfaces in and out of planes (Ander) • Scanout of transformed buffers (Ander) • Touch screen calibration feature and client (Rob Bradford) • pixman renderer (Vasily Khoruzhick) • SDK for out-of-tree module development • Use EXT_buffer_age in KMS backend (Ander) • fbdev backend (Philip Whitnall) • RDP backend (Hardening) • Headless backend (Ander) If I forgot something, let me know. Kristian
Blake is the content manager for DailyMTG.com, making him the one you should email if you have thoughts on the website, good or less good (or not good). He's a longtime coverage reporter and hasn't turned down a game of Magic in any format ever.
We're pretty close to January, at least so far as DailyMTG will have new content (we're going into "Best of" mode December 19–January 1), so it's time to announce the promos that Friday Night Magic players can look forward to over the next three months. They are shiny, and soon they can all be yours.
January
Noose Constrictor plays a loose role in Standard right now, serving as a discard outlet for a number of powerful graveyard-centric strategies. This Wild Mongrel update has been used in several powerful tournament decks to block fliers, put cards in the graveyard, and just generally serve as a menacing Snake.
Noose Constrictor Promo | Art by Kev Walker
February
In February, attend an FNM and then pick a hand, any hand—no, not that hand. The other one. In it you'll find this promo version of Fortune's Favor by Grzegorz Rutkowski, whose art is as fantastic as his name is difficult to spell.
Fortune's Favor Promo | Art by Grzegorz Rutkowski
March
Things start to warm up in March, in more ways than one, as long as you're in the Northern Hemisphere. But no matter which hemisphere you reside in, you can warm up for FNM with Incendiary Flow, the March Friday Night Magic promo featuring art from Slawomir Maniak and the best kind of flavor text—sassy Chandra flavor text.
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
'Consumer Reports' ranked Tesla 25 out of 29 brands on its annual automotive reliability survey
Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about
Why 'Consumer Reports' rips Tesla for lousy reliability
h Play Video h Play f Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded : 0% Progress : 0% Stream Type LIVE Remaining Time -0:00 Playback Rate 1  Chapters Chapters descriptions off , selected Descriptions  subtitles off , selected Subtitles  captions settings , opens captions settings dialog
captions settings caption off , selected Captions d Fullscreen This is a modal window. Foreground --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Opaque Background --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done Skip Ad u Ad Loading... x Embed x Share b
k
a
c The company ranked near the bottom in Consumer Reports' new reliability survey. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
The upward opening, rear seat doors on the Tesla Model X have hurt its reliability ratings (Photo: James Lipman)
When it comes to Tesla Motor's poor performance on Consumer Reports annual automotive reliability survey, look no further for blame than a pair of high-tech upward-opening doors.
Those rear-seat doors on Tesla's Model X crossovers are causing their share of quality problems, one reason the electric carmaker ranked 25th out of 29 brands on the influential magazine's list.
This was the first year Consumer Reports ranked Tesla as a brand because it was the first time the automaker had more than one model on the market long enough for survey results.
With just two models, Tesla's rankings likely suffer because Model X is still relatively new and automakers tend to struggle more with the reliability of newer models.
Still, the design of the Model X signature "falcon wing" doors presents problems, said Jake Fisher , Consumer Reports' director of automotive testing.
"The Model X has a long way to go. It's the sixth-least reliable vehicle in our survey, and there are some monumental challenges with that vehicle," Fisher said Monday in Detroit at an event hosted by the Automotive Press Association. "It's unclear whether they will get the falcon wing doors right ever."
The falcon wing doors, used to access the SUV's back seats, open vertically as the doors pull upward instead of out. The doors have plagued the automaker since the vehicle was launched with customers complaining about rainwater flowing into the vehicle or the doors malfunctioning. Tesla provided a software update earlier this year in an attempt to fix the problem.
Reached for comment, Tesla said it's working on fixing the Model X door issue.
"We are committed to making the world's most reliable cars," the company said in a statement. "The amount of issues we've addressed with Model X has fallen by 92% in the last 12 months, a reflection of our ability to make continuous improvements and react quickly. This commitment is one of the reasons why Tesla won AutoPacific's highest vehicle satisfaction award in 2016.”
The bright spot for Tesla is the Model S. Consumer Reports said Monday that the quality of the Model S is now ranked as average rather than below average.
Skip Ad u Ad Loading... x Embed x Share b
k
a
c Buick has become the first auto brand from Detroit's Big 3 automakers to place in the top three in Consumer Reports' annual ranking USA TODAY_Wibbitz
5321 CONNECT TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENT EMAIL MORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fbeYDp
You call them Cookies (US name) or you call them biscuits (UK name), we just love them. One of the most famous and loved sweet savoury snack food, across the world. Any occasion or gathering, it does not hurt to have few yummy freshly baked cookies! There is an interesting trivia here about origins of the good old Cookies... The name cookie derives from the Dutch word 'Koejke', which means 'small or little cake'. The story goes that bakers used to test their dough mix for taste and texture by baking a small amount of the cake batter and Voila, Cookies have been introduced to the world! Though, these little round goodies are baked round the year, they have special significance in the winter holiday season. Mothers and grannies b...
Nutrition Info Per Serving
Last year a letter from the editors in Ergonomics in Design sparked my interest. Unfortunately I didn't get around to commenting on it then due to a slight significant imbalance in my work and life. Today I have more work, and (with the arrival of our new daughter) quite a bit more life, but I also have more balance, so there you are.
In the letter I'm thinking of (yes I'll have to look up the article online later) the editor described a recent study confirming the effectiveness of stories in training. Simply put, a story format was better than a traditional white paper at communicating key findings, and aiding recall and retention.
I have been a long believer and proponent of the value of story telling in the larger sense. I believe stories and characters matter, and that pop-culture matters more than the revered classics. I've become convinced that persona and plots are the building blocks for how humans interact with their world. They are like programs, installed into our mind and ready for recall. It's generally recognized that play is practice for reality, and play is essentially first person storytelling, often communal.
All of this is well and good, but perhaps not such a very new insight (or speculation). However reading the article helped spark a new idea for how to express the role and purpose of Ergonomics, Interaction and Experience Design.
For the first half of 2006 I had been evangelizing the smile principle: “We bring the smile to the user”. This is catchy and simple, it works for consumer product design, and is good marketing for our profession. But it hardly covers the full scope of our value in all those cases where the customer is already angry (a good experience matters more when you're calling support) or engaged in life or death tasks (ergonomics are most critical for emergency response workers, or doctors). It's also very abstract. How does one really make people smile? Clown faces? Unobtrusive impeccable service?
Beginning in November 2006 I started using customer service as a metaphor. Just as you want good service – polite, attentive, responsive, knowledgeable, helpful – from sales people when you walk into a store, customers expect the same thing when they use a machines and services delivered through those machines. If they don't get it, they will go to a machine with better customer service. This metaphor is a little more complex, but for folks who know retail and service industries, and marketing folks this approach seems to bring an immediate “Aha!” They understand the end goals and measures. They understand the reasons behind the effort. The strategies and techniques to achieve those goals are novel, but that is to be expected. Sadly this metaphor comes off as pretty opaque the further you are from such industries.
So what about stories? They should provide a perspective that is accessible to everyone no matter their background, because the framework of stories is universal.
Story theory says that stories are the description of conflict between the intentions of the hero, and some other force which thwarts his will. This is true even if your story is light and easy (I get up and want some soda. I walk to the vending machine, but I have no change. I buy a pack of gum to get change, but now the machine tells me it's out of my favorite brand. I walk across the street and buy it from the mini-mart) or if your story is hard and epic (We need to destroy the ring that will enable the evil overlord to take over the planet. 12 heroes to march to a volcano to throw the ring in and melt is down. Most of them get separated along the way. Two make it, but can't go in the front gate, so they trust an unscrupulous creature to lead them by a back door. They go through the back door, get betrayed, but through the unexpected resourcefulness of the least heroic, complete their mission and save the world). Try but, fail. Try something else, succeed.
Our lives are full of conflict, even those of us lucky to live in the privileged security of the first world's middle class. As humans we have to navigate a continual stream of thwarted intentions, from demanding relatives, unreasonable bosses, the jerk who cut you off on the freeway, even to the Starbucks employee who gave you the wrong change. We are the heroes of our own stories. Every day is a story where the hero attempts to do something, is thwarted, tries an alternative until they succeed.
To understand what this has to do with design, consider the question, “What roles do your product or service play in the story of the people who encounter it?”
You might be tempted to consider your creation the hero, but that would be a mistake. Consider everyone's favorite great product, the iPhone. When the commercial shows an email suggesting dinner, leading into a Google search for Indian restaurants, followed by a Phone call to confirm reservations, it's easy to think of this little gadget as a superhero swooping into to save the evening from reheated take out. However superheros of the caped and masked kind don't really have very good stories. They tend not to overcome conflict so much as conveniently sidestep reality. The real story is implicit the reason why you were about to have dinner alone. Working late? Fight with the girlfriend? New in town? The audience of the commercial can empathize with all those scenarios and more, because those are the conflicts they encounter in their daily stories. The promise of the iPhone is great because we mere mortals are not Clark Kent, able to see empty restaurants with x-ray vision and fly over traffic jams. To succeed in these stories we need a helping hand, and the iPhone promises to provide that – not unlike Cinderella's fairy Godmother.
Which brings us back to the question. What role does your creation play?
Will it be yet another obstacle that thwart's it's user's intentions? Beware the vending machine that eats quarters! Fear the dread dialog box of ambiguous choices! Shudder at the thought of the phone tree that cuts you off after waiting for thirty minutes! There are oh-so-many products and services that are little more that cheap villains.
Or will your product be the helping hand, the essential tool, the fairy Godmother that saves the day? Of course, like Cinderella's carriage, designs often have a bit of both. It gets you to the Prince's ball, but not past midnight. It shows you restaurants, but only if you have cell coverage. But while nothing is perfect, the trick is continual refinement in the effort to remove all possible villains and booby traps, and to provide the world with a cornucopia of seven league boots, invisibility cloaks, and cups that never run dry.
This is our vocation.
We come from a noble lineage. From Vulcan's mighty forge to the shoemaker's hovel, we've crafted the tools that turned the tide. From outskirts of Mos Eisley to the ramparts of a Danish castle we've appeared to reveal the truth. Our job is ever so much more than to make people smile, or to provide good service.
Simply put, we make heroes.
Answers in Genesis — the group that runs the Creation Museum — isn't on board with the other conservative Christian groups in supporting Sarah Palin as John McCain‘s Vice Presidential nominee.
Why not?
To quote Happy Jihad, AiG is “undecided about whether or not Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin is scientifically illiterate enough to run America.”
In other words, while she may not accept evolution, they don't know if she's a Young Earth Creationist.
And that's just unacceptable to them.
In 2006, then-candidate Palin indicated in a TV debate that creation should be taught alongside evolution in the state's public schools, declaring that schools should “teach both. You know, don't be afraid of information. Healthy debate is so important, and it's so valuable in our schools. I am a proponent of teaching both.”3 Now, in stating this, she may have been advocating the teaching of scientific creationism, as opposed to biblical creationism4 (the latter having been deemed unconstitutional by the U.S. Supreme Court in 19875), but we don't really know.
I'm not sure whether to laugh or cry.
(via Happy Jihad's House of Pancakes)
Tyrone and Rog are arguing about anime again.
"Tyrone, stop right here you Loli-loving autist, and bow to your senpai," interjects a smirking Rog backed by music from Neon Genesis Evangelion. "My waifu Space Dandy is at least three times as pure as any of your un-kawaii pig dogs. Pardon my lewdness, but I wouldn't even hold hands with your waifu."
Tyrone, back behind his trademark office desk, offers a retort. "If you'd simply open up your mind to moe, your heart will go doki-doki every time!"
"Silence, moe is the cancer killing the industry," responds a defiant Rog. "Space Dandy is truly the Evangelion of this generation."
Tyrone is a Cameroonian immigrant living in the UK, and Rog lives in Australia. They are both middle-aged fathers and have absolutely no idea what they just said.
The authoritative voice of anime's daily controversies Rog's real name is Roger Stockburger. He started working in sales and marketing in his 20s and found he had a passion for motivational speaking. He eventually got sick of pitching people overpriced stuff, and moved into more concrete sales, specifically printers and PCs for businesses. When the internet went mainstream in the '90s, Stockburger set up shop there, and it's been his focus ever since. These days he trades stocks, CFDs, and of course, maintains his account on Fiverr, the online task marketplace. One day in 2013, he logged into that account and found he had received an offer to make what would be this video.
About a year ago, an enterprising member of 4chan's anime board discovered that for a few dollars on Fiverr, you could hire a semi-professional spokesperson to record a YouTube video for you. The service is designed for more corporate-minded gigs, but there weren't any restrictions stopping people from submitting a script about anything. Seriously, anything. The anonymous 4chan agent thought it would be funny to hire some uninformed, suit-and-tie wearing dad to endorse Kill La Kill in front of a green screen. Kill La Kill is a fairly pervy series that ... well just watch the opening credits. Rog was also instructed to declare that while Ryuko was objectively "best girl," Mako-chan was his waifu because she's the most kawaii. That is the sort of terminology you'd only understand if you've spent a ton of time pilfering through anime forums, but for reference, let's just say that Hermione Granger was your waifu because she is the most kawaii. They were right, it was pretty funny. Rog approached the script with an undeniable geniality, even as he stumbled through tough Japanese pronunciations. His treatise spread like wildfire through the 4chan anime board, and before long he had become one of the most requested vendors on Fiverr; the authoritative voice of the anime community's daily controversies. "You should've seen the look on my family's face when I showed them my Fiverr and how many orders they were generating," says Stockburger. "It did pique my interest about anime, that whole "my waifu is better than yours" thing. I have two teenage daughters, so it was good to get a deeper insight into what so many of today's kids are into."
But Rog needed a nemesis, and the 4chan hivemind found one in Tyrone. He was another Fiverr user cast as Rog's mortal enemy — the offhand, happy-go-lucky otaku without any skin in the game. If you're familiar with the community, you know this division between hardcore and casual anime fans is key to a lot of the shit-talking you'll find online. That same debate was now being filtered through two men who could not be further removed from the source. Rog and Tyrone were being used as vessels for a meta-argument that served as both a parody of and commentary on a community they weren't actually a part of. The 4chan lizard brains would pay both Rog and Tyrone to make videos responding to each other's quarrels, which were then edited together and posted on YouTube as a full, roundabout narrative. It's among the most arcane internet phenomena to have ever evolved, but as it turns out, co-opting a corporate meeting room for a nasty argument about Shin Megami Tensei games is magical. Internet celebrity doesn't always make sense These videos quickly became one of the most defining fixtures on the 4chan anime board, and eventually metastasized throughout the other 4chan boards and into other meme-factories like Reddit and Tumblr. Pretty soon Rog and Tyrone found themselves as the mouthpieces for, well, anything really. Remember the Team Rocket mantra from Pokémon? Internet celebrity doesn't always make sense. Fiverr is about the last place on the internet you'd expect to become a hub for otaku discourse. But sometimes things are simpler than they seem. Sometimes if it seems like it'd be funny to blindside two men into taking hardline stances on Japanese cartoons, then you absolutely should blindside two men into taking hardline stances on Japanese cartoons.
In real life, the anonymous man dubbed Tyrone is named Gordon Hurd. He had been working as a journalist and TV presenter in his native Cameroon, before immigrating to the UK after ongoing political harassment encouraged him to move somewhere he would "feel more free." He briefly reported for a news station in Lincolnshire before settling into a number of online businesses, all while running his own Christian ministry, where he's published self-help books and offers life-coaching. "I was gobsmacked at first. The format was a bit different from what I was used to," says a cheery-sounding Hurd, reflecting on the initial video requests. "I was surprised to see people insulting each other. I was like, ‘Man, why are these guys so rude?' I was really uptight and really worried. But once I started to get a ton of requests, I realized there was something I was probably missing." "man, why are these guys so rude?" Rog doesn't get as many requests as he used to, but Tyrone has long transcended his otaku roots. He still gets commissioned for the occasional anime video, but you can also catch him wearing two fedoras in his very own "montage parody," essentially a send-up of the twitchy, Mountain Dew-addled culture surrounding games like League of Legends and Call of Duty. "Did anyone see that no-scope? I rekt that noob. Damn these MLG tryhards are pissing me off." Hurd still has dubious context for what he's saying, but he seems to be loving every minute of it. "It's fantastic," says Hurd. "Look at the scripts that they write. This is pure genius, these boys are geniuses. When you look at the stuff that they send me to read, sometimes they've written it in five minutes, and it's still so good."
(Natalin's Studio)
These days "Tyrone" has become his own personal brand. Hurd does most of his business on his own website, which offers higher rates than his old Fiverr account (he says it helps filter out the trolls.) The BigManTyrone YouTube channel is frequently updated, and he has been invited to places as far-flung as Bucharest to host anime festivals. No matter what happens from here, he's happy to be along for the ride. "This isn't a part of my life that's written in ink, but it's a significant part of my life." "Before YouTube there was a Tyrone, and after YouTube Tyrone will live on," says Hurd. "These things are all transient. This isn't a part of my life that's written in ink, but it's a significant part of my life. There are some videos that I've done now where I've encouraged students to do well in their exams, I've done birthday videos. This is something that might pass by, but it does carry vestiges that will live forever."
March Madness!
Steven Grove Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 19, 2017
Howdy! Time for March Madness for the NCAA tournament! But, you are here for some Darcrus news, aren't you. As you all know, I've been working hard at building a product to bring Jupiter to the business sector. There is a lot to pack in, so let's begin!
I've started putting the repositories in the Sigwo Technologies' Github. I am hopeful Jupiter v1.0 will be released later this week as an open source base application. I'll be moving the dAppsheet repository (open sourced template) as well to its new home. As I've stated in Slack, there is no public value in Jupiter tokens. The tokens are strictly used to power the subscriber transactions to be added to the Jupiter Nodal System. Sigwo Technologies and the subscribed organizations and businesses will run the Jupiter Nodes.
I've put my money where my mouth is….Sigwo Technologies has our first subscriber, EC Cybersecurity (ECCS)! ECCS has seen the value of Jupiter's Titan software to enable storage of their log and compliance data. I am in final talks with Jayme to hammer out the annual contract pricing for engineering, installation, and support. In talks, ECCS has also expressed their interest in becoming a partnered reseller of Jupiter technology to their customers and subcontracting Sigwo Technologies for subject matter expertise, installation, training, and maintenance of the software. This is a huge step for Sigwo Technologies, Darcrus, and Jupiter's blockchain technology.
I am finalizing the pricing model for software, services, and support with input from ECCS and other online sources. The pricing information will be available to the public on Sigwo Technologies' website after the new site is completed. For now, I'm discussing pricing with the businesses that are interested via email and in person. Pricing is competitive with other PCI-compliant centralized storage products. Apologies for the new site not being completed, as I have been focused on Jupiter's Titan application.
As some of you know, I distributed Mercury tokens on the Waves platform earlier this week. I could not give any notice, as I airdropped Mercury to any Waves address that had at least 1 Wave. Mercury will be a Waves-powered provenance token, cross-chain time-stamping from Jupiter to Waves. The reason I feel this is a necessity is for public blockchain provenance because Jupiter is a 100% permissioned ledger by nature. Sigwo Technologies packages Jupiter tokens for the businesses that purchase Titan, Storm, or any other offering I have built on Jupiter. Sigwo Technologies will have automatic stamping of Jupiter blockhashes every 10 Waves blocks, projected to start April 1st, 2017 as Waves now accepts tokens for transaction fees for configured nodes.
So why did I airdrop? I want for the cross-pollination to be worth something, the tokens needed to be freely distributed and publicly traded. I will reach to Tidex, Cryptopia, and other Waves token friendly exchanges to ensure they can be bought and sold. These markets will drive the worth of cross-pollination and show the way for other platforms to achieve multifaceted provenance. Waves got airdropped because, well, they already had Waves. Also, the addresses that are 10,000 or more can be Waves nodes. These nodes are essential for Mercury to be added to the Waves blockchain. I will be reaching out to Waves node operators to ensure Mercury is added to their accepted fee configuration.
Darcrus holders WILL GET MERCURY AS WELL! I snapshot the Darcrus distribution today. There are currently 193 accounts that hold Darcrus. Of those, I will snapshot the Darcrus distribution again on March 26th at 1200 UTC! I will send all of these* (see below) accounts that hold at least 1 Darcrus token a message with instructions on claiming their Waves Mercury tokens.
(*Clarification for above: The accounts that have > 1 Darcrus when I snapshot March 26th at 1200 UTC are eligible. You have until March 26th 1159 UTC to have Darcrus in your Nxt wallet.)
You must have Darcrus in your wallet, NOT BITTREX! You will NOT get the message if you do not have your Darcrus in your own wallet! The Bittrex address is exempted from receiving this distribution. There will not be a default amount for each account as I distributed for Waves. It is impossible to do without people gaming the system. Those that do not respond to the message will forfeit their airdrop on April 30th, 2017.
Venus is another Waves-powered project that will begin fall/winter 2017.
Sigwo Technologies has its own Waves mining node to ensure Mercury will be forged and inserted into the Waves blockchain. I believe this is the first such technology to cross-pollinate blockchain information for provenance.
To recap:
1. Sigwo Technologies has our first paying customer!
2. ECCS wants to resell Jupiter's Titan software in their offerings!
3. Mercury airdropped for future cross-pollination of Jupiter and Waves blockchains!
4. Hints of Venus project for future Fall/Winter 2017!
5. Steven is still alive!
I've also added a #darcrus_qa channel in Slack for anyone to leave me questions. I plan on doing a Google Hangout on March 31, 2017 to give answers and field additional questions. I appreciate you all for your support.
Darcrus: Enterprise, Everywhere.
-Steven
We asked if we could see the tunnels. A staff member said, off the record, “I heard they were closed up sometime in 1989.” Hugh Hefner married Playmate Kimberley Conrad in 1989. We went back to the general manager, and he said he couldn't discuss it further.
We then asked The Mansion staff for more info about the celebrity tunnels, and we were told Mr. Hefner did not wish to comment. We reached out to reps for Nicholson, Caan, Douglas and Beatty, and they have not agreed to comment.
This is all the info we've been able to dig up. So we're asking for help. If you were at The Playboy Mansion in the 1970s or 1980s, and you (or your dad or someone you know) saw or used one of these celebrity tunnels, please email us at editors@playboy.com.
The hosts of MSNBC's "Morning Joe" mocked President Trump on Tuesday over a video of him helping load disaster relief supplies in Houston for Hurricane Harvey victims.
Co-host Mika Brzezinski said "You actually have to care about people to make it work," while co-host Joe Scarborough repeatedly made "duh" sounds while video played of the president handing a box to a truck driver.
"You see the president is getting involved in relief efforts and it's heartening to me," Scarborough said. "You can tell that he's done this. I don't know if he did it with Americare, I don't know if he's a Red Cross guy, but here he is helping out.
“What about the family when they came down?" asked Brzezinski of the Trump family. "That was so nice, the boys and Ivanka and Jared.”
“That's obviously a photo-op for the President, who did a nice job going down there twice," Scarborough continued. "Let's give him credit for going down there. But he was asked to put — I think we have a video somewhere — put the bucket in the back of a pickup. ‘Mr. President, put this in the pickup.'”
"Morning Joe" played a clip of the president handing a box to a driver sitting inside a pickup truck. Trump eventually puts the box in the back of the pickup.
"You actually have to care about people to make it work," said Brzezinski.
“You have to just take it [the box] because if the President is putting it in the wrong place, you know, ‘Here's your bag of cement,' and you're like, ‘Well, you have a whole, like, back there —'"
ADVERTISEMENT
“The flatbed part, you mean. That's where you're supposed to put it," injected panelist John Heilemann as Scarborough made "duh" sounds in the background.
“That's why they call it a truck," panelist Richard Haas added.
“There you go. ‘Okay, I'll put that on the gear shift.' I'll bet they're not breaking this down on ‘Fox and Friends,'" Scarborough concluded, taking a shot at Trump's preferred cable morning show.
Trump and the "Morning Joe" hosts have attacked each other personally on numerous occasions since Trump stopped appearing on the MSNBC morning show in May 2016.
Scarborough said the president looked like "a kid who pooped in his pants" earlier this summer, while Brzezinski has repeatedly questioned the president's mental health.
Trump has called Scarborough as "Psycho Joe" and Brzezinski as "low I.Q. Mika," while claiming that she was "bleeding badly" from a facelift on a visit to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.
Former Triple J presenter Angela Catterns has retracted the claim she made on Monday
Catterns, sounding contrite but defiant, opened her 2UE afternoon show on Wednesday by saying she "may have spoken too soon, that hasn't happened yet ... that's not my call" about the alleged disqualification of Swift because a "fast food chain" has been endorsing the American pop star for the countdown.
Angela Catterns believes it's a "corruption" of Triple J's poll if Taylor Swift features. Credit:Simon Alekna
KFC posted a Facebook entry last Thursday with a photo of Swift (holding a gift voucher) emblazoned with the hashtag #tay4hottest100. That hashtag was used to group together comments about the campaign to encourage people to vote for Swift in the Triple J poll, even though the station had not played her music in 2014. Catterns said on ABC TV's The Drum that the commercial deal had ruled Swift out of appearing in the countdown no matter how many votes she received.
Catterns' about-face came after she realised she'd assumed that - incorrectly. Triple J managment has stoically refused to confirm or deny whether votes for Swift – most likely for her worldwide chart-topping hits Shake It Off and Blank Space – will be counted. So we do not know if she will feature, and speculation is mounting that we may not know until the Australia Day countdown is over.
342 SHARES Facebook Twitter Sign up and we notify you about new features and Add-Ons
A 20-year-old man is serving his jail term that he received for assaulting a 50-year-old burglar, YTN reported Friday.
Choi received an 18-month prison sentence in a trial on charges of making the thief brain dead by hitting him with a drying rack.
The thief, identified as Kim, broke into Choi's house in Wonju, Gangwaon Province in March. Choi came home at around 3 a.m. after a drink with friends and found the thief rifling through drawers. Choi called the police and fought off the intruder.
He claimed self-defense in assaulting the 50-year-old man with the “light, aluminum” drying rack, but the court ruled against him.
The court found the drying rack was a “dangerous material” to use to defend himself against the thief who was unarmed and trying to run away.
His second trial is reportedly to be held next month.
Comments from Naver
useo****: What is it then if not self-defense? What's wrong with them? Is it the thief who should get punished? What the…Sigh이게 정당방위가 아니고 뭐야 도둑질을 했다는 걸 문제삼아야지 뭐하는거야 이게 어휴
podos1234: It is okay to kill criminals. Excessive assault? The families of the criminal should rather thank him for making him brain dead, instead of terminating him.범죄자는 죽여도된다 무슨 과잉폭행 정당방위여야지 범죄자를 죽이지도 않고 뇌사 만들었는데 범죄자 가족이 감사하다고 해도 모자를 상황인데
dlwk****: How the hell they become judges? What a waste of taxpayers' money!대체 어떤 기준을 삼아 판사를 뽑는건가...세금이 아깝다
eheh****: The judge seems to believe you should fight off a thief with your bare hands. The thief may stab you, steal your money, kill your families and rape your female family members, but you should fight off with your bare hands first? Oh, is it common sense that you should fight with your bare bands first and wail until the burglar pulls out a weapon? If not, a jail term, right?도둑정도는 맨손으로만 제압해야된다고 생각하는 듯 그러다 칼침 좀 맞을수도 있고 재산도 좀 털리고 가족생명과 여성가족원이 당할수도 있지만 일단 맨주먹 으로 상대가 연장꺼낼때까지 기다려주는 센스? 안기다리면 감옥?
sml0****: What a wonderful Korea! If a burglar breaks into your house, you should treat him with a glass of water and engage in conversation with him until the police arrive.역시 우리나라!!! 이젠 도둑들면 경찰들 올 때까지 물이라도 한잔 주면서 대화로 풀어야되겠네.
wlsd****:Release him, you morone, judge. You really irritate me.풀어줘라 개판사야 짜증확나네
wins****: It was self-defense. What the hell the judge is for?정낭방위 맞네.판사는 뭐 하는 사람인가......
moon****: The judge deserves to win the Nobel Peace Prize.이 판사 노벨평화상 감
oks1****: Okay~~~ I am also off to steal something. Go, Go ~~~~ What the hell!오케이~~~나도 도둑질하러 고고~~~~~내 참..
ahn1****: Judge, what would you have done if you were him?판사양반 당신이라면 어떻게 했겠소?
buem****: The judge must be brain dead. 검사와 판사가 뇌사상태 아냐?
hana****: Thieves, you should break into the houses of prosecutors and judges.판검사변호사 집 터세요~ 도둑님들!!!
who6****: Yeah, it will be totally safe.판사집 털러 가면 안전빵이네!
BALTIMORE—The World Cup record book reads Germany 5, United Arab Emirates 1, but Jurgen Klinsmann—then Die Mannschaft's star striker, now the U.S. national team coach—recalls that 1990 rout with a bit of regret.
“I didn't take it so seriously. I scored only one goal in that World Cup game. I should have scored five. By the time after two games into the World Cup, I would have been already the top scorer of the tournament. But I didn't do it,” he said at M&T Bank Stadium after watching his heavily favored team dismantle Cuba, 6–0, in the CONCACAF Gold Cup quarterfinals.
“That's what I told them,” he continued. “Take it seriously. Make sure you're kind of not wasting anything here, and I think throughout the 90 minutes, the whole team was focused … they deserve a real compliment.”
• MORE GOLD CUP: Full results, schedule | Analyzing USMNT's roster
After an uneven group stage, during which the Americans labored to wins over Honduras and Haiti and a draw against 2013 Gold Cup runner-up Panama, the U.S. needed to negotiate three do-or-die games in nine days. It was time to hit the gas pedal. It was time for a complete performance. And the prospects for putting one together improved when the results of this unpredictable, often counterintuitive Gold Cup handed the U.S. a quarterfinal matchup with Cuba. It was a 1-2-0 team that qualified for the last eight despite a minus-7 goal differential, the late arrival of several players and its coach because of visa issues and five subsequent defections.
Klinsmann called the obstacles “unthinkable.”
Yet Cuba survived the group stage and surely was growing in confidence following Wednesday's win over Guatemala. The last thing the U.S. wanted was to provide the visitors with a glimmer of hope. It was broiling in Baltimore, and for the sake of the Americans' knockout-stage momentum, putting away Los Leones early and easing into the semifinals was the goal. Take Cuba seriously. Be ruthless.
“That was something that we were talking about during our pregame meal,” said U.S. defender Omar Gonzalez, who scored his first international goal on Saturday. “You know we can make this game really difficult on ourselves if we don't come out here the right way. So everyone was ready. Everyone was accountable.”
Said Klinsmann, after lamenting his wasteful World Cup performance 25 years ago in Milan, “We didn't want to kind of fool around and kind of show off or anything like that. I made it very clear to somebody on the field that takes it lightly that I'm going to take him off after 10 minutes. So you have to be on your toes in these types of games and you can't kind of have the wrong body language or be a little bit arrogant. There's no reason for that at all. [Cuba] deserved to be in the quarterfinal.”
So, after three slow starts in the group stage, the Americans indeed were on their toes before 37,994 fans in Baltimore. Clint Dempsey scored his fourth goal of the tournament in only the fourth minute, rising to head home a cross from right back Timmy Chandler. The U.S. doubled its lead in the 15th when Gyasi Zardes, the squad's breakout player at this tournament, finished off a feed from Fabian Johnson. In the 32nd, Aron Jóhannsson got on the scoresheet with a gorgeous goal. Michael Bradley hit a high pass from deep inside his own half that Jóhannsson collected before chipping Cuba goalkeeper Diosvelis Guerra from the edge of the penalty area. The U.S. refused to coast toward halftime, and it was 4–0 before intermission. This time it was Gonzalez's turn. Jóhannsson smartly headed Bradley's long corner kick back in front of the Cuba net, where Gonzalez was able to slide his shot through the Cuban defense.
His celebration was muted. Gonzalez pointed at Jóhannsson, gave him a hug and headed back toward the center circle.
“I was really tired! Hopefully I can get another goal and I can celebrate even crazier,” Gonzalez joked after the game.
Domination doesn't necessarily come easy, even against an overmatched opponent. It requires focus and energy. If the Americans were too tired to celebrate, then they expended their energy in the right place.
“The biggest thing we wanted to do was up the tempo. We wanted to get an early goal, get the fans involved, so a lot of things we looked to do before the game we were able to do,” said midfielder Kyle Beckerman, who started and played the first half.
“These are always dangerous games, no matter what. If you approach them lightly, they tend to bite you,” defender Brad Evans said. “The guys had a great attitude moving forward and I thought hat the guys turned it on from minute one and you could tell from warmups that they were eager to score. … If you score early enough, it puts a lot of pressure on the other team and after a certain amount of time, they start to collapse.”
Matthew Ashton/AMA/Getty Images
​Both teams slowed in the second half—the temperature on the field surpassed 90 degrees—but the U.S. commitment to attack remained. In the 64th, Dempsey tallied his second of the game on a penalty kick. He then completed his first international hat trick in the 78th, turning acrobatically on an unselfish pass from Bradley.
For Klinsmann, Dempsey personifies the killer instinct required to put games like Saturday's out of reach.
“What we like and really enjoyed the last couple of weeks is his energy. His energy also to come back, to help out, to constantly stay in the game,” the manager said. “He's not switching off at all. He's hungry. He's hungry for goals, first of all. And that helps us. He has two more meals ahead of him.”
Said Dempsey, “We just started better. I think we put the game to bed earlier. When you start well and you get goals, you play with more confidence and the game has to open up and the other games [in the group stage], it wasn't the case. And we knew [Cuba was] a team that grows in confidence as the game goes on.”
It would be a mistake to read too much more into the result. Cuba was a spent force, unable to keep up technically or athletically. It was nowhere close the U.S. in terms of talent or experience. Any assessment of the Americans' performance must be made with those discrepancies in mind. But as Gonzalez said, it could have been harder than it was, and that was a testament to the hosts' professional approach. Klinsmann didn't have to pull anyone off after 10 minutes.
• USA'S GOALS: Dempsey hat trick | Zardes | Jóhannsson | Gonzalez
Next up is Jamaica, which advanced to Wednesday's semifinal against the U.S. with a 1–0 win over Haiti later Saturday night. The Americans can't afford to take the Reggae Boyz' lightly either. Jamaica defeated Klinsmann's team, 2–1, in a World Cup qualifier three years ago.
“For us, it's very simple. You come into the tournament knowing that its going to take six games all out to lift the trophy. There was no expectation on our part that these games were easy. That's not reality. You're dealing with so many different things and it all comes together in a way where these games are dogfights. Even today, OK, we win 6–0. But the feeling on the field is not of a game where you're just going through the motions and it's a walk in the park. It's hot as can be, the field is heavy as can be, and in their own way, it's still a physical team,” Bradley said.
“It's not been easy. All you have to do is look around the tournament to see the other results. We've taken care of things in a good way and we're pretty damn proud of ourselves,” the captain continued. “There's still more for us. We know we have to keep getting better, and we will.”
The Year in Photos: U.S. Soccer in 2015 Omar Martinez/MEXSPORT/ZumaWire Martin Bernetti/AFP/Getty Images Victor Decolongon/Getty Images Jean-Francois Monier/AFP/Getty Images Matt Lewis/The FA/Getty Images Cristina Quicler/AFP/Getty Images Cristina Quicler/AFP/Getty Images Jose Manuel Ribeiro/AFP/Getty Images Francisco Leong/AFP/Getty Images Roberto Maya/MEXSPORT/ZumaWire Lars Ronbog/FrontZoneSport/Getty Images Philipp Schmidli/Getty Images Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images John Albright/Icon SMI Darren Abate/AP Shaun Clark/Getty Images Brian Bahr/Getty Images Frederic J. Brown/AFP/Getty Images Hannah Peters/FIFA/Getty Images Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images VI Images/Getty Images Alex Livesey/FIFA/Getty Images Alex Livesey/FIFA/Getty Images John Thys/AFP/Getty Images Koen van Weel/AFP/Getty Images Anne-Christine Poujoulat/AFP/Getty Images Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images Alex Grimm/FIFA/Getty Images Simon Hofmann/Bongarts/Getty Images Alexander Hassenstein/Bongarts/Getty Images Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images Alex Livesey/FIFA/Getty Images Rich Lam/Getty Images Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images Jana Chytilova/Freestyle Photo/Getty Images Steve Bardens/FIFA/Getty Images Mark Humphrey/AP Simon Bruty for Sports Illustrated Simon Bruty for Sports Illustrated Simon Bruty for Sports Illustrated Simon Bruty for Sports Illustrated Andrew Dieb/Icon SMI Maddie Meyer/Getty Images Colin E. Braley/AP Rob Carr-Getty Images/Matthew Ashton-AMA-Getty Images/Patrick Semansky-AP Matthew Ashton-AMA/Getty Images Patrick Smith/Getty Images Andy Mead/YCJ/Icon SMI Mike Zarrilli/Getty Images Dave Thompson/Getty Images Icon Sportswire/AP Alex Morton/Action Images/ZUMA Press Billie Weiss/Getty Images Kevin C. Cox/Duane Burleson/Getty Images Colin E. Braley/AP Charlie Riedel/AP Doug Pensinger/Getty Images Gene Sweeney Jr./Getty Images Victor Decolongon/Getty Images Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images Shaun Clark/Getty Images Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images Gene Sweeney Jr./Getty Images Julio Cortez/AP Martin Rose/FIFA/Getty Images Tom Dulat/FIFA/Getty Images Otto Greule Jr./Getty Images Martin Rose/FIFA/Getty Images Sam Greenwood/Getty Images Xinhua News Agency/Getty Images Icon Sportswire/AP Ashley Allen/Getty Images Icon Sportswire/AP Ralph Freso/AP Gerald Herbert/AP 1 of 75 Advertisement
​
Psychologists believe they can identify progressive changes in work of artists who went on to develop Alzheimer's disease
The first subtle hints of cognitive decline may reveal themselves in an artist's brush strokes many years before dementia is diagnosed, researchers believe.
The controversial claim is made by psychologists who studied renowned artists, from the founder of French impressionism, Claude Monet, to the abstract expressionist Willem de Kooning.
While Monet aged without obvious mental decline, de Kooning was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease more than a decade before his death in 1997.
Strobe lighting provides a flicker of hope in the fight against Alzheimer's Read more
Alex Forsythe at the University of Liverpool analysed more than 2,000 paintings from seven famous artists and found what she believes are progressive changes in the works of those who went on to develop Alzheimer's. The changes became noticeable when the artists were in their 40s.
Though intriguing, the small number of artists involved in the study means the findings are highly tentative. While Forsythe said the work does not point to an early test for dementia, she hopes it may open up fresh avenues for investigating the disease.
“I don't believe this will be a tool for diagnosis, but I do think it will trigger people to consider new directions for research into dementia,” she said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest William de Kooning's Woman 1, 1950 and Untitled XXVIII, 1983. Composite: Alamy
The research provoked mixed reactions from other scientists. Richard Taylor, a physicist at the University of Oregon, described the work as a “magnificent demonstration of art and science coming together”. But Kate Brown, a physicist at Hamilton College in New York, was less enthusiastic and dismissed the research as “complete and utter nonsense”.
Forsythe and her colleagues used digital imaging software to calculate how a mathematical feature called fractal density varied in artists' paintings over their careers. The seven artists included Monet, Pablo Picasso and Marc Chagall, who all aged without obvious brain disease; Salvador Dalí and Norval Morrisseau, who developed Parkinson's; and de Kooning and James Brooks, another abstract expressionist who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's in 1985, seven years before his death.
Fractals are geometric patterns that repeat themselves at different size scales. They are seen in nature in the branching of trees and rivers, and in the craggy contours of coastlines. In paintings, fractals appear when patterns made by the tiniest brush strokes repeat on larger scales. The fractal dimension is a measure of fractal complexity, where an artwork with a large fractal dimension has a high ratio of fine to coarse fractal patterns.
Forsythe found that paintings varied in their fractal dimensions over an artist's career, but in the case of de Kooning and Brooks, the measure changed dramatically and fell sharply as the artists aged. “The information seems to be like a footprint that artists leave in their art,” Forsythe said. “They paint within a normal range, but when something is happening the brain, it starts to change quite radically.”
Writing in the journal Neuropsychology, the scientists claim that the fractal dimensions of paintings by Monet, Picasso and Chagall tended to rise as they aged. For Dali and Morrisseau's work, the fractal dimension followed an upside-down U-shape over time, at first rising and then falling. The most stark result was seen in the works of de Kooning and Brooks, where the fractal dimension started high and dropped rapidly from the age of 40.
Words fail us: dementia and the arts Read more
The work has echoes of previous studies that revealed early signs of dementia in the language used by the former US president Ronald Reagan, and the novelist and philosopher Iris Murdoch. Telltale hints of future dementia have also been spotted in autobiographical essays written by nuns in their 20s.
Taylor pioneered the use of fractals to study and even authenticate drip paintings by the late US artist Jackson Pollock. He believes Forsythe's research could do the same for other artists and save museums from being conned into buying fake artworks. But he also saw more important applications. “This work could hopefully be used to learn more about conditions such as dementia,” he said.
“To me, the most inspiring message to come out of this work is that beautiful artworks can result from pathological conditions,” he said. When de Kooning was diagnosed with Alzheimer's, some critics argued that he should stop painting, but as he slipped into dementia, his artwork changed and became more simple, Taylor said.
“To me, these more simple works conveyed a peacefulness that wasn't present in his nurture-dominated earlier work. It all goes to show that sometimes you can think too much about art. Sometimes you just need to tune into your inner self, the ‘nature' part,” he said.
But Brown disagreed. In 2006, she co-authored a paper in Nature that disputed Taylor's research. She said that sketches dashed out on her computer had the same fractal dimensions as a Pollock drip painting and might be authenticated as the real thing.
“The whole premise of ‘fractal expressionism' is completely false,” Brown said. “Since our work came out, claims of fractals in Pollock's work have largely disappeared from peer-reviewed physics journals. But it seems that the fractal zealots have managed to exert some influence in psychology.”
For the Japanese Horror film released as Saimin in Japan, see Saimin (film)
Saimin is a noodle soup dish developed by different immigrant groups in Hawaii. Inspired by Japanese ramen, Chinese mein, and Filipino pancit, saimin was developed during Hawaii's plantation era. It is a soup dish of that consists of soft wheat egg noodles served in hot dashi garnished with green onions. Kamaboko, cha siu, sliced Spam, linguiça, and nori, among other additions.
Saimin shares a great deal in common with Okinawa Soba with regard to noodles and broth, with the biggest difference being the toppings. China and Okinawa had close relations at one time. It is possible that an alternate explanation for the origin of saimin comes from the historical relationship between the two Asian cultures.
Japanese pot stickers, called gyoza, as well as Chinese wonton may be substituted for or added to the dish's noodles for special occasions. A pan-fried version, primarily inspired by Filipino pancit,[citation needed] is also popular, especially at carnivals, fairgrounds, and catered parties.
History [ edit ]
Saimin is a compound of two Chinese words 細麵: 細 (pinyin: xì, jyutping: sai3), meaning thin, and 麵 (miàn, min6), meaning noodle. Saimin actually came from China which is how they have the characters. Saimin is recognized as a traditional dish in Hawaii, taking into consideration the various cultural contributions in its creation. The first Asian immigrants to Hawaii were the Chinese from Southern China to trade for sandalwood with the Hawaiians. The second migration of Chinese came to work on the sugarcane plantations. The dish is composed of elements taken from each of the original sugarcane and pineapple plantation laborer ethnicities of the early 20th century: The noodles are of Chinese origin made with Japanese dashi (broth) with ingredients from both cuisines such as cha siu, eggs, and green onions. Through the years, various ingredients are widely accepted to be added into this multicultural dish.
As plantation laborers returned from the fields, communal meals were informally prepared. It is believed that on some occasions, a Filipino family may have had extra green onions growing in their yard, the Portuguese had some sausage, the Hawaiians had a couple of extra eggs, and the Korean had some cabbage left over from making kimchi. At this point, they would all throw their ingredients into the pot and share what was created. It may be through these communal meals that saimin was born.
Popularization [ edit ]
Saimin was first popularized as a fast food dish on the plantations and in the twentieth century at Honolulu Stadium. It is served at all sporting venues alongside hot dogs and hamburgers at popular national fast food chains and restaurants throughout the islands. A healthy alternative to most school meals, several public schools offer saimin as a regular option for students.
Historic saimin establishments [ edit ]
Several saimin establishments including saimin noodle factories and restaurants have become local landmarks in Hawaii and have attracted out-of-state visitors who have ventured off the traditional tourist-beaten paths. Many of these establishments have been officially designated by the State of Hawaii as places of historic interest. Among such establishments are Palace Saimin, Likelike Drive Inn and Washington Saimin on Oahu, and Hamura's Saimin on Kauai, which was given the James Beard Foundation's America's Classic honor in 2006.[1]
McDonald's saimin [ edit ]
McDonald's, an American fast-food giant based in Oak Brook, Illinois became aware of the saimin phenomenon in the Hawaiian islands in the late 1960s. Maurice J. "Sully" Sullivan, legendary Hawaii entrepreneur and owner of Foodland Super Market Limited, had purchased and opened the first McDonald's restaurant in Hawaii in 1968 at his flagship grocery store. He opened several more McDonald's franchises, and for 12 straight months, McDonald's Hawaii became the highest grossing group of franchises in the world. Sullivan wanted to serve his favorite meal, saimin, at his McDonald's restaurants, knowing all too well that his restaurants would boom with its introduction to the menu.
Sullivan invited executives from the McDonald's corporation, including owner and business tycoon Ray Kroc for dinner at two family-owned, "hole-in-the-wall" saimin stands in Honolulu. They ate at Palace Saimin, Washington Saimin and Boulevard Saimin. That night, Sullivan convinced Kroc to expand McDonald's menu for the first time in its corporate history to include a local "ethnic" food. Researchers worked extensively with Washington Saimin to develop a recipe for McDonald's Hawaii. Sullivan secured deals with Ajinomoto, a local Japanese saimin noodle factory and fishcake supplier, to manufacture a special soup base.
Today, saimin is one of McDonald's Hawaii restaurant's most popular menu items. Later, Sullivan introduced breakfast platters consisting of Portuguese sausage, eggs, and steamed white rice; Spam, eggs, and rice; and a Breakfast deluxe, a combination of the two, to his menu, capitalizing on the local food phenomena.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
By Rohin Dharmakumar
Earlier this week, Ofcom, the British communications regulator, announced the beginning of a consultative process to free up spectrum for the launch of "5G"telecom networks in the UK. Interestingly, the UK just completed its spectrum auctions for 4G services in February this year.
Though the "5G" nomenclature is still not official, we're talking about networks that can transmit data at rates between 200 megabits per second (mbps) to 1 gigagbit per second (gbps). There aren't simply theoretical figures, because news reports also suggest that there will be 5G trials in UK this year, with speeds of up to 200 mbps.
India conducted its 4G auction in 2010. How many people do you know today who are on a 4G network?
Stuck in the theatre of the absurd that is Indian telecom, where each day we see regulators and operators shadow-boxing with each other in newspapers and courts, It's hard to remember how rosy things were just a few years back.
The toast of the global telecom world, India was seen as the "soney ki chidiya". From profits to innovation to talktime usage to investments, there was no metric we weren't totally killing. And in less than 5 years we're the laughing stock of the world.
Here are five areas where the current reality is in start contrast to the future predicted in 2007:
Competition: "There is space for 10-odd telecom operators in India simply because of the large population. In that way, India is vastly different from most other countries that have four to five operators," said the head of Ernst & Young's telecom practice a few years back.
Instead today we have three credible and long-term competitors in most states - Airtel, Vodafone and Idea. Depending on the state, some of the supporting cast - state-owned and bleeding BSNL; debt-addicted and decaying Reliance Communications; ill-fated Tata DoCoMo which has just a year before either Tata of DoCoMo pulls the plug on it; Aircel; MTS, Uninor and Videocon - fight each other for the leftovers.
And as is to be expected, when competition comes down, prices tend to go up.
Convergence: Last week Dish Network, the second largest satellite TV provider in the US, bid $25.5 billion for wireless operator Sprint Nextel
Something like that, a DTH service provider bidding for a mobile operator, is probably outside the realm of even imagination in India. Because we are eons away from telecom convergence.
Dish's bid for Sprint makes sense because it is aiming to put together a "Quadruple Play"of services for its customers combining fixed broadband, TV, telephony and high-speed wireless data.
In India our regulators take pride in deliberately thwarting any such integration. Which is why even "Triple Play" hasn't yet become a reality, or cable TV companies are missing the wood for the trees by focusing on "digitization" alone instead of a converged quadruple play opportunity.
Converged offerings make sense for the consumer who now has to deal with one firm that provides a seamless offering; businesses because they can't plan for and build future-ready networks capable of doing anything and everything, instead of piecemeal ones; and the country, because we're not wasting money replicating the same infrastructure across dozens of companies, all of who can never be profitable on a long-term basis.
Investments: "Have you ever heard of a country where operators shut down live (telecom) networks? It's like building bridges, then blowing them up later. Nearly 95 percent of the people managing these networks are being given pink slips, while the equipment either sits in warehouses or is resold at 5-10 percent of their original value," said Vsevolod Rozanov, the CEO and President of MTS India to me in December.
Very few operators, even leading ones, are investing any money into upgrading their networks beyond short-term requirements. For equipment makers too, India is nowhere close to the promising market it was a few years ago.
So while the world's leading telecom operators try to upgrade their networks for the future, we're woefully falling behind in India.
The "Post-voice" void: Just like in the computing space the world is moving to a "Post-PC" world filled with smartphones, tablets and wearable devices, the telecom world too is moving to a "Post-voice" world filled with Skype, Whatsapp, Twitter and Facebook.
Unfortunately our telecom operators are ill-equipped to make that transition. For one, regulations conveniently prevent them from offering some services, like VOIP, only till some cynical purpose is found for allowing that by the babus sitting in regulatory bodies.
The operators are also at fault. They practically killed India's mobile VAS sector before it had a chance to thrive, by imposing usurious fees and charges of their independent partners and by sanctioning corrupt practices that fooled money out of consumer's wallets.
As a result, any reasonably talented mobile app developer today would rather target a global platform like iOS or Android, instead of working with Indian operators. Consumers too, have lost trust in their operators because of a pattern of fraudulent behaviour in how they were "sold" VAS services.
Rohin Dharmakumar writes for Forbes India
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
President Obama, with Vice President Biden and Yanely Gonzalez, speaks during a reception to mark Cinco de Mayo at the White House. (Chip Somodevilla)
Donald Trump's presidential campaign is spurring a record number of citizenship applications and increases in voter registration among Latinos upset by the candidate's rhetoric and fearful of his plans to crack down on immigration.
Activists, lawmakers and political consultants around the country say Hispanics are flooding into citizenship workshops and congressional offices and jamming hotlines on how to become U.S. citizens or register to vote. Many say they are primarily motivated by the rise of Trump, who has proposed deporting 11 million undocumented immigrants and building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
In California, the number of Hispanics registering to vote doubled in the first three months of this year compared with the same period in 2012, according to state data. In Texas, naturalization ceremonies in Houston have swelled to about 2,200 per month, compared with 1,200 before, according to an analysis by the Houston Chronicle. More than 80 percent of those naturalized then register to vote, compared with 60 percent previously.
According to the most recent national statistics, more than 185,000 citizenship applications were submitted in the final three months of 2015, up 14 percent from the year before and up 8 percent compared with the same period ahead of the 2012 elections.
Experts expect a similar, if not larger, uptick for the first three months of 2016 when new federal data is released in coming weeks.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump spoke about his disagreement with the pope in February and the wall he plans to build on the U.S. border with Mexico at a rally in Myrtle Beach, S.C. (Reuters)
“A surge in Latino engagement is coming,” said Ben Monterroso, executive director of Mi Familia Vota, a nonpartisan group registering Hispanics in six states. “Unsolicited, people tell you that ‘I'm becoming a citizen because I want to vote against Donald Trump' or ‘I want to vote against the attacks on our community.' ”
Rep. Luis V. Gutiérrez (D-Ill.), an outspoken advocate of immigration reform, said he's seeing similar interest in his Chicago district, where his office helped more than 500 people apply for citizenship this spring — a record.
“I've done citizenship fairs throughout my career, and there's something new going on,” he said Wednesday.
The increased activity comes as Trump has continued to anger immigrant and refu­gee rights activists with his words and campaign pledges. On Wednesday, he told Fox News that he might establish a commission to explore his call for a temporary travel ban on Muslims. Last week, Trump tweeted a photo of himself with a taco salad and the words “I love Hispanics!” on Cinco de Mayo, a Mexican holiday commemorating a military victory over French forces in the 1862 Battle of Puebla.
Supporters defend Trump's travel ban and taco tweet as concern for U.S. security and a sincere overture to Hispanics. But some GOP leaders continue to warn that his candidacy will end any hope of Republicans winning over minorities.
“Eating a taco is probably not going to fix the problem we have with Hispanics,” Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) told CNN last week in response to the tweet. “Embracing Donald Trump is embracing demographic death.”
The work by Monterroso's nonpartisan group and Gutiérrez is part of the “Stand Up to Hate” coalition that said Wednesday that it helped 12,781 people apply for citizenship in several states in March and April. That is part of broader efforts by several groups, including the Democratic Party and Spanish-language broadcaster Univision, to help millions of people apply for citizenship or register to vote this year.
1 of 10 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × 10 celebrities who say they'll leave the U.S. if Donald Trump is elected president View Photos From Jon Stewart to Cher, some said they'd move to Canada, but some preferred another planet. Caption From Jon Stewart to Cher, some said they'd move to Canada, but some preferred another planet. Jon Stewart After the Emmy Awards in September, Stewart was asked whether he'd consider returning to "The Daily Show" if Donald Trump is elected president in 2016. “I would consider getting in a rocket and going to another planet because clearly this planet has gone bonkers," he said. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
[Hispanic voter registration is climbing in some states. Is it because of Donald Trump?]
The coalition involved in Wednesday's announcement includes the Service Employees International Union, the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union and the Latino Victory Foundation. Collectively, they held more than 300 events in March and April nationwide.
Astrid Silva, organizing director with the Progressive Leadership Alliance of Nevada, said she had more than 500 people turn out for a citizenship workshop in Las Vegas last month. Most in the crowd were older people who have lived in the United States legally for decades but never became citizens.
“I met a man who'd been a resident for 45 years, and he said in Spanish: ‘I hadn't wanted to do this. I didn't see a purpose.' But he added, ‘This year, I'm going to do it because I'm tired of sitting down,' ” she said.
The rate of citizenship applications and voter registrations historically swells in the months leading up to a presidential election as state deadlines draw near. But this year's increased activity comes as demographers anticipate that this will be the most racially and ethnically diverse election in U.S. history. Nearly a third of eligible voters will be racial minorities, due mostly to growth among Hispanics, according to the Pew Research Center.
Rep. Joaquin Castro (D-Tex.), who represents the San Antonio area, said a citizenship workshop in his district drew more legal permanent residents concerned by Trump's calls to deport undocumented immigrants.
“Their concern is not unfounded,” Castro said. “Is he going to stop with people who are undocumented? He seems like a quick step away from saying if you're not a citizen, we don't want permanent residents either.”
Increases are also happening in battleground states with smaller but growing blocs of Hispanic voters that Democrats hope can help them win local, statewide and congressional races.
In Iowa, labor leaders believe that five times as many Hispanics voted in presidential caucuses this year as voted in 2008. In Georgia and North Carolina, the jump in voter registration among Latinos was larger than the increase among whites or blacks.
[Obama hosts final Cinco de Mayo reception at White House]
Albert Morales, a former Democratic National Committee operative who handled Hispanic issues, called the latest trends “a very positive development.” But he warned that Democrats and like-minded groups need to spend millions more to register and mobilize Hispanics voters if they want to win more congressional races.
Monterroso, 58, emigrated from Guatemala in 1977 and has devoted his career to helping Hispanics apply to become citizens and register to vote. He said that the GOP's embrace of Trump is “scary,” but that the increase in Latino registrations “is music to my ears.”
He cited the story of Yanely Gonzalez, 17, a high school senior from Denver whose parents came illegally from Mexico. She will be old enough to vote in November and is helping Mi Familia Vota register others in Colorado. Last week, she introduced President Obama at a Cinco de Mayo celebration at the White House.
“I believe in the power of my vote, because it's equal to any other person's,” she told the crowd in the White House East Room. “My vote counts as much as anyone else's. It doesn't matter where my parents were born or the color of their skin.”
Philip Bump and Alice Crites contributed to this report.
Sen. Rand Paul has previously been a thorn in President Donald Trump's side, having run against him in 2016 and loudly opposing his efforts to repeal Obamacare last month. | Getty Rand Paul offers backup to Trump on monitoring claims
Sen. Rand Paul gave President Donald Trump some backup Monday on his unfounded claim that President Barack Obama had wiretapped him.
Paul raised concerns over a news report that former national security adviser Susan Rice had sought to obtain the identities of Trump-linked individuals whose communications were swept up in government monitoring of foreign nationals. Rice's requests to "unmask" Trump associates likely were not illegal, but they offer some political ammunition for Trump, who has continued to stand by his wiretapping claim even though FBI Director James Comey and other officials have debunked it.
Story Continued Below
The Kentucky Republican echoed the president in pointing to the Obama administration for stoking "all this innuendo about whether Russia was in cahoots with the Trump campaign."
"In reality, they were using basically an espionage tool to eavesdrop or wiretap" Trump aides, he told reporters. "It's inappropriate, and it should be illegal."
Paul previously has been a thorn in Trump's side, having run against him in 2016 and loudly opposing his efforts to repeal Obamacare last month. But the libertarian-leaning senator, who went golfing with Trump over the weekend, apparently has found common ground with the president on this issue.
Paul called for stronger limits on “unmasking people in the political process" and suggested that the power to uncloak unnamed people could turn into a partisan weapon.
“Way too many people can unmask individuals,” Paul told reporters, raising a pointed hypothetical: “What if I decide to unmask the conversations of my Democratic opponents?”
Paul said he is considering legislation on unmasking in response to Rice's reported involvement in alleged monitoring of Trump aides' conversations, a connection first reported by Bloomberg. The issue may come up as Congress debates reauthorization of surveillance laws that expire later this year.
Such unmasking occurs when U.S. persons are incidentally caught up in surveillance of foreign targets. Intelligence reports based on such surveillance are supposed to mask the identities of people in the United States. But certain high-ranking officials can request that their identities be revealed under certain circumstances.
On Sunday, before Bloomberg broke the news about Rice, Trump claimed in an interview with the Financial Times that his wiretapping claims were "turning out to be true," though the unmasking of identities is not evidence to support a physical wiretap of Trump Tower — something even lawmakers sympathetic to Trump say did not happen.
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), who is planning to join with Paul on a new privacy bill to be released Tuesday, made clear that incidental monitoring of Americans' communications with foreign nationals would be a critical priority for him in the coming domestic surveillance debate.
"I feel very strongly that to even start that, we have to know how many law-abiding Americans are swept up in the searches when we target somebody overseas," Wyden told reporters Monday, while declining to address the Rice report specifically. "I support targeting threats overseas, but I also think as global communications start being more and more integrated, we need to know how many Americans are being swept up."
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
For Trump allies, Rice's reported attempts at unmasking are a vindication for the president and House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes. The California Republican set off a political conflagration last month after charging that Trump aides may have had communications intercepted and then briefing the White House about the matter before fellow lawmakers, even though White House officials were Nunes' sources.
“I've been very impressed with Devin Nunes,” Paul said, “I may be the only person around. All of the intelligence hawks don't like him because he found something and he's willing to talk about it with the president.”
Republican enmity toward Rice dates to Obama's first term and deepened during the years-long investigation into the violent 2012 attack on the U.S. Embassy in Benghazi, Libya.
Paul alluded to that mistrust in his response to the Bloomberg report. Rice was "responsible for all the dissembling over the Benghazi stuff," Paul said, and "now turns out to be the one investigating Trump transition people. That's a big deal."
Yesterday I spotted my first freegan, standing in front of the Dumpster in the parking lot of a Chicago Trader Joe's. The encounter made me think long and hard about what I would feed my children and how I should procure it.
I've been fascinated by freeganism since reading about it and hearing about it on the radio. So when I saw the young man by the Dumpster, I turned my head to look closely. He gave me a shrug and a smile. I rolled down my window and asked, "Freegan?"
Yup. "There is some amazing stuff in here!" he said. Indeed, "amazing" was the very adjective used to describe this particular Dumpster on a freegan Web site I'd seen. On the ground were a few grocery items that looked similar to the stuff I had just paid over $200 for inside the store. A loaf of whole wheat bread, in a bread bag. A container of mini red and yellow peppers which had spilled open. A plastic-wrapped wedge of brie.
"Did all that come out of the Dumpster?" I asked. In response, he held up a large backpack that was so full he could barely lift it with one hand.
"All this came out of there," he told me. "Want some bread?"
I chuckled, and he glanced at the backseat and said, "You probably don't want to feed your kids out of the garbage."
Do I? Reading about freeganism, I have thought that it's something I wouldn't mind trying. People routinely find wrapped or packaged food, before the expiration date, from premium stores like Whole Foods and Trader Joe's.
But now the freegan himself suggested that his spoils might not be fit for children. I thought it over on my drive home. Suddenly I could think of all kinds of reasons that feeding my family out of Dumpsters might make me nervous:
-- I don't know why the store discarded the food. A lot of it, freegans say, is thrown out because of a small blemish or other reasons that would not affect the safety. But how am I to know that it's not being pitched because a cooler broke and the food wasn't kept cool enough overnight? Or because it was sitting under a leak from an upstairs toilet? Or because a customer returned it complaining that it tasted moldy?
-- Much of the food is wrapped, but it is not exactly being stored in a clean place. Would I mind if a cockroach or a rat walked across that breadbag before I brought it home and set it on my counter? OK, that could happen in the food warehouse, the truck or in the store as well, I know. But it seems almost guaranteed to happen in a Dumpster, don't you think? And what if the store puts rat poison in the Dumpster to keep vermin away?
-- What about that other garbage it's sitting next to or under? Suppose my wedge of cheese has been lightly bathed in the last drops from a bottle of Draino that was also thrown out?
Of course, I can think of counterarguments to my squeamishness. The store always looks clean and shiny, but I know my food has not always been in pristine places throughout the production chain. And even with these risks to food purity, my kids would probably be better off eating organic food from the garbage than the conventional low-quality produce I usually buy from the grocery store nearest to me. And the waste of resources involved in all that food ending up in a landfill is probably a bigger threat to my kids' long-term health than the possibility of getting a dirty banana today.
Alas, as much as I long to be a radical mommy raising a couple of little Abbie Hoffmans, I guess I'm more Donna Reed in this respect: Say rat, and I'm outta here. Even hypothetical rat. Anyway, if we shopped outside the Trader Joe's instead of inside, my 3-year-old would not get a balloon, and, let me tell you -- there would be serious repercussions.
So -- any freegans reading out there? Tell me, do you feed your kids this way? Am I underestimating the hygenic standards of the modern Dumpster?
Look out, rugby union.
Here comes rugby league.
The Toronto Wolfpack officially arrived in their home city last Saturday. And, yes, it was with a very resounding bang.
Undefeated in the third division of England Rugby League, the the fledgling Wolfpack — the sport's first-ever transatlantic team — hammered visiting Oxford 62-12 before an enthusiastic crowd of more than 6,000 who turned out on a cold, wet, otherwise dismal day at Lamport Stadium — the older, poorer cousin of BMO Field.
Rugby fans and curious non-rugby onlookers alike whooped it up from start to finish in a raucous block-party atmosphere during a fast-paced Wolfpack romp that featured scintillating runs, crisp ball movement, bone-rattling tackles, plenty of scoring and a late-game brawl that even Don Cherry might've appreciated.
For the uninitiated, union is the older and more popular of the the two rugby codes played in Canada. But make no mistake, with the arrival of the well-financed, slickly-promoted and talent-laden Wolfpack, even staunch supporters of the union game are sitting up and taking notice.
League is played with two fewer men than union — 13 as opposed to 15 — and with the elimination of lineouts and virtually uncontested scrums that are simply an excuse to put the ball back into play, the game is played at a much faster pace than union with far fewer stoppages. Think of a more violent version of Sevens.
One of the keenest observers in the home-opener crowd was my brother, 55-year-old Karl Svoboda, a former Canadian Rugby Union international who represented his country 24 times in a 10-year career from 1985-95. Svoboda was impressed by what he saw Saturday.
"I thought the game and the event were pretty cool,” said Svoboda. “It was pretty low-key in terms of ticket prices (around $20) and I think they just want to appeal to Toronto rugby fans — no matter the code — and make it affordable. The game was exciting with lots of scoring, which was cool for the fans.
"I will definitely go to another game.”
The Wolfpack are the brainchild of a small group of well-heeled fans of rugby league who believe the game can work here. The fully-professional team is probably playing one division below where it should, but the goal is to eventually take up residence in the English Super League — akin to the NHL in hockey.
The Wolfpack players live and train in England and will make a handful of appearances in Toronto for periodic homestands during the lengthy rugby league season. As part of their mandate to develop the game here, the extended Wolfpace roster contains a couple of Canadian long-term developmental players — including former Belleville Bulldogs standout, Chad Bain, a graduate of Quinte Secondary School.
Wolfpack officials had to be delighted with Saturday's opener. Only one side of the Lamport Stadium stands was open when the match kicked-off, but team officials and security personnel quickly opened the other side when it was evident a larger-than-expected crowd was pouring in — despite the crummy weather.
Across the street at the Wolfpack's souvenir shop, a long lineup of eager fans stretched out onto the sidewalk as supporters crammed inside to purchase Wolfpack baseball caps, T-shirts and scarves. Beleaguered employees still managed to smile as they were forced to occasionally retreat back to the stockroom to retrieve more and more unopened boxes of Wolfpack swag.
Still, they ran out of hats.
At least one fan who missed out on buying a cap, offered to double the money a more fortunate supporter had paid for his.
"Nope,” he said.
Yes, the Toronto Wolfpack have arrived. With a bang.
Aug 23rd, 2017
Aug 23rd, 2017
A Kazakhstan tennis star has launched an astonishing tirade against her Russian coach, calling him a “moron” and telling him to “take your f---ing grin away”.
World number 50 Yulia Putintseva was thrashed 6-0, 6-0 by Alize Cornet at the Connecticut Open, but still found time to unload on her coach, Roman Kisliansky.
“You never applauded me when I won the ball,” she is heard saying.
“You chew and watch the f---ing video. Are you moron? (sic)
“You sit there watching your video about the flat Earth.”
“Take your f---ing grin away”
Facing certain defeat and trailing 6-0, 4-0, Putintseva then proceeded to demolish her racquet in another epic meltdown.
The 2016 French Open quarter-finalist later apologised on social media.
“Yesterday was hell! Unfortunately there are days in tennis when you can do nothing.
“I would like to apologise to my coach Roman Kisliansky for what I said!
“My emotions quite often blind me, but I am working on that and will try to make some conclusions from this game and this situation.”
Whether they'll be working together at next week's US Open remains to be seen.
Man arrested at Columbus Airport escapes psychiatric hospital Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Temitope O. Olayeye [ + - ] Video
COLUMBUS (WCMH) -- Police are searching for a man who escaped from the Twin Valley Behavioral Healthcare Hospital.
Temitope Olayeye, 22, was arrested at Columbus Airport on January 12 after making a disturbance at Port Columbus Airport. He was later admitted to the psychiatric hospital.
Last night, police say he escaped.
Olayeye is a black male, 6'0" tall, weighs 180 pounds, has black hair and brown eyes. If you spot him, call police right away or Central Ohio Crime Stoppers at 614-461-8477.
Arrested at Port Columbus:
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Twin Valley Behavioral Healthcare Hospital
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Twin Valley Behavioral Healthcare Hospital
Police say Olayeye was arrested after causing a disturbance in the baggage are of the airport. Police say he was yelling and cussing at passengers.
The responding officer told Olayeye to show his hands or else he would draw his service weapon. Olaleye then said "then I will get my gun first" and reached into the back waistband area of his pants. Other responding officers then got Olaleye to the ground and put him in handcuffs.
While walking Olaleye to a secured area, police say he shouted to other passengers at the airport "If I'm not out in 5 minutes, blow the plane." He later told police he acted out because terrorists told him to do it. When asked how they contacted him, Olaleye said he hears people whispering in his ears.
He was booked on charges of inducing panic, failure to provide information and obstruction official business before later being transferred to the psychiatric hospital.
Twin Valley Behavioral Healthcare Hospital released the following statement in regards to Olaleye:
Viguerie: McCain campaign depresses conservatives
The McCain campaign has not only failed to enthuse Republicans, but left many conservatives depressed and ready for a November defeat, said Richard A. Viguerie, Chairman of ConservativeHQ.com.
"Senator McCain has never been a conservative, is not one now, and will not govern as one. From McCain-Feingold to cap-and-trade, he is a supporter of one Big Government scheme after another. History shows that, in the Oval Office, where almost all the political pressure comes from supporters of Big Government, he would only get worse."
In a speech at Freedom Fest, a gatherigng of free market advocates, Viguerie harshly criticized Senator McCain's past history and said he would not represent conservative values if elected president, reported Christian Newswire.
"You even have some conservatives who are considering voting for Barack Obama, because they fear McCain as president would destroy what's left of the Republican brand and would finish off the conservative movement," Viguerie said. "Their mood is that of the fatally ill patient who says 'Let's get this over with'."
The Washington Post called Viguerie the "conservatives' Voice of America," according to PBS' NOW with Bill Moyers.
McCain faced opposition from the far right long before he clinched the Republican nomination.
In a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington, D.C., McCain was booed by the crowd when he attempted to explain his position on immigration.
He went on to acknowledge that conservatives were concerned over his Senate voting record.
"Surely, I have held ... positions that have not met with widespread agreement from conservatives. I won't pretend otherwise, nor would you permit me to forget it."
In July 2006, a conservative site launched an aggressive attack on McCain for his 'explosive' temper, Raw Story reported.
Former Senate staff members told the site that McCain cursed at congressmen who proclaimed support for Bush and not McCain during the 2000 presidential election.
The full story of Viguerie's criticisms of John McCain can be found here.
In premise, LJN's 1989 adaptation of Friday The 13th doesn't make much sense. Even the company's take on A Nightmare On Elm Street had more justification for its existence: Freddy Krueger's manipulation of dream logic offered possibilities; all Jason Voorhees ever did was walk around carving up teenagers. It's no real surprise, then, that a game following the adventures of a group of camp counselors trying to survive Jason's wrath would become as notorious as one of the worst ever produced for the NES. Yet it's not as terrible as its reputation suggests, and while the execution is poor, the ideas behind it deserve another look.
Advertisement
There's no denying most of the criticisms thrown on Friday The 13th. The big one, the one that makes the game impossible to recommend without the severest caveats imaginable, is the difficulty. Yes, games from that era were nearly always harder than modern games—few people managed to get through Ninja Gaiden or Mega Man unscathed—but difficulty on its own isn't necessarily a bad thing. Good design can use difficulty to generate a more focused experience, creating tension and catharsis through a challenge that punishes without being overtly unfair.
That sense of “fairness” is key, and while it can be a hard concept to pin down, Friday The 13th is not fair by any reasonable standard. The player chooses from one of six counselors of varying agility, only two of whom (Mark and Chrissy) are worth a damn. It's then your job to protect 15 children and every other counselor at Crystal Lake summer camp from Jason. His attacks come regularly, which means the player spends most of their time dashing toward his location and trying to beat the clock, allowing little space for the exploration and discovery necessary to build up your arsenal and take Jason down for good.
Advertisement
As if that weren't bad enough, Crystal Lake is overrun with an endless supply of zombies, wolves, and crows. The goals are unclear, the tools needed for survival appear semi-randomly, and if you die, you lose everything unless you passed it on to a different counselor. “Lives” are measured out in the counselors themselves, and if you lose the good ones, you're pretty much screwed. The fights with Jason are badly timed nightmares, and while none of the other enemies are impossible to kill, the sheer volume of them makes any progress a chore.
Yet there are positives here that bely the game's bottom-of-the-barrel notoriety. Friday The 13th is horror, and horror games, as they've developed since 1989, are largely about managing resources. Early entries in the Resident Evil series made great use out of clunky “tank” controls and limited access to save points and bullets, and while Friday The 13th doesn't have that level of intention, the hostility toward the player kicks in immediately, setting a tone that's fit for the genre. Working against the clock and fighting an overpowered foe under rules that aren't immediately clear is entirely fitting. A good game based on the Friday The 13th series should have a feeling of hopelessness running through it. If Jason were easy to beat, he wouldn't be scary.
Advertisement
And he is scary; or at least, he's as scary as a game targeted at 12-year-olds could be. The key is a mixture of rising tension and surprise. Jason appears in two different areas: on the trail that runs around the lake or inside one of the cabins. On the trail, there's no warning—just a shift of music and Jason darts into view, hurling axes and taking several hits before disappearing as suddenly as he appeared. When Jason materializes in a cabin, a countdown shows up alongside a blinking green mark on the map to mark his attack, and once inside the cabin, you have to search each room systematically, never knowing which turn will lead you face to face with the killing machine.
The result is an impression of pressure and pursuit that mimics the final third of the best Friday The 13th movies. There's no real “final girl” here, but there is the sense that the world has been honed down to a fine and brutal edge. The odds are stacked against you, and the consequences for failure are swift and definitive. In some ways, the game is even more effective than its source material at generating a feeling of impending doom; even the best of the movies were bogged down with clunky dialogue and padding. There's none of that here.
The six counselors represent the player's “lives.” If you run out of counselors, or if all the children are killed, you lose the game. In practice, this adds to the game's brutal difficulty, but in concept, it fits the game's cinematic beginnings. In a better designed, more balanced version, losing characters instead of just numbers means creating your own distinct narrative, a slasher flick in which the hero's allies are whittled down one by one. It's a concept that would achieve fruition in more story-focused, modern games like Until Dawn; here, it's more an irritation than anything else, but the principle is sound.
The game also does its best by the series' limited mythology. There's Jason in the hockey mask, the films' most definitive element (and one that didn't come completely into focus until Friday The 13th Part 3), and the Crystal Lake summer camp that so often played host to the carnage. But for players who dig a little deeper, there's also a boss fight with the disembodied head of Jason's mom—and if you win the fight, you get to wear her sweater, reducing the damage you take. This nod to the climax of Friday The 13th Part 2 is an impressive deep cut, one that pays homage to the source material by reshaping it to fit the needs of a different medium.
Advertisement
All of these positives make Friday The 13th even more frustrating than it would be were it a complete waste of time. If the difficulty were a little less punishing, if there were just a little more depth, this could be a forgotten classic. As is, it's messy and inaccessible, but it deserves better than to be dismissed outright. In its way, it's every bit as ugly, ungainly, and laughable as the movies that inspired it, but that feels appropriate: a game with a face only a mother could love.
Key Highlights
It looks like there is no stopping the sellers, as the Dogecoin price continued to weaken Intraday.
Yesterday's highlighted sell idea played well, as the price declined below 35.0
The hourly RSI is below the 50 level, signaling the fact that buyers are struggling to gain traction.
Dogecoin price broke yesterday's low of 34.7 Satoshis to trade towards 30.0 Satohis which seems to be an important support area.
What we can expect next?
The Dogecoin price formed a new weekly low around 30.0 Satoshis, which represents a major support area and might ignite a corrective rally. However, there are still many resistances on the upside for buyers and it won't be an easy task for them to clear them. There is a bearish trend line and 100 simple moving average (MA) confluence area formed on the hourly chart around 38.0-40.0 Satoshis. The stated resistance area holds the key moving ahead, and as long as the price is below it, sellers may remain in control.
An initial resistance on the upside is around the 38.2% Fib retracement level of the last leg from the 41.8 Satoshis (high) to 30.6 Satoshis (low). A break above the same might open the doors for a move towards the 50% Fib level (41.8 Satoshis high to 30.6 Satoshis low) that is sitting near the highlighted confluence resistance area.
Looking at the indicators:
MA – 100 MA is positioned above the price and bending lower, which suggests that the buyers may find it tough to take the price higher.
MACD – There is a chance in the slope noted towards bullish, but there is no sign of relief as momentum is simply not there.
On the downside, we need to keep an eye on 30.0 Satoshis, as a break below it would be critical.
Intraday Support Level – 34.7 Satoshis
Intraday Resistance Level – 40.0 Satoshis
Overall, there looks like a chance of the price correcting higher towards 40.0 Satoshis.
Charts from HITBTC and CEXIO; hosted by Trading View
MUMBAI: A city-based film director has approached the Bombay high court against the prohibition on carrying outside food in movie theatres and multiplexes.Jainendra Baxi, who has filed the public interest litigation ( PIL ), claimed that there was "no legal or statutory provision that prohibits one from carrying personal food articles or water inside movie theatres".In fact, the petition said, the Maharashtra Cinemas (Regulation) Rules prohibit hawking and selling food inside the theatres and auditoriums."This rule is openly flouted by the cinema halls which have several stalls selling food and beverages," it added.The restrictions on bringing outside food to the theatres particularly affected the senior citizens and those who could not eat, for medical reasons, "the junk food that the food stalls in the theatres sell", the petition said.The moviegoers must be allowed to carry eatables inside the auditoriums and disallowing this violated their "constitutional right to life", it added, while seeking a direction to the state government to clarify its position in this regard.The PIL is expected to come up for hearing next month.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate rejected an amendment on Wednesday that would have forced the repeal of war resolutions used as the legal basis for U.S. military actions in Iraq, Afghanistan and against extremists in Syria and other countries.
U.S army soldiers stand next to helicopters at the Qayyarah West Airfield, Iraq March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Azad Lashkari
The Senate voted 61 to 36 to kill the measure, which six months after it became law would have put an end to authorizations for the use of military force (AUMF) passed in 2001 and 2002.
The legislation was offered by Republican Senator Rand Paul as an amendment to a must-pass annual defense policy bill, which lawmakers are using as a vehicle to gain a greater say in national security policy.
Paul's measure was aimed at asserting the constitutional right of Congress to approve military action, rather than the president. Some of the other amendments address issues such as sanctions on North Korea and President Donald Trump's ban on transgender troops in the military.
Many members of Congress are concerned the 2001 AUMF, passed days after the Sept. 11 attacks to authorize the fight against al Qaeda and affiliates, has been used too broadly as the legal basis for a wide range of military action in too many countries.
The majority of support for the amendment came from Democrats, who joined Paul in arguing that it is long past time for Congress to debate a new authorization for the use of force.
“We should oppose unauthorized, undeclared, unconstitutional war. At this particular time, there are no limits on war,” Paul said.
Republicans control majorities in both the Senate and House of Representatives. Only two other Republicans backed the amendment.
Opponents said it would endanger U.S. forces already deployed in conflicts overseas by generating uncertainty about their mission.
“Repealing the 2001 and 2002 AUMFs without simultaneously passing a new authorization would be premature, it would be irresponsible,” said Republican Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
However, McCain and several other senators who spoke against the amendment said they would back efforts to pass a new authorization through so-called “regular order,” including hearings and debate.
A growing number of lawmakers argue that using the 2001 authorization is especially questionable for the campaign against Islamic State, which did not exist when it was passed, and fights against al Qaeda in Syria and elsewhere.
‘Wonder Woman' Pushes The DC Extended Universe Past $3B Globally
WB's Wonder Woman has greatly outdone financial expectations at the global box office, and as a result, the DC Extended Universe has made over $3B in ticket sales over the course of four films.
Box Office Mojo is reporting that the DCEU's fourth movie has just cleared the $350M milestone domestically, which has pushed it past the $3B mark. Keeping the international rollout of Wonder Woman in mind, this was accomplished in a mere 35 days after opening overseas and 32 days after opening in the United States. Following mixed-to-negative critical reception and polarized audience responses to previous installments to the franchise, the critical success and strong financial performance of Wonder Woman was exactly what the rapidly-expanding Warner Brothers mega-franchise needed, and is sure to help build hype for this November's Justice League. Not bad for a movie that was initially tracking to only have a $65M opening weekend!
For frame of reference, the DC Extended Universe is financially ahead of Marvel Studios and their Marvel Cinematic Universe at the same point in time relative to the beginning of their setting (namely, the last standalone movie they released before the big team-up). Four movies in, the DCEU has made $3,000.8M (and counting, since Wonder Woman still has yet to complete its run in most territories and has yet to open in Japan altogether) compared to the $2,292.4M total accounted for the first five MCU movies. In terms of production budget expenses for these same movies, the DCEU as it stands right now is only slightly more expensive than the MCU was at the time ($799M versus $780M). For both franchises, that translates to averages of $750.2M-per-DC-movie and $458.48M-per-Marvel-movie at those respective points in time.
Granted, this isn't an apples-to-apples situation, as this comparison does not account for matters of inflation, the rise of 3-D, or the growth of the international film market – the DCEU started after a new “status quo” took effect while the MCU was going through these changes firsthand at this point in time. And this certainly isn't to knock Marvel Studios at all, as their setting has consistently done well and has redefined how Hollywood is developing movie franchises; heck, it's the key reason why the DC Extended Universe finally got off the ground. What we like to call the “Heroic Age” at this site is built upon the continued success of all comic book adaptations and genre movies as a whole, so DC's setting doing so well bodes for Marvel and everyone else in the long run.
Wonder Woman is still playing in theaters. Its cast includes Gal Gadot as Diana Prince (Wonder Woman), Chris Pine as Steve Trevor, Connie Nielsen as Queen Hippolyta, Robin Wright as General Antiope, Lucy Davis as Etta Candy, David Thewlis as Sir Patrick Morgan, Elena Anaya as Doctor Isabel Maru (Doctor Poison), and Danny Huston as General Erich Ludendorff.
Justice League unites on November 17, 2017. The superhero epic features a cast that includes Ben Affleck as Bruce Wayne (Batman), Henry Cavill as Kal-El/Clark Kent (Superman), Gal Gadot as Diana Prince (Wonder Woman), Jason Momoa as Orin/Arthur Curry (Aquaman), Ezra Miller as Barry Allen (The Flash), Ray Fisher as Victor Stone (Cyborg), Ciarán Hinds as Steppenwolf, Amy Adams as Lois Lane, Willem Dafoe as Nuidis Vulko, Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor, Jeremy Irons as Alfred Pennyworth, Diane Lane as Martha Kent, Connie Nielsen as Queen Hippolyta, Robin Wright as General Antiope, J. K. Simmons as Commissioner James ‘Jim' Gordon, Joe Morton as Dr. Silas Stone, Amber Heard as Mera, Billy Crudup as Dr. Henry Allen, and Kiersey Clemons as Iris West. Julian Lewis Jones and Michael McElhatton are also in the movie in unspecified roles.
Source: Box Office Mojo
Illustration: iStockphoto
Advertisement
Researchers have created an implantable chip that detects and adjusts dopamine levels in mice brains by tracing the neurotransmitter itself rather than relying on electrical signals, as most brain implants do. When the levels drop below a defined point, the device automatically sends an electrical impulse to prod neurons to release more.
Pedram Mohseni, an electrical engineer at Case Western Reserve University who led the project, likens it to a home thermostat. “A thermostat basically monitors the temperature and it turns on or off to regulate the temperature,” he says. “Our device operates the same way.”
He hopes it can someday help patients with disorders related to skewed levels of neurotransmitters. For now, his team has shown that it can successfully record and adjust dopamine levels in a mouse brain.
In a healthy person, neurotransmitters are the reliable messengers that zip signals through the brain. But having too many or too few can cause problems. That's why pharmacists dole out Prozac to boost serotonin and Ritalin to increase dopamine.
However, medicines remain an imperfect solution. Patients must remember to take them, and pills are a one-size-fits-all approach for disorders that often vary widely between patients.
For a more direct approach, Mohseni and his collaborators at Illinois State University invented a brain implant that uses a carbon fiber electrode to measure pH and the flow of dopamine nearby. A digital signal processing unit runs that information through an algorithm written to calculate changes in dopamine levels.
If levels dip below a certain point, the device sends an electrical signal to stimulate production. The device is currently programmed for dopamine, but Mohseni says its algorithm could be rewritten to track and adjust other neurotransmitters.
Harbaljit Sohal, a postdoc researcher in synthetic neurobiology at MIT, says that's “a very useful approach.” Other methods of brain stimulation have used electrical impulses to detect neurological changes, but this chip's electrode directly translates chemical signals such as pH into a precise reading of neurotransmitter production. Many of those previous methods also required manual adjustments to elevate or lower neurotrasmitter levels while the new device can automatically fine-tune them.
But Sohal expects it will be challenging to find a way to power the device and overcome interference caused by the human body's tendency to react to implants.
Dr. Brian Kopell, director of the center for neuromodulation at Mt. Sinai Hospital in New York City, says demonstrating a successful closed-loop approach in a brain implant is an achievement, but it's not clear whether detecting chemical signals will actually prove more efficient than electrical ones. “It's a nifty study,” he says. “But it's nothing that's blowing my mind.”
For the time being, Mohseni's dream of seeing his device used alongside medication to treat patients remains far off in the future. The group recently published a proof of concept of the device in which they implanted the device into a single rat to IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and Systems. Their next step will be to test it in many more animals including primates. Human trials may not take place for years.
Craig Berridge, a neurobiologist at University of Wisconsin-Madison, points out that this method only measures dopamine in real time, so wouldn't help scientists track disorders linked to high or low levels of dopamine over a long period. “It's probably going to be most useful in animal studies where we're trying to understand the role of dopamine in various neural processes,” he says.
If it does make it to human trials, the device would also only be useful for disorders for which physicians can clearly define “healthy” versus “unhealthy” levels of dopamine or other neurotransmitters. Though researchers are getting closer to describing this “therapeutic window,” as Mohseni calls it, for Parkinson's disease, their understanding is not nearly so advanced for other disorders. Addiction, for example, is far more difficult to define in this way.
Dr. Michele Tagliati, a neurologist at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, adds that degenerative disorders such as Parkinson's disease might not be a good fit either because the chip relies on its ability to stimulate healthy neurons to release dopamine.
Have You Played? is an endless stream of game recommendations. One a day, every day of the year, perhaps for all time.
The exclamation mark doesn't mean I'm shouting at you. It's part of the game's name. Originally released in 1987 (though I first played it on an Amiga in the early nineties), Pirates! was the first game to carry Meier's name in the title, although not the first game created by the statesman of strategy. It's a fine early example of open world gaming, allowing players to create a unique legacy within its ever-changing world.
Meier's latest, Starships, has little in common with Pirates! but you can't swing a pegleg without hitting a game that carries marks of its influence. Sunless Sea has some of the same saltwater in its veins, although it has mostly jettisoned minigames, replacing them with myth, mystery and memoir.
I remember how pleased I was when I mastered fencing but I never did get the hang of port raids.
The dynamic world is the game's most extraordinary feature. Major nations shifted their allegiances and engaged in hostilities from time to time, and I often felt like a piece of flotsam, tossed on waves of misfortune. It was the first time I'd believed that the actors in a game world continued to go about their business when my back was turned, and that sensation is still precious and rare.
Vice President Mike Pence "will always stand with those who stand with the president's agenda," said Alyssa Farah, a spokeswoman for his office. | Hal Yeager/Getty Images Pence doles out first contributions ahead of 2018 elections
Vice President Mike Pence is putting his imprint on the 2018 midterm elections, doling out contributions to three dozen Republican candidates — many of whom have been steadfast allies of the White House.
Pence is cutting his first batch of checks through his newly formed political action committee, Great America Committee. The vice president is giving financial support to a slate of high-profile candidates that includes Missouri Senate hopeful Josh Hawley, Nevada gubernatorial contender Adam Laxalt, and Florida Gov. Rick Scott, who is eyeing a potential Senate bid.
Story Continued Below
Not on the list: besieged Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, who is facing accusations that he engaged in sexual misconduct with teenagers when he was in his 30s.
Looking to reward those who have been loyal to the administration, Pence is wading into several prospective primaries. Among those getting checks are Tennessee Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Senate hopeful who is facing a fight for the Republican nomination, and Wyoming Sen. John Barrasso. Several potential Barrasso primary opponents have emerged, including investor Foster Friess and Blackwater founder Erik Prince.
"The vice president is grateful to those who have gone above and beyond to promote the president's policies. He will always stand with those who stand with the president's agenda," said Alyssa Farah, a Pence spokeswoman.
Morning Score newsletter Your guide to the permanent campaign — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Pence is also filling the coffers of a half-dozen members of the House Freedom Caucus, including the group's chairman, North Carolina Rep. Mark Meadows.
Several White House advisers, including political director Bill Stepien, legislative director Marc Short, counselor Kellyanne Conway and Pence chief of staff Nick Ayers, helped to craft the list of recipients.
Pence launched the political action committee earlier this year. That move that led to speculation that the vice president was looking to expand his profile ahead of a potential future national bid, something his advisers deny.
Archived - The Fiscal Monitor
A publication of the Department of Finance Archived information
Archived information is provided for reference, research or recordkeeping purposes. It is not subject to the Government of Canada Web Standards and has not been altered or updated since it was archived. Please contact us to request a format other than those available.
Highlights April and May 2015: budgetary surplus of $3.9 billion For the first two months of the 2015–16 fiscal year (April and May), there was a budgetary surplus of $3.9 billion, compared to a deficit of $1.1 billion reported in the same period last year. By month, there was a surplus of $2.5 billion in April and a surplus of $1.4 billion in May. For the two months combined, revenues increased by $5.5 billion, or 12.8 per cent, largely reflecting increases in income tax revenues, excise taxes and duties, and the gain realized on the sale of the Government's remaining holdings of General Motors common shares in April 2015. Program expenses were up $0.6 billion, or 1.5 per cent, reflecting increases in major transfers to persons and other levels of government, offset in part by a decrease in direct program expenses. Public debt charges decreased by $0.1 billion, or 2.3 per cent.
April and May 2015 budgetary results
PDF Version [271 KB] To access a Portable Document Format (PDF) file you must have a PDF reader installed. If you do not already have such a reader, there are numerous PDF readers available for free download or for purchase on the Internet
There was a budgetary surplus of $3.9 billion in the April to May 2015 period, compared to a $1.1 billion deficit for the same period in the previous year.
Revenues increased by $5.5 billion, or 12.8 per cent, to $49.1 billion.
Personal income tax revenues were up $1.9 billion, or 9.2 per cent, reflecting, in part, timing issues which raised the May 2015 results.
Corporate income tax revenues were up $0.5 billion, or 9.0 per cent.
Non-resident income tax revenues were down $0.1 billion, or 7.6 per cent.
Excise taxes and duties were up $0.6 billion, or 8.3 per cent. Within this component, Goods and Services Tax revenues were up $0.6 billion, or 11.3 per cent. Energy taxes were up $0.1 billion, customs import duties were up $46 million and other excise taxes and duties were down $0.1 billion.
Employment Insurance (EI) premium revenues were up $0.2 billion, or 3.7 per cent, reflecting growth in earnings.
Other revenues, consisting of net profits from enterprise Crown corporations, revenues of consolidated Crown corporations, revenues from sales of goods and services, returns on investments, net foreign exchange revenues and miscellaneous revenues, were up $2.4 billion, or 58.2 per cent, primarily reflecting the gain realized on the sale of the Government's remaining holdings of General Motors common shares in April 2015.
Total program expenses in the April to May 2015 period were $40.0 billion, up $0.6 billion, or 1.5 per cent, from the prior year. This increase mainly reflects higher transfer payments to persons and other levels of government, offset in part by a decrease in direct program expenses.
Major transfers to persons, consisting of elderly benefits, EI benefits and children's benefits, increased by $0.7 billion, or 5.7 per cent. Elderly benefits increased by $0.4 billion, or 4.9 per cent, due to growth in the elderly population and changes in consumer prices, to which benefits are fully indexed. EI benefit payments increased by $0.3 billion, or 10.2 per cent. Children's benefits, which consist of the Canada Child Tax Benefit and the Universal Child Care Benefit, increased by $31 million, or 1.4 per cent.
Major transfers to other levels of government consist of federal transfers in support of health and other social programs (primarily the Canada Health Transfer and the Canada Social Transfer), fiscal arrangements and other transfers (Equalization, transfers to the territories, as well as a number of smaller transfer programs), transfers to provinces on behalf of Canada's cities and communities, and the Quebec Abatement. Major transfers to other levels of government increased by $0.5 billion in the April to May period, or 4.8 per cent, from the prior year, primarily reflecting legislated growth in the Canada Health Transfer, the Canada Social Transfer and the Equalization and Territorial Formula Financing transfers.
Direct program expenses include transfer payments to individuals and other organizations not included in major transfers to persons and other levels of government, and other direct program expenses, which consist of operating expenses of departments and agencies, and expenses of Crown corporations. Direct program expenses in the April to May period were down $0.6 billion, or 3.9 per cent, from the prior year. Transfer payments decreased by $0.1 billion, or 2.7 per cent. Other direct program expenses decreased by $0.5 billion, or 4.4 per cent, due in large part to a decrease in pension and benefit costs based on the Government's latest actuarial valuations.
Public debt charges decreased by $0.1 billion, or 2.3 per cent, largely reflecting a lower average effective interest rate on the stock of interest-bearing debt.
Revenues and expenses (April 2015 to May 2015) Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.
Financial requirement of $1.4 billion for April and May 2015
The budgetary balance is presented on an accrual basis of accounting, recording government revenues and expenses when they are earned or incurred, regardless of when the cash is received or paid. In contrast, the financial source/requirement measures the difference between cash coming in to the Government and cash going out. This measure is affected not only by changes in the budgetary balance but also by the cash source/requirement resulting from the Government's investing activities through its acquisition of capital assets and its loans, financial investments and advances, as well as from other activities, including payment of accounts payable and collection of accounts receivable, foreign exchange activities, and the amortization of its tangible capital assets. The difference between the budgetary balance and financial source/requirement is recorded in non-budgetary transactions.
With a budgetary surplus of $3.9 billion and a requirement of $5.4 billion from non-budgetary transactions, there was a financial requirement of $1.4 billion for the April to May 2015 period, compared to a financial requirement of $3.6 billion from the same period the previous year.
Net financing activities up $13.5 billion
The government financed this financial requirement of $1.4 billion and increased cash balances by $12.1 billion by increasing unmatured debt by $13.5 billion. The increase in unmatured debt was achieved primarily through the issuance of marketable bonds and treasury bills. The level of cash balances varies from month to month based on a number of factors including periodic large debt maturities, which can be quite volatile on a monthly basis. Cash balances at the end of May 2015 stood at $40.1 billion, up $0.1 billion from their level at the end of May 2014.
Table 1
Summary statement of transactions
($ millions) April May April - May 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014–15 2015–16 Budgetary transactions Revenues 21,586 25,370 21,916 23,681 43,502 49,051 Expenses Program expenses -20,364 -20,298 -19,086 -19,729 -39,450 -40,027 Public debt charges -2,636 -2,528 -2,563 -2,550 -5,199 -5,078 Budgetary balance (deficit/surplus) -1,414 2,544 267 1,402 -1,147 3,946 Non-budgetary transactions -434 -585 -2,004 -4,798 -2,438 -5,383 Financial source/requirement -1,848 1,959 -1,737 -3,396 -3,585 -1,437 Net change in financing activities 11,510 6,510 5,926 7,027 17,436 13,537 Net change in cash balances 9,662 8,469 4,189 3,631 13,851 12,100 Cash balance at end of period 39,923 40,052 Notes: Positive numbers indicate net source of funds. Negative numbers indicate net requirement for funds.
Table 2
Revenues April May April - May 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014–15 2015–16 Change ($ millions) (%) Tax revenues Income taxes Personal income tax 10,462 11,111 10,013 11,243 20,475 22,354 9.2 Corporate income tax 2,826 3,417 2,886 2,811 5,712 6,228 9.0 Non-resident income tax 451 336 422 471 873 807 -7.6 Total income tax 13,739 14,864 13,321 14,525 27,060 29,389 8.6 Excise taxes and duties Goods and Services Tax 2,305 2,413 2,781 3,249 5,086 5,662 11.3 Energy taxes 416 517 443 424 859 941 9.5 Customs import duties 364 390 353 373 717 763 6.4 Other excise taxes and duties 419 408 571 511 990 919 -7.2 Total excise taxes and duties 3,504 3,728 4,148 4,557 7,652 8,285 8.3 Total tax revenues 17,243 18,592 17,469 19,082 34,712 37,674 8.5 Employment Insurance premiums 2,377 2,479 2,257 2,325 4,634 4,804 3.7 Other revenues 1,966 4,299 2,190 2,274 4,156 6,573 58.2 Total revenues 21,586 25,370 21,916 23,681 43,502 49,051 12.8 Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.
Table 3
Expenses April May April - May 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014–15 2015–16 Change ($ millions) (%) Major transfers to persons Elderly benefits 3,553 3,723 3,573 3,755 7,126 7,478 4.9 Employment Insurance benefits 1,893 1,726 1,271 1,760 3,164 3,486 10.2 Children's benefits 1,100 1,075 1,059 1,115 2,159 2,190 1.4 Total 6,546 6,524 5,903 6,630 12,449 13,154 5.7 Major transfers to other levels of government Support for health and other social programs Canada Health Transfer 2,676 2,836 2,676 2,835 5,352 5,671 6.0 Canada Social Transfer 1,048 1,080 1,049 1,080 2,097 2,160 3.0 Total 3,724 3,916 3,725 3,915 7,449 7,831 5.1 Fiscal arrangements and other transfers 1,945 2,016 1,944 2,015 3,889 4,031 3.7 Canada's cities and communities 0 0 0 0 0 0 n/a Quebec Abatement -376 -384 -376 -385 -752 -769 2.3 Total 5,293 5,548 5,293 5,545 10,586 11,093 4.8 Direct program expenses Transfer payments Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development 960 958 332 304 1,292 1,262 -2.3 Agriculture and Agri-Food 16 25 26 37 42 62 47.6 Employment and Social Development 340 328 334 313 674 641 -4.9 Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development 61 213 305 146 366 359 -1.9 Health 414 437 260 223 674 660 -2.1 Industry 220 221 132 71 352 292 -17.0 Other 785 745 682 714 1,467 1,459 -0.5 Total 2,796 2,927 2,071 1,808 4,867 4,735 -2.7 Other direct program expenses Crown corporations 702 746 485 622 1,187 1,368 15.2 National Defence 1,493 1,354 1,580 1,633 3,073 2,987 -2.8 All other departments and agencies 3,534 3,199 3,754 3,491 7,288 6,690 -8.2 Total other direct program expenses 5,729 5,299 5,819 5,746 11,548 11,045 -4.4 Total direct program expenses 8,525 8,226 7,890 7,554 16,415 15,780 -3.9 Total program expenses 20,364 20,298 19,086 19,729 39,450 40,027 1.5 Public debt charges 2,636 2,528 2,563 2,550 5,199 5,078 -2.3 Total expenses 23,000 22,826 21,649 22,279 44,649 45,105 1.0 Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.
Table 4
The budgetary balance and financial source/requirement
($ millions) April May April - May 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014–15 2015–16 Budgetary balance (deficit/surplus) -1,414 2,544 267 1,402 -1,147 3,946 Non-budgetary transactions Capital investment activities -83 -108 -120 -54 -203 -162 Other investing activities 1,443 504 1,079 -630 2,522 -126 Pension and other accounts 169 294 189 111 358 405 Other activities Accounts payable, receivables, accruals and allowances -2,231 -5,491 -3,847 -2,583 -6,078 -8,074 Foreign exchange activities -139 3,828 357 -2,022 218 1,806 Amortization of tangible capital assets 407 388 338 380 745 768 Total other activities -1,963 -1,275 -3,152 -4,225 -5,115 -5,500 Total non-budgetary transactions -434 -585 -2,004 -4,798 -2,438 -5,383 Financial source/requirement -1,848 1,959 -1,737 -3,396 -3,585 -1,437 Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.
Table 5
Financial source/requirement and net financing activities
($ millions) April May April - May 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014–15 2015–16 Financial source/requirement -1,848 1,959 -1,737 -3,396 -3,585 -1,437 Net increase (+)/decrease (-) in financing activities Unmatured debt transactions Canadian currency borrowings Marketable bonds 5,096 8,118 3,794 -1,417 8,890 6,701 Treasury bills 6,900 1,400 3,000 6,600 9,900 8,000 Retail debt -60 -40 -6 3 -66 -37 Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total 11,936 9,478 6,788 5,186 18,724 14,664 Foreign currency borrowings -93 -802 66 268 -27 -534 Total 11,843 8,676 6,854 5,454 18,697 14,130 Cross-currency swap revaluation -350 -2,287 -866 1,530 -1,216 -757 Unamortized discounts and premiums on market debt 51 158 -47 59 4 217 Obligations related to capital leases and other unmatured debt -34 -37 -15 -16 -49 -53 Net change in financing activities 11,510 6,510 5,926 7,027 17,436 13,537 Change in cash balance 9,662 8,469 4,189 3,631 13,851 12,100 Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.
Note: Unless otherwise noted, changes in financial results are presented on a year-over-year basis.
For inquiries about this publication, contact Glenn Purves at 613-369-5655.
July 2015
NEW YORK -- Nike unveiled the Kyrie 1, its first signature shoe for Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving, on Wednesday night.
"It's great to have the support of Nike and the guys who came before me, like Kobe [Bryant] and LeBron [James]," Irving said. "It makes the juice taste that much sweeter."
Being only 22, Irving said the shoe he wore most often growing up was actually the shoe made for his current teammate James.
Kyrie Irving's first signature shoe features an interlocking "KI" logo, his signature on the inside of the tongue and his number on the back of the heel. Nike
"I would always buy the LeBrons," Irving said. "I had to have them, and there were so many color ways and so many different inspirations. Now that I'm his teammate, I see where all of this comes from. He's such a smart guy."
Irving, who is in the last year of a four-year deal and signed a seven-year extension, said James was one of the first people he told when he was informed he was getting a signature shoe.
James showed up and watched in the back as the shoe was unveiled and the details on the pairs were revealed.
"It's great. I'm happy for him," James said. "I was there as a friend, as a teammate, as a brother of his. I know what it's all about. It's a different feeling for him now. It's a lot of pressure, too, for sure, to have your own signature shoe. I'm happy that he's a part of the signature guys and part of the whole Nike family. We do things like no other. We don't follow behind nobody. We lead everything and for him to be a part of it, I think it's great."
The shoe has Irving's new interlocking "KI" logo, his signature on the inside of the tongue and his number on the back of the heel.
His mother's name, Elizabeth, is etched on the sole of the shoe with her birthdate and the day she died, when Irving was 4.
"That was one of the first things I knew I wanted to put on the shoe," Irving said. "She's one of the reasons why I've come so far, why I have the drive that I do."
Underneath Irving's logo on the shoe's bottom are the letters "JBY," which stands for "Just Be You," a reminder to always stay humble.
Irving is the 20th basketball player to get a Nike signature shoe and the first player since Kevin Durant got his own model in 2007.
"It's a huge deal," James said of Irving's shoe. "We haven't had a signature guy since KD, since KD dropped his signature line and it's only a few guys in the last decade that's had a signature shoe at Nike. For him to be up there on the stage last night with Sir Charles and Penny Hardaway, two of our signature guys, it puts it all into perspective for what class he's going into. So, I think he's ready for it."
The shoe goes on sale Dec. 23 and will sell for $110.
ESPN.com's Dave McMenamin contributed to this report.
Ontario's house of labour is a house divided. But you won't glimpse any behind-the-scenes bitterness at this week's convention of the Ontario Federation of Labour. Thanks to Tim Hudak's Tories, union leaders are sticking to their story — and sticking together. But for the OFL, a storied group of unions, there is an untold tale (big labour not being big news these days, despite their week-long meeting in Toronto):
In his time of trouble, Ontario Federation of Labour president Sid Ryan owes his personal salvation to Tim Hudak's attacks on “union bosses," writes Martin Regg Cohn. ( VINCE TALOTTA / TORONTO STAR file photo )
The spectre of war with an anti-union Tory government-in-waiting has brought internal peace to unionists at war with themselves. Nothing like an external opponent to keep internal enemies in line. Maverick OFL president Sid Ryan won re-election unchallenged Tuesday, dodging the bullet fired by dissident unionists plotting his ouster a few months ago. The OFL has been in turmoil since Ryan took power four years ago — its treasury bleeding money, its senior staff licking their wounds, its member unions nursing grievances. Looking into the parlous state of its finances, a stark auditor's report this year warned that the OFL might not be able to continue as a “going concern.” After decades in existence, the umbrella group represents more than 1 million workers from 54 unions, but two of the province's biggest — the Ontario Nurses' Association and the Ontario Public Service Employees Union — have pulled out and stopped paying dues in protest.
Article Continued Below
Against that backdrop, Bob Linton of the private sector UFCW union, backed by the United Steelworkers, tested the choppy waters of an OFL leadership campaign fight. But he found a fierce opponent in Ryan, an enduring figure in the labour movement who took the helm of the OFL by acclamation in 2009. Ryan marshalled the backing of bigger unions that lacked the appetite for an untimely internal war. Linton's candidacy was stillborn, and Ryan's leadership reborn. Now the OFL can present a united front as it tries to rally a demoralized union movement in anticipation of a final confrontation with the opposition Progressive Conservatives. In his convention speech, Ryan targeted the Tories for mounting an “unprecedented attack on workers' rights and wages” that would bring U.S.-style “right-to-work” laws to Ontario: “Tell your brothers and sisters the truth: Tim Hudak's policies will reduce the power of workers in the workplace.” As is his wont, Ryan shifted to the rhetoric of crusader-orator: “Brothers and sisters, it's time for a People's Agenda for Ontario,” he exhorted, citing the need for a “Common Front” with anti-poverty groups.
It is Ryan's zeal for marginalized groups that marks him as a high-profile activist. To his critics, he is the embodiment of a movement that would rather be in the margins than the mainstream. The OFL has been riven by such tensions ever since the wage freezes imposed by Bob Rae's NDP government and fights with the Mike Harris Tories in the 1990s. After years of internecine carping, the bigger unions wanted to keep the focus on a future PC government. And so, in his time of trouble, Sid Ryan owes his personal salvation to Tim Hudak's attacks on “union bosses.”
Article Continued Below
Now, many Progressive Conservatives are having second thoughts about the anti-union strategy. At their September policy convention, rank and file members openly questioned him about contentious proposals to let workers opt out of paying dues or joining unions. Less than half of Tory delegates wanted to make the right to work strategy a key campaign plank. Nick Kouvalis, the right-wing political consultant who organized Rob Ford's winning mayoral campaign, believes Hudak has opened a wedge against himself. Writing in QP Briefing (a Torstar daily newsletter), Kouvalis argued that union-bashing is “not a winner with the general population” or the Tory base. The PC “union bosses narrative” will only alienate voters at a time of growing economic anxiety. And Hudak's handiwork is reviving the moribund Working Families coalition — an ad hoc grouping of major labour unions that bankrolls anti-Tory ads at election time, Kouvalis warned. Now, the OFL convention stands as another example of the unintended consequences of Hudak's attacks. An anti-union narrative has wrought newfound unity in a long divided labour movement — misfiring with the middle class and firing up the working class. Martin Regg Cohn's provincial affairs column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday. mcohn@thestar.ca , Twitter: @reggcohn
2011 proved to be a great year for all things DIY, from repurposed and updated technology to computer building to cool things you can make for your own enjoyment. Here's a look at our most popular do-it-yourself projects and posts this year.
Advertisement
With the rapid progression of technology each year, it's easy to accumulate a pile of obsolete gadgets that you just can't bear to get rid of. So don't! Here are our top 10 ways you can take the retired gadgets you've already got and turn them into something that has a solid place in the future. More »
Top 10 Space-Saving Household Projects Whether you live in a tiny apartment or just have too much stuff, there's likely a lot of… Read more Read
Advertisement
Whether you live in a tiny apartment or just have too much stuff, there's likely a lot of space you aren't using, like your walls, your ceilings, or the nooks and crannies in your furniture. More »
Advertisement
We've shown you how to build a Hackintosh with enough power to rival a Mac Pro, but for those of you who want a still powerful Mac on a budget you can build a Hack Mini. Here's how. More »
Advertisement
For less than $10 you can make a one-of-a-kind lamp that commemorates your personal history or other past events. Creative lighting aside, this quick project also finally finds a use for those old 35mm negatives you have lying around. More »
Advertisement
Top 10 Headphone Hacks Ever since the days of the Walkman, our headphones have been a staple of our backpacks. Here our… Read more Read
Ever since the days of the Walkman, our headphones have been a staple of our backpacks. Here our our top 10 hacks for increasing their sound quality, making them more comfortable, and carrying them around hassle-free. More »
Advertisement
If you have a neighbor that's playing their music too loudly, you can get them back by hijacking their speakers with a little DIY project. More »
Advertisement
Things break down, whether due to accidents, negligence, or just plain wear and tear. Instead of shelling out for an expensive repair or replacement, though, you can often fix the problem yourself for much less. More »
Advertisement
If you need a small pick me up in the middle of the day but don't have an actual shower available, this frozen "shower to go" can get off some of the day's grime. More »
Advertisement
Building a hackintosh-that is, installing Mac OS X on non-Apple hardware-used to require extremely restricted hardware choices and quite a bit of know-how. More »
Advertisement
If you want high-quality music but don't feel like shelling out hundreds of dollars for a decent pair of headphones, blogger Stacy D shows us how to turn a cheap pair of knock-offs into a legit set of audiophile headphones. More »
Advertisement
Reader Ryan Mottau built this awesome DIY smartphone car mount using our favorite DIY wonder-tool, the binder clip. Here's how he did it. More »
Advertisement
Advertisement
While there are plenty of great products on the market, buying what's available to you means playing by the rules of the manufacturers. Sometimes the only way to get the product or service you're after is to create it yourself. More »
Advertisement
A few months back we took you to night school and walked you through building your own computer from scratch. What we didn't do at the time is give you a smuggest parts list for that new computer. In this post-which we'll update regularly as prices and components change-we'll walk you through the parts and hardware we'll need for the best of two different system builds: a mid-range PC for those on a budget, and an enthusiast's system for gamers and media professionals. More »
Advertisement
At its most basic, Network attached storage, or NAS, is a great way to share files on your local network. But it's also a perfect solution for backing up your computers, streaming media across your home network, or even torrenting files to a central server. If you have an aging computer lying around, you can turn it into a NAS for for free with the open-source FreeNAS operating system. Here's how. More »
Advertisement
If you're still cruising around in a car with an old stereo, that doesn't mean you're stuck with old technology. Blogger and DIYer Kevin Roof dreamt of the ability to wirelessly stream his music library to his deck, so he hacked in stereo Bluetooth support. More »
Advertisement
There you have it. It's been a great year for DIY projects, and it looks like you like your top tens and hackintoshes this time around. Whether your favorite of the year made the list or not, we'd love to hear about the DIY project you loved most in the comments. Here's to a great 2011, makers! And if you're still hungry for DIY, take a gander at the most popular how-to guides of 2010, 2009, and 2008.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has backed himself to be a better player when he makes his Manchester United comeback.
Ibrahimovic has not played since April but is expected back from a knee injury before the end of the year.
And despite turning 36 last month, the striker is confident he can rediscover the form that saw him score 28 goals for United last season.
"The first thing I said to myself was giving up is not an alternative. I have come this far and I will finish on my terms, not anyone else's," he said in a promotional video for Volvo.
"I will stop when I want, in the way I want. Since then I have been in rehab training. I'm determined to return better and stronger than before. That is my goal and it will happen. There are no other options."
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has not played since April due to injury. Alex Broadway - The FA/The FA via Getty Images
With Ibrahimovic still recovering in the summer, United signed Romelu Lukaku as a replacement. Lukaku has taken the No. 9 shirt while Ibrahimovic will wear No. 10 when he returns.
And the former Sweden international hinted that No. 10 might also be his position in Jose Mourinho's team after leading the line last season.
He added: "To me, No. 10 is the star. The one who makes the difference, gets noticed, wins the matches and is the leader. And I see myself in that position. But it is not something that is given to you, it is just something you are, that's just the way it is.
"To be honest, it is like a trigger for me coming back from that injury. Because I wore the No. 10 on the Swedish national team and PSG. I would have worn it at Inter [Milan] but I soon moved to Barcelona.
"I wanted it in Milan but took another number out of respect. In Ajax I didn't have it. I feel like a 10 and I stand for No. 10. It will go down in history that I always had No. 10."
Bernie Sanders has long described himself as a democratic socialist, but as a senator from the progressive and lightly populated Vermont, it never made many ripples nationwide.
But with Sanders now surging and presenting a real threat to Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination, he is nearing a need to address the word that many Americans equate with something very un-American.
Now Sanders is planning to do just that. The candidate said on Sunday that he will be giving a major speech defining his belief in democratic socialism, a move that political followers see as an attempt to take the sting out of the S-word and better define his views.
Bernie Sanders has said that many Americans fail to understand that principles of socialism are already at work in programs like Medicare.
“I think there are a lot of people who, when they hear the word ‘socialist,' get very, very nervous,” Sanders said at a campaign stop in Iowa (via the Associated Press).
“What we're probably going to do to begin with is hold a major speech in the not-too-distant future to define exactly what I mean by democratic socialism. To me, democratic socialism means democracy. It means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people in the country,” Sanders added.
Sanders said he has some explaining and work in getting around the stigma that has existed for decades, but believes the address will help Americans understand how socialism is no longer a boogeyman. He noted that the public library, fire department or police department are all socialist institutions, and that socialist economic programs have been successfully introduced in other democratic nations.
Bernie Sanders has not endorsed the form of socialism most Americans associate with the Cold War and USSR, which includes things like government takeover of private industry. But he has painted the issue as one of fairness, saying that the political process and economy has too long been tilted toward the rich.
“What democratic socialism means to me,” Sanders said during a recent speech in New Hampshire (via the Washington Post), “is having a government which represents all people, rather than just the wealthiest people, which is most often the case right now in this country.”
Sanders has taken that same ideal into his fundraising. After last week's debate, his campaign drew in more than $3 million in just a few days, nearly all of it from small donations.
“Right now there are many pundits who believe that the only way a candidate can run a successful campaign is to have a super PAC, get down on one's knees before the millionaires and billionaires — beg them for money,” Sanders said at a fundraising event in Los Angeles this week (via CNN). “And what we are showing is we can run a people-oriented campaign funded by the people.”
The message permeates through Sanders' campaign speeches, and even social media, as he has struck a populist tone.
It's time to give our youth the future they deserve. A photo posted by Bernie Sanders (@berniesanders) on Sep 27, 2015 at 5:16pm PDT
The speech could be coming at the right time for Bernie Sanders. After this week's Democratic presidential debate, his message has been introduced to its widest audience yet. The majority of internet polls taken after the debate called Sanders the winner, despite most pundits saying Hillary Clinton came out on top, and Sanders gained more than 50,000 new followers across social media.
With the new surge in attention and his stature rising, Bernie Sanders has decided to define democratic socialism and take the punch out of what could become a potent line of attack against him. The timing could be important, with Sanders needing to continue rising in polls and support if he were to pose a real threat to Hillary Clinton.
[Image via Instagram/Bernie Sanders]
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201603/1627/1155968404_4804003923001_video-still-for-video-4803786276001.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Trump: I consult myself on foreign policy
Donald Trump finally shared the name of someone he consults on foreign policy: himself.
Asked on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” who he talks with consistently about foreign policy, Trump responded, “I'm speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I've said a lot of things."
"I know what I'm doing and I listen to a lot of people, I talk to a lot of people and at the appropriate time I'll tell you who the people are," Trump said. “But my primary consultant is myself and I have a good instinct for this stuff."
The New York real estate mogul has kept mum on his foreign policy team, despite promising in early February to release a list of his advisers in “about two weeks."
Trump was also asked on Wednesday morning if his foreign policy was “neoisolationist,” to which he responded “I wouldn't say that at all.”
The Constitution prohibits cruel and unusual punishment. This applies to those who have been convicted of a crime and those who are accused of a crime. PFC Manning, who faces criminal charges for leaking government documents to WikiLeaks, has had this Constitutional right violated. Last night, PFC Manning was ordered to strip naked in front of corrections officers in a Quantico holding facility. Manning's clothing, including his boxer shorts, were confiscated.
The order came directly from the Duty Brig Supervisor (DBS) at the Quantico detention center where Manning is being held. Manning is currently being held under the Prevention of Injury (“POI”) protocol. This means that he is isolated and under constant surveillance. He allegedly joked that if he wanted to harm himself he could do so with a pair of flip-flops and underwear. Shortly thereafter, the DBS ordered Manning to strip naked and confiscated all clothing. He was forced to sleep naked in his cell for the next 7 hours.
At 5:00 the next morning, the routine wake-up call sounded. Manning was still unclothed. The DBS arrived and walked through the holding facility to count the detainees. Manning was instructed to sit on the bed in his cell. Ten minutes later a guard arrived with his clothing. He was then permitted to get dressed. However, the clothing was returned with the promise that they would be taken again that evening.
Forcing an inmate to strip naked in front of detention facility guards and to remain naked for an entire night's sleep is unconscionable. This is not behavior that should be considered normal nor permissible. There is no justification for acting in this way. Forcing an inmate to strip naked is essentially just a way to embarrass him.
The DBS claims that the measure was taken for Manning's protection, and not as a way to punish him for the crimes that he has been accused of committing. However, Manning is the only detainee who has been subjected to this type of isolation and humiliation. The Navy Corrections Manual dictates procedure for the Quantico facility where Manning is held. The Manual states that it is permissible for clothing to be removed from prisoners who have threatened to commit suicide or who have made a suicidal gesture. It is important to note that Manning was not placed on suicide watch. However, Manning was forced to endure this suicide-watch related treatment.
This is merely the latest in a series of events that have been designed to degrade and humiliate a detainee who has not been convicted of a crime. If Manning were truly considered to be a threat to himself, the detention facility should have taken more substantial steps to ensure his safety. Forcing him to strip and sleep naked is a violation of his rights and a window into the terrible conditions under which he is being detained.
https://armycourtmartialdefense.info
The latest milestone release of OpenStack, the open source cloud platform project that's become a centerpiece of both Red Hat's and Canonical's cloud-building efforts, is out. But as advanced as this release is over its predecessors, a few key integrations for OpenStack remain as future to-do items -- and there's tension between the pace of OpenStack releases and the curve of its overall adoption.
Code-named "Icehouse," the newest OpenStack release (ninth in all) comes fairly shortly after the previous major release, "Havana," which dropped in October 2013. That version added major changes to OpenStack's networking, orchestration, and metering systems for better functionality to the service providers who have become some of OpenStack's most vaunted adopters.
The base of Icehouse contributors has grown 32 percent since Havana, and many of the changes "[reflect] a community-wide effort to bring the voice of the user into [OpenStack]," according to the company. Among the new changes this time around that are vaunted as being user-centric:
Live upgrades: With previous editions of OpenStack, an entire OpenStack cloud would have to be shut down in order to roll out upgrades. Icehouse now makes it possible to "upgrade controller infrastructure first, and subsequently upgrade individual compute nodes without requiring downtime of the entire cloud to complete," according to the OpenStack wiki. The current iteration of this feature provides live upgrades in a limited way, but the migration process was a commonly cited stumbling block for OpenStack adoption; having some amelioration for it is a positive step.
Federated identity: Multiple OpenStack nodes can now be logged into with a single ID provided through the federated identity system Shibboleth. This was a feature requested by none other than Europe's physics research institute CERN, which switched from OpenNebula to OpenStack as of 2013.
Trove: Originally known as "Project Red Dwarf," Trove is a new OpenStack component designed to allow management of database resources. MySQL, for instance, can be managed through Trove so that MySQL users and schemas can be manipulated via Trove's API. Support for other database technologies is on the way as well, including NoSQL systems like MongoDB, Couchbase, and Cassandra.
Object storage replication: OpenStack's Swift object storage system has a new replication mechanism, called ssync, that intercepts requests coming in and out of Swift and syncing in a more intelligent manner than the existing rsync-powered mechanism.
Most of OpenStack's greatest challenges are a matter of the market rather than technology; specifically, it's having difficulty finding adoption on the same level as Amazon or other cloud services. Various success stories continue to pour in -- Red Hat recently announced a slew of major OpenStack wins with various companies and educational institutions -- but the product still shows its strongest uptake with those who are already committed to supporting and developing it, and not in enterprises generally. The question isn't whether OpenStack can grow into that over time, but rather whether it can do so before public cloud providers become the standard.
Another ongoing challenge for OpenStack -- one that won't be solved directly by the introduction of new features -- is the challenge posed by economies of scale when competing against public clouds. NASA dropped out of OpenStack after conducting its own assay of the cost effectiveness of the project and found public clouds were a better deal. The most recent round of price slashing and feature packing by three of the biggest cloud vendors shows they're determined to remain in both the public and private cloud game, at least in terms of pure value for money.
None of this seems to have deterred the rush to pack more features into OpenStack, though. The "Juno" release, set for later this year, will roll in possibly the biggest and most influential addition to OpenStack yet: support for Hadoop by way of the Sahara project. The folks at OpenStack will have their work cut out for them, given how many other companies are now offering Hadoop as a feature-complete data management solution and not simply as an element to be orchestrated.
This story, "OpenStack's latest release keeps the DIY private cloud features coming," was originally published at InfoWorld.com. Get the first word on what the important tech news really means with the InfoWorld Tech Watch blog. For the latest developments in business technology news, follow InfoWorld.com on Twitter.
A Panda eating Bamboo Ailuropoda melanoleuca Bai Bao (White Leapord)
Fiery Fox
Shi Ti Shou (Iron Eating Beast)
Shining Cat
Cat Bear
Black and White Bear
The Giant Panda is one of the most misunderstood animals on the planet. For many years, it was believed to be a type of racoon, like the similarly named red panda. However, genetics testing and observation have revealed that the panda is in fact, a bear. It has several adaptations that make it unusual. First is the fact that it has six digits on the front paws, giving it an opposable thumb ideal for holding onto the stalks of bamboo which it consumes in great amounts. The genitalia of the male are rear-pointing and small which is also decidedly unbearish, and much more like those of the red panda. It has only been since 1995 that the Panda has been officially considered a bear.
Typical pandas have a large head, and distinct white and black coloration which contrasts sharply with the deep green of their natural habitat. Pandas can only be found in six tiny regions in southwest China. These places are along the Tibetan plateau in Sichuan, Gansu, and Shaanzi provinces. Combined, these areas are less than 5,400 square miles of very high altitude (4,000-11,500 ft.) mountain forests grown thick with patches of more than 30 species of bamboo. The bears themselves have home ranges from 1.8 to 3.3 square miles. The territories of the males often overlap those of a number of females.
Newborn pandas weigh between 3 and 5 ounces. Males grow to 190-275 pounds and 64-76 inches in length, with females being slightly smaller and lighter at 155-220 pounds. They reach sexual maturity between ages 4 1/2 to 6 1/2 years and mate once during the spring months of March, April, and May. The females are in estrus for anywhere from 1 to 3 weeks, but are only really receptive for a few days of that time. During August and September, pregnant females give birth to anywhere from one to three cubs, with one being the more common. The cubs are weaned at nine months, but often stay with their mothers for more than two years.
Like most bears, pandas are solitary animals. Females with cubs being the only exception. They mark their territories by scratching trees and by rubbing a musky anogenital gland against rocks and trees. Additionally, they communicate with different vocalizations. Scientists have identified 11 distince calls, but cannot identify the exact function of all of them.
Pandas are quite vegitarian, making bamboo 99% of their diet. Adults can eat anywhere between 26 and 33 pounds of it in a day, and with soft new shoots up to 84 pounds! Incredibly, that's almost 40% of their body weight! Ocassionally they consume meat and some other plants.
Originally published Jan. 29, 2009.
Advertisement
I have a new kid, so I won't be going to any Super Bowl party this week. This doesn't bother me much, because all I truly need to enjoy the Super Bowl is the game, food, alcohol, and a spank break at the end of a quarter. I don't really need unwanted socializing awkwardly jammed into the mix. But if you, Good Spinners, are having a party this week, you'd best follow these guidelines:
If there are people at your party who don't know shit about football, they better fucking all be women. I don't actually mind having football newbies at a Super Bowl party. It helps make me look like I know way more about the game than I actually do. "You see that there, little lady? That's the cornerback. He mans up against the wide receiver to prevent him from catching the ball. By the way, my cock is so large, I can troll for marlin with it."
But I'll be damned if I'm explaining the game to some dipshit asshole fuckface GUY who doesn't know anything about what's going on. "The Steelers are usually pretty good, aren't they?" Yeah, asshole. They are. Now fuck off. I don't ask you stupid questions at your beat poetry reading.
Advertisement
You must have a high definition television. Guests are legally allowed to shoot the TV if you're subjecting them to standard definition.
You must have enough seating for all guests, and clear sightlines to the screen. And that seating has to be comfortable. The $10 plastic wok chair you bought at Ikea doesn't count.
Do not mix partisan guests and nonpartisan guests. Don't invite two diehard Steeler fans to a party with 40 other people. The other 38 guests will annoy the Steeler fans, and the Steeler fans will annoy the other 38 guests. Make it nothing but one team's fans, or make it an entirely neutral crowd.
Advertisement
Buy three times the amount of food and alcohol you need.
Make the volume of the TV loud enough to shut down any potential conversation. If people want to have a free range discussion during the game, they can do it in the fucking kitchen.
Buy a plunger. Especially if I'm at your party. When the game is over, my cargo bay doors fly right open.
Advertisement
Unless you are a fan of one of the teams, do not decorate your place for the occasion.
Mandatory food items: Wings, Nacho Cheese Doritos, Nachos, chips and salsa, chili (recipe below), guacamole, eight foot long italian sub, cookies, jar of frosting with spoon in it (for me only), hooker covered in barbecue sauce.
Have weed handy in case the game goes to shit. Hugely improved the Colts-Bears Super Bowl for me.
Advertisement
You must instantly give an capsule review of any ad that comes on during the telecast. "The fuck is EDS? That was retarded."
You must have Super Bowl boxes or some other sort of gambling pool ready to go. Because if the game sucks, and you DON'T have weed, then I better damn well be able to lose some money.
No spaghetti sauce orgies until the game is over
No fucking kids
No kids fucking
If you have a yard large enough to accommodate an outdoor boxing ring, you must rent one.
Advertisement
No ethnic food. What are those, samosas? Fuck you. If it's not featured on the appetizer menu at an Applebee's or some other purveyor of horrifyingly unhealthy American cuisine, it doesn't belong here.
Supporters of the winning team may fire guns in the air if they like.
Always keep a separate room to stage monkey fights in.
And finally, your Super Bowl party is not really a party. It's just you hosting a game. Stay the fuck out of the way of the game. No one cares if you threw a great social event or not. You're just the sap who made brownies, bought beer, and opened your door. Don't try and upstage the game. Or I'll brain you to death with your own remote.
Two almost simultaneous earthquakes were detected in northern Grand Prairie and northern Irving just before 7 a.m. Saturday.
E-mails from viewers have said they felt tremors around 6:55 am.
The Grand Prairie quake measured 2.5 magnitude, while the Irving quake came in at 2.7, according to the U.S. Geological Survey Web site.
The ground shook in the same general areas as on Friday, when tremors of 2.5 magnitude set off car alarms. Most of the Dallas area didn't feel the shocks, but they caused 911 switchboards to light up with calls from the quakes' immediate vicinity.
Euless Police dispatchers say they've recieved over 50 calls so far from people in that city that felt the latest quake. The 911 operators said no damage was reported.
Geophysicist John Bellini of the National Earthquake Information Center in Golden, Colo., said the quakes are too small to be attributed to a specific geological fault or formation. He said the quakes could continue for days or up to three weeks.
The USGS says they've monitored at least 6 aftershocks from the Oct. 31st earthquake.
RESOURCES:
11/1/08 Quake:
USGS North Texas Earthquake Information
6:54 a.m. Quake Information from USGS
10/31/08 Quake:
11:25 p.m. Quake Information from USGS
12:01 a.m. Quake Information from USGS
Texas Earthquake History
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth
Via CBS
That's A'Shawn Robinson, horrifying Alabama defensive tackle who's apparently very good at jumping.
Not only did he clear the LSU line with total ease, he had enough spring left in him to pop right back up and consume the football. That might sound easy, but bringing that much thunder down onto mere earth would result in a crater for most, or at least a flat landing. Robinson maintained enough body control to make himself light as a feather.
The only solution here is to never kick an extra point, I guess.
"He always wanted to win the Heisman," his sister has said. "That was his thing."
Probably not, but we have another trophy he's up for now. (The award's supposed to be for offense-y stuff, but his hand touched the ball, and you're not my real dad.)
* * *
SB Nation presents: The race for the Piesman Trophy
In 1990, breast cancer, diabetes, stroke, and other noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) represented roughly a quarter of the total amount of death and disability in poorer nations, as measured in disability-adjusted life-years (DALYs). In 2040, that number is expected to jump to as high as 80 percent in some low-income countries. At that point, the burden of noncommunicable diseases in Bangladesh, Ethiopia, and Myanmar will be roughly the same as it will be in rich nations such as the United States. The difference, of course, is that the same shift from infectious diseases to noncommunicable diseases took roughly three to four times as long in those wealthy nations.
Greater attention is being paid in poorer nations to the role of obesity, tobacco use, air pollution, and other major health risks in the rise of cancers, diabetes, and other noncommunicable diseases. Rightly so. More investment in preventing the adoption of unhealthful habits is critical to slowing the increase of noncommunicable diseases in lower-income countries.
The rise of noncommunicable diseases in lower-income countries is not, however, merely a by-product of worsening diets and unhealthy lifestyles. The figure below is adapted from a recent article in Health Affairs and breaks down the expected contributions of three factors to the overall burden from noncommunicable diseases. Epidemiological change refers to how much death and disability noncommunicable diseases cause for every one thousand people in a region or country income group. Population growth is the expected change in the number of people living in a country. Population aging is the expected change in the median age of the population of a country due to factors such as declining fertility rates or rising life expectancies.
The good news is that the rates of death and disability from noncommunicable diseases are decreasing in every region of the world. These improvements are due to better treatment, improved prevention, or some combination of both. The bad news is that the modest improvement is not keeping pace with the dramatic demographic changes—the population aging and growth— that are occurring in the poorer regions of the world.
The number of adults in poorer countries is increasing rapidly, as is adults' share of the overall population. In Bangladesh, for example, the median age increased from nineteen to twenty-six years old between 1990 and 2015. Over the same time, its population grew nearly 50 percent. Bangladesh has thirty-eight million more adults between the ages of twenty-five and sixty-four than it did twenty-five years ago. This dramatic demographic change is accelerating the shift in lower-income countries from the infectious, neonatal, and nutritional diseases that disproportionately affect children to the noncommunicable diseases that mostly afflict adults.
The expected pace and scale of the shift in the disease burden to noncommunicable diseases require building different and better funded health-care systems than currently exist in many lower-income nations. Poorer countries have historically focused on acute care for infants, women around the time of childbirth, and infectious diseases such as malaria. Diabetes, most cancers, and cardiovascular diseases are chronic and costly to treat, and require health-care infrastructure and skilled health workers to do so. The government of an average lower-income country spends $23 per person annually on health (adjusting for purchasing power). By contrast, the U.S. government annually spends $3,860 per person on health and the UK government spends $2,695. Most health services and medicines in poorer nations are purchased out of pocket by patients or provided by foreign donors rather than the government. But only 2 percent of overall global health aid goes to address noncommunicable diseases. And almost all of that small amount has been devoted to prevention, not treatment, of noncommunicable diseases.
Mamunur Rashid/NurPhoto via Getty Images Patients admitted to the National Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases hospital in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The health-care systems in most lower-income nations are ill prepared for the speed and scale of the shift in their health burden to NCDs. LinkedIn Email Share Share
A recently released Health Affairs index systematically assesses the preparedness of 172 national health systems for the increasing toll of cancers, heart diseases, and other noncommunicable diseases. This index was constructed according to World Health Organization principles for building health systems. It uses data, validated by an independent third party, to assess the availability of the health-care infrastructure and services, skilled health workforce, total health expenditure, and implementation of tobacco control policies as a proxy for prevention. The figure below shows the results.
Countries that are expected to experience the largest increases in death and disability from noncommunicable diseases (the y-axis) are also the least prepared for them (the x-axis). The countries that are facing a potential crisis from noncommunicable diseases are those in the upper right corner of the figure. Health systems of sub-Saharan African nations perform particularly poorly on this index, as do the health systems of a few other lower-income countries (such as Bangladesh and India) that are unprepared for the rise of noncommunicable diseases.
With little access to preventive and primary care, working-age people in lower-income nations are more likely to develop and receive late diagnoses for breast and cervical cancer, hypertension, and other noncommunicable diseases. Without access to chronic care and with limited resources to pay for medical treatment out of pocket, working-age people in those lower-income countries are more likely to become disabled or die at a young age.
Cancers, stroke, diabetes, and other noncommunicable diseases are global problems, but their impact increasingly depends on the wealth of the country in which the patient lives. In rich nations, the increases in death and disability from these diseases are expected to occur mostly among people over the age of seventy, with death and disability decreasing in younger people. The opposite is true in the poorest nations.
In low-income countries, the toll from noncommunicable diseases is expected to surge in all age groups but especially among working-age adults (ages twenty-five to sixty-four years). In lower-middle-income countries, such as Kenya or Vietnam, the increase in death and disability from noncommunicable diseases will be the most dramatic in people older than thirty-five years.
Kevin Frayer/Getty Images Chinese students stretch for swimming in Beijing. More investment is needed to prevent and reduce the unhealthy lifestyles that spur NCDs, but few countries, poor or wealthy, have managed to lower health risks such as childhood obesity. LinkedIn Email Share Share
Reductions in obesity, fast-food consumption, and pollution are critically important, but they are not substitutes for a robust and cost-effective health system that can enable poorer nations to respond to the staggering rise in premature death and disability from noncommunicable diseases. More investment and public attention is needed to develop cheaper ways to elevate primary care as the main platform for responding to noncommunicable diseases in the health systems of these lower-income nations. Understanding the speed, scale, and drivers of the shift to noncommunicable diseases at the country level and estimating the preparedness of health systems for that shift is important for the health planning, budgeting, and policy formulation of national governments and donors. The time to act is now.
This interactive is one in a series of data interactives that CFR is producing on the changes occurring in global health and their broader implications for societies and economies. The second one, The Future of Global Health Is Urban Health, argues that rapidly urbanizing low-income countries will need to address the health and environmental challenges of urban lives. This interactive was made possible by a generous grant from Bloomberg Philanthropies. The statements made and views expressed are solely the responsibility of the author. The Council on Foreign Relations takes no institutional positions on policy issues and has no affiliation with the U.S. government.
House Republicans want the IRS to pay for targeting political groups and are pushing legislation that would cut the tax collecting agency's budget by $3 billion -- nearly a quarter of what it received last fiscal year.
The House Appropriations Committee is scheduled to start “marking up” the spending bill Wednesday.
While it's unlikely that such a severe cut will pass both congressional chambers, it does give lawmakers another opportunity to verbally punish the agency for unfairly scrutinizing conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status.
The bill would place additional restrictions on spending at the IRS and prohibit employees from implementing the individual mandate in the Affordable Care Act – commonly referred to as ObamaCare. It also bans conferences, the production of videos and curbs what lawmakers see as a number of abuses at the IRS.
The fiscal 2014 spending bill figures were released Tuesday by House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rep. Hal Rogers. The legislation would give $9 billion to the IRS - $4 billion less than what President Obama requested and $3 billion less than what House Republicans gave last year. In fiscal 2013, the agency's budget was around $12 billion.
More On This...
The cuts aren't sitting well with the National Treasury Employees Union which represents 150,000 employees in 31 agencies and departments.
President Colleen Kelley says that the 24 percent cut in funding would take the agency's budget back to the level it was more than a decade ago.
“In terms of the ability of the IRS to meet its mission on behalf of the American people, such a budget would absolutely devastate the agency,” Kelley said in a written statement.
Kelley also argues that the tax agency should not be penalized because a May 14 audit by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration “found no evidence of intentional wrongdoing or political motivation on the part of IRS employees in the tax-exempt division.”
Texas Rep. Kevin Brady isn't buying it.
“I can't think of a federal agency in a weaker position than the IRS,” he said. “The IRS should resign itself to not getting more money.”
Separately, acting IRS Commissioner Danny Werfel told workers in an email that he is canceling annual bonuses for managers because of sequestration cuts. The union's collective bargaining agreement calls for about $70 million in performance bonuses this year, but there is a clause that could enable the IRS to renegotiate.
Fox News' Chad Pergram contributed to this report.
By of the
Gov. Scott Walker's former county spokeswoman has been granted immunity as part of the ongoing John Doe probe into activities during Walker's tenure as county executive.
Fran McLaughlin, now the spokeswoman for Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr., was given immunity Thursday in exchange for her testimony in the secret probe.
McLaughlin was the communications director for Walker from 2007 to 2010, when he won his first term as governor. She is the 13th individual granted immunity in the case.
Records show that McLaughlin was given immunity after she invoked her Fifth Amendment right not to answer questions to avoid self-incrimination. Earlier this month, Democratic lawyer David Halbrooks was given immunity after doing the same.
Michael A.I. Whitcomb, the lawyer for McLaughlin, declined further comment.
As part of the John Doe, prosecutors have charged three former Walker aides, an appointee and a major campaign contributor.
The Atlanta Falcons don't look like a team that is going to fade away this time around. The team's 43-28 win in Tampa Thursday night gives the team breathing room in the NFC South. Here's what we learned:
1. No team makes picking up 20 yards look simpler than the Falcons. The ease and precision with which Matt Ryan operates the Falcons' offense shouldn't take away from what he's accomplishing. Thursday night's 343-yard, four-touchdown performance showed a quarterback completely in command of his offense.
Ryan anticipates so well, delivering the ball before his receivers make breaks in their routes. Ryan delivers chunk plays in droves, spreading the ball around, with six different receivers catching a pass over 20 yards. The MVP race between Ryan and Tom Brady is on.
2. Jameis Winston left Thursday's game with a knee injury midway through the fourth quarter. He was seen walking on the sideline after taking a vicious shot at the goal line trying to score on a two point conversion, but the injury shouldn't keep him out of next week's game.
"I feel great. I feel great," Winston said after the game.
This game was Winston's season in a nutshell. He made a handful of "wow" plays, including an insane left-handed completion after getting hit from his blindside. After a fast start, the Bucs lost a few fumbles and the offense moved the ball sporadically with very little running game. Winston has mostly done his part in a terrible situation, but he's not good enough yet to carry a franchise like this. Perhaps no young quarterback would be.
3. The biggest difference between these two teams was the pass rush. While Matt Ryan had no trouble surveying the field all night, Bucs left tackle Donovan Smith was tortured by Falcons pass rushers Adrian Clayborn and Vic Beasley. Atlanta's defense is quietly coming together with rookie safety Keanu Neal, rookie linebacker Deion Jones and second-year nose tackle Grady Jarrett all coming into their own.
It wouldn't be a surprise if this defense is playing much better by the end of the season.
4. Bucs coach Dirk Koetter made a curious decision early in the second quarter that might have said a lot about how he views his defense. He allowed the Falcons to kick a 41-yard field goal rather than accept a penalty that would have forced Atlanta back 15 yards for a third-and-22.
That's a tacit admission that giving up three points was a win for the Bucs' defense and he was worried about letting Atlanta convert such a difficult third down. His lack of confidence makes sense. The Falcons scored on eight of their 10 possessions, losing a fumble and punting once.
5. The Bucs' defense was on the field for more than 90 plays in their overtime loss to Oakland. It showed up Thursday, as it looked like a tired unit. This is a Bucs squad that is lucky to be 3-5. The defense ranks among the worst units in football and the offense has suffered too many injuries, especially at running back.
6. As Julio Jones explained after the game, he was double covered for most of a quiet first half. The Falcons scored on nearly every possession. So the Bucs decided to let rookie Vernon Hargreaves try to check Jones to start the second half, and Julio ate him up. His red-zone score over Hargreaves looked like an adult playing with a kid.
7. Winston gets blasted trying to score nearly every week, which included an attempt to run over Raiders linebacker Perry Riley in Week 8. He needs to learn how to protect himself and learn what risks are worth taking. (Note: A left-handed pass while being tackled in hopes of a five-yard gain is not worth it.)
8. If nothing else, Mike Evans (11 catches for 150 yards and two TDs) makes the Bucs worth watching every week. His one-handed grab on the sideline before getting cracked in the chest was perhaps the catch of the year in the NFL.
9. The Falcons only have one game in the next 22 days with a bye in Week 11 on the way. At 6-3, they don't look like a team that will slide enough down the stretch to allow Carolina or New Orleans back in the division race. This is a slump-proof offense.
WASHINGTON – A spokesman for the family of Seth Rich, the Democratic National Committee employee who was shot and killed in Washington last summer – a murder that remains unsolved – is condemning statements made by a private investigator hired to look into the mysterious death.
Brad Brauman, a professional Democratic crisis public-relations consultant, was put in touch with Rich's family in the days following his murder last July. Brauman made contact with the family through two friends who worked for the DNC.
Now he's responding to comments to WND by investigator Rod Wheeler, who told WND earlier that he was stunned when he learned a top DNC official had contacted Washington police and Rich's family demanding to know why Wheeler was inquiring about the death.
Wheeler's comments earlier also allegedly suggested that Rich could have been the insider source who leaked DNC emails to WikiLeaks over the last year or so.
Some of those leaked emails ended up catching Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton in their web, subjecting her eventually to an admonishment from then-FBI chief James Comey that she was extremely careless with the nation's classified secrets.
Wheeler, who started his investigation into Seth's death in March, told WND he was stunned when he learned from Rich's family that the DNC contacted them about the case.
“How did that DNC person know I had called the police? That is what is baffling me,” Wheeler said. “I just found out from [Rich's] family that the DNC knew I contacted the police – they hadn't told me that all this time.”
After Wheeler went to the police for insight into Rich's murder, the detective assigned to the investigation never replied to Wheeler's inquiry.
“The family said, ‘Rod, there is something that you need to know,'” Wheeler explained. “The police detective never called you back because the information was given to the DNC that you called the police trying to figure out what was going on.”
Bauman took another position on the issues at hand:
“I don't think at this point, given Detective Wheeler's lack of credibility – that I am going to dignify any accusations that he makes with any sort of discussion, I'm sorry,” he told WND.
Anyone who believes Rich may have leaked DNC emails “deserve a place in hell,” Bauman said angrily.
Seth Rich's new “family spokesman” is Brad Bauman a professional Democrat crisis PR consultant with the Pastorum Group. — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) August 11, 2016
Bauman dismissed Wheeler's assertions about the DNC, accusing the veteran detective of fabricating his claims in a desperate attempt for media attention.
“All of these fake news stories surrounding conspiracy theories around Seth that are not sourced and that are found to be fake, all that it does is that it gives the actual murderers the cover they need to stay underground,” he said. “As long as everybody is talking about all of these other things, we get no closer to the truth. These stories actually enable the real murderers to continue to live under the cover of darkness, and that's what is so frustrating about it.”
Wheeler told WND on Tuesday that he was contacted by a Fox News reporter. The reporter, he said, claimed to have spoken with a federal investigator who has evidence that Rich sent DNC emails to WikiLeaks.
The primary information Wheeler wants to expose to the media is the lack of assistance he says he's getting from the Washington police in finding Rich's murderer.
“I hope people understand this – I am not involved at all with the political side of any of this stuff – I am really not. My one focus is on finding a murderer,” he said. “That is my only focus. Now if that murderer is a neighborhood knucklehead who had a gun and killed him that night, then that is who I want to capture. Then the story ends for me when I find him.
“If that murderer is someone who worked with him on his job, then that is who I want to capture. When it comes to this other stuff – when it comes to the emails and Russian hacking and all of that – I haven't focused on that at all because that is not my focus. My focus is on solely finding a murderer.”
While Wheeler has emphasized in interviews with WND and Fox New that he is not a spokesman for the Rich family, Bauman claims Wheeler has betrayed the trust of the family by speaking out about the response he's received from the police.
“Rod Wheeler is both in breach of contract and in breach of confidence with the family. He has proven that he does not have his story straight,” Bauman said.
After Bauman emphasized that he and the Rich family want police to get to the bottom of Rich's case, regardless of where it leads, he blasted Wheeler for admitting publicly any suspicion of the DNC's involvement.
The Rich family is “devastated” Wheeler has not ruled out a WikiLeaks connection, Bauman said.
“I want to be very clear that what's at issue here is not letting the evidence determine where this story goes. If there was one credible shred of evidence – actual, real evidence that pointed in the direction of Seth's involvement, with anyone – the family would make their peace with God.”
He continued: “None of that has ever surfaced. Every single time a story is reported, it is just hearsay, it is lies, it is politically driven or politically motivated hearsay. And it actually causes the opposite of what everyone wants. It causes the inability for the police and for independent investigators to figure out what actually happened.”
Bauman claims the family has been in touch with the police on a regular basis.
When suggestions were made that Rich could have been delivering DNC emails to WikiLeaks, media outlets covered it, although not many in the legacy media.
A federal investigator, who remains anonymous, claims to have proof that Rich sent thousands of DNC emails to WikiLeaks. After learning about the investigator's evidence, Wheeler notified Washington's police chief in an attempt to inform law enforcement of the revelations before they became publicized by media.
But the response of the police chief – whom Wheeler knows well and characterized as a “very good guy” – unnerved the veteran homicide detective.
“I wanted to share what I heard with the chief and the senior officials at the police department because I knew Fox News was going to run this story, and I thought it was only fair that I tell the police what we got before this hits the media,” he said. “I shared it with the police last week. And you know what they said? Nothing. They didn't say, ‘Rod, don't go with it. Rod, let's talk about it' – blank stares.”
“I can't figure it out,” he continued. “Typically, and what I was hoping they'd say, is, ‘Let us check into this before you go with the story,' and thank me for bringing them that information.”
On Tuesday afternoon, Rich's family repudiated the notion that the leaked DNC emails have anything to do with the reason the DNC staffer was killed. Bauman, the family's spokesman, released a statement denying the report that Rich had been in contact with WikiLeaks. The statement condemned what the family sees as an attempt to politicize Rich's death.
He's compromised and unpopular, but they can't quit him. How loud do the warnings have to be?
Constituents at town hall with Republican Rep. Mike Coffman, Aurora, Colo., April 12, 2017. (Photo11: David Zalubowski, AP)
For a political party that often seems to be Lost in Space, Republicans should be hearing “Danger, Will Robinson!” alarms.
We need look no further than the special election in Kansas's Fourth Congressional District to see the warning signs: a Republican won by 7 points in a seat that Trump won by 27 points only six months ago. That's a 20-point swing. By my count, there are 120 Republican-held congressional districts where Trump won by 20 or fewer points. Obviously, that doesn't mean that Democrats are going to win all 120 of those seats in 2018 — but 120 Republican members of Congress probably didn't sleep well last Tuesday night.
The problem is the party's legislative and political stumbles are piling up. For instance, they won the battle to get Justice Neil Gorsuch on to the Supreme Court, but the way they did it — by depriving former President Barack Obama of an appointment and then overturning the Senate rules — is the latest data point that leads them to lose the war. Gorsuch's confirmation will be a distant memory by the 2018 midterm election campaign. What will last is the impression that Republicans in Congress will do anything it takes to get their way.
Part of that includes sticking with and protecting a compromised and unpopular president. Trump pushes Republicans to walk the plank for him on issue after issue, from health care repeal to budget cuts and much more, even if it hurts his own voters. And he expects them to defend him in self-inflicted scandal after scandal — so much that they are coming dangerously close to being seen as accomplices in Trump's sustained effort to hide his tax returns and ties to Russia. If that happens, they can wave goodbye to their control of Congress.
A Quinnipiac University survey this month shows the peril for Republicans in standing behind Trump. His job approval rating was negative by a staggering 22 points (35% approval compared to 57% disapproval). More alarmingly, 49% of the 57% who disapprove are people who “strongly” disapprove, while a meager 25% strongly approve. That 2-to-1 intensity ratio should jar anyone looking at the 2018 electorate.
Trump's approval rating is tanking for the same reason that association with him is so dangerous for the GOP: He is losing on the key traits and qualities that matter most to ordinary people. He's considered not honest by 27 points (61% to 34%), thought not to care about average Americans by 18 points (57% to 39%), found to be not level-headed by 37 points (66% to 29%), and believed not to share their values by 27 points (61% to 34%).
Voters certainly don't believe that every Republican in Congress is a carbon copy of Trump. But a Congress filled with Trump apologists and rubber stamps, even if they're not replicas, would be held just as responsible for the untold damage that he and his agenda would do to the country.
Two GOP congressmen are a cautionary tale. House Intelligence chairman Devin Nunes tried so hard to protect Trump that he's no longer in charge of his own committee's Russia probe. And Rep. Ted Yoho defended Nunes by arguing: “You've got to keep in mind who he works for. He works for the president, and he answers to the president.”
Not quite, as Yoho belatedly admitted. All members of Congress answer to their constituents. They want to know that their elected officials will represent their interests. What they're seeing in Washington is a Republican Party that represents Trump's interests instead.
When it came to health care, only 17% of the country supported the GOP's repeal bill. Three-quarters want Trump to release his tax returns, so we can uncover what is or isn't driving his financial interests. And most people now support an independent investigation into the Trump team's Russia ties.
POLICING THE USA: A look at race, justice, media
Any direction you look, you can see the damage Trump is doing to his party. Republicans in Congress are at 70% disapproval. House Speaker Paul Ryan is increasingly disliked. “As President Trump's approval tanks, Congress, especially Republicans, follow right behind him,” Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac poll, said recently.
Voters back home are showing Republicans during the congressional recess how they feel about unwavering support for Trump. A town hall meeting last week in a swing district in Colorado prompted CNN to report, “Angry constituents ask GOP Rep. Mike Coffman to choose between them or Trump.” We should expect to see more of this unless and until Republicans in Congress step up and show they're not Trump rubber-stamps or accomplices.
Issues like hiding tax returns are no longer insider baseball in Washington — they are proof points in a narrative. It's a time for choosing for Republicans. Will they put country over party? If they give the wrong answer, they'll be answering for it all election season.
Jesse Ferguson was deputy national press secretary for Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. Earlier he was a executive director of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee's Independent Expenditure Program and communications director of the DCCC. Follow him on Twitter @JesseFFerguson.
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2pwag58
UPDATE / EDITOR'S NOTE: Walt Disney World has issued an official statement directly refuting claims of tension made this week by Vice, referenced earlier by ITM.
UPDATE #2 (6/27/17): The Vice article has been updated with clarifications from Disney:
Correction: The original version of this story was imprecise in describing tension at Disney around the Trump installation in the Hall of Presidents. Our source spoke directly with multiple employees at Disney World who described tension regarding the installation, but did not have direct confirmation from anyone at Disney's corporate level as originally reported. After this story was published, Disney denied any tension at the Hall of Presidents.
UPDATE #3 (6/28/17): Vice has retracted both of their original stories on so-called “drama” behind the Hall of Presidents. In their place, a note and apology from their editor remains:
After a thorough investigation into the sourcing of two stories, “Here's the Secret Backstage Trump Drama at Walt Disney World's Hall of Presidents” and “Behind the Scenes of Disney's Donald Trump ‘Hall of Presidents' Installation”, and the identification of several factual errors, we have decided to retract both pieces. We are conducting a full editorial review to pinpoint how this source was vetted, and how these stories were approved and published in violation of our usual editorial workflow. We fell short of our standards, and regret the error.
Our original article remains intact as a summary of Vice's article.
Disney recently announced that the Donald Trump animatronic figure coming to to the Magic Kingdom's Hall of Presidents will speak when the attraction reopens at Walt Disney World. That has been the case for every president since Bill Clinton, so the news wasn't completely shocking.
However, Trump's speech for the attraction has not yet been recorded. According to a source for Vice, Trump's communications team is combating Disney Imagineers when it comes to the specifics of the speech.
According to this insider information, Trump's team is saying that they will write the speech to be delivered by the President's audio-animatronic. Disney Imagineers have explained that they have collaborated with the President's staff in the past, and still Trump's team wants to handle the speech on their own.
The source went on to explain that a possible solution has been reached and it is possible that the attraction may revert back to its original format in which Lincoln was the only speaking president.
The Walt Disney World attraction is currently set to reopen this fall.
The Phillip and Patricia Frost Museum of Science, and its myriad kid-friendly exhibits, has been one of the most buzzworthy places in Miami since its highly anticipated opening back in May. And this month, the museum is adding another layer to its programming—and it includes alcohol.
Frost Science just announced a new monthly party series called LATE. Similar to PAMM's successful Third Thursday, the monthly event features extended viewing hours, live music and cocktails. The inaugural session welcomes Miami's own
Brika and fellow South Floridian John K. to perform.
But LATE offers more than just a pretty place to drink; interactive installations, panels and lectures by scientific experts will be part of the programming. Guests at this month's party have the opportunity to peer deep into the human eye and explore sight with the help of artist and associate professor of clinical ophthalmology at Bascom Palmer Eye Institute Alia Pialtos.
The first installment takes place on June 14, from 6:30pm–9:30pm. Tickets are just $8 but space is limited, which means you should probably buy them, like, five minutes ago.
Want more? Sign up here to stay in the know.
As you've probably heard by now, a fire knocked out power at Hartsfield-Jackson Airport in Atlanta, stranding thousands of fliers at the busiest airport in America:
'I think 'The Walking Dead' started like this': Twitter reacts to Atlanta airport shutdown https://t.co/t6Vl6QiV88 pic.twitter.com/OvIOqPk2ii — AJC (@ajc) December 18, 2017
But help is on the way, thanks in part to Chick-fil-a:
On a Sunday no less!
You know it's serious when @ChickfilA got to work on a #Sunday. https://t.co/GrwGQEFra9 — Mike Petchenik (@MPetchenikWSB) December 18, 2017
Its a big deal when you get Chic-fil-a on Sunday. https://t.co/QrRtTGThLm — mitrebox (@mitrebox) December 18, 2017
Shoutout to @ChickfilA for feeding everyone who's stuck at the #ATLairport. Also shoutout to everyone at the ATL airport who will now be able to say they were served fresh Chick-fil-A on a Sunday. — Kelly Vaughn ? (@mrskellyvaughn) December 18, 2017
Things in Atlanta could be worse than we thought:
OH WOW. This is way worse than I thought. https://t.co/pRYDdFcoXE — Yoenis Cespedes (@AppFlyer) December 18, 2017
And we can't say this enough times:
Chick-fil-a: Better than FEMA … Again.
Now, if only Chick-fil-a were in charge of airport operations:
I have a ton of video, will post later, but low cell service here. I am OFF the plane. Hartsfield looks like a war zone. People sleeping on the floor, fighting mostly civilly over outlets, elderly people and small children struggling with stairs. (More) — Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) December 18, 2017
The most frustrating part is that in my walk across two terminals, it was totally unclear who, if anyone, was in charge. There was no one to tell us how or where to exit. Law enforcement presence only after I had gotten near the exit. — Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) December 18, 2017
It is SWELTERING inside the airport. No water or fThere are people sleeping on baggage claim belts. The line for delta support is VERY long. — Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) December 18, 2017
***
Mets fan loses bet, now has giant Bartolo Colon face tattooed on his arm
Bartolo Colon, slugger extraordinaire, cranked his first career home run last Saturday. Watch it again in all of its glory below:
Your browser does not support iframes.
Although we've warned of his offensive prowess before, there were some people out there who didn't believe he could ever deposit one over the fence. One of those highly uninformed souls was Matt Sassi, a Mets fan (!), who made a bet at the beginning of the season that he would get a Bartolo Colon tattoo if the pitcher hit a home run this season. Here's what Matt Sassi's arm looks like now:
As you can read in the Instagram caption, both Sassi and his friend were at the game to witness it. Even better!
Honestly, Matt, you should think of this more than winning a bet than losing it.
h/t Daily News
Matt Monagan writes at night for Cut4. In his spare time, he travels and searches Twitter for Wily Mo Pena news.
Angry billboards are not the best way to win over a tourism board, apparently. Answers in Genesis
On Tuesday, Kentucky's Tourism Arts & Heritage Cabinet revoked $18 million in tax exemptions for a Bible-themed amusement park, Ark Encounter. The park, spearheaded by creationist and charlatan Ken Ham, was originally set to feature animatronic dinosaurs on a “life-size replica” of Noah's ark. Those plans, however, were contingent upon Ham receiving millions of dollars of tax breaks from Kentucky, whose government initially smiled upon the project as a job-creating tourist attraction. Without those funds, the future of the park is unclear.
Given Kentucky's early enthusiasm for the project, why did the tourism board yank its tax breaks? It turns out Ham only wanted to hire Christians—in particular, politically conservative young-Earth creationists. Job applications for the park instructed applicants to submit “[s]alvation testimony,” a “[c]reation belief statement,” and a “[c]onfirmation of your agreement with the AiG statement of faith.” (AiG is Answers in Genesis, Ark Encounter's parent company and Ham's ministry.) As I noted in October, this statement of faith mandated that applicants believe in Christ, the Holy Spirit, Satan (as “the personal spiritual adversary of both God and mankind”), Adam and Eve, “the Great Flood of Genesis,” a 6,000-year-old Earth, and the eternal damnation of “those who do not believe in Christ.” All employees must follow “the duty of Christians” and attend “a local Bible believing church.”
And, for good measure, the park required that all employees oppose abortion, euthanasia, gay rights, and trans rights.
This was too much for Kentucky's government, which informed Ham that state law forbids companies receiving tax incentives to discriminate on the basis of religion. Ever the fighter, Ham fired back, accusing Kentucky of religious discrimination against the ark park. He then launched a billboard campaign in the state featuring an illustration of the ark and gloating, “To all of our intolerant liberal friends: THANK GOD YOU CAN'T SINK THIS SHIP.” Ham also took to his website to decry “the lies and the vicious opposition” spread by his opponents—including, apparently, the tourism board.
The tourism board seems to not have taken kindly to these antics, and informed Ham that, by running the park as a de facto ministry, the state would have to cut ties. This (legally mandated) move leaves the park back where it started: surviving on junk bonds from gullible congregations. Whether it will limp through to completion or collapse altogether remains to be seen; the seemingly doomed project has, after all, been brought back from the brink of death once before. But if we were taking bets, I'd wager that this wreck is sunk.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Today, the freedom of Americans to control their own health care needs is being threatened by massive governmental interference. Those attempting to fundamentally change America are attempting to take control of the most important thing any of us possesses: our health.
It often comes at a heavy cost, but freedom is worth fighting for. In 1836, the brave defenders of the Alamo went down to defeat by Mexican Gen. Santa Anna and his army, which was 10 times greater in number than the defenders under the command of Lt. Col. William Barret Travis. Not all of the 200 defenders were Texans. Many of the civilian defenders, including some Mexicans, were more loyal to Davy Crockett and Jim Bowie, who fell ill prior to the battle.
The defenders who had captured San Antonio just months earlier had retreated to the well-fortified Alamo and had sent for reinforcements, fully expecting to be able to hold on until help arrived. There was tension between the troops of Travis and the followers of Bowie, but once they realized that they faced a greater enemy, they presented a united front of legendary fortitude.
However, Col. James Fannin, who was just 90 miles away in Goliad, concluded that the cause was hopeless and refused the request for help. The brave men who died fighting for freedom at the Alamo thought that help was on the way, just like the brave men who died defending the U.S. compound in Benghazi. The Alamo was lost on March 6, 1836, but its defenders killed 600 of Santa Anna's men before they died. The stand taken by those patriots inspired many others to join the war. Victory was eventually won, in no small part a result of the spirit and courage of those who refused to surrender in the face of overwhelming odds.
Leaders of the Obama administration and the United States Senate have tried to convince the defenders of individual freedom in America that their fight is futile and that it is impossible for them to win. Those opposing the government takeover of the health care system have varying opinions about whether it is better to fight now or to wait for a more opportune time.
Members of Congress who largely oppose Obamacare but are unwilling to join their compatriots in the battle to defund this ill-conceived and economically detrimental law must remember the lesson from the Alamo: Defeat can unleash the power of righteous indignation. Even if the battle is lost, the courageous act of presenting a united front in defense of the U.S. Constitution and individual rights will inspire tens of millions of Americans who feel disenfranchised to join the cause. Today's struggle will lead to ultimate victory starting in 2014 and ending in 2016 with the restoration of a nation that is for, of and by the people and not for, of and by the government.
Those representatives and senators who insist on pushing through Obamacare against the will of the people should be clearly identified so they can be appropriately dealt with by their constituents. The authority of officeholders, after all, is dependent upon the ballot box. By replacing those who do not represent the interest of the people with individuals who cherish our Constitution and our traditional values, we can initiate logical measures that can provide truly affordable health care for every American. Those measures would include a return of decision-making to patients and their health care providers, tort reform and the placement of electronic medical records under the control of the patient and not the Internal Revenue Service.
Genuine representative government would also allow us to enact logical tax reform, policies that foster energy independence, a rejuvenated space program and other programs that have led to amazing innovations that have improved our lives. Responsive governance would rid Americans of unwarranted regulations that stifle economic growth, provide parents with choice in education, establish an understandable foreign policy that recognizes the role of true leadership in a troubled world, return fiscal responsibility to its rightful position, and establish social policies that help people move up the economic ladder, rather than just survive.
We have an opportunity to re-establish a government in which freedom of speech is cherished. As Thomas Jefferson once famously said, “When the people fear their government, there is tyranny; when the government fears the people, there is liberty.” We must remember that our representatives work for us; we don't work for them. Whenever they forget that, we must act to re-establish proper order.
Those who wish to fundamentally change America are happy with the trends we see. However, those of us who love the Judeo-Christian values upon which our country was founded and under which it flourished in the past, must not dwell on past mistakes, but learn from them. We must not capitulate to secular progressives, and unlike them, we should be loving and kind. But most importantly, we must never give up.
Ben S. Carson is professor emeritus of neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins University.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Mostly I only need to make her curled shoes and Jafar's crown that she puts on in one of the scenes. I'm working on finding better earrings too. One pair I have is good for her main outfit, but this outfit has slightly different shapes! I have two props (not pictured) a baby tiger stuffed animal- perfect for kitten Rajah! And also a toy genie lamp.I have wanted to cosplay Jasmine for years, but two things that intimidated the poop outta me were her wig and pants. Recently, I've discovered her pants are relatively easy to make! Her main hairstyle wig still befuddles me, and is uncharted territory for me. So, instead of doing her classic look as I had intended, I went with her red version since I know plenty about giant high ponytails wigs.Some inspiration on the top also bled over from Kida (who is next on my cosplay list), since they have similar twist tops. Jasmine's top was done in a non stretch fabric, but Kida's will be in stretch. So if I like Kida's look more, I may end up remaking Jasmine's top with stretch fabric. I like this one that I made, but I'm not sure I like it enough for Jasmine. XDI hope to premiere this at ColossalCon!I can't promise that I'll be there, but I really want to go this year. Especially if there's even the slightest chance of meeting that baby tiger at the petting zoo! He may have grown up a bit in one year though, and not getting mauled or having a sedated creature would be great. XDDD I don't think they sedate the tigers (well, I don't know either way), I assume that's why it's always young cats, and not older big cats. Also, this costume makes me feel like a bellydancer, so never mind the poses, I was just having fun with it. XP I was trying to capture Jasmine's seductiveness in this outfit, but I intend to take more fun laid back photos when I get to doing a photoshoot.
Tweet
Ceea ce s-a întâmplat ieri la Antena 3 nu este un atentat la libertatea presei. Iar Antena 3 nu e victimă, cel puţin nu a Justiţiei, nu a vreunei instituţii a statului. Eventual, victimă a propriului patronat.
Ceea ce s-a întâmplat ieri la Antena 3 nu este un atentat la libertatea presei. Ci doar respectarea legii. Urmarea unei notificări a ANAF, în scopul evacuării clădirii în care funcţionează Antena 3 – notificare care, în mod firesc, ar fi trebuit emisă la scurt timp după sentinţa definitivă care a impus-o, nu după aproape doi ani… Imobilul vizat de ANAF a fost confiscat şi trecut în proprietatea privată a Statului, printr-o sentinţă definitivă şi irevocabilă a Curţii de Apel Bucureşti, emisă în 8 August 2014, în Dosarul ICA. Sentinţă prin care fostul patron al Trustului Intact, Dan Voiculescu, a fost condamnat la zece ani de închisoare şi în care instanţa a dispus, în vederea recuperării prejudiciului de 60 de milioane de euro, confiscarea imobilului situat în şoseaua Bucureşti – Ploieşti, adică cel în care funcţionează Antena 3, şi a unei clădiri din strada Gârlei, unde are sediul holdingul Grivco, fondat de Dan Voiculescu şi cedat fiicelor sale.
Autovictimizarea Antenei 3 prin invocarea mincinoasă a unui abuz al ANAF şi a încălcării libertăţii presei este doar un mesaj pervers care, probabil, are ca scop generarea unei emoţii publice masive, prin intermediul căreia, se speră, se va pune presiune pe autorităţile statului pentru a împinge spre un termen incert aplicarea legea. Un tertip de tergiversare a evacuării imobilului şi scoaterii lui la vânzare. În fond, de încercare de blocare a legii.
E o tehnică similară celei la care a recurs fostul patron al Antenei 3, Dan Voiculescu, care se înhămase la un veritabil maraton judiciar împotriva Justiţiei, la scurtă vreme după privatizarea, în 2003, a Institutului de Cercetări Alimentare, al cărei artizan a fost. Un maraton judiciar care a dezvăluit o rafinare a metodelor prin care un om politic a putut ţine în şah, ani şi ani, Justiţia, pornit după conturarea unei strategii bine gândite. Un melanj de tehnici care a inclus:
1. Intrarea în alianţe politice prefigurate ca şi câştigătoare. La alegerile din 2004, PUR – cum se numea pe atunci partidul lui Dan Voiculescu – a intrat în Uniunea Naţională PSD+PUR. La scurt timp, însă, a renunţat şi a trecut de partea Alianţei DA, cu care a intrat la guvernare. S-a retras şi de acolo, la finalul lui 2006. În 2008, care previziona un mariaj guvernamental PDL – PSD, a intrat în alianţă cu social-democraţii, până în 2011, când a încheiat Alianţa de Centru-Dreapta, alături de PNL. Apoi, împreună cu PSD, au format USL.
2. Punerea la dispoziţia prietenilor politici a studiourilor televiziunilor din Trustul Intact. Despre ex-senatorul Dan Voiculescu, fondatorul PC şi al Trustului Intact, se poate spune că a fost omul de care liderii USL au depins pentru a ajunge, în 2012, la putere. Au beneficiat de intensă expunere mediatică pozitivă şi au fructificat electoral roadele agresivelor campanii mediatice negative îndreptate împotriva adversarilor lor politici. Deşi logoreea live nu este echivalentul eficienţei actului de guvernare, liderii USL obţinuseră, în schimb, ceea ce i-a interesat mai mult decât actul de guvernare: menţinerea cotei de popularitate. Logic, pragmatic, era ca şi beneficiarii spaţiilor de emisie să ofere ceva în schimb, nu? Sau măcar să promită.
3. Campaniile mediatice sinonime cu linşajul prin presă – gândite în interiorul trustului de presă transferat pe numele fiicei sale –, îndreptate, în mare parte, împotriva unor judecători ai ÎCCJ şi membri ai CSM. De altfel, după parlamentarele din decembrie 2012, OSCE declara că o parte a presei ţinteşte, fără drept, deasupra poziţiei de a patra putere în stat: „Un exemplu clar de manipulare politică a presei este Trustul Intact“.
4. Joaca de-a şi cu Parlamentul, doar pentru a plimba dosarul între instanţe şi a trage de timp. Prima dată, dl Voiculescu a părăsit Parlamentul în septembrie 2007, după ruptura Alianţei DA. Atunci a invocat lipsa de susţinere a proiectelor PC. I-a trecut supărarea în 2008, când s-a înscris şi a câştigat un nou mandat. În iunie 2012, însă, a demisionat din nou. Pe motiv de respingere a unui proiect privind dublarea sancţiunilor pentru evaziune fiscală. Imposibil de crezut: ar fi avut posibilitatea să-şi mai dea demisia din motive similare. Din 37 de iniţiative legislative pe care le-a avut în mandatul încheiat prematur, mai mult de 20 fuseseră respinse. În iunie 2012, însă, dosarul de corupţie se apropiase de final, la ÎCCJ, o instanţă ce se dovedise necontrolabilă şi ameninţătoare, odată cu condamnarea lui Adrian Năstase. Cum competenţa ÎCCJ fusese atrasă de calitatea de senator, demisia lui din Parlament a determinat mutarea procesului la Tribunalul Bucureşti. Atrăgând astfel după sine posibilitatea prelungirii termenului de finalizare a dosarului. Tentaţia de a fi, oficial, în rândurile din faţă ale politicii – cu beneficiile care decurgeau de aici – a fost mare. După instalarea la putere a Guvernului USL, s-a înscris din nou în cursa pentru parlamentare. În decembrie 2012 a ajuns senator. Numai că, după alegeri, Dosarul ICA s-a întors pe teren minat, la ÎCCJ. Pentru că problemele nu dădeau semne că se vor rezolva, cum probabil şi-a făcut calculele sau, poate, după cum i se promisese, dl Voiculescu nu s-a prezentat să depună jurământul, fiind doar senator de facto, nu şi de jure. După scandal şi presiuni mediatice, în ianuarie 2013 a demisionat. A treia oară. Motivând că vrea să se pună la dispoziţia anchetatorilor. Era, oricum, obligat să o facă… Diferenţa era dată de instanţa în faţa căreia urma să răspundă. A reuşit, astfel, să evite Curtea Supremă, dosarul ajungând la Curtea de Apel Bucureşti. Calculul d-lui Voiculescu s-a dovedit, însă, greşit.
În 5 August 2014, după şase ani de proces – şase ani de la trimiterea în judecată –, de veritabil maraton judiciar, un complet al Curţii de Apel Bucucreşti – compus din judecătorii Camelia Bogdan şi Mihai Alexandru Mihalcea – a judecat ultimul termen în acest dosar de corupţie. Ce a urmat se ştie. Şi a dovedit failibilitatea unui astfel de sistem şi inutilitatea eforturilor de a-l construi şi întreţine. O lecţie din care, se pare, la trustul patronat de familia Voiculescu nu s-a învăţat nimic.
Concluzia după ziua de ieri este că Antena 3 e tot aici. Şi nu e victimă, cel puţin nu a Justiţiei, nu a vreunei instituţii a statului. Eventual, victimă a propriului patronat.
Aparut in Timpoplis
Ai informatii despre tema de mai sus? Poti contribui la o mai buna intelegere a subiectului? Scrie articolul tau si trimite-l la editor[at]contributors.ro
The Return Of The Rings: LOTR's Extended Editions Coming To The Big Screen
at 2:10 am by April 26, 20112:10 am by Earl
Come June and Lord of the Rings fans will have much reason to celebrate, for in anticipation of the BluRay release of the Extended Editions of the Lord of the Rings films, AMC Theatres will be screening the very same director's cuts of the films over three weeks in June.
Begin the epic journey of The Fellowship of the Ring (Extended Edition) on June 14th 2011,
experience the union of The Two Towers (Extended Edition) on June 21st 2011, and behold the end of all things with The Return of the King (Extended Edition) on June 28th 2011.
And that's not all…
Check back at TheOneRing.net for an EXCITING ANNOUNCEMENT about these events in the coming weeks!
Erle Stanley Gardner (July 17, 1889 – March 11, 1970) was an American lawyer and author. He is best known for the Perry Mason series of detective stories, but he wrote numerous other novels and shorter pieces and also a series of nonfiction books, mostly narrations of his travels through Baja California and other regions in Mexico.
The best-selling American author of the 20th century at the time of his death, Gardner also published under numerous pseudonyms, including A.A. Fair, Kyle Corning, Charles M. Green, Carleton Kendrake, Charles J. Kenny, Les Tillray and Robert Parr.
Life and work [ edit ]
The First National Bank Building in Ventura, where Gardner wrote drafts for first Perry Mason novels
Born in Malden, Massachusetts, Erle Stanley Gardner graduated from Palo Alto High School in California in 1909 and enrolled at Valparaiso University School of Law in Indiana. He was suspended after approximately one month when his interest in boxing became a distraction. He returned to California, pursued his legal education on his own, and passed the state bar exam in 1911.
In 1912, Gardner wed Natalie Frances Talbert; they had a daughter, Grace.[2] He opened his first law office in Merced in 1917, but closed it after accepting a position at a sales agency. In 1921, he returned to law as a member of the Ventura firm Sheridan, Orr, Drapeau, and Gardner,[3] where he remained until 1933.[4]
Gardner enjoyed litigation and the development of trial strategy but was otherwise bored by legal practice. In his spare time, he began writing for pulp magazines; his first story was published in 1923. He created many series characters for the pulps, including the ingenious Lester Leith, a parody of the "gentleman thief" in the tradition of A. J. Raffles; and Ken Corning, crusading lawyer, crime sleuth, and archetype for his most successful creation, Perry Mason. While the Perry Mason novels did not delve into their characters' lives very much, the novels were rich in plot detail which was reality-based and drawn from his own experience.[5] In his early years writing for the pulp magazine market, Gardner set himself a quota of 1,200,000 words a year.[6]:13 When asked why his heroes always defeated villains with the last bullet in their guns, Gardner answered, "At three cents a word, every time I say ‘Bang' in the story I get three cents. If you think I'm going to finish the gun battle while my hero still has fifteen cents worth of unexploded ammunition in his gun, you're nuts".[7] Early on, he typed his stories himself, using two fingers, but later he dictated them to a team of secretaries.
Under the pen name A. A. Fair, Gardner wrote a series of novels about the private detective firm of Cool and Lam. In another series, District Attorney Doug Selby litigated against attorney Alphonse Baker Carr in an inversion of the Perry Mason scenario. Prosecutor Selby is portrayed as a courageous and imaginative crime solver; his antagonist A. B. Carr is a wily shyster whose clients are invariably "as guilty as hell".
Gardner remained with Sheridan, Orr, Drapeau, and Gardner until 1933, when The Case of the Velvet Claws was published. Much of that story is set at the historic Pierpont Inn, just down the road from his law office.[4] In 1937, Gardner moved to Temecula, California, where he lived for the rest of his life.
With the success of the Mason series, which eventually ran to over 80 novels, Gardner gradually reduced his contributions to the pulp magazines until the medium itself died in the 1950s. Thereafter, he published a few short stories in the "glossies", such as Collier's, Sports Afield, and Look,[8] but most of his postwar magazine contributions were nonfiction articles on travel, Western history, and forensic science. Gardner's readership was a broad and international one, including the English novelist Evelyn Waugh, who in 1949 called Gardner the best living American writer.[9][10]
Perry Mason executive producer Gail Patrick Jackson and Erle Stanley Gardner speak with Hollywood columnist Norma Lee Browning during filming of the last episode, "The Case of the Final Fade-Out" (1966)
Gardner also created characters for various radio programs, including Christopher London (1950), starring Glenn Ford, and A Life in Your Hands (1949–1952).[11]:10, 157 He created Perry Mason as a recurring character in a series of Hollywood films of the 1930s, and then for the radio program Perry Mason, which ran from 1943 to 1955. In 1954, CBS proposed transforming Perry Mason into a television soap opera. When Gardner opposed the idea, CBS created The Edge of Night, featuring John Larkin—who voiced Mason on the radio show—as a thinly veiled imitation of the Mason character.[11]:199–201
In 1957, Perry Mason became a long-running CBS-TV series, starring Raymond Burr in the title role. Burr had auditioned for the role of the district attorney Hamilton Burger, but Gardner reportedly declared he was the embodiment of Perry Mason.[12] Gardner made an uncredited appearance as a judge in "The Case of the Final Fade-Out" (1966), the last episode of the series.[13][14]:24
Gardner and his first wife had separated in the early 1930s, and after her death in 1968, Gardner married Agnes Jean Bethell[15] (1902–2002), his secretary since 1930. The character of Della Street was a composite of Jean and her two sisters, Peggy and Ruth, who also worked as secretaries for Gardner.
He held a lifelong fascination with Baja California and wrote a series of nonfiction travel accounts describing his extensive explorations of the peninsula by boat, truck, airplane, and helicopter.
The Court of Last Resort (1952) earned Gardner his only (1952) earned Gardner his only Edgar Award , in the Best Fact Crime category.
Gardner devoted thousands of hours to "The Court of Last Resort", in collaboration with his many friends in the forensic, legal, and investigative communities. The project sought to review, and when appropriate, reverse miscarriages of justice against criminal defendants who had been convicted because of poor legal representation, abuse, misinterpretation of forensic evidence, or careless or malicious actions of police or prosecutors. The resulting 1952 book earned Gardner his only Edgar Award, in the Best Fact Crime category,[16] and was later made into a TV series, The Court of Last Resort.
Death and legacy [ edit ]
Gardner died on March 11, 1970, at his ranch in Temecula[2][17]—the best-selling American writer of the 20th century at the time of his death.[2] He was cremated and his ashes scattered over his beloved Baja California peninsula.[6]:305 The ranch, known as Rancho del Paisano at the time, was sold after his death, then resold in 2001 to the Pechanga Indians, renamed Great Oak Ranch, and eventually absorbed into the Pechanga reservation.
The Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas at Austin holds Gardner's manuscripts, art collection, and personal effects. From 1972 to 2010, the Ransom Center featured a full-scale reproduction of Gardner's study that displayed original furnishings, personal memorabilia, and artifacts.[18] The space and a companion exhibition were dismantled, but a panoramic view of the study is available online.[19]
In 2003, a new school in the Temecula Valley Unified School District was named Erle Stanley Gardner Middle School.[20][21]
In December 2016, Hard Case Crime published The Knife Slipped, a Bertha Cool–Donald Lam mystery, which had been lost for 75 years. Written in 1939 as the second entry in the Cool and Lam series, the book was rejected at the time by Gardner's publisher.[22] Published for the first time in 2016, as a trade paperback and ebook, the work garnered respectful reviews.[23][24] Hard Case Crime followed publication of The Knife Slipped with a reissued edition of Turn On the Heat, the book Gardner wrote to replace The Knife Slipped, in 2017 and has announced a new edition of The Count of Nine to appear in October 2018.[25]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Cultural references [ edit ]
An unspecified article Gardner wrote for True magazine is referenced by William S. Burroughs in his 1959 novel, Naked Lunch.[26]
Gardner's name is well known among avid crossword puzzle solvers, because his first name contains an unusual series of common letters, and because few other famous people have that name. As of January 2012, he is noted for having the highest ratio (5.31) of mentions in the New York Times crossword puzzle to mention in the rest of the newspaper among all other people since 1993.[27]
In 2001, Huell Howser Productions, in association with KCET, Los Angeles, featured Gardner's Temecula Rancho del Paisano in California's Gold. The 30-minute program is available as a VHS videorecording.[28]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Short Bytes: The Linux Mint development team has shed light on a couple of improvements to the latest release of the popular open-source operating system, Linux Mint 18.2. The next release would include changes to the Bluetooth application, Xed text editor, and XPlayer, Xreader, Update Manager, etc. in the form of visual modifications and bug fixes.
T
Linux Mint 18.2 Features
he Linux Mint development team has released the final version of the next point release aka Linux Mint 18.2 Sonya which uses Ubuntu 16.04 as its base. MATE 1.18, KDE 5.8, Xfce 4.12, and Cinnamon 3.4 are the four editions that have arrived as a part of the latest point release.
Most of the features of Linux Mint 18.2 were already briefed by the development team back in February. Now, the latest ISOs build upon those changes and includes more additions to Linux Mint 18.2 Sonya which will likely make to its final release in the coming months.
Linux Kernel 4.8
The latest point upgrade is an LTS release, but Linux Mint 18.2 still carries Linux Kernel 4.8 from the last point release. A lot of time has passed since the launch of the Linux Kerne 4.9 LTS which was expected to find its way into Linux Mint 18.2. However, the development team has said they'd keep the base system Ubuntu 16.04 until 2016.
New display manager
As already known, Mint has sacrificed MDM for the LightDM as the default display manager. LightDM is a cross-desktop lightweight display manager which offers support for different display servers including X, Wayland, etc. It doesn't eat much memory on your system, but this doesn't mean it would cut down on performance.
LightDM is used in other famous distributions including Ubuntu, making the development and troubleshooting process easier.
LightDM powers the new greeter in Linux Mint 18.2 called Slick (a fork of Unity greeter) which comes with support for HiDPI displays. Also, Mint team is selling LightDM by its Guest Mode feature, enabled by default in LightDM Settings, which allows casual users without a user account to operate a system.
Blueberry
In Linux Mint 18.2, the Blueberry application features a completely revamped user interface for its Bluetooth settings. Along with OBEX file transfer support, Blueberry includes an option to change your computer's Bluetooth device name.
Earlier, this functionality was available via the command line. In addition to the Bluetooth tray icon, Blueberry also features a system tray status applet, similar to the battery and sounds applets.
Update Manager
In order to make the upgrade process safer, the Mint team has updated filtering policies and levels according to the impact an update causes to the system.
Updates marked as Level 1 doesn't make OS-level changes at all. Then comes the Level 2 label, attached to most of the update packages. Level 3 includes updates like desktop environments, toolkits, libraries, etc. which affect multiple applications. Similarly, sensitive updates and the ones affecting the kernel are marked as Level 4. Cases rare that the system would likely download a Level 5 update, these are mostly dangerous or broken.
Linux Mint 18.2 now includes support for Ubuntu HWE kernels in kernel updates.
The inclusion of a new CLI utility called miniupdate-tool makes it easier for the users to list, install, and schedule system updates by writing scripts, routines, and cron jobs. The tool supports regular update manager features like security updates, level selection, blacklisting, etc.
Xplayer
Another set of visual changes to the Linux Mint 18.2 is applied to the XPlayer application. To make the player look neat and clean, the controls and seek bar are in line, along with the removal of the bottom status bar. Various bug fixes have been made including errors in the on-screen display.
In addition to various bug fixes, Xplayer now includes support for automatically adding subtitles, but they are disabled by default and you can enable them by pressing S key.
Xed
Linux Mint 18.2 also brings changes to Xed text editor application. The ‘word wrap' feature, earlier a part of editor's Preferences, can now be seen in the Menu. Updated Xed also comes with an option to sort multiple selected lines using the F10 key.
Further, users can switch between the darker and lighter themes. If there are multiple tabs open in the text editor, switching is possible with the help of the mouse scroll wheel. The bars present on the bottom and side of the screen automatically adjust according to the content. Also, the search feature now supports regular expressions.
Xreader, Xviewer, Pix
The XReader application now comes with a redesigned toolbar and sidebar to achieve a cleaner look, accompanied by new buttons in the toolbar for faster switching between view modes. If you're running a device with a touchscreen, Xreader now supports standard touch gestures.
The image viewer app in Linux Mint 18.2 also got some UI tweaks in the toolbar and support for the dark theme. The image browsing app Pix now comes with an improved set of mouse and keyboard shortcuts along with easier navigation and visual changes.
Other changes
Multiple changes are also in the works for the Cinnamon Spices addons repo. These include updating authentication, rating system, and comments for better sync with Facebook and Google.
The team will maintain the Spices along with their original developers. They have kicked out old themes and extensions from the repo and updated the popular ones to be compatible with Cinnamon 3.4. Also, the Cinnamon Spices website has received a makeover as part of an effort towards quality.
Further, Linux Mint 18.2 includes a new set of high-quality desktop backgrounds. The default DVD burning utility Brasero doesn't come along with the ISO but it can found in the repo if you need it at some point. While using the apt package manager, you can flag a package as being installed manually or automatically using markauto and markmanual commands.
You can read our announcement post about the release of Linux Mint 18.2 where you'll locate the download links.
This post was originally published on January 20, 2017 and republished on June 7, 2017. It was last updated on July 4, 2017, to include information about the final release of Linux Mint 18.2.
If you have something to add, drop your thoughts and feedback.
Advertisement
Capacitors
by Chris Woodford. Last updated: March 30, 2018.
Stare into the sky most days and you'll see some huge capacitors floating over your head. Capacitors (sometimes known as condensers) are energy-storing devices that are widely used in televisions, radios, and other kinds of electronic equipment. Tune a radio into a station, take a flash photo with a digital camera, or flick the channels on your HDTV and you're making good use of capacitors. The capacitors that drift through the sky are better known as clouds and, though they're absolutely gigantic compared to the capacitors we use in electronics, they store energy in exactly the same way. Let's take a closer look at capacitors and how they work!
Photo: A typical capacitor used in electronic circuits. This one is called an electrolytic capacitor and it's rated as 4.7 μF (4.7 microfarads), with a working voltage of 350 volts (350 V).
What is a capacitor?
Photo: A small capacitor in a transistor radio circuit.
Take two electrical conductors (things that let electricity flow through them) and separate them with an insulator (a material that doesn't let electricity flow very well) and you make a capacitor: something that can store electrical energy. Adding electrical energy to a capacitor is called charging; releasing the energy from a capacitor is known as discharging.
A capacitor is a bit like a battery, but it has a different job to do. A battery uses chemicals to store electrical energy and release it very slowly through a circuit; sometimes (in the case of a quartz watch) it can take several years. A capacitor generally releases its energy much more rapidly—often in seconds or less. If you're taking a flash photograph, for example, you need your camera to produce a huge burst of light in a fraction of a second. A capacitor attached to the flash gun charges up for a few seconds using energy from your camera's batteries. (It takes time to charge a capacitor and that's why you typically have to wait a little while.) Once the capacitor is fully charged, it can release all that energy in an instant through the xenon flash bulb. Zap!
Capacitors come in all shapes and sizes, but they usually have the same basic components. There are the two conductors (known as plates, largely for historic reasons) and there's the insulator in between them (called the dielectric). The two plates inside a capacitor are wired to two electrical connections on the outside called terminals, which are like thin metal legs you can hook into an electric circuit.
Photo: Inside, an electrolytic capacitor is a bit like a Swiss roll. The "plates" are two very thin sheets of metal; the dielectric an oily plastic film in between them. The whole thing is wrapped up into a compact cylinder and coated in a protective metal case. WARNING: It can be dangerous to open up capacitors. First, they can hold very high voltages. Second, the dielectric is sometimes made of toxic or corrosive chemicals that can burn your skin.
Artwork: How an electrolytic capacitor is made by rolling up sheets of aluminum foil (gray) and a dielectric material (in this case, paper or thin cheesecloth soaked in an acid or other organic chemical). The foil sheets are connected to terminals (blue) on the top so the capacitor can be wired into a circuit. Artwork courtesy of US Patent and Trademark Office from US Patent 2,089,683: Electrical capacitor by Frank Clark, General Electric, August 10, 1937.
You can charge a capacitor simply by wiring it up into an electric circuit. When you turn on the power, an electric charge gradually builds up on the plates. One plate gains a positive charge and the other plate gains an equal and opposite (negative) charge. If you disconnect the power, the capacitor keeps hold of its charge (though it may slowly leak away over time). But if you connect the capacitor to a second circuit containing something like an electric motor or a flash bulb, charge will flow from the capacitor through the motor or lamp until there's none remaining on the plates.
Although capacitors effectively have only one job to do (storing charge), they can be put to all sorts of different uses in electrical circuits. They can be used as timing devices (because it takes a certain, predictable amount of time to charge them), as filters (circuits that allow only certain signals to flow), for smoothing the voltage in circuits, for tuning (in radios and TVs), and for a variety of other purposes. Large supercapacitors can also be used instead of batteries.
Capacitors and capacitance
The amount of electrical energy a capacitor can store depends on its capacitance. The capacitance of a capacitor is a bit like the size of a bucket: the bigger the bucket, the more water it can store; the bigger the capacitance, the more electricity a capacitor can store. There are three ways to increase the capacitance of a capacitor. One is to increase the size of the plates. Another is to move the plates closer together. The third way is to make the dielectric as good an insulator as possible. Capacitors use dielectrics made from all sorts of materials. In transistor radios, the tuning is carried out by a large variable capacitor that has nothing but air between its plates. In most electronic circuits, the capacitors are sealed components with dielectrics made of ceramics such as mica and glass, paper soaked in oil, or plastics such as mylar.
Photo: This variable capacitor is attached to the main tuning dial in a transistor radio. When you turn the dial with your finger, you turn an axle running through the capacitor. This rotates a set of thin metal plates so they overlap to a greater or lesser extent with another set of plates threaded in between them. The degree of overlap between the plates alters the capacitance and that's what tunes the radio into a particular station.
How do we measure capacitance?
The size of a capacitor is measured in units called farads (F), named for English electrical pioneer Michael Faraday (1791–1867). One farad is a huge amount of capacitance so, in practice, most of the capacitors we come across are just fractions of a farad—typically microfarads (millionths of a farad, written μF), nanofarads (thousand-millionths of a farad written nF), and picofarads (million millionths of a farad, written pF). Supercapacitors store far bigger charges, sometimes rated in thousands of farads.
Why do capacitors store energy?
If you find capacitors mysterious and weird, and they don't really make sense to you, try thinking about gravity instead. Suppose you're standing at the bottom of some steps and you decide to start climbing. You have to heave your body up, against Earth's gravity, which is an attractive (pulling) force. As physicists say, you have to "do work" to climb a ladder (work against the force of gravity) and use energy. The energy you use isn't lost, but stored by your body as gravitational potential energy, which you could use to do other things (whizzing down a slide back to ground level, for example).
What you do when you climb steps, ladders, mountains, or anything else is work against Earth's gravitational field. A very similar thing is going on in a capacitor. If you have a positive electrical charge and a negative electrical charge, they attract one another like the opposite poles of two magnets—or like your body and Earth. If you pull them apart, you have to "do work" against this electrostatic force. Again, just like with climbing steps, the energy you use isn't lost, but stored by the charges as they separate. This time it's called electrical potential energy. And this, if you've not guessed by now, is the energy that a capacitor stores. Its two plates hold opposite charges and the separation between them creates an electric field. That's why a capacitor stores energy.
Why do capacitors have two plates?
As we've already seen, capacitors have two conducting plates separated by an insulator. The bigger the plates, the closer they are, and the better the insulator in between them, the more charge a capacitor can store. But why are all these things true? Why don't capacitors just have one big plate? Let's try and find a simple and satisfying explanation.
Suppose you have a big metal sphere mounted on an insulating, wooden stand. You can store a certain amount of electric charge on the sphere; the bigger it is (the bigger its radius), the more charge you can store, and the more charge you store, the bigger the potential (voltage) of the sphere. Eventually, though, you'll reach a point where if you add so much as a single extra electron (the smallest possible unit of charge), the capacitor will stop working. The air around it will break down, turning from an insulator to a conductor: charge will zap through the air to Earth (ground) or another nearby conductor as a spark—an electric current—in a mini bolt of lightning. The maximum amount of charge you can store on the sphere is what we mean by its capacitance. The voltage (V), charge (Q), and capacitance are related by a very simple equation:
C = Q/V
So the more charge you can store at a given voltage, without causing the air to break down and spark, the higher the capacitance. If you could somehow store more charge on the sphere without reaching the point where you created a spark, you would effectively increase its capacitance. How might you do that?
Forget about the sphere. Suppose you have a flat metal plate with the maximum possible charge stored on it and you find the plate is at a certain voltage. If you bring a second identical plate up close to it, you'll find you can store much more charge on the first plate for the same voltage. That's because the first plate creates an electric field all around it that "induces" an equal and opposite charge on the second plate. The second plate therefore reduces the voltage of the first plate. We can now store more charge on the first plate without causing a spark. We can keep on doing that until we reach the original voltage. With more charge (Q) stored for exactly the same voltage (V), the equation C = Q/V tells us that we've increased the capacitance of our charge storing device by adding a second plate, and this is essentially why capacitors have two plates and not one. In practice, the extra plate makes a huge difference—which is why all practical capacitors have two plates.
How can we increase the capacitance?
It's intuitively obvious that if you make the plates bigger, you'll be able to store more charge (just as if you make a closet bigger you can stuff more things inside it). So increasing the area of the plates also increases the capacitance. Less obviously, if we reduce the distance between the plates, that also increases the capacitance. That's because the shorter the distance between the plates, the more effect the plates have on one another. The second plate, being closer, reduces the potential of the first plate even more, and that increases the capacitance.
Artwork: A dielectric increases the capacitance of a capacitor by reducing the electric field between its plates, so reducing the potential (voltage) of each plate. That means you can store more charge on the plates at the same voltage. The electric field in this capacitor runs from the positive plate on the left to the negative plate on the right. Because opposite charges attract, the polar molecules (grey) of the dielectric line up in the opposite way—and this is what reduces the field.
The final thing we can do to increase the capacitance is to change the dielectric (the material between the plates). Air works pretty well, but other materials are even better. Glass is at least 5 times more effective than air, which is why the earliest capacitors (Leyden jars, using ordinary glass as the dielectric) worked so well, but it's heavy, impractical, and hard to squeeze into small spaces. Waxed paper is about 4 times better than air, very thin, cheap, easy to make in large pieces, and easy to roll, which makes it an excellent, practical dielectric. The best dielectric materials are made of polar molecules (ones with more positive electric charge on one side and more negative electric charge on the other). When they sit in the electric field between two capacitor plates, they line up with their charges pointing opposite to the field, which effectively reduces it. That reduces the potential on the plates and, as before, increases their capacitance. Theoretically, water, which is made of really tiny polar molecules, would make an excellent dielectric, roughly 80 times better than air. Practically, though, it's not so good (it leaks and dries out and changes from a liquid to ice or steam at relatively modest temperatures), so it's not used in real capacitors.
Chart: Different materials make better or worse dielectrics according to how well they insulate the space between a capacitor's plates and reduce the electric field between them. A measurement called the relative permittivity tells us how good a dielectric something will make. A vacuum is the worst dielectric and is given a relative permittivity of 1. Other dielectrics are measured relative (by comparing them) to a vacuum. Air is roughly the same. Paper is about 3 times better. Alcohol and water, which have polar molecules, make particularly good dielectrics.
Talk about bad timing. In an election year rife with anti-immigrant sentiment, U.S. Customs and Border Patrol statistics show that apprehensions of unaccompanied minors from Central America have spiked to levels near those in the first six months of fiscal year 2014, when the issue became a political football and a source of hysteria for some Americans.
According to a recent report by the Pew Research Center, CBP apprehended 27,754 unaccompanied minors on the U.S.-Mexico border during the fist six months of the 2016 fiscal year, which began this past October 1. That's close to the mark reached for the first six months of fiscal year 2014 (28,579) and 78 percent higher than apprehensions during the first six months of fiscal year 2015.
Totals for this year could exceed 2014's record high of 68,000 unaccompanied minors apprehended, according to Wendy Young, president of the Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit Kids in Need of Defense (KiND), an organization co-founded by actress Angelina Jolie, which works to pair volunteer attorneys with children seeking asylum in this country.
Continue Reading
"I've heard numbers of anywhere from 70,000 to 100,000," Young tells New Times.
Young says the current surge, like the one in 2014, is propelled by the violence, poverty, and lawlessness in countries like El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala, where children are literally "running for their lives" from gangs, narco-traffickers, and "transnational criminal cartels" that target children.
"They're going after children both to intimidate communities and recruit kids into their midst," Young explains. "They're taking girls as sex slaves, and unfortunately the governments in the region are too weak, in some cases too corrupt, to control the violence."
According to Pew, there's also a spike in minors traveling with family members, with more than 32,000 family members detained in the first six months of the current fiscal year — compared to the 13,913 family members detained on the southern border during the first half of fiscal year 2015.
Young says many of the family units are young mothers with very young children. Many are from Central America. And many are housed in what she describes as "large, institutional, jail-like detention facilities" run by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security while they await deportation hearings.
As was the case in 2014, most unaccompanied minors and family units are being apprehended in the Rio Grande sector. But there have been significant increases in apprehensions in Arizona's Tucson and Yuma sectors, as well.
EXPAND Hillary Clinton at a CNN town-hall meeting in 2014 screenshot
Under federal law, unaccompanied minors from countries other than Mexico or Canada are supposed to be transferred by DHS to the Office of Refugee Resettlement, part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
ORR's website states that the average stay for minors in its custody is 34 days, and that the overwhelming number of them are turned over to family members. Young says that about 10 percent of these minors have no family in the U.S. and may remain in custody for months.
Each child is guaranteed his or her day in immigration court to fight deportation, but the federal government does not provide attorneys for the children. That's where Young's group helps out.
It's worth noting that unaccompanied minors make up only a small fraction of CBP apprehensions. (In fiscal year 2014, during the last surge, unaccompanied minors accounted for just 14 percent of the total number of persons CBP apprehended that year.)
And illegal immigration in general is at historic lows, according to CBP statistics. In fiscal year 2000, the agency apprehended 1.6 million undocumented immigrants. That number has steadily declined year by year, to just over 337,000 in the 2015 fiscal year — a drop of nearly 80 percent.
Last month, Pew reported that the number of Mexicans apprehended by CBP had "dropped to the lowest levels in nearly 50 years." Mexican nationals still account for more than half of all apprehensions in fiscal year 2015.
Why was there a lull in unaccompanied minors in fiscal year 2015? Young says it's because after 2014, the U.S. began to fund the Mexican government's efforts to stop Central Americans at Mexico's southern border and send them back home. "From a law-enforcement perspective that was working," says Young. "Then the smugglers shifted their routes. So they managed to work their way around Mexican enforcement."
And because the poverty and violence in Central America persists, so does the flow of migrants (though Young adds that migrants also seek refuge in more stable countries in the region, such as Costa Rica and Nicaragua).
Trump has made anti-immigrant rhetoric a centerpiece of his campaign for president. Gage Skidmore via Flickr
Young says the root causes of the violence that propels the migration, such as drug trafficking and the breakdown in the rule of law, must be addressed. But even then, a change in the situation will not occur overnight.
Meanwhile, Young worries about public reaction to a new spike in migrant children crossing the border, particularly during a political season where the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party, Donald Trump, has suggested building a wall on the southern border and talked of expelling all undocumented immigrants.
In 2014, angry, anti-immigrant crowds in various parts of the nation targeted detention centers and other places where the immigrant children were being taken. At the time, even mainstream politicians, such as former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, said kids crossing the border alone should return to their home countries.
"We are quite concerned that there will be a huge backlash against these kids," Young says, "and that we're going to forget that they're refugees and we're going to forget that they are children and adopt even harsher law-enforcement policies to push them back."
Probably the most important foreign policy challenge that a country can face is deciding when to go to war. And, based on a new study, the American public is much more hawkish on this issue than are the country's international relations experts.
There's been some sense of this gap for a while, but a new study — from the researchers at William & Mary and the University of Wisconsin — confirmed it. The researchers asked an identical set of questions about war to a random sample of Americans and academics who study international relations. An analysis of the data by two scholars found that in almost all situations, the public is more likely to support wars than the experts are.
The reasons for this might surprise you, and go well beyond just the fact that academics can tend to be liberal. The study raises some pretty serious questions about how American foreign policy works — and whether it's working the way it should.
What the study found
The researchers asked both groups, public and academic, about whether it was a good idea to go to war in eight different hypothetical cases. Here, as examples, are a question from the study about Iran and another about China:
Would you support or oppose taking military action if it were certain Iran was close to producing a nuclear weapon? Would you support or oppose taking military action to support the government of Taiwan in the event of a Chinese invasion of the island?
Here's a chart of what they found, courtesy of the analysis by Penn's Michael C. Horowitz and UT Dallas's Idean Salehyan, for Political Violence at a Glance. The countries on the left refer to the various scenarios. For example the results for "Taiwan" mean that 36 percent of surveyed experts supported the US going to war in the Taiwan-China scenario above, as did 43 percent of the public:
In every case except Estonia (an interesting exception we'll come back to), the experts are less inclined to use force than is the public.
The numbers on Iran and ISIS are especially stunning: More than 60 percent of Americans support war in those scenarios, but only about 25 percent of experts do.
Academia is known for skewing more liberal than the general public, but political ideology alone doesn't account for the gap between experts and the general public. Horowitz and Salehyan compared conservatives in the public sample to conservative academics, and found that the general trend held: Academic conservatives are "far less likely to support the use of military force" than are general public conservatives.
Liberal academics were also less hawkish than the liberal general public. Horowitz and Salehyan looked at the two cases of humanitarian intervention, Sudan and Myanmar, an issue that often splits the left. They found that liberal academics were less willing to endorse an American-led intervention in those cases than liberals in the public were.
So the data is pretty clear: There is, in the United States, a systematic gap between public willingness to wage war and whether experts think it's a good idea. The big question is why.
Why do scholars and the public disagree on war?
The most compelling explanation for the gap, according to Horowitz and Salehyan, is that expert knowledge is leading them to make different judgments than the public. Knowing a lot of relevant information can pretty substantially alter people's opinions, and it looks like that's what's happening here.
International relations experts also tend to spend a lot of time thinking about working within various theories and schools of thought about how the world works. There's obviously a lot of diversity of thinking within the field, but in general, established international relations thinking suggests that the United States is too inclined to go to war in cases where it might not be effective or a smart use of resources.
This helps explain why experts, with their knowledge of specific case studies and overarching trends, are typically less likely than the general public to conclude that war is a good idea.
This also helps explains the one case in this study where experts are more willing to go to war than is the public: Estonia. (Here's the specific question: "Would you support or oppose taking military action to support the government of Estonia in the event that Russia intervenes militarily in support of ethnic Russians living in Estonia?")
Estonia (unlike Ukraine, or any of the other countries mentioned in the study) is a member of NATO. If Russia were to attack it, all NATO members, including the US, would be treaty-obligated to defend it. That means that in the scenario described, either the US goes to war with Russia to defend Estonia or NATO collapses.
Knowing both that NATO's charter obligates the US to defend Estonia and the consequences of the US not adhering to its obligations, as well as understanding why preserving NATO might be important enough to justify war with Russia, are probably all more common among experts than non-experts. Lacking this information, a person might more easily conclude that Estonia is a very small country not worth going to war with Russia over.
That's fine if the general public doesn't have detailed knowledge about the long-term significance of European security treaties — most people don't need this information to go about their daily lives, any more than international relations scholars have to possess esoteric knowledge about, say, dentistry. But it helps explain the disparity of opinion.
Should we be worried about the divide between experts and the public?
"IR scholars might be tempted to conclude that with greater knowledge of world events, they have more accurate and nuanced views about the appropriateness of force," Horowitz and Salehyan write.
People familiar with the data and history we have about war are dramatically less likely to support going to war
Still, as the two scholars point out, IR researchers have a history of blowing it: Most famously, virtually no one saw the collapse of the Soviet Union coming, a failure the field is still reckoning with. Plus, it's not always clear what IR scholars really know for sure. It's much harder to design rigorous scientific tests in international relations than it is in physics or even economics, and IR scholars disagree with each other a lot.
And yet, IR scholars really have learned some things about the world — the finding that democracies never or almost never go to war with one another is a genuine breakthrough (even if the reasons why it's true are still disputed). And there's a lot of good research on smaller questions, such as whether arming rebel groups is a good way to make a civil war less bloody, that are obviously relevant to American policy.
Where the public-scholar divide becomes most striking is on the issues that dominate the news and political discourse. On key issues of the day — ISIS, Iran, Ukraine — people familiar with the data and history we have about war are dramatically less likely to support going to war than is the general public. This should not be considered a conversation-ending case against war, of course, but it is an interesting insight into how we as a society work through these important foreign policy questions.
Which points to a bigger issue. Policymakers and the international relations academy aren't very good at communicating with each other — but politicians definitely care about what the voters think. That might subtly be tilting America's political conversation in a more hawkish direction.
VIDEO: Why war is going away
So as I've logged in every day for the past 6 months or so, and after reading a million blogs and posts, I realize I have a few things in common with a lot of you.
One of them is looking at my body in the mirror and still seeing the same person before I lost 20 pounds. Why don't I look different I keep asking myself.
It gets funnier. Honest.
I've gotten a few compliments about my weight loss, but I think most people are afraid to broach the subject. Or perhaps they really don't notice because I carried the weight well. All of this confirms the fact that I still look "blah." I have to remind myself that my body IS in fact changing.
So here are 5 ways you know you are losing weight:
Wiping with more ease. True story. I didn't realize I was struggling before, but now I can wipe my butt like a pro.
Taking a bubble bath with my husband without feeling like a whale.
Love handles are almost gone. Now they are like little wrinkles instead of rolls. Improvement!
Yoga isn't so hard. I can clasp my arms behind my back like Ana Brett and do all her cool moves without my fat getting in the way.
My wedding rings aren't cutting off my blood supply. Fingers are smaller and cuter than ever. I guess I don't have to amputate that finger after all.
Bhavesh Nakate was hanging from outside with just a grip on the steel pole inside the coach.
The shocking death of a 21-year-old Mumbai youth, who fell off a running local train between Kopar and Diva Junction, has exposed that traveling in overcrowded Mumbai local trains during the rush hour is not safe at all.
Bhavesh Nakate's death was captured on a mobile phone and the video shows him hanging from outside with just a grip on the steel pole inside the coach since he was unable to get inside the compartment due to heavy rush.
Nakate lost his balance and fell on the tracks after loosening his grip when the train was running along in full speed. Nakate lost his balance and fell on the tracks after loosening his grip when the train was running along in full speed.
Nakate was a resident of Sunil Nagar in Dombivli (East) and was working with a logistics company in the financial capital of the country. He took the CST-bound Mumbai local at Dombivli.
Nakate lost his balance and fell on the tracks after loosening his grip when the train was running along in full speed.
An injured Nakate was rushed to the Shastri Nagar hospital in Dombivli (West) where he was declared brought dead.
New Delhi: Will India succeed in improving its ranking in the next edition of the Doing Business report published by the World Bank?
The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) believes it has done enough in the past one year to move the country up in the rankings, but not enough to make it to the desired Top 50 countries in the world in terms of doing business. The Union government made its case before a mission from the World Bank on Monday.
The World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Index 2015 ranked India at 142, after it slipped two places, among 189 countries measured.
If India succeeds in improving its rankings, the NDA will claim that this is the result of the structural reforms it has pursued in incremental fashion since taking charge of the country in May last year.
Making a case for a better regulatory environment in India, the government pitched reforms such as doing away with the minimum paid-up capital for companies, single-step incorporation of companies, and reduced documentation for exports and imports, to a two-member team from the World bank collecting data for the Doing Business Report, 2016.
The World Bank defines ease of doing business around the rules and regulations that assist in creating a “dynamic private sector".
“Doing Business promotes rules that establish and clarify property rights, minimize the cost of resolving disputes, increase the predictability of economic interactions and provide contractual partners with core protections against abuse," the Bank said in its 2015 report.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has set his government the challenging task of improving India's rank to the Top 50 by 2017 to attract investors. Accordingly, the NDA has since launched a drive to improve the country's business environment, unveiling several labour reforms, swifter approvals for businesses to boost manufacturing and job creation and efforts to bring transparency and stability in tax rates.
The reforms the government mentioned to the World Bank team include doing away with the requirement of having a seal and filing a declaration of commencement for companies, facilitating loans or guarantee to a fully owned subsidiary company, simplified processes to approve related-party transactions, taking board resolutions off the list of mandatory disclosure requirements, facilitating revival and rehabilitation of small and medium-sized businesses, and constituting Customs Clearance Facilitation Committees at ports to facilitate expeditious clearance of goods.
Officials from the department of economic affairs, department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), ministry of corporate affairs and the central board of direct taxes met the delegation from the World Bank on Monday.
The government said in a statement that the team “appreciated the efforts made by the government and promised to take note of initiatives taken..."
The Doing Business rankings are based on consultations by the World Bank with legal and accounting professionals, government officials and business practitioners, across countries.
Onno Ruhl, the World Bank's country director for India, observed at the release of last year's ranking that though India was carrying out reforms and improving its position on various indices, it needed to outperform its peers for a better rank.
D.K. Srivastava, chief policy advisor at consulting firm EY, said, “For the ease of doing business rankings, the World Bank utilizes about 10 indices. The government has so far only attended to entry-related issues that are likely to be facilitated and might improve India's ranking this time even though not very significantly. For other indicators, little action has been taken so far. So achieving a ranking in the Top 50 is likely to take longer than two years. It is an uphill and time-consuming task that will require more effort from the government."
DIPP also issued a framework for assessing state-level reforms to enable ease of doing business on Monday, coinciding with the visit of the World Bank team. DIPP is looking to rank all state governments as the business environments in states is seen as an important factor in attracting investments.
The department also set up a panel in April to recommend a simpler mechanism to replace the myriad permissions currently required to start a business and has integrated 14 central government services on the eBiz platform that aims to provide a single-window clearance mechanism for businesses so that they can apply for all required approvals at one place online to cut red tape and improve transparency.
Midnight in Paris
Woody Allen's latest places starving writer Owen Wilson in Paris with his fiancée, Rachel McAdams. Searching for inspiration for his incomplete novel, Owen begins taking strolls around the city at night where he discovers an unexpected group of people. I wish I could be more specific, but it would ruin the surprise. Know that it is brilliant, witty and full of mystique. 92% on Rotten Tomatoes (RT).
Let the Right One In
The best vampire movie ever made in my opinion. Let the Right One In is a truly unique story about a young boy and his new blood-sucking friend from next door. This film is a heart-warming love story with sprees of gory violence, which the director pulls off brilliantly. To say this movie blows ‘Twilight' out of the water is a terrible understatement. 98% RT. Note: This film also has an American counterpart called Let Me In that is almost as good.
Watch Let the Right One In for FREE on Amazon Instant Video
The Man From Earth
Holy &#%@ this film's plot is fascinating! A professor gathers his academic friends and confesses that he is a caveman who has been alive since prehistoric times thanks to a gene mutation allowing his cells to replicate without error. This claim is of course met with much skepticism, resulting in some very intriguing conversation about mortality and the history of mankind.
Garden State
This is my absolute favorite film. Garden State is the story of an actor who goes back to his hometown for his mother's funeral and starts figuring out what he wants in life. It's chock-full of quirky humor, funny characters and ruminations on life. Not to mention the soundtrack is phenomenal. I recommend Garden State to every person I talk to about movies and have yet to hear a bad review :)
Waking Life
It's impossible for you to grasp Waking Life without actually watching it, but I'll do my best to explain it. The ‘plot' centers around lucid dreaming with the main character floating around dreamscapes having incredibly interesting conversations with strangers about a variety of topics. Each conversation concerns something I would write about for the Mind-Blowing Concepts category of this site. Plus it's all presented in trippy animated sequences.
Watch Waking Life for FREE on Amazon Instant Video
Closer
This film is a rather dark, yet comedic story about the twisted relationships between Natalie Portman, Jude Law, Clive Owen and Julia Roberts. Instead of going with the normal romantic-comedy theme, Closer shows the sinful, deceptive, human side of love and infatuation. If I say anything else, I'll start to give some of the plot-twists away so just watch it.
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly (Le Scaphendre et le Papillon)
A beautifully shot film from the first-person perspective of Jean-Do (Mathieu Almaric), a man who has everything before he becomes paralyzed in a car accident. After a painstaking recovery in the hospital, Jean is only able to communicate by blinking his eye. I really can't fully convey how amazing the cinematography is throughout the film, nor how tragic the story is. The Diving Bell and the Butterfly is straight visual art.
Sin Nombre
Sin Nombre is the intense story of a runaway gangster and a young Honduran girl crossing paths en route to illegally enter the United States. The film gives you a detailed look at life in Central America and the conditions under which people travel on their way to the American border. Lots of action, suspense, love, sex and a very climatic ending.
Snatch
Snatch is Brad Pitt's lesser known Fight Club, except he's an ever bigger badass in this film (if that's possible). The plot twists around gangsters, mobsters and Pitt's gang of Irish misfits and all of the conflict that ensues. Snatch is rather similar to it's predecessor, Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, but provides a fresh spin on the multi-plot, mob-violence theme.
Watch Snatch for FREE on Amazon Instant Video
Spirited Away
I'm not big on anime but this movie is awesome. Written and directed by acclaimed director Hayao Miyakzaki, Spirited Away is the story of a young girl whisked away to a kind of ‘spirit resort' where she must work her way to getting back to her parents. All of the characters are so damn creative and goofy. It's a bit strange at first, but once you get into groove with this movie, you'll be hooked.
The Descent
This movie is really, really scary. A group of female spelunkers decides to take a weekend to explore an uncharted abyss they have stumbled upon. Little do they know that there is a race of uber-creepy creatures wandering around looking for food down there. The storyline sounds stupid, but the way the film is shot and how the suspense builds before the creatures are introduced makes for a bone-chilling watch. **Warning: If you plan on exploring any caves in the next few months, do NOT watch this movie.
Once
Once is the story of two musicians that meet by chance and begin to make beautiful music together, and subsequently fall in love. The two actors are actually the duo band, The Swell Season. Honestly you could just listen to the soundtrack of this film and get the gist of the plot, but the plot does add to the meaning of the lyrics.
Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?
Three escaped convicts make their way towards their stowed away riches in a spree of comedy & misfortunes. The three stooges-like trio narrowly escape the law, the KKK and their own impudence in their treasure-driven adventure. This one is laugh-out-loud funny all the way though.
Punch Drunk Love
Paul Thomas Anderson directs Adam Sandler in his most serious and impressive role to date. Adam plays a shy & damaged nobody who runs off with a woman and learns about who he is along the way. This dark humored indie-drama is highly underrated. Check it out!
Boogie Nights
Young Mark Wahlberg plays an up-and-coming porn star in the 70's and 80's. Much comedy and drama ensues. 92% on RT.
The Fountain
Your jaw will drop at some point during this film. Hugh Jackman plays a scientist hunting for a cure to his wife's cancer while, in a separate storyline, he plays out the main character's role in the book she is writing. The two storylines intertwine in a fantastic way and ends the movie with the most beautiful scene I have witnessed in any film.
The Closet (Le Placard)
Ridiculously funny French film about a man (Daniel Auteuil) who pretends to come out of the closet at work to keep his boss from firing him. Of course this lands him in all sort of funny situations and conversations, etc. Daniel Auteuil can play the most awkward, laughable character, so he really shines in this role.
Mystery Men
Laugh your head off watching a ridiculous group of ‘superheroes' band together to face mastermind, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush). I think the best way to let you know what is in store is to list of the characters and their respective powers:
Ben Stiller as ‘Mr. Furious' — Can become extremely angry on command
William H. Macy as ‘The Shoveler' — Extremely good with a shovel. “Lucille, God gave me a gift. I shovel well. I shovel very well.”
Hank Azaria as ‘The Blue Raja' — Can throw forks and spoons (but not so many knives) with pristine accuracy
Kel Mitchel as ‘The Invisible Boy' — Can become invisible, but only when no one else is looking at him. “When you go invisible, you can just feel it!”
Paul Reubens as ‘Spleen' — Can fart with the pull of a finger with deadly accuracy thanks to a curse from a gypsy.
Greg Kinnear also appears as ‘Captain Amazing', the city's beloved superhero.
Rubber
Unique, clever & bizarre. These are the words I choose to describe Rubber — a film that follows an animate tired (yes, like on a car) that rolls are blowing things up with its mind. It has some other strange elements to it that I won't event try to explain here. Just watch it! It will be unlike any other movie you have ever seen, guaranteed.
Watch Rubber for FREE on Amazon Instant Video
Kung Fu Hustle
Kung Fu Hustle puts a crazy spin on the classic kung fu film. An unlikely group of heroes, each with bizarre powers (the woman pictured can scream loud enough to kill people) goes up against an axe gang that threatens to overrun their town. Out-of-this-world fight sequences and strange plot twists make this film unlike any other action flick out there. 90% RT
Watch Kung Fu Hustle for FREE on Amazon Instant Video
Magnolia
This movie is a trip to say the least. I couldn't even begin to describe the plot, so I'll let IMDB do it for me: “An epic mosaic of several interrelated characters in search of happiness, forgiveness, and meaning.” Paul Thomas Anderson directs Julianna Moore, Tom Cruise, Philip Seymour Hoffman, William H. Macy, John C. Reilly and Philip Hall. The combo is just phenomenal.
12 Angry Men
The only classic film on this list, 12 Angry Men centers around the jury in a murder case in which one man strives to convince the other 11 jurors of the plaintiff's innocence. It's like a clever CSI episode from 1957 that also happened to get 100% on RT.
Enter the Void
This one starts off with the protagonist taking a hit of DMT (if you don't know what that is, get ready for the most interesting Google search in recent memory) and the absolutely beautiful visuals that follow. Soon after, the guy is killed in a drug deal gone bad. We spend the rest of the film watching the after-math of his murder from the perspective of his soul, having now floated out of his body. Meanwhile the other characters reflect on consciousness and mortality in light of their sudden exposure to death.
Cash Back
A confused young man decides to take advantage of his insomnia by getting a late night job at the local 24/7 grocery. There he learns that he can somehow stop time with his mind. Oddly this power has little to do with the plot, which centers mostly around his search for meaning and the girl pictured above. If you like independent movies, you have to give this one a chance.
The Big Lebowski
The Big Lebowski is, in my opinion, the funniest movie ever made. Jeff Bridges stars as ‘The Dude' who is sucked into a world of crime and oddity after some loan sharks mistake him for a rich man of the same name and urinate on his rug. Words cannot describe how fucking awesome and hilarious the plot of this movie is. Do yourself a huge favor and watch it right now.
&
If you're ready to transcend your conditioning and uncover your deeper potential…
Our new course was designed for you.
Russian LGBT activists have addressed the Prosecutor General's office claiming MP Elena Mizulina and the recently approved bill on ‘propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations to minors' promote hatred towards gays.
The news was announced by Nikolay Alekseyev, one of the leaders of Russian LGBT community, in an interview with the popular daily Izvestia. Alekseyev gave no details on who submitted the complaint or when it was done.
“Mizulina should be jailed for infringing minorities' rights and inciting hatred for those who have non-traditional orientation. Millions of people suffer because of her actions,” Alekseyev told the newspaper.
Yelena Mizulina chairs the Lower House Committee for Children, Women and Family. She is one of the main sponsors of the controversial bill and has repeatedly defended it in the mass media.
“Our bill has a very particular objective – to put a barrier between children and illegal information. People are not annoyed by gays, they are annoyed by unsolicited and emphatic promotion, by propaganda,” Mizulina told the press.
The State Duma last week passed the bill, introducing heavy fines for propaganda of non-traditional sex relations to minors. Initially the bill banned gay propaganda, but the formula was changed before the final reading after gay activists and human rights campaigners repeatedly noted that direct mentioning of gays was discriminatory.
However, the current draft stretches the definition of propaganda as far as “promoting the distorted understanding of social equality of traditional and non-traditional sex relations.” Some Russian mass media and public figures have already noted that this can only be understood as a ban on tolerance.
The bill is yet to be approved by the Upper House and signed by the president to come into force.
LGBT activists held protests against the bill on all days of hearings (and on the days when the hearings were scheduled, but postponed) and every time these protests ended in clashes with the bill's supporters and in eventual detentions. However, the number of protesters and their opponents never exceeded a few dozen.
As the ban on non-traditional sex propaganda was passed by the Duma it received critical comments from German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who said through her government representative that the bill contradicted the European Convention on Human Rights.
The official said that German cabinet still hoped that the bill banning the propaganda of non-traditional sex would be canceled.
The head of Russian parliamentary committee for international relations, Aleksey Pushkov, promised there would be no reaction to the German Chancellor's call.
“This call will not be heard. An acute conflict of values is looming” Pushkov tweeted.
Parliament to vote this month on proposal by the Party for the Animals to ban Jewish slaughter in Holland. Jews and Muslims unite to fight it.
A controversial vote is set to take place in Holland's parliament this month which could determine the future of Dutch Jewry. Marianne Thieme, leader of the small Party for the Animals, has proposed that religious slaughter without stunning the animal first be outlawed.
A Dutch parliamentary commission has agreed to hear a Jewish and a Muslim delegation this Thursday on the issue. UK Chief Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks will take part in the meeting, having been invited by the representatives of the local Jewish community.
Dr. Manfred Gerstenfeld, Director of the Institute for Global Jewish Affairs, has written an open letter to the MPs of the Dutch parliament, decrying the faulty research that was cited to “prove” that Jewish ritual slaughter – known as shechita (sh'khitah) – is less humane than electro-shocking, which has a significant 5-8% failure rate at first try, causing pain and suffering to the animals. Over 12 million pigs are killed by electro-shock in Holland each year, meaning approximately 500,000 failures, but only 3000 kosher animals are ritually slaughtered.
Gerstenfeld, who is also the Chairman of the Board of Fellows at the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs, writes that the placing the burden of proof upon the Jewish community to show that existing kosher slaughter is as humane as regular “stunning” slaughter “only fits a non-democratic state.”
The open letter was published on a major Dutch website, and within an hour, Volkskrant, one of the largest national dailies, put it on its website.
In a rare move, the Anti Defamation League, the American Jewish Committee, B'nai B'rith International, the Orthodox Union, the Simon Wiesenthal Center and the World Jewish Congress wrote a joint letter to Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte about this issue. They criticized the proposed law for its limitations of freedom of religion, and condemned the unscientific attacks on kosher slaughter.
The Party for Animals cited a report by Wagerningen University against kosher slaughter. However, Prof. Joe Regenstein of Cornell University, who studied the Wageningen report, has noted its “mistakes, misjudgments and other serious shortcomings,” and is supported in his criticism by international expert Prof. Temple Grandin of Colorado State University. TNO, a respected Dutch scientific research organization, joined the critics of the report.
Gerstenfeld has also written an op-ed for IsraelNationalNews on the topic, noting that the joint letter by the American Jewish organization “politely recalled the lengthy historical link between banning kosher slaughter and anti-Semitism and the similarities with the proposed Dutch law. One can only wonder why the authors have expressed their concerns so courteously in view of the way the Party for the Animals unhesitatingly whipped up emotions via a video totally irrelevant to Dutch kosher slaughter, based itself on critically challenged science, and released false citations attributed to rabbis.”
The Caribbean island nation's communist authorities said Tuesday that from December 7 doctors will again be required to ask permission to travel abroad for private reasons.
"In the last three years, nearly half a million Cubans have traveled to other countries on personal business," the government reported, saying it represented an 81 percent surge over the prior three-year period. "In this context, migration of Cuban health professionals is a concern for the country."
Havana blames a US program that encourages Cuba's skilled medical workers to abandon posts abroad and emigrate to the United States for exacerbating a brain drain on the former Cold War adversary.
Inside Cuba, doctors and nurses complain that their profession has been devastated by an exodus of skilled personnel - with vital specialists now absent in many clinics and hospitals.
Reverses 2013 reform
A landmark emigration law passed in January 2013 allows Cubans to travel abroad without restrictions for the first time in half a century. And under Cold War-era US immigration law, Cubans who reach US territory are allowed to stay and are put on a fast-track to permanent residency.
Cuba might be impoverished, but it has long been known for producing quality medical professionals and providing excellent medical services. There are about 85,000 Cuban doctors with about 25,000 working in more than 50 countries.
Many Cuban doctors cite low salaries, poor working conditions and the possibility of well-paid jobs in other countries, especially the US, as their primary reasons for leaving.
But Havana laid the blame on Washington's permissive attitude to accepting Cuban nationals and sad the new restrictions will "mitigate damage occurring as a result of the United States' selective and politicized immigration policy towards Cuba and the unplanned departure of doctors to other countries."
Cubans leaving as US relations improve
Over the past two years, at least 100,000 Cubans have emigrated to the United States, the majority going overland from Ecuador. The pace has quickened dramatically this year, with many Cubans fearing that the detente announced nearly a year ago between the United States and Cuba will mean the end to special migration privileges.
A sudden spike in November led Nicaragua to seal its southern border with Costa Rica, where some 4,000 Cubans are stuck in harsh conditions. Another 850 are backed up in Panama, unable to cross into Costa Rica.
Ecuador has also announced visa requirements for Cubans, further complicating the overland journey that required many migrants to cross eight national borders illegally on their journey to the US.
jar/gsw (AP, Reuters, AFP)
Early years Edit
Perry was born in Aiken, South Carolina. He has stated in an interview that "Even when I was little, I was big"; by the time he was 11 years old, he weighed 200 pounds.[1] Frequently ridiculed for his weight while growing up, Perry took advantage of his athleticism to silence his critics. He attended Aiken High School and played as a 295-pound nose guard on the school's football team and ran on its track team. During an exercise in which his coach instructed all of his fastest players to line up for a 100-yard dash, Perry joined the group of running backs, wide receivers and defensive backs and eventually was timed as the 6th fastest runner on the entire team, with a time of 11 seconds flat. He was also able to run the 100 meters in under 12 seconds, and competed in the shot put event, recording a top-throw of 16.44 m (53 ft 11 in).[2] He could also execute 360-degree dunks on regulation basketball hoops and perform a complicated dive into the swimming pool.[1]
College career Edit
Perry's athletic performances earned him a full-ride scholarship to attend Clemson University in Clemson, South Carolina, where he played for coach Danny Ford's Clemson Tigers football team from 1981 to 1984. He was a member of a national championship team in 1981, and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American as a junior in 1983. As a freshman in 1981, he earned his "Refrigerator" nickname when a fellow player could barely squeeze into an elevator with Perry and their laundry which they were taking to be washed. The player, Ray Brown, said "Man, you're about as big as a refrigerator."[1]
Professional career Edit
Personal life Edit
In June 2008, he was diagnosed with Guillain–Barré syndrome, a chronic inflammation disorder of the peripheral nerves.[12] On April 22, 2009, Perry was hospitalized in South Carolina in serious condition from his Guillain–Barré syndrome.[13] Perry spent approximately a month in the hospital before being released. In June 2010, it was reported that Perry suffered from hearing loss, but also that he was improving after his diagnosis of Guillain–Barré syndrome. He had lost more than one hundred pounds (50 kg), but was, by this time, back up to 330 lb (150 kg).[14] In February 2011, ESPN ran a somber article about him, citing ongoing health and drinking problems, and a weight of 400 lb (180 kg).[15] In January 2016, Perry, weighing more than 425 pounds, checked himself into the hospital to receive treatment for diabetes. Confined to a wheelchair, Perry revealed he had no feeling in his feet and was in danger of having his leg amputated.[16] In April 2011, Cliff Forrest, a 10-year-old child, discovered Perry's Super Bowl ring for sale. With help from his mother, he purchased it for $8,500 and returned the ring to Perry.[17] In September 2015, it was reported that Perry's Super Bowl ring was auctioned off for more than $200,000 by the man Perry had sold it to several years earlier.[18] As of October 29, 2014, Perry has been confined to his late father's home. Michael Dean Perry, his younger brother and another former NFL defensive lineman, is William's guardian and conservator for his affairs.[19] July 30, 2015, Perry's Super Bowl ring, the largest Super Bowl ring ever made, was auctioned off to an unknown bidder.[20][21] As of September 23, 2015, Perry is living off a monthly social security disability check, and also gets some disability money from the NFL as he lives in an assisted living townhouse.
Payday lenders and check cashers have never been more popular with consumers. There are more payday lenders in the U.S. than there are McDonald's locations and Starbucks combined. Yet their business practice of charging extremely high fees and interest rates is widely condemned.
Do alternative financial service providers merit their reputation as rip-off artists? Why do their customers choose to remain "unbanked?"
To better understand how these businesses operate and why people choose to patronize them, Lisa Servon took a break from teaching at the University of Pennsylvania to work as a teller in the South Bronx and Oakland. She discovered that traditional banks are neglecting the poor and bilking the middle class, leaving payday lenders and check cashers to fill a crucial need.
Reason's Todd Krainin spoke with Servon about The Unbanking of America: How the New Middle Class Survives, a first-hand account of what may be America's most widely misunderstood industry.
Read J.D. Tuccille's review of the book from our March 2017 issue.
Read Finance on the Fringe, our look at alternative banking services fifteen years ago.
Produced, edited, and hosted by Todd Krainin. Cameras by Meredith Bragg and Josh Swain.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Like us on Facebook.
Follow us on Twitter.
Subscribe to our podcast at iTunes.
This is a rush transcript—check all quotes against the audio for accuracy.
Todd Krainin: The first thing that really struck me in the book is that there are more payday lenders and check cashers in the United States than McDonald's and Starbucks combined. Is that true?
Lisa Servon: Yes.
Todd Krainin: That sounds crazy.
Lisa Servon: It's actually just payday lenders, right?
Todd Krainin: Right.
Lisa Servon: Not even counting the check cashers, and that's an important difference because, in 13 states, payday lending is illegal.
Todd Krainin: That speaks to some incredible need for this, what you call, alternative banking services.
Lisa Servon: Exactly. Exactly. Particularly in the case of payday lenders for short term credit; small amounts of money for a small amount of time.
Todd Krainin: What gave you the idea to take a break from your Ivy League job and work, of all places, in the South Bronx?
Lisa Servon: I was interested in why so many people were using alternative financial services ... Payday lenders, check cashers, pawnshops ... when the story about them that you hear in the press, and even from consumer advocates and from policymakers, is that they're predatory, they're taking advantage of poor people, and yet, in the early '90s, you started to see an upward trajectory of use. These businesses are growing an incredible amount. Payday lending grew from a $10 billion business to a $30 billion business in about 10 years in the early 2000s.
The implicit message in all of that writing was that low income people who were presumed to be the primary users ... I found out that wasn't exactly true either ... were somehow making bad decisions, that they weren't informed enough. If only they had the information that wealthier upper middle class people had then they would choose differently. That's the whole implicit message, even in the FDIC's categorization of people who's banked, unbanked, under-banked.
By looking at the numbers, I couldn't really figure it out. I knew from working in poor communities for 20 years that low income people know where their money goes, probably more than people who have more of a buffer. I realize that if I wanted to really understand it, I had to get as close to the problem as possible. When you're a researcher, you have to match the method to the question. The only method I could really figure out was to get really close.
I knew that even just talking to people and interviewing them would not give me the full story. It turned out to be right. Really, by working behind the window for months and looking at the way that people manage their money, I learned a ton.
Todd Krainin: These check cashers are often targets of journalists and academics as people who do or organizations that do, pray on poor, minority clients. Did you go into it with that expectation? Because that's the dominant narrative that's out there.
Lisa Servon: It's certainly what I thought before I began to look into it more deeply. A pivotal moment for me was having this man, Joe Coleman, who runs a chain of check cashers in the South Bronx and Harlem, come to a class I was teaching. At the moment that he walked in the door, my students and I all thought exactly what you said: these are bad guys; now one of them is coming to our class. We get to really ask him the tough questions.
Joe came in and he made a very compelling argument for why he felt like his businesses were serving people in those communities the way they needed to be served, and that banks were not doing that and banks didn't really want their business. That made me think maybe there's more to the story. I tried to go in with a really open mind once I went to both of those businesses and worked at them.
MANGALURU: The sixth additional district and sessions judge DT Puttarangaswamy on Friday awarded life Imprisonment to Mohan alias Cyanide Mohan in connection with the murder of a victim from Puttur.Mohan, a teacher by profession who allegedly poisoned 20 young women to death using cyanide between 2003 and 2009, was convicted in three cases was awarded death sentence in 2013. This was the fourth case.“The court has ordered life imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,000 under IPC Section 302, seven years rigorous imprisonment (RI) and a fine of Rs 5,000 under Section 376, seven years RI and a fine of Rs 4,000 under Section 328, six years RI and a fine of Rs 4,000 under Section 366, five years RI and a fine of Rs 4,000 under Section 392, five years RI and a fine of Rs 3,000 under Section 201, and a simple imprisonment for six months under Section 417,” public prosecutor Judith Crasta said.Mohan is subject to serve a two months simple imprisonment - if he fails to pay the penalty in all the cases in which he has been awarded RI.“My precedent passed death sentence, but the matter is pending before the High Court for confirmation of the death sentence. Passing of sentence in each case is taken independently and not applied in other cases, though the accused is the same person,” judge Puttarangaswamy stated in his ruling.The Court had on Wednesday convicted Mohan being guilty of rape, robbery and murder of a 22-year-old girl hailing from Puttur.According to the chargesheet filed on February 2, 2010, Mohan had befriended an unmarried girl from Puttur, who rolled beedis for a livelihood. Mohan introduced himself as Anand and said he belonged to the same caste. He also promised to marry her and they exchanged phone numbers. After a few days, Mohan called her to say he had arranged a job interview in Madikeri and that she should go with him. Mohan told her to wear as much jewellery as possible to impress the interviewer.The duo left for Madikeri in a bus and checked into a lodge. In the register, Mohan signed in as Anand and they were given Room No 3. That night, Mohan sexually assaulted her. The next morning, Mohan asked her to get ready for the interview and told her to leave all the valuables in the room as it was not necessary. After they reached the bus stand, Mohan told her that since they had sex the previous night, she could become pregnant and needed to take precautions. He convinced her that he had a medicine for it and she needed to take it in the washroom. He gave her cyanide. The victim, who believed it was a contraceptive pill, went into the washroom, consumed it and died instantly.Meanwhile, Mohan went back to the hotel room, collected all the valuables and her cell phone, and escaped, the chargesheet said.
OBJECTIVES:
A significant minority of the population consume multi-vitamins/minerals for their putative health benefits, including potentially beneficial effects on cognitive performance, fatigue and mood. The current study investigated the effect of supplementation with a multi-vitamin/mineral on fatigue and cognitive function in healthy females.
METHODS:
In this placebo-controlled, double blind, randomized, parallel groups trial the effect of a multi-vitamin/mineral (Supradyn) was assessed in 216 females aged 25-50 years. Participants attended the laboratory before and 9 weeks after commencing treatment. During both visits cognitive function and the modulation of task related mood/fatigue were assessed in two discrete 20-min assessment periods during which participants completed a four-module version of the Multi-Tasking Framework.
RESULTS:
Those in the vitamin/mineral group exhibited an attenuation of the negative effects of extended task completion on mood/fatigue. Multi-tasking performance for this group was also improved in terms of accuracy across all tasks, and on two of the individual tasks (Mathematical Processing and Stroop) in terms of both faster and more accurate responses. Analysis of a subsection (N = 102) demonstrated significant reductions in homocysteine levels following the vitamins/mineral supplement.
CONCLUSIONS:
These findings suggest that healthy members of the general population may benefit from augmented levels of vitamins/minerals via direct dietary supplementation.
Copyright 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
AIW May 28, 2016 "Back to the Future Cup" - Cleveland, OH
1. First Round: Brian Carson vs. Space Monkey
2. First Round: Frankie Flynn vs. Kaplan
3. First Round: Dr. Daniel C. Rockingham vs. Dominic Garrini
4. First Round: Garrison King vs. Joshua Singh
5. Brian Myers & Swoggle vs. Weird World
6. Big Damo vs. Laredo Kid
7. Back to the Future Cup Final
AIW May 28, 2016 "JT Lightning Invitational Tournament 2016 - Night 2" - Cleveland, OH
1. Semi-Final: Billy Gunn vs. BJ Whitmer vs. Colt Cabana vs. Josh Alexander
2. Semi-Final: Dan Severn vs. Ray Rowe vs. Tim Donst vs. Tracy Williams
3. Semi-Final: Alex Daniels vs. Cedric Alexander vs. DJ Z vs. Louis Lyndon
4. Brian Myers & Swoggle vs. Little Guido & Big Moe
5. Pick Your Poison: Eric Ryan vs. Josh Prohibition
6. Candice LeRae & Johnny Gargano vs. Hope & Change (Gregory Iron & Veda Scott)
7. Pick Your Poison: Ethan Page vs. Homicide
8. JT Lightning Invitational Tournament Final
9. After AIW Recap Show
AIW May 27, 2016 "JT Lightning Invitational Tournament 2016 - Night 1" - Cleveland, OH1. Cheech vs. Louis Lyndon2. Cedric Alexander vs. Veda Scott3. Little Guido vs. Tim Donst4. BJ Whitmer vs. Candice LeRae5. Colin Delaney vs. Dan Severn6. Billy Gunn vs. Brian Myers7. DJ Z vs. Laredo Kid8. Colt Cabana vs. Homicide9. Alex Daniels vs. Britt Baker10. Dominic Garrini vs. Tracy Williams11. Big Damo vs. Ray Rowe12. Johnny Gargano vs. Josh Alexander
The Dallas Streetcar — the new trolley running from downtown Dallas to Bishop Arts — is about to hit another milestone. On Monday, August 29, the service will officially open two new stops that represent phase two of the route, and it will also step up the frequency.
For those who simply can't wait, the service is offering a sneak peek beginning Monday, August 15.
In preparation for the new expanded service, cars will run every 20 minutes, seven days a week, between Union Station and Beckley; they've currently been running every 30 minutes.
The first trip leaves Union Station at 9:30 am and arrives at Beckley at 9:36 am.
In the other direction, the initial morning trip departs Beckley at 9:53 am and reaches Union Station at 10 am.
The final evening trip times remain unchanged: 11:30 pm outbound from Union Station, and 11:53 pm inbound from Beckley.
These are obviously not commuter trains.
Passenger service to the two new stops — 6th Street and Bishop Arts — will begin with a preview run during regular service hours on Saturday, August 27. The extended route officially launches on August 29, when new Route 723 Bishop Arts Service begins operation over Davis, Polk, Jefferson, and Zang. This will replace that portion of D-Link. The new 723 will be a full-fare local DART bus route.
Although this is a city of Dallas project, the deployment has been overseen by DART. Spokesman Mark Ball calls this sneak peek a trial run to get riders and train operators into the routine.
"The train has been running every 30 minutes, and we've only had one train running," Ball says. "With the shorter schedules, we're increasing the number of trains to two."
One other unique aspect is that the streetcar has a dual power source, in that it runs on both cables and battery. Its source of power comes from cables until it crosses over the bridge, when it reverts to battery power.
"Dallas is one of the first cities in the country to run on dual power," Ball says.
Palantir Technologies co-founder and CEO Alex Karp. Getty / Drew Angerer Secretive big data firm Palantir Technologies raised another $20 million in November, according to forms filed with the SEC on Wednesday.
As noted by TechCrunch, the Form D filing lists November 8 as the date of first sale, and says that the funding came from one backer, who wasn't identified. Other details are scarce.
Palantir did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The $20 million figure is a curiously low amount for a company that led an $880 million round of funding last December, has raised more than $2 billion total, and is said to be valued at $20 billion as a whole.
Formed in 2004 — with CIA money, in part — Palantir is simultaneously one of the biggest and most buttoned-up companies in Silicon Valley. It sells data-sifting and management tools to US government defense and intelligence agencies, as well as finance, healthcare, and other corporations, but has notoriously shielded its activities from the public.
The past year has been a rocky one for the company, too, with lawsuits against investors, accusations of racial discrimination in hiring, and a reported loss of employees and big-name clients. And while the company is said to be hauling in large amounts of revenue, recent reports have said it isn't yet profitable.
Palantir co-founder Peter Thiel. Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for New York Times All that said, the company may have rosier days ahead thanks to the forthcoming Trump administration. Peter Thiel, one of Palantir's co-founders, was the most prominent Trump supporter in Silicon Valley during the campaign, and is now advising Trump as part of his transition team.
The appointment of Gen. Michael Flynn as Trump's national security adviser could be a boon as well. A recent BuzzFeed report claimed that Flynn has quietly advocated for Palantir's technology.
And in October, the company won a lawsuit against the US Army that put it back in the running to win a data systems contract worth more than $200 million.
The $20 million raised here isn't anywhere close to being that valuable, but it does suggest that some are still high on the tight-lipped startup.
ELMWOOD PARK, Ill. -- On a recent Saturday morning, 500 protesters poured out of a parade of school buses, signs and megaphones in hand, and tried their best to shame a single Staples store just outside Chicago. Among them was Mike Suchomel, a 20-year veteran of the U.S. Postal Service, who traveled all the way from New Jersey for a nearby labor conference.
What has infuriated Suchomel and many of his fellow postal union members is a new arrangement struck between USPS and the office supply retailer. Under the premise of a pilot program, a limited number of Staples locations are now offering most of the same services provided at post offices, to be handled by Staples employees rather than postal workers.
"It's just a big step toward privatization," said Suchomel, who hopped a bus to the protest from the Labor Notes conference, a biannual gathering of labor activists held in Chicago. "I think it's a terrible thing that the postmaster general would even think about this."
In recent years the Postal Service has lost an eye-popping amount of money, largely due to retiree health prefunding requirements imposed on the agency by Congress. In an era of falling first-class mail, the red ink has kicked off a postal reform discussion that's pitted the postmaster general against the various postal unions. The latter insist that the service cuts being considered, including the end of six-day delivery, will send the institution into a death spiral.
Union representatives say the Staples program is proof agency management would be happy to spin off basic postal services to the private sector, further shrinking what's long been a bastion of well-paying, public-sector union jobs. After a series of sporadic demonstrations against Staples in recent weeks, the American Postal Workers Union, which represents 220,000 postal employees, is planning protests from coast to coast on April 24, and it expects broad backing from other public-sector unions.
The Postal Service insists the Staples move isn't an effort toward privatization, only toward providing more convenience to postal customers and getting a bigger piece of the growing parcel-delivery business.
"It's an attempt to tackle a bigger market share," said Darleen Reid-DeMeo, a postal spokeswoman. "It's never been about privatizing or closing postal offices. It's never about taking work away from postal employees. What it's about is expanding our services to the American public."
Staples didn't respond to a request for comment.
Mark Dimondstein, president of the American Postal Workers Union, told HuffPost in an interview that the union doesn't care if the Postal Service wants to expand into Staples locations. What the union objects to is low-paid Staples employees performing what have traditionally been postal worker duties. The mail should be handled by trained postal workers who are under oath, Dimondstein said.
"We're not opposing the pilot program per se. We believe in enhanced and expanded services to the public," he said. "We're opposing it on the basis that those counters are not staffed with the United States postal employees, in uniform, under oath and accountable to the people and sworn to protect the sanctity, security and safety of the mail."
Although its members probably wouldn't be as affected as APWU's, the National Association of Letter Carriers union said it also strongly opposes the Staples program.
"Americans value and deserve postal services provided by highly trained, uniformed and accountable employees who work directly for the Postal Service, not for an office-supplies retail chain," Fredric Rolando, NALC's president, said in an email. "Just as the members of the APWU stand with the NALC in our battle to preserve six-day mail delivery service, so do letter carriers stand with our brothers and sisters in this fight against privatization."
The Postal Service already has thousands of retail "partnerships" -- the sort of arrangements that make it possible for you to buy stamps at your local grocery store -- and it recently struck a deal with Amazon to do Sunday delivery. But the Staples program could turn into a far more significant affiliation if both Staples and USPS are satisfied with how it's gone after a year.
Partnerships in the past have been struck one at a time, Reid-DeMeo said. If it's expanded, the Staples program would be the first chain-wide partnership of its kind, available in Staples stores throughout the country. So far, it's in just 82 stores in a handful of markets, including California and Georgia. Such a vast program would siphon business from the post offices that are employing postal employees, Dimondstein said.
Staple provides just a fraction of the pay and benefits that come with a postal job. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median pay of a postal employee in 2012 was $53,100, or $25.53 per hour, and workers typically enjoy good pensions and health coverage. The agency also has historically been a large employer of African-Americans and veterans.
Although official pay data for Staples isn't available, the worker survey site Glassdoor.com pegs the average wage of a sales associate at $8.53 an hour, or $1.28 above the federal minimum wage. Many part-time employees don't get benefits.
2010 Georgia Code
TITLE 16 - CRIMES AND OFFENSES
CHAPTER 6 - SEXUAL OFFENSES
§ 16-6-1 - Rape O.C.G.A. 16-6-1 (2010)
16-6-1. Rape
(a) A person commits the offense of rape when he has carnal knowledge of:
(1) A female forcibly and against her will; or
(2) A female who is less than ten years of age.
Carnal knowledge in rape occurs when there is any penetration of the female sex organ by the male sex organ. The fact that the person allegedly raped is the wife of the defendant shall not be a defense to a charge of rape.
(b) A person convicted of the offense of rape shall be punished by death, by imprisonment for life without parole, by imprisonment for life, or by a split sentence that is a term of imprisonment for not less than 25 years and not exceeding life imprisonment, followed by probation for life. Any person convicted under this Code section shall, in addition, be subject to the sentencing and punishment provisions of Code Sections 17-10-6.1 and 17-10-7.
(c) When evidence relating to an allegation of rape is collected in the course of a medical examination of the person who is the victim of the alleged crime, the law enforcement agency investigating the alleged crime shall be responsible for the cost of the medical examination to the extent that expense is incurred for the limited purpose of collecting evidence.
Disclaimer: These codes may not be the most recent version. Georgia may have more current or accurate information. We make no warranties or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained on this site or the information linked to on the state site. Please check official sources.
When Zappa was invited to Prague by Vaclav Havel in January 1990, he was reportedly shocked at his instant popularity, as well as by how well people knew his music—in the 1970s and 1980s Czechs listened to Zappa thanks to albums that were smuggled into communist Czechoslovakia via secret networks that transported literature, music, and even musical instruments.
The connection may not seem immediately obvious, but Frank Zappa's popularity in Prague is closely connected to the dark days of the dissident era, when his music and that of the Velvet Underground were blacklisted by the censors. For example, Frank Zappa's second album, Absolutely Free was smuggled into Czechoslovakia within a year of its 1967 release, and critics claim that the music influenced the famous Czech underground rock band, The Plastic People of the Universe. Zappa's tunes thus came to represent freedom and independent thought to dissidents in Czechoslovakia. Reports have it that when young kids in communist Czechoslovakia played heavy rock music, the police would tell them to "turn off that Frank Zappa music."
Then, in January 1990, Vaclav Havel appointed Frank Zappa as "Special Ambassador to the West on Trade, Culture and Tourism," much to the disgruntlement of U.S. Secretary of State, James Baker, who is famous for declaring: "You can do business with the United States or you can do business with Frank Zappa." Still, Vaclav Havel's friendship with Frank Zappa grew, and Zappa shared his ideas about increasing tourism to Czechoslovakia, and explained the concept of credit cards which were then an unknown quantity in this part of the world. It was Frank Zappa's brief interlude in the world of international trade and diplomatic relations—and the vantage-point was Prague.
Vaclav Havel still counts himself amongst Zappa's big fans, and says that "Frank Zappa was one of the gods of the Czech underground." There he'll surely stay in the memories of his Czech friends.
Congressional negotiators struck a two-year budget deal late Monday night that would increase federal spending by $80 billion and protect the nation from a debt default through the end of the Obama presidency. The 144-page agreement was posted shortly before midnight, setting up a vote in the House on Wednesday as Speaker John Boehner tries to rush the bill through Congress before the expected election of Paul Ryan on Thursday. Passage of the proposal would raise the debt limit through March 2017, although lawmakers would still have to pass a separate omnibus spending bill by December 10 to avert a government shutdown. The Treasury Department has said Congress must approve new borrowing authority by November 3 to avoid an unprecedented default. The deal is the most significant fiscal agreement in Congress in two years and would fulfill Boehner's desire to “clean the barn up” for his successor. Meeting demands from Obama and congressional Republicans, spending would increase by an equal amount for defense and domestic programs, relaxing the caps under “sequestration” enacted in 2011. But the deal also pushes harder decisions down the road, since it extends spending limits by another two years until 2025. The spending increases would also be offset by changes to the crop insurance program and by allowing the government to make automated calls to cell phones to collect debts. And it would raise money through the sale of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. The bill cancels $1.5 billion from the Justice Department's crime victims fund and nearly $750 million from the assets forfeiture fund.
Democrats won changes to Medicare that would protect millions of seniors from premium increases, while Republicans secured changes to the Social Security Disability Insurance program that they say would save $168 billion over 10 years while preventing immediate benefit cuts. That provision is likely to cause concern among liberals who oppose any alteration to Social Security that does not expand benefits for recipients. Seeking to head off those worries, Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, quickly praised the agreement and said it “represents real progress for hard-working families.” The changes to Social Security, she said, would “extend the solvency” of the insurance fund. Republicans also secured the repeal of another provision in Obamacare that requires large businesses to automatically re-enroll employees in a healthcare plan. As expected, conservative groups immediately panned what they called a “zombie budget deal.” “This budget and debt deal is being brokered by a lame duck speaker and a lame duck president,” the leaders of Club for Growth and Heritage Action said in a joint statement. “It represents the very worst of Washington—a last minute deal that increases spending and debt under the auspices of fiscal responsibility.” October 26, 2015, 3:55 p.m. John Boehner might get to “clean the barn up” before he leaves, after all. The departing speaker and Democratic negotiators are closing in on a fiscal agreement that would bring budget peace—and more federal spending—to Washington for the remainder of the Obama presidency while staving off the possibility of a debt default through March 2017, according to a senior congressional official briefed on the talks. The deal could still fall through, but party leaders hope to complete it Monday night so that the House could vote by Wednesday, just a day before Boehner is expected to hand his speaker's gavel to Paul Ryan. And in a sign of optimism, House Republicans called an emergency meeting of the conference for Monday evening to discuss the talks. If completed, the agreement would be the most significant spending accord in two years and perhaps since 2011, when the White House and congressional Republicans enacted deep spending cuts in exchange for an increase in the debt ceiling. Obama and some Republicans have been trying to undo part of those cuts, known as sequestration, ever since—GOP defense hawks want to lift budget caps for the Pentagon, while the president has refused to do so unless he can get an equivalent increase in domestic spending. Under the emerging agreement, that's what would happen. Money for defense and non-defense accounts would go up by about $50 billion this year and another $30 billion in fiscal 2017, according to Politico. The deal would also prevent steep premium increases for millions of Medicare beneficiaries, the House official said, in a win for Democratic negotiators. (The official spoke on condition of anonymity, because the negotiations are ongoing.) CNN is reportingthat the spending increases would be offset by oil sales from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, higher fees for telecommunications companies, and changes to the crop insurance program.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Ron Rivera has to be on the short list for NFL Coach of the Year the way he's transformed the Carolina Panthers into not only playoff contenders, but potential Super Bowl contenders.
Many of his players are lobbying for him already.
Should the Panthers continue their win streak in Week 13, coach Ron Rivera has to be considered for the league's coach of the year award. AP Photo/Mike McCarn
Mention it to Rivera and he shakes his head.
"No," the third-year head coach said. "The thing I would love for us is to be the team of the year. We can only do that by winning and looking toward our next game, and that's Tampa [Bay]."
Quarterback Cam Newton, who has surfaced in conversations about NFL Player of the Year, summed it up best.
"If we keep winning, there is going to be a lot of considerations for a lot of people on this team, whether it's Coach, whether it's a player," he said. "We're just keeping our heads down and staying focused.
"Those [awards] are distractions at this point that we really don't need. Our main focus right now should be doing everything in our power to be 9-3."
That means extending the league's longest winning streak to eight games with a victory Sunday against Tampa Bay (3-8). A loss at Bank of America Stadium and the Panthers (8-3) would fall into a large group of teams with playoff aspirations instead of the small group they're in now.
A loss and next week's NFC South showdown against New Orleans (9-2) would have less significance if the Saints beat Seattle on Monday night.
A loss and Arizona's Bruce Arians, Kansas City's Andy Reid, Philadelphia's Chip Kelly and others may push Rivera down the list for postseason accolades.
"I do mean it when I say our next most important game is going to be Tampa Bay," Rivera said. "I know what is going to be after Tampa. A lot of people are pointing it out.
"But hey, you know what? There is no after that if we don't take care of business first and foremost. I led off with that in my opening remarks to the players as we started preparing for Tampa Bay."
That the Panthers defeated the Bucs 31-13 last month in Tampa might make this seem like an easy win for some, but Rivera won't hear of it. He only has to mention last week's 20-16 victory over Miami in which Carolina didn't take the lead until 43 seconds remained.
He only has to mention that Tampa has won three straight, and its lone loss since losing to Carolina was a 27-24 overtime setback to the Seahawks, arguably the best team in the NFC.
He only has to mention that the Bucs are no different than last year's Carolina team that won its last four games and five of its last six, playing with nothing to lose.
Those things aside, Rivera does deserve strong consideration for coach of the year. He has taken a team that began the season 1-3 into the national spotlight. He has done it by keeping players focused and remaining consistent with the same message he preached when things weren't going so well.
"He's the same guy," running back Mike Tolbert said.
Tolbert knows his coach better than most, having been at San Diego when Rivera was the defensive coordinator. When rumors circulated that Rivera could be fired before the bye week if the team went 0-3, Tolbert hurt for his coach because he believed in him.
Now Tolbert believes it's time to reward Rivera with a contract extension even though his coach has one year remaining on his original four-year deal.
"He needs one," Tolbert said. "He hasn't talked about it, but I've read rumors and heard things of that nature. Hopefully, he gets it."
Rivera isn't interested in talking about that, either. That would take the focus off the next game, and it's doubtful he would let even his long-term security stand in the way of that.
But it's obvious players like Rivera, in part because he is a former player -- linebacker for the Chicago Bears from 1984-92 -- and he's consistent.
"That's why I respect him so much," Newton said. "He's played in the league, one. He obviously knows what the players need to hear, what the players need to see, and the trust that us as players need to have in our coach.
"But we don't have time to congratulate each other just yet. We still have even bigger games to win."
The longtime act of getting a hand stamp when exiting Disneyland has disappeared into yesterland.
Disneyland Resort eliminated them Sunday, July 9, now taking a photo of everyone who enters the theme park with an admission ticket.
Related Articles Disneyland, Disney California Adventure increase one-day ticket and annual-pass prices
After latest ticket price increase, is Disneyland still a good value?
Disneyland changing its Fastpass to electronic system to skip the long lines
New Fastpass now works for Toy Story Midway Mania, Matterhorn at Disneyland For several years, those with annual passes have not needed hand stamps, as their photo was on file. The requirement for photos was added to multi-day tickets, and now it will be the same policy for all admission tickets, even one-day tickets, according to park officials.
The stamp, visible only under ultraviolet light, had a different shape or word each day, usually related to a Disney character. As photo technology connected to the passes advanced, the parks started phasing out the need for one to re-enter a park – though some visitors liked to get them anyway.
Because some would try to duplicate the stamps, the park never announced which character was used each day. For many years, a valid admission ticket went along with the hand stamp for a visitor to re-enter the park on the day the ticket was used.
Now, because of the photo tied to each admission ticket or annual pass, only the admission ticket is needed. Once scanned, that person's photo pops up on a computer screen, verifying the ticket belongs to that person.
If it is a newly purchased ticket, cast members (Disney employees) at the entrance gate will take a photo of the visitor before granting them admission into Disneyland or Disney California Adventure.
Other theme parks use similar techniques as the Disneyland Resort. In Florida at Walt Disney World, a scanned thumbprint is used. The same technology is used at Universal's theme parks.
Over the past few months, we've been following perhaps the worst abuse by the banks in the foreclosure crisis – breaking and entering homes where they are foreclosing, changing the locks, and terrorizing the owners. The banks claim that they only do this with vacant homes, in an effort to keep out squatters, but it hasn't worked out that way. There have even been reports of break-ins on homes where the borrowers are current on their payments.
Borrowers who have seen their homes broken into are fighting back and even suing the banks over this practice. If signing false documents and lacking standing to foreclose is too technical for the courts, perhaps breaking and entering will be what stops the banks' reign of terror.
When Mimi Ash arrived at her mountain chalet here for a weekend ski trip, she discovered that someone had broken into the home and changed the locks. When she finally got into the house, it was empty. All of her possessions were gone: furniture, her son's ski medals, winter clothes and family photos. Also missing was a wooden box, its top inscribed with the words “Together Forever,” that contained the ashes of her late husband, Robert. The culprit, Ms. Ash soon learned, was not a burglar but her bank. According to a federal lawsuit filed in October by Ms. Ash, Bank of America had wrongfully foreclosed on her house and thrown out her belongings, without alerting Ms. Ash beforehand.
Ash was in the middle of working out a loan modification when this happened. “This is in essence a burglary,” Ash remarked. The bank took her late husband's ashes.
You can talk about tacked-on late fees, wrongful denials of loan modifications, lost paperwork, and people aren't particularly moved. When you mention that the banks are breaking and entering into homes, clearing them out of possessions, and changing the locks, people get it. This is a criminal enterprise on the part of the banks. [cont'd.]
In Texas, for example, Bank of America had the locks changed and the electricity shut off last year at Alan Schroit's second home in Galveston, according to court papers. Mr. Schroit, who had paid off the house, had stored 75 pounds of salmon and halibut in his refrigerator and freezer, caught during a recent Alaskan fishing vacation. “Lacking power, the freezer's contents melted, spoiled and reeking melt water spread through the property and leaked through the flooring into joists and lower areas,” the lawsuit says. The case was settled for an undisclosed amount.
The banks claim they must do this as part of the normal process of inspecting foreclosed properties and protecting them from vandalism. And there is an obligation in most mortgage contracts for the bank to secure the home within 60 days of default, if the house has been abandoned. But there are so many instances of them getting it wrong. And let's be clear, the real number of wrongful breaking and entering should be ZERO. We had 200 years of a precise title recording system, where the county, the bank, and everyone involved knew exactly who owned the home, who lived in it, and what the payments were. That time has come and gone, broken by greedy bankers who wanted to securitize mortgages quickly and save money on recording fees. They caused this problem, but they're not feeling the pain as a result. The suffering is borne by homeowners who are getting robbed, literally robbed by the banks.
In this world of confusion and thug tactics from the banks, the least that the federal government could do is set down some legitimate rules to protect homeowners from servicer abuse. The Fed is fighting that.
Top policymakers at the Federal Reserve are fighting efforts to rein in widely reported bank abuses, sparking an inter-agency feud with the FDIC and the Treasury Department. The Fed, along with the more bank-friendly Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, is resisting moves to craft rules cracking down on banks that charge illegal fees and carry out improper foreclosures. The FDIC supports such rules, according to an FDIC official involved in the dispute. The new regulations would rein in debt collection, loan modification and foreclosure proceedings at bank divisions called “mortgage servicers.” Servicers have committed widespread fraud in the foreclosure process. While the recent robo-signing of fraudulent documents has received the most attention, consumer advocates have complained about improper fees and servicer mistakes that lead to foreclosure for years. “Given that we've seen a massive failure in servicing practices and a massive failure to address servicing in an honest way, I think this is important,” says Joshua Rosner, a managing director at Graham Fisher & Co., and longtime critic of the U.S. mortgage system.
When you read that the Federal Reserve is resisting rules on servicers, consider this story. They don't want to stop the banks from breaking into your house.
The Islamic State, formerly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isis), has called on its members to retaliate against US interests as the American military continues to strike their positions in northern Iraq.
According to SITE Intelligence, a jihadist monitoring service, Islamic militants are taking to radical Islamic forums to issue a rallying cry to its members in hope of evening the odds against an airforce which is hampering the group's efforts to consolidate and expand their "Caliphate".
To kill America lies in oil. It must be cut to end the life of America. Destroying the destructive American economy will bring America to its knees, and this is through the supply lines in the Gulf. - Tarjuman al-Asawirti, Jihadi media group
Jihadi media group, Tarjuman al-Asawirti, proposed targeting oil interests in the Gulf.
"The Arabian region will be ignited, the oil wells and supply lines to the West will be blown up. You have entered a battle with lions of a different type. To kill America lies in oil. It must be cut to end the life of America. Destroying the destructive American economy will bring America to its knees, and this is through the supply lines in the Gulf," said al-Asawirti.
Other jihadists and jihadi media groups have taken to Twitter to express their frustration towards the US planned strikes and motivate supporters of the IS, using a hashtag that translates into, "Obama Announces the Bombardment of the Islamic State".
Taking the lead is the prominent jihadist Abu al-Ayna al-Khorasani, an administrator of the top-tier jihadi forum Shumukh al-Islam, who tweeted on 8 August 2014, calling for fighters to unite and calling the US airstrikes an open war against Islam.
"The infidel America strikes the monotheists in Yemen and Somalia and now in Iraq, and tomorrow, maybe in Sham. It is a clear message that the war is against Islam and the mujahideen. The mujahideen must strive and seek to execute proactive operations in their own home, America, to discipline America and its criminal soldiers," said Abu al-'Ayna.
Mujahideen, plural of the word 'mujahid', is derived from the Arabic word 'jihad', meaning 'to struggle', and most commonly refers to Muslim fighters struggling to further the beliefs of Islam. It is noteworthy reinstating that the beliefs are subjective to their own interpretation of the religion.
Another jihadist shared a design, which he called, "A Message to President Obama", showing a missile fired through President Obama's head. The message next to the design read: "As for you Obama, we have prepared for you a deadly poison and a sharp sword, and we have filled for you a cup brimming with the winds of death and the scent of demise."
Meanwhile, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has announced that all US flights are now banned from flying over Iraqi airspace "due to the hazardous situation" on the ground while Turkish Airlines are suspending flights to Erbil, the capital of the Kurdistan region of Iraq (KRI), until further notice because of similar security concerns.
Among the many other exciting diversions for those of a nerdy bent at the PAX East 2015 gaming convention in Boston this past weekend, there was a LAN party. And as you might expect, it wasn't your average hastily erected LAN, with computers situated around a couple cheap consumer switches nestled between boxes of pizza.
No, the LAN party at PAX East featured fully 420 gaming machines, set out in endless rows on long rectangular tables, and stations for more than 300 computers brought in by conference-goers. The setup was provisioned and managed by LANFest, a non-profit organization sponsored by Intel to raise money for charity via sponsorship of big LAN parties.
According to the people who run it, LANfest is constantly on the move -- after tearing down at the conclusion of this weekend's PAX East show in Boston, the team is off to South By Southwest in Austin, for a much smaller event of 180 seats.
Server admin Jason Kelly and network manager Jordan Toor are experienced veterans of LANFest -- PAX East 2015 marks the pair's 12th event working together, and both said that experience is crucial to making the process work correctly.
"We've seen and done just about everything," said Kelly. "Most of the stuff we've set up is stuff we've set up years ago, that we continue to bring because it works and it continues to work -- we try not to reconfigure anything we don't have to."
Ideally, most of the actual work goes into putting the system together on-site, with little upkeep to handle after the fact.
"Setup takes Wednesday and Thursday, and if everything's going well, we sit around and do nothing the rest of the time, because it's working," said Toor.
The team uses Cisco gear, he noted -- mostly 2950s and 2960s for the edge switches and 10G 4948s in the core. "A bunch of members of our executive committee are very familiar with Cisco -- the gear might be 15 years old, but we know it's gonna keep running forever. It's also cheaper, so we only run the 10/100[Mbit] versions of switches," he said.
They can use these lower-capacity switches because multiplayer gaming traffic isn't particularly demanding -- at least, not when there are only a few machines.
"It's not a lot, but when you're talking about 420 machines here, and another 300-something over there, a megabit per machine is a lot," Kelly said. "We try and limit every machine to 512[k], which is enough -- they can't watch YouTube or stream something, you know, they're at a LAN. But internally, everything's gigabit, if any of the games have local servers here or they're peer-to-peer internally or whatever, they're screaming-fast."
Enough gamers in one place can cause other unique headaches, he added.
"Another issue we see all the time is we will start up Steam or League of Legends or Minecraft ... all 500 clients launch from one external IP address. So what happens? We immediately get blocked because they [the game servers] think it's some kind of DDoS attack," Kelly said.
The team has other workarounds for common problems -- one bandwidth headache in past years has been the heavy traffic caused by gamers trying to download new games, but a more recent system using a Steam cache server allows them to keep many titles stored locally, for much faster access.
"If we download it once, it gets cached -- so if anyone tries to download it again from within, they're downloading it locally," said Kelly.
This is a photo of Brett Olson from the Facebook page set up in hopes of finding him.
A Lafayette family is holding out hope that their loved one will be found after going missing while tubing down the Sacramento River over the holiday weekend.
Brett Michael Olson is a student at Cal Poly-San Luis Obispo. He was last seen about 1 p.m. Sunday when he arrived at Beer Can Beach near Chico for a float down the river with a group of friends.
Olson was in Chico for the holiday weekend visiting Chico State friends.
Olson's parents handed out hundreds of fliers Tuesday. They were joined by more family and friends on Wednesday as they waited for word as search crews looked for Olson further down the river.
A Facebook page "Let's Bring Brett home", had more than 30,000 members by Wednesday afternoon.
The UK basketball roster is guaranteed to look a lot different next season, and the next few weeks should be full of announcements from current Wildcats and the top high school seniors being recruited by Coach John Calipari.
The Cats could lose more than a half-dozen players to the NBA Draft. The program also is expected to compete for another No. 1-ranked recruiting class.
Below is a detailed look at what next season's team could look like, with notes on returning players, probable draft picks and incoming recruits. This chart lists only those who were recruited as scholarship players (and keep in mind that UK can have as many as 13 players on scholarship). The “class” designation represents what each player would be in the 2015-16 season.
Probable Wildcats for 2015-16 Player Class Pos Ht 2014-15 stats/Other notes Alex Poythress Senior F 6-8 5.5 ppg, 3.8 rpg, 20.3 mpg Dominique Hawkins Junior G 6-0 1.3 ppg, 0.7 rpg, 7.1 mpg Marcus Lee Junior F 6-9 2.6 ppg, 2.7 rpg, 10.9 mpg Derek Willis Junior F 6-9 1.3 ppg, 0.7 rpg, 3.9 mpg Tyler Ulis Sophomore G 5-9 5.6 ppg, 3.6 apg, 23.8 mpg Isaiah Briscoe Freshman G 6-3 No. 1 ranked point guard in 2015 class Skal Labissiere Freshman F 6-11 Top 5 overall recruit in 2015 class Charles Matthews Freshman G 6-5 Top 50 recruit in 2015 class
Notes: Poythress was an NBA prospect coming into the season but played only eight games because of a knee injury. ESPN projects him as the No. 84 overall prospect in this year's draft, but it's unlikely that he would declare for the pros. Lee and Willis have both been mentioned as possible transfers in recent weeks, although both have said they plan to return to Kentucky next season. Lee, especially, could be more of a focal point next season. Ulis is the No. 45 prospect on ESPN's NBA Draft board but sounded as if he plans to return to UK after Saturday night's loss to Wisconsin. Briscoe and Labissiere are likely to compete for starting spots as freshmen. Additional note: It's possible that Tai Wynyard, a member of the class of 2015 who has committed to Kentucky, could join the Cats as a mid-season addition in December, after he finishes his high school coursework in New Zealand. The 6-foot-10 post player probably would not be expected to make an immediate impact next season.
50/50 to return to Kentucky Player Class Pos Ht Draft Express ESPN's Chad Ford Dakari Johnson Junior C 7-0 No. 41 No. 38 Devin Booker Sophomore G 6-6 No. 17 No. 19
Notes: Johnson said after Saturday's game that he hasn't thought much about his NBA Draft status. He's projected as a second-round pick. Booker said Saturday that he has not made a decision on the NBA and would talk to his family in the coming days. Booker is projected as a possible lottery pick, although he is close to fellow freshman Tyler Ulis and could return to play one more season with him and become a bigger part of UK's offense.
Remaining recruiting targets for 2015 Player Pos Ht Rank Other schools Jaylen Brown F 6-7 1 UCLA, Kansas, Michigan, UNC, Cal, Georgia, Ga Tech Cheick Diallo F/C 6-9 10 Kansas, Iowa State, St. John's, Pitt Brandon Ingram F 6-9 13 Duke, UNC, Kansas, UCLA, N.C. State Thon Maker F/C 7-0 6 Kansas, Indiana, Missouri, others Malik Newman G 6-3 8 Kansas, LSU, Miss State, Ole Miss, N.C. State Caleb Swanigan F/C 6-9 11 Duke, Cal, Michigan State, Arizona, Purdue Stephen Zimmerman F/C 7-0 9 UNLV, Kansas, UCLA, Arizona
Notes: Zimmerman could be the most likely of these players to pick UK, if there looks to be some available playing time in the frontcourt. If the Harrison twins and Devin Booker all leave, Newman could become a more likely addition. (Even if Booker comes back, there would be plenty of playing time for Newman). Swanigan is announcing his decision next weekend, but UK seems unlikely to be the choice. Brown‘s comments from the McDonald's All-American Game last week indicated that he was looking elsewhere, although UK is still in the mix. Diallo has been pretty quiet about his recruitment, but Kansas and Iowa State are considered the favorites. Ingram is expected to stay in his home state of North Carolina, although he does have an in-home visit with John Calipari later this month. Maker is a wild card and is unlikely to make an announcement anytime soon. He could also play professionally outside the United States next season and then declare for the 2016 NBA Draft. There should be several talented graduate transfers this offseason, and UK could look in that direction once other announcements are made and the roster situation becomes more clear. (Recruiting rankings from Scout.com)
Likely to declare for NBA Draft Player Class Pos Ht Draft Express ESPN's Chad Ford Willie Cauley-Stein Senior F 7-0 No. 6 No. 8 Aaron Harrison Junior G 6-6 Not in Top 100 No. 80 Andrew Harrison Junior G 6-6 No. 61 No. 56 Trey Lyles Sophomore F 6-10 No. 19 No. 16 Karl-Anthony Towns Sophomore F 6-11 No. 1 No. 1
Notes: Towns is now considered the No. 1 prospect for this year's NBA Draft, and it's a near certainty that he will declare. Cauley-Stein said Saturday night that he plans to leave for the NBA. The buzz around the program in recent weeks indicates that UK expects the Harrison twins and Lyles to turn pro, too. The early-entry deadline for the NBA Draft is April 26.
MORE: What UK's players said about the future after Saturday's loss
RICHMOND'S remarkable premiership has produced a $5million windfall after record merchandise and memorabilia sales.
And the now debt-free Tigers, who broke a 37-year flag drought, plan to have an even bigger 2018 from a membership perspective, with president Peggy O'Neal declaring they aim to move into uncharted territory by attracting 90,000 members.
Tigers set for Tuesday night blockbuster in 2018
The reinvigorated club, always a sleeping giant of the competition despite their barren period, has become an intoxicating option for prospective members of the Tiger Army given the promise of more prime-time games when the fixture is announced next Tuesday.
"Clearly the success this season is going to drive a significant off-field result, some of which will flow into next year's financial figures," O'Neal told the Herald Sun.
"We also expect this season will fuel next year, and there is no reason why we shouldn't be aiming to be the first club through 90,000 members."
Ironically, the canary-yellow clash strip Richmond donned in the Grand Final against Adelaide, amid heavy criticism from the likes of club legend Kevin Bartlett, has sold out and more will be available in November.
The Tigers have drawn strong commitment from sponsors, with major partner Jeep to continue its affiliation with the club until at least the end of 2020.
"The club has been prudent in its financial management ... and we are now in a very sound position," O'Neal said.
Richmond's success has added greater credibility to its annual season-opener against old rival Carlton, with the Tigers to unveil their premiership flag before the clash at the MCG on Thursday March 22.
Dive Brief:
Tesla Energy has begun shipping its Powerwall storage systems with the first units going to customers in the United States and Australia who began placing orders last summer, Energy Storage News reports.
Demand for its storage products has prompted Tesla to accelerate the production of its stationary batteries.
In related news, Panasonic says it could invest up to $1.6 billion in Tesla's Gigafactory in Spark, Nevada.
Dive Insight:
Tesla Energy confirmed it has begun delivering its Powerwall energy storage system, according to press reports.
In August, Tesla Chairman and CEO Elon Musk said the company had already taken orders for all of the stationary batteries it could produce in 2016. "Demand has been really crazy," he said at the time.
Since unveiling its Powerwall system in April, Tesla has been enjoying widespread media coverage that has helped spur sales. Last August, Musk said the company had received “reservations” for “well over $1 billion worth of Powerpacks and Powerwalls" all without any marketing or advertising. With marketing plans in place, he estimated that sales could hit $45 million in the fourth quarter and up to 10 times that amount in 2016.
Strong demand, meanwhile, has prompted Tesla to shift Powerwall production to the Gigafactory it is building in Sparks, Nevada.
Tesla broke ground on its Gigafactory – so called because it will be able to produce 35 GWh of batteries when it reaches full production in 2020 – in June 2014.
In third-quarter 2015, Tesla Energy began production of batteries at its Freemont, Calif., factory with the aim of shifting long-term production to its Gigafactory. Growing demand prompted the company to accelerate its plans, and early in the fourth quarter it relocated production to an automated assembly line at the Gigafactory.
In a third-quarter letter to shareholders, Tesla said the shift would push some fourth-quarter Tesla Energy production and deliveries into the first quarter.
Tesla Energy says it is growing its sales team to meet demand for its stationary batteries, which is particularly strong in Australia, Germany and South Africa.
The company also says it is exploring market opportunities in India where it has “strong government alignment” and is seeking opportunities created by the end of net metering policies in Hawaii.
Panasonic, meanwhile, says it could invest as much as $1.6 billion in Tesla's Gigafactory, which is expected to cost around $5 billion.
Musk has said its Gigafactory will provide economies of scale that he expects to drive down the per kWh cost of its battery pack by more than 30%.
In addition to its stationary batteries, the Gigafactory will produce batteries for the Tesla Motors' Model 3, which will be marketed as an affordable car, priced at about $35,000. The Model 3 is expected to start production in 2017. Tesla hopes to be making about 500,000 of the electric cars by 2020.
Ireland's Finance Minister Michael Noonan has revealed that he now expects the European Commission's verdict on Apple's tax arrangements in Ireland to come next year.
The Irish Government said it does not expect a decision on Apple's tax affairs before Christmas.
This follows a request from the Commission for further information from the Irish Government.
At the core of the European Commission investigation into Apple's tax affairs is whether Apple's tax arrangements with the Irish Government went against international guidelines.
No special deal, says Apple
Ireland has vehemently denied there was any preferential treatment.
For its part Apple too has strenuously denied it has any special arrangements ,with CEO Tim Cook stating in 2013: “We have no special deal with the Irish Government.”
If the European Commission finds against Apple, the technology giant may have to pay billions of euros worth of tax back to the Irish Exchequer.
It is understood that the EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has requested more information from the Irish Government.
Minister Noonan said that it will take at least a fortnight to pull together the relevant information and that will bring proceedings so close to Christmas that it is unlikely a ruling will be made until possibly 2016.
European flag image via Shutterstock
Nabil Hawara spent 20 years as a political prisoner in Syria before fleeing the war-torn country with his family as refugees in 2013 in the hope of reaching Canada - and the promise of a brighter future.
Two-and-a-half years later, he's still waiting on bureaucratic red-tape that would reunite him with his wife and children in Montreal.
Canadian immigration rules wouldn't allow Hawara to bring his family along from Turkey after he applied for refugee status, and he now spends his days eager for updates from the government, which hasn't provided a reason why they're not with him.
"There are no set dates as to when they are supposed to come here," Hawara told Al Jazeera. "We're inquiring and my lawyer is sending emails to the embassy asking for updates, and we still haven't received a response on their status."
He said no one at the Canadian embassy in Ankara is willing to give his family any information regarding their file. Desperate, Hawara is looking for any help he can get.
"I've given several interviews last year and this year to the Canadian media. I'm trying to express, as best as I can, how much our family needs support. I miss my children. This is not a typical immigration story," Hawara said.
RELATED: Harper's political future has already hit the rocks
Canada's strict refugee policies have been criticised after coverage of the current election campaign shifted towards the Syrian refugee crisis.
It began with the heart-breaking images of Alan Kurdi - the three-year-old whose body was washed ashore on a Turkish beach after his family attempted to reach Europe by sea. The family had hoped to go to Canada where a close relative lives.
With the four-year Syrian civil war raging on and sending tens-of-thousands fleeing, the story of the Kurdi family touched many Canadians.
Jerry Topolski, a Canadian lawyer from Toronto, told Al Jazeera in recent months he and others filed an application to sponsor and resettle a Syrian refugee family in Canada through a private sponsorship programme.
"I then discovered that it's not as easy as one would think or one would hope," he said.
According to figures provided by the Canadian government, private sponsorship can take one year or longer before a refugee family is able to get to Canada.
"I had truly hoped that we'd be able to bring a family over and they would start school with my children in September. That hope was likely naive, but I discovered how naive it was in the last few months," Topolski said.
A statement by Citizenship and Immigration Canada to Al Jazeera said several factors, such as medical and security clearances, add to the waiting time - even during the crisis unfolding in Syria.
"Interviewing applicants can be complicated by a lack of access, a lack of documentation, and difficulties in establishing family relationships. As well, sponsors are required to demonstrate their ability to meet the required financial obligations of sponsorship," it said.
Last January, the government agreed to resettle 11,300 Syrian refugees by the end of 2017. At a campaign stop last week, Prime Minister Stephen Harper also said Canada would welcome 10,000 more Syrian and Iraqi refugees over the next few years.
RELATED: Canada tightens citizenship laws to fight 'terrorism'
Loly Rico, president of the Canadian Council for Refugees, said she doesn't believe the Canadian government is prioritising the crisis, alleging it has "no willingness" to bring in more Syrian refugees.
In a recent interview, Immigration Minister Chris Alexander described Canada as "the most generous country for refugees in the world". Rico rejected that statement, arguing while Canada has historically been a leader in helping refugees, today this is not the case.
"This government has no interest in refugees," Rico said.
Scott Gilmore, a former Canadian diplomat, is proposing that Canada accept 200,000 Syrian refugees.
"We take a large number of immigrants who have a lot of money and are willing to buy their way into the Canadian middle class, but we take almost no refugees who are coming because they have no money," Gilmore told Al Jazeera.
In an open letter published Saturday, former prime minister Jean Chretien described Harper's response to Syria and Iraq as "cold-hearted".
Chretien wrote that during its tenure, "the Harper government has tarnished almost 60 years of Canada's reputation".
RELATED: Welcome to Canada but don't get too comfortable
Between January 2014 and August 2015, Canada resettled 2,374 Syrian refugees. Privately sponsored groups in Canada are responsible for more than half of that number: 1,723.
These numbers do not reflect Canada's history with refugees and humanitarian crises. Between 1979 and 1980, Canada airlifted 60,000 Vietnamese refugees. It did the same with 5,000 people from Kosovo in the 1990s.
"And there was no debate. There was no controversy. It was Canada opening the heart. It was what Canada was in those days," Chretien said at a campaign rally on Sunday.
After all the pressure, the government announced it would match up to $100m in donations for Syria.
Media coverage of the election has also highlighted the conservative government's terrorism fears.
Harper told his audience at a campaign event that speeding up is not in the country's best security interests.
"We cannot open the floodgates and airlift tens of thousands of refugees out of a terrorist war zone without proper process. That is too great a risk for Canada," Harper said at a campaign stop.
Canadian Defence Minister Jason Kenney ruled out airlifting refugees, calling the idea "completely imprudent".
"The opposition parties who are talking about airlifting people out of camps clearly do not understand the nuance of the situation," Kenney said.
Alexander echoed Kenney's response by saying Canada cannot act as it did in back in 1979 when it airlifted refugees from Vietnam.
"Terrorism was not a phenomenon there," Alexander said in an interview.
But Topolski rejected the argument that some Syrian refugees would be security threats.
"The notion that somebody is going to build a family, flee their country, hope to immigrate, and then one day commit a terrorist act is one that Canadians should not accept," Topolski said.
"It's an argument premised on a lack of facts and one that is steeped in racism."
Israel is preparing for the next phase of its fierce opposition to the Iran nuclear deal, by lobbying US Congressmen and women to block the emerging comprehensive agreement once it is finalized and goes to lawmakers for approval. But some in Jerusalem fear it is a lost cause given the belief that the potential economic benefits from resuming business with Iran could significantly outweigh political considerations.
The US-led P5+1 world powers and Tehran are currently in the midst of negotiations to hammer out a deal to curb Iran's nuclear ambitions and remove crippling sanctions imposed on the Islamic Republic. On Saturday, the Associated Press reported that the powers and Iran had drawn up a draft document on the pace and timing of sanctions relief, advancing on one of the most contentious issues at their negotiations.
Israel reacted furiously to the development, with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warning on Sunday that the six world powers were dangerously caving to the Islamic Republic's every demand.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“It seems that the nuclear talks in Iran have yielded a collapse, not a breakthrough,” Netanyahu said at the start of the weekly cabinet meeting. “The major powers' concessions are growing.”
On Sunday, US Secretary of State John Kerry said that while “genuine progress” had been made and the sides “have never been closer, at this point, this negotiation could go either way. If the hard choices get made in the next couple of days, and made quickly, we could get an agreement this week.”
Speaking from talks in Vienna, Kerry added: “But if they are not made, we will not.”
Assuming the final accord is submitted to Congress by July 9, US lawmakers will have a 30-day review period for any agreement during which sanctions on Iran cannot be waived. Should the deal fail to pass, President Barack Obama will have the right to veto, a power he has vowed to use. To overcome the veto, the deal will need to be rejected in a second round of voting by two thirds of Congress and the Senate.
Israel, according to a report in Ynet late Sunday, intends to use diplomatic pressure to have the deal quashed in the first round in Congress but is also gearing up to double down should that effort fail and Obama uses his presidential veto, to have the deal blocked in the next round.
Sources in Jerusalem assess that the deal will likely be approved in the initial stage, with Congress fearing that any delay could harm US industry, as the other world powers rush to resume business with Iran, the Ynet report said. Others believe not all is lost and the deal can be defeated, with the right diplomatic work on Israel's part.
France has already been gearing up for the resumption of its substantial economic dealings with Iran, under the assumption that a nuclear agreement with Tehran is likely in the near future.
Around 100 French companies are reportedly planning to participate in a delegation to Tehran in September to review business opportunities in the Islamic republic.
Other countries are likely to follow, assuming a deal is reached.
AFP contributed to this report.
Two months after Green Day's album “¡Uno!” was released, the band has released their second installment “¡Dos!” consisting of 13 more tracks. For a band with renowned success and airplay, releasing three consecutive albums is a brave move that could easily tarnish their career.
Unlike “¡Uno!,” the new album starts off slow and features Billie Joe Armstrong crooning along with his acoustic guitar in “See You Tonight.” It's a soothing track, but it doesn't transition well into the album because it lacks the power that the following songs hold.
“F–k Time” captures a retro garage-like sound with its raunchy lyrics and snazzy guitar solos intertwined. Originally performed by their alter-ego band, The Foxboro Hottubs, the track loses its spontaneity and speed with its polished vocals and slowed down tempo. This song was better off being performed by their alteregos because it feels forced and out of the place for a Green Day song.
“Lady Cobra” is the perfect example of a Green Day rock ‘n' roll track. Its consistent retro-garage guitar riffs create a fast tracked ditty about a rebellious woman that puts Armstrong in a trance. It's one of the best songs overall on the record because it doesn't rely on or focus on a specific instrument. The track is a perfect transition into “Nightlife” as it features vocals from Lady Cobra, vocalist of East Bay rock band The Mystic Knights of the Cobra.
“Amy” is the standout song out of the 13 tracks and is the perfect closer for the album. The ballad is in tribute to the R&B singer Amy Winehouse's death. Unlike the other faster paced tunes, “Amy” strictly uses an electric guitar and bass, setting the mood of remembrance for the infamous singer.
It's an odd transition hearing anthems that criticize the government and country only to follow it by singing about lost loves and meaningless hookups, but that's what Green Day does. Tracks like “Jesus of Suburbia” and “Basket Case” from past albums illustrates Armstrong's talent as a lyricist, but “¡Dos!” seems to lack Armstrong's full potential and instead writes lyrics that are decent for a rock album with an occasional knock-out song.
While some hardcore Green Day fans may have been enthusiastic with the announcement of three consecutive albums being released, the majority of the songs on “¡Dos!” aren't spectacular and instead feel like they could have been b-sides. It is likely that fans won't listen to the album from start to finish.
“¡Dos!” is available for purchase on Greenday.com or iTunes.
I know, I know: You're busy with Fallout 4 and feel like you don't need to buy another game for the rest of the year. You're probably right. But but but...Steam Sale.
Valve officially released its first batch of Steam Machines yesterday, as well as the Steam Controller and Steam Link. It was a big day for Valve, though it seems to have come and gone with considerably less fanfare than when the initial spate of preorders showed up in October. Again, blame Fallout. And probably StarCraft II, while you're at it.
Regardless, Valve's celebrating by throwing a miniature Steam Sale, full of Linux-compatible SteamOS games for you to play on your brand-new boxes. Normally we wouldn't write up a sale this small, but a) It's rare Linux gamers get their own sale and b) Some of the deals here are pretty damned decent.
Metro Redux (a.k.a. Metro 2033 and Last Light packaged together) is going for only $7.50, Dying Light is 50 percent off at $30, ridiculous action-RPG Victor Vran is discounted to $13, our almost-2014-game-of-the-year Talos Principle is discounted to $13.50, and Grim Fandango's classic point-and-clicking is going for $5.
Further reading: 35 killer PC games for Steam Machines and Linux
This sale doesn't have the usual breadth of, say, the Steam Holiday Sale, but the average caliber of game is much higher. Those are all great games, at some pretty great discounts. And, as I said: They're all Linux-compatible.
The Steam Machine Launch Sale runs through Monday, November 9 at 10 a.m. Pacific. You can find the full list of sales here.
Dice, be nice! Baby needs a new pair of shoes! Give me a square pair! Have you ever walked into a casino and seen (and heard) the action at the craps tables? It's the most exciting game in the casino, and no wonder: It boasts better odds if you know the bets to avoid, and since it's a hands-on game, it's just naturally more fun -- if you know how to play.
Casino Image Gallery
Along with all that excitement comes a lot of confusing rules and lingo that isn't in the least intuitive. You can't just pick a color or pull a lever. You have to understand how it works. There are many types of bets you can place in craps: Some you win (or lose) on a single roll, some after a series of rolls. Many people never venture near the more complex bets, preferring to stick with the basic Pass Line play.
In this article, we'll walk you through the basic rules of craps and tell you about all of the different types of bets you can place. We'll tell you about some of the strategies the experts use, and we'll give you a rundown on etiquette so you won't make a fool of yourself your first time at the table. When you've finished this article, you'll be ready for the craps tables in Vegas.
Kind of disappointed!
Pros: 1- side scroll wheel for those who their fingers are hurt, so they like to use the thump instead. 2- 8 fully programmable buttons including the main right and left ones. 3- Good size (at least i found that for my hand size, which kind of big hand) 4- very nice and fast program, i think it's the best among logitech, Roccat, Razor programs. Cons: 1- kind of stiff left button, not well design even though they have a big room for it, i had to to remap another key to use as left button. 2- very bad design of the scroll wheel, it's thin and small and stiff even though i loved the fact to have a side placed scroll wheel, actually that was the main reason i bought the mouse for. 3-move the scroll wheel up and down to utilize the shift keys is very hard, you will always click the universal button instead. (the whole scroll wheel design is bad) 4-The build quality is not what you expect for that price tag comparing to Roccat, Razor and logitech. in conclusion, for $90 or even $60, I don't think it's worth it.
X Previous image Next image
Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: freedoms-store
Share. "With the Strength of Lords, They Challenged the Dragons" "With the Strength of Lords, They Challenged the Dragons"
We get it. Everyone loves Skyrim. We do too.
But there's another RPG experience that will steamroll into stores in a few weeks, one that just might change the industry and the way we look at our favorite pastime. Skyrim's getting all the attention, it will probably grab most of the sales, but there's one game that has it beat in all kinds of areas. We're talking about Dark Souls.
Here are five reasons why Dark Souls will save gaming, and eat Skyrim's face in the process.
1) ONLINE MULTIPLAYER:
SKYRIM
Skyrim will have no online multiplayer component of any kind, despite years' worth of fan requests.
Exit Theatre Mode
Bethesda's Todd Howard said of multiplayer: "The two most requested features we get are dragons and multiplayer. We got one of them this time," he said to IGN. "We always look into multiplayer, put lots of ideas on the whiteboard and it always loses. It's not that we don't like it. I can think of ways it would be a lot of fun. At the end of the day, that dev time is going to take away from doing the best single-player game we can, and that's where our hearts are."
That means no online, no co-op, no PVP. None.
DARK SOULS
Exit Theatre Mode
Dark Souls spiritual predecessor Demon's Souls was heralded as one of the most challenging and epic action-RPG's on PS3. IGN awarded Demon's Souls PS3 RPG of the year in 2009, and other outlets even awarded it their overall Game of the Year in 2009. It had multiplayer aspects over two years ago that rivaled any in the industry, much less its specific genre, all without compromising the singleplayer game.
Why have competitors not taken note?
From Software has TRULY innovated where competitors like Bethesda have stated they simply couldn't find or spare the dev time.
We've been playing the game and verified the following multiplayer info with From Software. There's no doubt, as IGN's Keza McDonald says, that multiplayer in this game is "one of the more compelling...features of Dark Souls". From Software has innovated while others have passed on making the effort.
WINNER: DARK SOULS - Developers have clearly not reached their creative zenith when it comes to the conception and execution of multiplayer components in games. We're certainly not suggesting Bethesda tack on after-thought multiplayer content, ala Dead Space 2 or BioShock 2, but to explore the possibilities for multiplay and innovate, especially considering they've been working on the game for more than 5 years now. Bethesda either didn't deem it important enough, didn't care to make time for it or didn't have the imagination to bring something on this scale to life.
2) DLC AND PRICING:
SKYRIM
Bethesda announced DLC plans FAR in advance of the game's actual launch, going as far to herald the signing of an exclusive deal with Microsoft. Expanded content would be 360 exclusive, leaving PS3 owners to wait.
Standard Edition of the game will cost $59.99. Collector's Edition will run players $149.99 for a small statue, artbook, map, and 'making-of' DVD. There are pre-order offers available including goodies like a special map.
Average DLC packages run $10-15 apiece, plus weapons and armor for a few bucks more. For reference, there have been four pieces of Fallout: New Vegas DLC.
DARK SOULS
From Software announced at Gamescom that no current plans for DLC exist.
Daisuke Uchiyama, Chief Publishing Producer, Namco Bandai Games Inc., (NBGI), recently went on record with this statement: "...we are not planning any DLC for Dark Souls. The game is deeply balanced with its exquisite enemy placements and map designs...I would rather prefer to provide an equal amount of opportunities to everyone in order to strive and achieve getting all items based on the effort a player makes."
Exit Theatre Mode
Collector's Edition of Dark Souls cost $59.99 - the normal asking price for any regular edition of a game - at launch to all who preorder at any retailer, which will net you a limited edition collector's tin, a limited edition hardcover artbook, plus a digital download token for the digital soundtrack of the game, digital mini-strategy guide, and digital behind the scenes making of videos.
WINNER: DARK SOULS - Dark Souls will ship feature-complete, harkening back to the days when buying one product in a box meant a final sale. Skyrim fans can expect to wait months or more for the 'final' feature complete version, aka the 'Ultimate Edition' that will cost less than buying the game at launch and all the DLC/expanded content put together.
As leading presidential candidates spoke at the Washington gathering of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), promising support and a crackdown on boycotts of Israel, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders made a dissenting speech in Salt Lake City, where he spoke up for suffering Palestinians. It received little broadcast media attention.
As Sanders trails Clinton in delegate count, his campaign has effectively been discounted by major media.
The speeches in Washington featured comparisons between the boycott movement and anti-Semitism ( Hillary Clinton), claims that the Palestinians were part of a “culture of death” (John Kasich), promises to shield Israel from U.N. intervention (Donald Trump), and vows to cut off federal funding to universities that boycott the Israeli occupation (Ted Cruz).
In a speech from Salt Lake City, which had been offered as a telecast to AIPAC — an offer that was denied — the Vermont senator reiterated his support for Israel's security. He also insisted that “peace also means security for every Palestinian. It means achieving self-determination, civil rights, and economic well-being for the Palestinian people.”
Sanders called it “absurd” for Israel to pursue more settlements in response to violence. “Peace will also mean ending the economic blockade of Gaza,” he said. “And it will mean a sustainable and equitable distribution of precious water resources so that Israel and Palestine can both thrive as neighbors.”
While objecting to rocket attacks by Hamas, he also reiterated that he “condemned the [Israeli] bombing of hospitals, schools, and refugee camps.” He insisted that while Israel is a friend to the United States, “as friends, we are obligated to speak the truth as we see it. This is what real friendship demands, especially in difficult times.”
Watch Sanders's Middle East speech below:
Sanders's address stood out in contrast to the remarks from the other four major party candidates left in the race.
Yet a query using the TV Eyes broadcast media search engine found that the text of the speech was mentioned only in a handful of outlets. Unlike the addresses by Clinton and Trump, no major broadcast outlet carried it live. CNN International read a section of Sanders's prepared remarks in a segment with writer Peter Beinart, a frequent critic of Israeli settlements; Al Jazeera America read a portion of Sanders's remarks in commentary on the speeches at AIPAC. BBC World played a portion of Sanders' speech dealing with the need to be friends to both Israel and the Palestinians. Although MSNBC did not cover the speech or its content, Hardball with Chris Matthews featured former U.S. ambassador Marc Ginsberg to explain Sanders's absence at AIPAC by saying, “Mr. Sanders … has never really extolled his jewishness, much less any support for Israel.”
Sanders did get a chance to expand on his views on the issue during a sit-down interview with MSNBC's Chris Hayes and a CNN town hall. In both cases, the topic was discussed only briefly. “Overwhelmingly, the United States has time and time again looked aside when Israel has done some bad things,” he said during a two-minute segment with Anderson Cooper.
Related:
Excellent dial with creamy orange markers. The hands have aged to be a few shades darker than the dial. The watch comes with the correct open 6 and 9 silver date disk.
Excellent 93150 bracelet with 11 links and 580 end links. Bracelet has very light stretch from use.
Excellent thick and sharp case that has the original bevel clearly visible and has some wear from use.
We ship your watch anywhere in the world via fully-insured FedEx Priority Overnight® shipping.
You may return the watch for any reason within the inspection period if not completely satisfied.
All HQ Milton timepieces are 100% guaranteed to be authentic and as described – or your money back.
What Customers Are Saying
Greg W. USA Thanks Jacek and your Sales Team for your awesome prices and the exceptional Customer service! I will be buying 2 more Rolex watches from you guys this year. Cheers! If you are looking at buying a Rolex watch, from a vintage Rolex to a newer Rolex, don't look anywhere else, I highly recommend that you buy from HQ Milton in San Francisco. You will be glad you did!
John C. USA I've purchased multiple pieces from Jacek and his team and have never had any problems except my being glued to their website non-stop looking for more. It's a relief to deal with people that value integrity and quality when it comes to vintage watches (and current pieces also once in awhile). Keep up the great work HQ and you got a customer for life.
The prospect of a competitive Scottish Professional Football League fixture being played abroad has taken a step nearer after confirmation yesterday that international sports rights agency MP & Silva have been appointed as the SPFL's International Development Partner for season 2013-14.
It is understood that discussions have already taken place at SPFL boardroom level about a game overseas with MP & Silva having also been appointed as the SPFL's broadcast partner for nine years, from next season.
The terms of this season's agreement with the SPFL means that MP & Silva will be the sole licensee of the SPFL's broadcast rights in the Middle East, North Africa and Asia for the rest of this season.
Efforts are now being made to establish strong ties with what SPFL chief executive Neil Doncaster yesterday described as “key” regions.
The possibility of staging a match in these territories is one idea that has been discussed with clubs.
The new agreement is worth a seven-figure sum to the SPFL and, as part of the deal, games will be shown on television, phone and digital platforms, while low resolution streams will also be made available on betting websites within these regions. MP & Silva will own all the broadcasting rights for regions outwith the UK and Ireland from the start of next season.
News of a planned game abroad is likely to concern supporters.
A friendly match between Rangers and Celtic in Boston was considered in 2010, but did not take place after one local newspaper highlighted fears of crowd trouble. Any plan to play a competitive fixture abroad would be a yet more controversial proposal.
In 2008, Richard Scudamore, the then chief executive of the Premier League in England, raised the prospect of all teams playing one extra match in foreign territory, something which was termed “the 39th game”.
The suggestion caused outrage among fans' groups and the idea was shelved.
However, the concept of playing matches abroad has long been established in American sports, most notably American football.
“We are delighted to announce that we will be working with MP & Silva, one season earlier than planned, in the key territories of the Middle East, North Africa and Asia, including important territories such as China, Japan, South Korea,” said Doncaster yesterday.
“This will extend the coverage of Scottish football around the world, as well as delivering a financial boost to all 42 clubs in the league.”
Even with less than a quarter of school buildings participating, the weight of all the discarded bananas and other scraps — including anything children can put into their mouths, from chips to sandwich meat to salads — came to 1,400 tons between September and March, compared with 450 tons during the entire 2012-13 school year.
Other cities, like Seattle and San Francisco, have been composting school food for years. Chicago has, too, though there the effort has been smaller in scope — the scraps are mostly kept on school grounds, like in gardens, and are limited to fruit and vegetables. But the district is trying commercial composting at one school, Blaine Elementary, and seeing if it can save money.
Chicago has not felt the same imperative as New York, said Meredith C. McDermott, the sustainability manager for Chicago's schools. “Landfills in the Midwest are cheap, so that's why we have been slower” to fully embrace composting, she said.
New York's school composting efforts are part of an expanding citywide program in which residents are being asked to separate their scraps for weekly pickups by city sanitation trucks. The city is also teaming up with school districts in Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami and Orlando to make bulk purchases of compostable plates that are used in place of plastic foam plates, said Eric S. Goldstein, the chief executive for school support services for the New York City Education Department.
Those plates go straight into the compost bins — at least when students get it right.
At P.S. 30, students done with their lunch have a choice of three plastic bins: one for landfill garbage like plastic bags, foam cups and wrappers; one for recyclables, like metal, glass, plastic and milk cartons; and one for food scraps. Nearby is a red bucket where unconsumed milk is poured; it is later sent down a drain.
The assembly line operation showed the mind-bending task at hand: Some children wrongly threw the new trays into the landfill bin. Others hastily dumped leftover chips, bag and all, into the food bucket, which was catching all manner of the day's offerings: intact or half-eaten peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and cheese sandwiches, cucumbers, salad bar detritus and those bananas, which, truth be told, looked a day or so shy of being ripe.
A “green team” of students — wearing latex gloves or holding plastic talons — picked out wayward junk. One of them, Shannon Ahr, 10, said they had noticed that the younger children seemed to get it right more often that the older ones.
Researchers at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) have shown that by bringing gold nanoparticles close to the dots and using a DNA template to control the distances, the intensity of a quantum dot's fluorescence can be predictably increased or decreased. Their research was published in Angewandte Chemie. This breakthrough opens a potential path to using quantum dots as a component in better photodetectors, chemical sensors and nanoscale lasers.
Anyone who has tried to tune a radio knows that moving their hands toward or away from the antenna can improve or ruin the reception. Although the reasons are well understood, controlling this strange effect is difficult, even with hundred-year-old radio technology. Similarly, nanotechnology researchers have been frustrated trying to control the light emitted from quantum dots, which brighten or dim with the proximity of other particles.
The NIST team developed ways to accurately and precisely place different kinds of nanoparticles near each other and to measure the behavior of the resulting nanoscale constructs. Because nanoparticle-based inventions may require multiple types of particles to work together, it is crucial to have reliable methods to assemble them and to understand how they interact.
The researchers looked at two types of nanoparticles, quantum dots, which glow with fluorescent light when illuminated, and gold nanoparticles, which have long been known to enhance the intensity of light around them. The two could work together to make nanoscale sensors built using rectangles of woven DNA strands, formed using a technique called "DNA origami."
These DNA rectangles can be engineered to capture different types of nanoparticles at specific locations with a precision of about one nanometer. Tiny changes in the distance between a quantum dot and a gold nanoparticle near one another on the rectangle cause the quantum dot to glow more or less brightly as it moves away from or toward the gold. Because these small movements can be easily detected by tracking the changes in the quantum dot's brightness, they can be used to reveal, for example, the presence of a particular chemical that is selectively attached to the DNA rectangle. However, getting it to work properly is complicated, says NIST's Alex Liddle.
"A quantum dot is highly sensitive to the distance between it and the gold, as well as the size, number and arrangement of the gold particles," says Liddle, a scientist with the NIST Center for Nanoscale Science and Technology. "These factors can boost its fluorescence, mask it or change how long its glow lasts. We wanted a way to measure these effects, which had never been done before."
Liddle and his colleagues made several groups of DNA rectangles, each with a different configuration of quantum dots and gold particles in a solution. Using a laser as a spotlight, the team was able to follow the movement of individual DNA rectangles in the liquid, and also could detect changes in the fluorescent lifetime of the quantum dots when they were close to gold particles of different sizes. They also showed that they could exactly predict the lifetime of the fluorescence of the quantum dot depending on the size of the nearby gold nanoparticles.
While their tracking technique was time consuming, Liddle says that the strength of their results will enable them to engineer the dots to have a specific desired lifetime. Moreover, the success of their tracking method could lead to better measurement methods.
"Our main goals for the future," he concludes, "are to build better nanoscale sensors using this approach and to develop the metrology necessary to measure their performance."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Kim Jong-un (R) with another member of the Kim dynasty, his paternal aunt Kim Kyong-hui in 2013
An aunt of the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been running a dry-cleaning business in the US after defecting with her family in 1998, the Washington Post reports.
Ko Yong-suk told how she looked after Kim when he was at school in Switzerland.
Ko, a sister of Kim's mother, now lives anonymously outside New York City.
The CIA, which reportedly helped them buy a house after their defection, has not confirmed or denied her claims.
In a wide-ranging interview with The Washington Post, Mrs Ko set out how she was sent to Switzerland with her husband, to look after members of the ruling family studying there.
She remembers Kim Jong-un as "short-tempered" and with a "lack of tolerance".
'I changed their diapers'
Although Mrs Ko has not seen her nephew for nearly 20 years and does not appear to have held an official position, some of the details revealed in the interview shed new light on the patchy information available about the North Korean leader.
Mrs Ko says he was born in 1984, the same year as her own son was born, and not in 1982 or 1983 as has been widely reported.
"He and my son were playmates from birth. I changed both of their diapers," she told the newspaper.
Image copyright Yonhap Image caption According to his aunt, Kim Jong-un brought friends home from his school in Switzerland to eat cake and play with Lego
Another insight that will catch the attention of Korea observers is that Kim allegedly knew from 1992 that he would become the North Korean leader.
The signal was sent at his eighth birthday party, attended by North Korea's top brass, she said.
The rest of the world learnt this during the North Korean Workers' Party Conference of 2010.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Kim Jong-un (C) was given his first political appointment in 2010
It remains unclear why the family defected to the US.
The Washington Post suggests it may have been out of fear that they would fall out of favour after Kim's mother, who had breast cancer, died.
After months of questioning by the CIA, the family moved to the US and set up a dry-cleaning business.
Mrs Ko considers herself lucky. "My kids went to great schools and they're successful, and I have my husband, who can fix anything. There's nothing we can envy," she told the Washington Post.
Her husband agrees, saying "I think we have achieved the American Dream".
Mrs Ko came to public attention last year when she filed a defamation case against three defectors for allegedly spreading false stories about her.
Her lawyer said she was seeking 60m won ($51,600) in a South Korean court.
Powerful storm systems common to the Great Plains inject water vapor that, with observed temperature variations, can trigger the same chemical reactions over the central United States that are the cause of ozone loss over the polar regions, according to a new paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
A new study out of Harvard University reveals that the protective stratospheric ozone layer above the central United States is vulnerable to erosion during the summer months from ozone-depleting chemical reactions, exposing people, livestock and crops to the harmful effects of UV radiation.
A new study out of Harvard University reveals that the protective stratospheric ozone layer above the central United States is vulnerable to erosion during the summer months from ozone-depleting chemical reactions, exposing people, livestock and crops to the harmful effects of UV radiation.
Powerful storm systems common to the Great Plains inject water vapor that, with observed temperature variations, can trigger the same chemical reactions over the central United States that are the cause of ozone loss over the polar regions, according to a new paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The paper, led by James G. Anderson, the Philip S. Weld Professor of Atmospheric Chemistry at the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS) and the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences, found that stratospheric ozone concentrations over the United States in summer are vulnerable to both increases in water vapor and observed variations in temperature from storm systems over the Great Plains. Increased frequency and intensity of these storm systems, as well as longer-term decreases in stratospheric temperatures, are expected to accompany climate change.
Read more at Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
Image Credits: Harvard University
There is one version of the bill.
(PDF provides a complete and accurate display of this text.)
113th CONGRESS
1st Session
H. R. 287
To require ratings label on video games and to prohibit the sales and rentals of adult-rated video games to minors.
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
January 15, 2013
Mr. Matheson introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce
A BILL
To require ratings label on video games and to prohibit the sales and rentals of adult-rated video games to minors.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
SECTION 1. Short title.
This Act may be cited as the “Video Games Ratings Enforcement Act”.
SEC. 2. Rating label requirement for video games.
(a) Conduct prohibited.—It shall be unlawful for any person to ship or otherwise distribute in interstate commerce, or to sell or rent, a video game that does not contain a rating label, in a clear and conspicuous location on the outside packaging of the video game, containing an age-based content rating determined by the Entertainment Software Ratings Board.
(b) Requirement of retailers To post ratings information.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Trade Commission shall promulgate rules requiring all retail establishments engaged in the sale of video games to display, in a clear and conspicuous location, information about the content rating system of the Entertainment Software Ratings Board. Such rules shall prescribe the information required to be displayed concerning the basic age-based content ratings of such Board.
SEC. 3. Prohibition on sales and rentals of adult-rated video games to minors.
It shall be unlawful for any person to sell or rent, or attempt to sell or rent—
(1) any video game containing a content rating of “Adults Only” (as determined by the Entertainment Software Ratings Board) to any person under the age of 18; or
(2) any video game containing a content rating of “Mature” (as determined by such Board) to any person under the age of 17.
SEC. 4. Enforcement by the Federal Trade Commission.
(a) Unfair or Deceptive Act or Practice.—A violation of sections 2 or 3 shall be treated as a violation of a rule defining an unfair or deceptive act or practice prescribed under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)). The Federal Trade Commission shall enforce this Act in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Commission Act were incorporated into and made a part of this Act.
(b) Penalty.—Notwithstanding section 5(m) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(m)), any person who violates section 2 or 3 of this Act shall be subject to a civil penalty of not more than $5,000 per violation.
Continuing my cursory exploration of semiotics and post-modern thought, I'm struck by the similarity between writing in those traditions, and picking up women. The most-important traits for practitioners of both are energy, enthusiasm, and confidence. In support of this proposition, here is a photo of Slavoj Zizek at his 2006 wedding:
Having philosophical or logical rigor, or demonstrating the usefulness of your ideas using empirical data, does not seem to provide a similar advantage, despite taking a lot of time.
I speculate that semiotics and post-modernism (which often go hand-in-hand) became popular by natural selection. They provide specialized terminologies which give the impression of rigorous thought without requiring actual rigor. People who use them can thus out-publish their more-careful competitors. So post-modernism tends to drive rigorous thought out of any field it enters.
(It's possible to combine post-modern ideas and a time-consuming empirical approach, as Thomas Kuhn did in The Structure of Scientific Revolutions. But it's uncommon.)
If rigorous thought significantly reduces publication rate, we should find that the rigor of a field or a person correlates inversely with words per person-year. Establishing that fact alone, combined with the emphasis on publication in academics, would lead us to expect that any approach that allowed one to fake or dispense with intellectual rigor in a field would rapidly take over that field.
We should also then suspect that any supposedly rigorous field, or school within a field, which has a markedly high WPY, is bullshit.
I listed some prominent names from various fields under two categories, "rigorous" and "not rigorous". Then I counted the number of books and articles they published per year. I stop the year count at min(last year of publication, year of their death) because some people slow down in their last years. I estimate average page count for articles when they're given, and count 300 pages as 1 book. Sometimes I threw out the first publication when it appeared to be a thesis or other very early work written many years before anything else. I tried not to count patents, talks, letters, notes, reports, unpublished papers, translations, or republications. I counted autobiographies if they wrote them during their productive years, but not if they wrote them at the ends of their lives.
Some people also wrote poetry or fiction. I counted one book of poetry as equal to one book of scientific output (in the time it takes to produce), one novel as 1/3 of an academic book, one play as 1/9 of a book, and a book of plays as 1/3 of a book. (Yes, I pulled those numbers out of my somewhat-informed ass.) I divided by number of co-authors for multiple-author books.
Comparisons of publication rates across different time periods may not be fair, but I did them anyway.
It is important to note that I AM NOT SAYING POST-MODERNIST THOUGHT IS GARBAGE. Derrida had some good points to make.
I'm not even saying that everyone should be rigorous. Marx, Freud, and Nietzsche probably wouldn't have been able to make their great imaginative leaps if they had been rigorous.
I am saying that, if a particular approach to a discipline enables someone to write more books per year, we should expect to find people in that discipline adopting that approach, just as novelists adopted typewriters and then computers. I'm hypothesizing that a lack of rigor enables someone to write more books per year. If this is true, we should expect any school of thought that can falsely signal rigor, or that can justify a lack of rigor, to have a strong evolutionary advantage in academic disciplines.
People I consider non-rigorous and their Books Per Year (BPY):
Dane Rudhyar (astrology): BPY = 1.05: 57 books, 1 article, 1 book of poetry, and 3 novels over 57 years (1929-1985). This was hard to count because there is almost no overlap between her bibliography on Wikipedia and on goodreads. I'm suspicious that many of these might be very short, poor-quality, or repetitive, because many of them were published long after her death.
Georg Hegel (philosophy): .57, 18 "books" in 31 years (1801-1831). I arrived at the number 18 by dividing the 5,314 pages in his collected works by 300.
Nietzsche (philosophy): .95, 18 books in 19 years (1870-1888). I think Nietzsche's works are great, just not what I'd call "rigorous". Nietzsche was often very ill, which reduced his productivity.
Sigmund Freud (psychology): .49, 24 books in 49 years (1891-1939). I'm counting the number of volumes in The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud.
Slavoj Zizek (semiotic philosophy and social criticism): 1.56, 39 books in 25 years (1989-2014). Disclaimer: I haven't read his work, just some critiques of it. ADDED: OMG, I read the first few pages of On Belief and "How did Marx invent the symptom?" He is a genuine Marxist-Leninist, who believes in the labor theory of value and the necessity of secret police and of violent oppression of non-Marxist beliefs. Also, extremely non-rigorous, but insightful, except when it comes to Marxism. His books are short, though.
Jacques Derrida (post-modern philosophy): .85, 28 books over 33 years (1967-1999). (I'm unable to tell if a 2003 book is by him or some kind of anthology, since it has editors listed, so I'm stopping my count at 1999. He has several posthumous works, which I didn't count.)
Jacques Lacan (post-structuralism): ??, 65 publications but zero books over 36 years (1945-1980). I ignored his pre-war publications because he was a practicing M.D. and a soldier most of that time. This is a useless count because most of these appear to be articles, but possibly very long ones, no page lengths given. Probably a low word per year, though. His publications appear to be transcriptions of his lectures. The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy says "Lacan was famously ambivalent about publication."
Gertrude Stein (neo-modernist poetry and literary theory): .72, 24 books of poetry or non-fiction, 7 novels, 4 plays, 2 collections of plays over 38 years (1909-1946).
George Steiner (post-modern literary theory): .79, 41 books and 2 articles over 52 years (1960-2011).
Trofim Lysenko (evolutionary biology): Unfortunately, I can't find a list of his publications.
Janet Evanovich (fiction): .62, 49.5 novels and 1 book over 28 years (1987-2014). By "not rigorous" I mean she doesn't worry about anything beyond the surface meaning in her books, and I didn't think she thought very deeply about that. This is based on her book on writing rather than on actually reading her novels. I included her to test my "divide by 3" factor for novels.
Karl Marx (economics): .70, 24 books over 34 years (1842-1875).
Average BPY: .83
People I expect to be acceptably rigorous:
Sam Harris (atheistic morality & philosophy): .58, 7 books in 12 years.
Benedict Spinoza (philosophy): .39, 7 books in 18 years (1660-1677).
Robert Penn Warren (literary theory): .56, 15 books, 1 article, 11 novels, 10 poetry collections over 51 years (1938-1988). I didn't count poetry collections that appeared to be mainly reprintings of earlier collections.
I. A. Richards (empirical literary theory?): .46, 18 books over 39 years (1922-1960). I haven't read him directly, but he's a key figure in New Criticism, which is the main alternative to modernist and post-modernist literary theory in the 20th century.
Charles Darwin (evolutionary biology): .46, 20 books over 43 years (1839-1881). Some are monographs, and may be short.
Donald Knuth (computer science): .28, 13 books and 156 articles over 54 years (1959-2012). This is problematic, because the median page count for his articles is either 1 or 2, and many are just practice math problems. I knocked off 6 publications for sounding trivial, and took average length as 4. I'm hesitant to include him since his most famous work is not original, but review.
Alan Turing (math, computer science, biology, philosophy): .16, 3.17 "books" over 20 years (1935-1954). Many articles, collected into 4 books with 228 + 132 + 286 + 306 = 952 pages.
Marvin Minsky (AI): .12, 4 books and 42 articles over 45 years (1950-1995), but this list of articles says it is "selected". (It can't be very selective, because it includes a preface and an introduction, which I did not count.) Average page count appears to be around 10.
Jon von Neumann (mostly math, also economics, computer science, AI): .31, 113 articles over 37 years (1923-1959). I stopped at 1959 because I was tired of counting. Wildly varying page counts, perhaps averaging 30.
Andrew Wiles (math): .075, 24 articles over 32 years (1977-2008), average page count ~ 30.
Albert Einstein (physics): .69, 28 books and 498 articles over 55 years (1901-1955). Taking average article length as 6 pages based on sparse data.
Kenneth Arrow (economics): .27, 86 articles, 8 chapters, 11 books over 53 years (1962-2014). Average article length ~ 10 pages, average chapter 18 pages.
Robert Frost (poetry): .22, 8 short books of poetry in 35 years (1913-1947). (But note that all of Frost's poems fit in one 607-page book.) I believe he wrote some articles, but I don't have a list of them.
Average BPY: .37
Average BPY excluding math, physics, + comp sci: .44
I couldn't think of any famous and notably non-rigorous mathematicians, physicists, or computer scientists.
I'm not going to draw graphs or do statistical analysis, because these numbers are just exploratory. I'd want more data, and more accurate data, from more comparable writers. I'd want at least to know the number of words per year (not books per year), to refine my constants, and perhaps to build a predictive model from training data that used year of publication and age of author.
But it seems that people in more-rigorous fields write fewer books per year, although the difference is not as great as I expected. The people I think of as more rigorous wrote on average fewer books per year. More than .7 books per year is suspicious in any field.
I expect that words per year (WPY) correlates with academic success. If nothing else, it must correlate with health, motivation, and spare time. Sometimes success comes from taking many years to produce one major work, though--Darwin's theory of evolution, James Joyce's Ulysses, Wiles' proof of Fermat's last theorem. So I suppose that, to be rigorous, the idea would have to be tested. I'm not sure what the control set should be.
To test the notion that post-modernism is a meme that drives out others by increasing words per year, rather than by being a more useful theory, we'd have to quantify the career advantage provided by WPY itself across all types of academics, the advantage provided by being a post-modernist, and the correlation between WPY and post-modernism, and then show that the resulting WPY advantage accounted for most of the success of post-modernists. We'd probably also have to factor out the predicted advantage provided by the fraction of practitioners in the field who are your intellectual allies, because having post-modern content should become more of an advantage when more people in the field are post-modernists.
If the average career advantage of post-modernists were less than that predicted from their WPY and intellectual-allies advantages alone, that would suggest that the content of post-modern thinking correlates negatively with success. I don't predict that would be the result, but it would be an interesting outcome.
(Doing that experiment would be possible, but it's probably easier just to argue that post-modernism is a totalizing metanarrative whose privileging of negative capability pathologizes the construction of stable paradigms.)
If you have some favorite rational or irrational thinkers, and can find out how many words per year they published, feel free to post below.
Share
When looking for professional models to photograph, your options are limited. You can either reach out to model groups on social networking sites or use a dedicated network such as Model Meyhem, designed specifically for this process.
The problem with the former is it's sometimes difficult to get into the groups, especially when they're location-specific and invite-only. The issue with the latter is that it's an extremely convoluted experience and almost entirely overrun by NSFW photographers and models — not the best option unless you're looking to get into nude or boudoir photography.
Enter FStop, a new application that takes inspiration from Tinder to help photographers and models connect with one another to mutually benefit each other's portfolio.
To get started, simply create a login and accompanying password. Once logged in, you can add in a profile bio, a collection of your photography work, your location, a website, a link to your Instagram profile, a daily rate, and even confirm your identity using FStop's integrated verification system.
Once all of your information has been added, you can then start to search for models on the service. Much like Tinder, you can view each model's profile and choose whether or not you want to work with them by selecting either the “♡” or “X” icon. If you “swipe right” and the model does as well, you'll get connected with one another and can use the integrated messaging service to further discuss ideas for potential photoshoots.
One of the more convenient features is the integrated payment system, which lets both photographers and models compensate one another for their work. Powered by online payment system Stripe, it's a simple and secure platform for making sure each party is compensated.
When it comes down to it, FStop doesn't offer anything more than what other similar services do. The difference is it brings the elements together in a much simpler interface that helps keep the focus on getting photoshoots scheduled.
In addition to photographers and models, FStop also has account options for makeup artists, hair stylists, wardrobe stylists, and retouchers.
FStop is available to the public, but as its founder Mick B. notes, it's still in its infancy and has lots of bugs to fix and issues to correct. If you want to take it for a spin, head on over to the FStop website and create an account.
Bones, skin and hair samples, including those from murder victims, from a macabre back-room police museum collection are being laid to rest.
The New Zealand Police Museum at Porirua has revealed it had 37 sets of human remains in storage from a collection used for investigative training by the detectives of the 1920s and 1930s.
But while some will be returned to living descendants, most will remain unidentified and will be cremated.
ROBERT KITCHIN Bullet cartridges are among the case evidence retained by the police museum from the Lakey murders.
Although the sad ending of some of the people in the collection - like the tiny victims of a notorious Wellington "baby farmer" hanged for his crimes in the 1920s - are recorded, many of their actual identities remain unknown.
The evidence has been largely untouched since the last known acquisition of body parts in 1957. The museum's director Rowan Carroll believedit was unethical to keep the body parts any longer and is now at the end of a three-year repatriation project.
"Once they have been laid to rest it will be a very big relief for me, because I've felt that they haven't been shown the respect they should have been decades ago."
The collection comprises five identified adult murder victims, one identified adult accident victim, four infanticide victims, 20 aborted fetuses and seven unidentified adults, whose causes of death are unknown.
Little is known about the body parts' provenance, aside from those that came from medical suppliers. Carroll believed the remains were sourced from trial evidence and instead of being buried with the rest of their owner's body, were kept for police training.
Carroll found no living descendants for the three of the six identified victims. However, her detective work poring through birth, death and marriage databases, newspaper archives and other documents, means three other victims' remains were being returned to their largely unaware descendants. Those victims' identities are not being released while the repatriation is under way, she said.
The rest, whom police have never been able to identify have already been cremated. Police will soon publicly announce the dates of public ceremonies to inter the seven "John" and "Janes Does'" ashes in Wellington. Four infanticide victims' remains will be interred alongside 20 aborted fetuses in a mass grave at the children's cemetery at Makara.
Such a grisly collection of relics is unlikely to be replicated in today's museums without the consent of victims or their families - not only because there is "no appetite for it," Carroll said.
"It would not happen again. We now have legislation that governs it."
A MACABRE COLLECTION
The stories of some of the unfortunate souls whose human remains feature in the New Zealand Police Museum's collection have been untold for decades.
The Police Museum was used for teaching from 1908. Much of the collection comprises the remains of people killed in the 1930s. Detectives might have analysed their remains to understand the physical effects of violent crime at a time when the role of forensic pathology in criminal trials was a shadow of what it is today.
The "baby farmer's" victims
Daniel and Martha Cooper ran a women's "retreat" in the Wellington suburb of Newlands that was really a back-alley abortion and baby farming business. They offered money and a place to stay for women with unwanted pregnancies. But as detectives discovered in a grisly backyard find in 1922, at least four "adopted" babies met tragic ends. Cooper was charged with murdering them, including two he had fathered himself. He was hanged but his wife was acquitted. Two baby skeletons were stored at the museum.
Read more: The Newlands baby farmers
Flags mark where police found the remains of babies in Isabel "Annie" Aves' backyard.
Abortionist Isabel "Annie" Aves
Twenty foetal remains and two infants' skeletons - all kept by the museum - were found buried in Hastings abortionist Isabel "Annie" Aves' garden in 1936. Aves helped women with their "problems," as a New Zealand Herald report of the time put it. It was in the days before abortions were legal. According to Te Ara Encyclopaedia Aves was a fashionable figure, noted for considering men financially liable for unwanted pregnancies - she would send "IOU" notes for the abortion costs to the fellows responsible for impregnating her clients. After three hung juries Aves was acquitted in 1937 - but was shot dead in 1938 by an abortion client's boyfriend after the woman became ill.
Samuel Pender Lakey
Farmer William Bally slaughtered his Ruawaro, Waikato neighbour Christabel Lakey and hid her body in a duckpond in 1933. He killed her husband Samuel Pender Lakey too - then burned the man's body and smashed his belongings and hid them in a sheep dip in a bid to frame the dead man for his wife's murder. As An Encyclopaedia of New Zealand noted it was a neighbour noticing the couple's cows hadn't been milked that alerted police to the brutal slayings. Bayly was hanged. Carroll's research into Bayly's motive found he thought the Lakeys were smearing his reputation as they suspected his involvement in another killing he was never convicted for. Samuel's burned boned fragments and hair sample will be interred in Christobel's unmarked grave at Huntly Cemetery.
Edwin Norman Armstrong
When Edwin Norman Armstrong began to lose his mind, his eldest son Douglas Armstrong feared for his mother and younger brother's livelihood. He killed his father in a fight in 1938, and dismembered him in an attempt to conceal his crime. Until a suitcase containing his headless and limbless torso floated up to Picton Wharf, the Evening Post reported. Another suitcase containing his arms, legs and head floated ashore a week later. Douglas was convicted of manslaughter and his mother died while he was still imprisoned. His brother died unmarried and childless and Douglas' history stops there, Carroll said. "I cannot find a single note about him, at all, and he certainly isn't a registered death within New Zealand." The museum will return four of Armstrong's leg bones to his Karori gravesite.
Herbert Henry Knight
Herbert Knight went missing in 1922. His bludgeoned body was found buried on his Johnsonville farm. Former employee John Tuhi was hanged for the murder. The museum will return Knight's "tiny" skull to his unmarked Karori grave, Carroll said. "The bones in his cranium were very, very thin. It was important that police understood how something as simple as whacking someone on the head could result in death because of the physiology of his skull."
The John and Jane Does
Among the seven sets of human remains police have been unable to identify was the top of a skull. What police do know is that the bone fragment was found in a vat of zinc at the old Kia Ora galvanising works in the Wellington suburb of Newtown in 1905, Carroll said. "They investigated that really thoroughly but they could not work out whether it had come in with the zinc or whether it was in the vat." All remains have been cremated and will be interred together at Wellington's Makara Cemetery.
Qatar sends 1,000 soldiers to Yemen after coalition sees losses (updated)
Ray Toh/Flickr
Updated on Sept. 7 with confirmation that the troops have been deployed
Qatar has deployed some 1,000 ground troops to Yemen, following the death of at least 60 soldiers from the Gulf countries this week, according to Al Jazeera.
Speaking to Doha News, a spokesperson for Qatar's Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Sunday declined to comment on whether the nation's military was becoming more involved in the ongoing clash between the Houthi rebels and the Yemeni government.
However, a correspondent for the state-funded Al Jazeera Network reported on Monday from the Saudi-Yemen border that Qatar troops were heading to Yemen, and backed by more than 200 armored vehicles and 30 Apache combat helicopters.
This week, reactions to the news have been mainly supportive from people in the Gulf, according to the trending hashtag #جيش_قطر_يتجه_لسحق_الحوثي (Qatar's army is going to crush the Houthis).
On Twitter, some prayed for the soldiers' protection and victory against the rebels, while others hailed the unity among the Gulf states taking part in the military offensive:
اللهم احفظ كل جندي عسكري ، ترك أحبابه وأهله وأصدقاءه ، من أجل خدمة الوطن واداء واجبه #جيش_قطر_يتجه_لسحق_الحوثي ?? — حمود شاي (@__almulla) September 6, 2015
Translation: May God protect every soldier who left his loved ones, family and friends to serve the country and perform his duty.
مرحبا مليون بالجيش القطري ورجاله البواسل في معركة المصير سوف يكون لابناء #التميمي كلمة حسم #جيش_قطر_يتجه_لسحق_الحوثي pic.twitter.com/WIukD2zHuo — DR.Mohamad ALdosari (@drmohamadalhdla) September 6, 2015
Translation: A million welcomes to the Qatari army and its brave men. In the decisive battle, (Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani's) children will have the final word.
Solidarity
The deployment of Qatar troops comes days after dozens of Saudi and Emirati soldiers were killed in an explosion at a weapons store in central Yemen.
According to QNA, Qatar has expressed its condolences and said it stands in solidarity with Saudi Arabia and UAE following the deaths.
The explosion was apparently caused by rockets fired from the Houthis and led to the demise of 45 Emirati soldiers, “one of the worst losses of life in the history of the UAE military,” according to Reuters.
Heartwrenching. My condolences to the families of the 45 UAE martyrs and to our country. (image via @HoorAlq) pic.twitter.com/xnDdbHjVUA — سلطان سعود القاسمي (@SultanAlQassemi) September 5, 2015
The explosion also caused the highest number of deaths for the coalition since the beginning of the Saudi-led military offensive on the Houthis in March, after 10 Saudi soldiers died in the same explosion.
Meanwhile, Bahrain's official news agency BNA said five Bahraini soldiers were killed while on duty protecting Saudi Arabia, deaths that apparently refer to the same incident, according to Reuters.
Operation Decisive Storm
Qatar and several other GCC and Arab countries have been part of a Saudi-led military offensive in Yemen since it first began in March, expressing support for the government of exiled Yemeni president Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi.
Bulent Kavakkoru/Flickr
According to Al Arabiya, Qatar had initially deployed 10 fighter jets to Yemen to participate in the offensive.
Early last month, the UAE sent a military brigade to Yemen to fight Houthi rebels, senior Yemeni and United States military officials told the New York Times.
Gulf involvement has in part to do with concerns that the conflict in Yemen would give Iran a chance to gain a foothold over the Arabian Peninsula via the Houthi rebels, which are considered “Iranian proxies,” David Roberts, a lecturer at King's College in London, previously told Doha News.
Some analysts have said Shia Iran's support comes as it is locked in a struggle for influence with regional Sunni rival Saudi Arabia.
The Houthis hail from the Shia Zaydi community, which makes up around a third of Yemen's population and is concentrated in the north, according to the Guardian.
Wikicommons
So far, the conflict has resulted in a “massive” humanitarian crisis, according to the United Nations.
Since March, at least 1,950 civilians have been killed and 4,271 wounded in air strikes and fighting on the ground in Yemen, according to UN figures cited by the BBC.
The channel reported that “the destruction of infrastructure and restrictions on imports imposed by a Saudi-led coalition carrying have led to 21 million people being deprived of life-sustaining commodities and basic services.”
It added that last month, the UN children's fund (Unicef) warned that an average of eight children were being killed or maimed every day.
Thoughts?
One of the ancient world's most impressive imperialistic struggles came to a peaceful conclusion on this date in 1985. A formal, diplomatic settlement of the third war between the two powers had not been taken care of for 2,321 years.
Following the defeat in the Third Punic War, of Carthage, or Punici in Latin, the Roman Republic engaged in mopping up and consolidating her wins on the Iberian Peninsula. Rome was also involved in conquering the Hellenistic empires to the East.
Meanwhile, Carthage had no more colonial territories and her allies had been subjugated by Rome, as well. In addition, Carthage was to pay 200 silver Talents per year for half a century. (200 silver Talents equals approximately $2,150,000 USD. for a total war reparations debt of $107,500,000.)
The agreements ending the Second Punic War also required Carthage to settle all border disputes with the Roman ally, Numidia, in the Roman Senate, where most were usually decided in favor of Numidia.
By 151 BCE, The Carthagian war reparations were paid in full. The Punic people believed that the treaty had expired. Rome disagreed, thinking the treaty validated permanent subjugation to Rome. Furthermore, with the expiration of reparations, Rome no longer had a financial incentive to keep peace with their rivals.
At the same time, the city of Rome had a population of around 400,000 people. Feeding and supporting the residents was becoming more challenging. The agricultural land around Carthage presented a temptation. This ag-land was some of the most accessible, productive territory not yet under control of the Roman Republic.
The Carthagians suffered an invasion by Numidia in 151 BCE. Carthage suffered a military defeat and was charged another 50-year reparations debt. Consequently, Rome also displayed unhappiness with the Numidian conflict undertaken without Roman consent. Carthage was told they had to “satisfy the Roman People” to avoid another war.
In spite of the best efforts of the beleaguered Carthigians, Rome declared war in 149 BCE. Rome and Carthage waged fierce battles. Carthage pitted a brave and intelligent resistance effort. The siege of Carthage lasted until the spring of 146 BCE when Roman General Scipio-Aemilianus smashed through the city defences. Despite a valiant fight, the Carthagians were pressed into defeat. A portion of the remaining 60,000 survinging Punic people were brought to Rome as booty and sold into slavery.
The city of Carthage was set to flames for 17 days, the city walls and buildings were smashed to pieces. The remainder of the Carthaginian territory was annexed by Rome and was reclassified as the Roman Province of Africa. That land around Carthage was shared between the local farming communities and Italian overlords. As expected, the region became an important source of grain for the Roman and Italian interests. 100 years after the conquest, Carthage was rebuilt as a Roman city. It was destined to become an important hub of the new Empire.
During the interim time period until the 20th Century, no treaties were needed nor thought about, until the 1960s. At last, a formal treaty was drafted along with a pact of friendship and cooperation was composed in early 1985.
The then mayor of modern Rome, Ugo Vetere, and the then mayor of modern-day Carthage, Chedli Klibi, signed the agreements in a government compound near the city of Tunis, Tunisia. The ages old Third Punic War had come to its formal conclusion.
Ciao
The Blue Jay of Happiness notes that the tale claiming that the Roman army sowed the city soil of Carthage with salt in order that nothing would ever again grow there, is likely a fabrication of 1800s writers. Nothing of the sort actually happened.
OTTAWA — Canada is rebuffing the Kremlin's thinly veiled overtures that it might be willing to lift a travel ban on new Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland if it eases sanctions on Russia.
Joseph Pickerill, Freeland's spokesman, said Canada isn't interested in any bargaining on the subject.
"There is no quid pro quo for aggression and illegal action on their part," Pickerill said in an email.
The Russian news agency Sputnik reported Wednesday that the country wanted to improve relations with Canada and end the diplomatic fight between the two countries.
Chrystia Freeland looks on after being sworn-in as Canada's foreign affairs minister on Tuesday. (Photo: Chris Wattie/Reuters)
Sputnik reported that a source in the Russian foreign ministry told reporters, "We are ready to co-operate with Canada in all directions, improve relations and end the sanctions war. But we did not start it. The question is for Ottawa."
Asked to comment on the report, Kirill Kalinin, a spokesman for the Russian embassy in Ottawa, suggested the onus in now on Canada if it wants the travel ban on Freeland lifted.
"The very last part, '(The) question is for Ottawa,' means that since Canada was the first to implement sanctions, it should be Canada to be the first to cancel some of them," Kalinin said in an email.
Freeland, who replaces Stephane Dion as Canada's top diplomat, is among a dozen Canadians placed on a Russian sanctions list in 2014 as part of Russian President Vladimir Putin's tit-for-tat response to Western sanctions following Russian-backed military incursions into Crimea.
Chrystia Freeland in the House of Commons. (Photo: Chris Wattie/Reuters)
Freeland, a former economic journalist who spent several years working and living in Moscow, has called Putin an authoritarian, an autocrat and "really dangerous."
Following the cabinet shuffle Tuesday that made her Canada's top diplomat, Freeland said her background left her "well-positioned'' to be part of the government's Russian engagement, despite the fact her name is on Putin's sanctions list.
As for getting off that list, "that's up to Moscow," she said.
Sanctions to be a hot topic at European meeting
The Russian sanctions will be a major topic of discussion when a group of Canadian MPs heads to Europe and Asia next week to assess Russia's impact on the region.
Liberal MP Bob Nault, who is the chair of the committee, said some of its discussions with government officials, civil society and academics will centre on whether sanctions are effective, and whether they have any unintended consequences.
The committee has been studying the effect of Canada's sanctions law and is to issue a report in the coming months.
"This trip comes at an opportune time given what is happening on internationally in this part of the world," Nault said.
Also on HuffPost
Image copyright AFP Image caption Juan Manuel, owner of the first shop dedicated to cannabis merchandising in Montevideo, rolls a joint
Uruguay has started registering cannabis growers' clubs as part of the government's plan to legalise the drug.
Licensed clubs of up to 45 members will be allowed to grow a maximum of 99 plants each year.
In August, growing up to six plants of cannabis at home became legal.
Uruguay legalised the production and sale of cannabis last December and the government hopes to sell it from pharmacies in the new year.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A man waits to register at the post office. The new law allowed citizens and legal residents of Uruguay to register to legally grow marijuana at home, with a limit of six plants per home and 480 grams per year.
Under the legislation, each club member can produce no more than 480g of cannabis home each year and the club's growing fields cannot be within 150m of a school, college or a drug rehabilitation centre.
Legalising cannabis has been a sensitive issue in Uruguay, where voters will be going to the polls in a second round of presidential elections on 30 November.
Both presidential candidates have said they will tinker with the new laws if elected.
The legislation has been the brainchild of the outgoing and outspoken President Jose Mujica, who has argued that if the state controls the growth and sale of cannabis production, it can weaken and disarm an illegal drug trade which damages lives across Latin America.
The government estimates there are 150,000 frequent users of cannabis in Uruguay.
Any price comparison is to a new, nonrefurbished product price.
Seagate Backup Plus 2TB USB 3.0 Portable External Hard Drive (Manufacturer Refurbished)
This 2TB portable hard drive has tons of space for all the files on your Mac, PC, or mobile device and is slim enough to take with you anywhere.
Mobile Backups
Using the free Seagate Mobile Backup App for iOS or Android, you can back up your mobile device from anywhere, letting you make room for more photos and videos on-the-go.
High-Speed Transfers
System backups breeze by thanks to this drive's high-speed USB 3.0 connection, which transfers files to and from this hard drive at up to 100MB/s.
Room for Everything
This hard drive's 2TB capacity, which could store up to half a million MP3s or 500 hours of HD video, has enough space to back up your entire system multiple times.
Specifications
Product number: STDR2000100
2TB capacity
Fast USB 3.0 connectivity
Also compatible with USB 2.0
Integrated backup software
Compatible with Windows XP or later; Mac OS X 10.4.9 or later
Weight: 5.6oz.
Dimensions: 4.5”x3.5”x1”
Condition: manufacturer refurbished
Six-month warranty from Lexy Pacific
In the box: Seagate Backup Plus hard drive, Seagate Dashboard software, 18” USB 3.0 cable, quick start guide
For questions pertaining to this deal, click the Ask a Question button below. For post-purchase inquiries, please contact Groupon customer support.
Goods sold by Groupon Goods. View the Groupon Goods FAQ to learn more.
A Charleston, South Carolina man is speaking out after receiving a $525 ticket following his soda refill at a Veterans Affairs (VA) hospital.
As reported by WCSC Live 5 News, construction worker Christopher Lewis was working on-site at the downtown Charleston VA Medical center and during lunch in the hospital cafeteria, he grabbed a refill of his drink without paying. Lewis failed to notice posted signs indicating that refills were not free. "As I was filling my cup up, I turned to walk off and a fella grabbed me by the arm and asked me, ‘Was I going to pay for that?' And I told him I wasn't aware that I had to pay for that," Lewis recalled. The construction worker said that he never saw the posted signs and admitted that he had refilled drinks in the past without paying.
Mr. Lewis then attempted to pay for the $0.89 refill, but he said that he was not allowed to. The officer, who is also the chief of the Federal Police Force that patrols the VA hospital, issued Lewis a ticket for shoplifting. "I never had an option to make right what I had done wrong," said Lewis. "Every time I look at the ticket, it's unbelievable to me, you know. I can't fathom the fact that I made an 89 cent mistake that cost me $525." A hospital spokesperson called his actions theft of government property.
It has been a busy presidency for Donald Trump, who, between absorbing huge doses of Fox News directly into his veins and taking numerous trips to his golf courses, somehow finds time to promote a tax bill that would disembowel the middle class and to attack prominent black people via tweets.
None of this makes me feel good. But there's one upside to his insistence on attacking outspoken black people: It has made me, as a black woman, feel more patriotic. It's not that I welcome his racist vitriol. But now, more than ever, we get a chance to articulate exactly what we stand for as citizens and the values that define our country.
Let's recap. President Trump recently attacked the running back Marshawn Lynch for standing for Mexico's national anthem but sitting for “The Star- Spangled Banner” before an N.F.L. game, to protest police brutality. The president attacked Representative Frederica Wilson of Florida after she accused him of insensitivity toward the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, who was killed in Niger.
He slammed the basketball player Steph Curry for refusing to visit the White House; called Representative John Lewis of Georgia “all talk” and “no action” (although Mr. Lewis is known for, in part, suffering a skull fracture at the hands of Alabama state troopers); and, during a September rally in Huntsville, Ala., ranted about football players' decision to kneel during the national anthem.
Why bother investing time and energy into things like drawing your own World maps, when you can use the advantages of web technology like JavaScript, CSS and in this case; jQuery. It's more time efficient, and it certainly is more effective.
Imagine having to manipulate the map yourself, every time there is the need to create a change to your project. It certainly used to be this way, at the very early stages of the web. But as the evolution happens, we're able to work with platforms like Google Maps, and custom built plugins to make it all easier.
I highly recommend taking a look at my earlier post about JavaScript tools for building charts and graphs, as I believe these two can go together really well, when it comes to displaying some data to your customers, or visitors.
With that in mind, there are going to be several categories you'll see in this post, and some of the plugins will be strictly for displaying Google Maps only, while others will give you more space to play with on your own.
ClassyMap's is a plugin that gives you the ability to embed Google Maps in your site using just HTML5 code. It's lightweight, and gives you the ability to specify plenty of your location data to have the most accurate data available at any given time.
This is the perfect plugin to use for a portfolio or a business page.
This is a plugin built to list and show nearby places around a certain position using Google Maps. I suppose that this is best to be used by websites that offer local listing, and business listings, as it makes it easy to manipulate the surrounding areas.
The snapshot was taken from the demo page, but the URL above is going to redirect you straight to GitHub.
Maplace.js helps you to embed Google Maps into your website, quickly create markers and controls menu for the locations on map. It requires jQuery and Google Maps API v3 so you need to have both in your page. This can be considering to be used on more advanced websites, as it gives you all of the features that the above two plugins do, but with a couple of more extras.
I love Mapael, and it's the perfect plugin to use on educational websites, research papers and much, much more. There is so much versatility and customization going on. You can assign colors to countries based on the data you're trying to manipulate, as well as make each country as an item itself, for displaying more information about it.
Great plugin, and there are plenty of samples to prove it.
I'm blown away by the functionality of this plugin, unfortunately, for each continent there is a separate page, so don't feel like only Europe is being included in the list. You can easily download all of the files for each appropriate country and/or continent, and modify to your own needs using PhotoShop.
Some of the stuff is not exactly free.
Kartograph is a simple and lightweight framework for building interactive map applications without Google Maps or any other mapping service. It was created with the needs of designers and data journalists in mind.
I think you will really enjoy the flexibility and stylish design features of this plugin. With the JavaScript version, you get to build and run interactive maps across all of the web browsers, while the Python version can be used to build SVG versions.
This is an API to be used for sophisticated projects and research, as it enables several functions that could become useful for those exact jobs. You can mark custom places, or you can generate heatmaps, whatever it is that you need to work with at any given time.
jQuery Maps Plugins You Might Also Like
It turns out that the variety for these plugins is nearly endless, and there are plenty more resources available for those who need something original and creative.
I will not be adding any more pictures or descriptions beyond this point, but take a look at the following links to see what else is out there, I know that a large proportion of the community depends on these tools.
JQVMap
jQuery RWD Image Maps
jQuery Map Marker Plugin
jQuery Geo
gMap
jVectorMap
MapIt
Mapbox
jMapping
jQuery GPS
quite a list, I know. I think most of the names give away for what each of those plugins can be used for. If there are any more to add, you're more than welcome to leave a comment.
Manipulating World Maps With jQuery
I didn't expect to stumble upon this many resources at once, but it seems that there are a lot of options and styles to choose from. I'm a Web 2.0 guy, so style is pretty important to me; but so is the functionality, which we can see plenty of in this roundup.
cover by phauxington
In previous discussions about gun propaganda, we've examined what we call The Chicago Gambit, which is cherry picking statistics to make the case that stricter gun laws cause a rise in crime, as well as its counterpart, which we call The D.C. Gambit — which is cherry picking data to argue that looser gun laws cause a drop in crime. We also took a closer look at one particular example of the latter, the peculiar gun ordinance in Kennesaw , GA. supposedly making gun ownership mandatory. As you probably realize, there are also many other examples of these two strategies; not only are they applied to many cities and states, but to the United States as a whole.
The statement I hear so often from gun fanatics goes something like this: “There are more guns being sold than ever, yet crime is decreasing. So obviously guns reduce crime.” Well, aside from the common sin of identifying correlation with causation, there are at least three major problems with this argument:
1. The Problem of the Long-Term Crime Trend
First of all, the crime decline they're referring to has been going on for a good 20 years.
But the surge in gun sales they tout apparently didn't begin until much more recently. There is no comprehensive data on gun sales, but it probably has a pretty decent representation in the record of background checks:
And this one of gun production:
What both charts indicate is that the numbers roughly doubled over a period of about 6 years beginning around 2005; but you'll notice that the major uptick coincides with the election of President Obama — whom the gun propagandists have painted as a bogeyman out to “take away your guns”. Even putting their best spin on it in an effort to establish the trend at an earlier point in time, they certainly can't establish that such a distinct and consistent trend began before the drop in crime started.
If you're looking for a more logical single specific cause for the crime decrease, you might try the Brady Bill, which became law just before the crime rate's nosedive. Again, we can't prove that this was a cause as opposed to a mere correlation, but at least such an assumption, unlike the assumption that the increase in gun sales was responsible, wouldn't require time-warping.
(There are at least three other probable factors that have made a difference. One is better policing. Another is the waning of the crack epidemic. And the third is something that few people of any ideological stripe want to acknowledge: the legalization of abortion a generation earlier, with the consequence that fewer potential criminals were born to begin with.)
2. The problem of a possible increase in shootings
You hear a great deal about how gun deaths have declined in recent years, but little about the number of non-fatal shootings. One reason is that we simply don't know for certain how many such incidents occur — nobody really keeps a comprehensive score. Some reports claim the total number of shootings has increased, while others claim it has declined, though not by as much as gun fatalities. Others maintain that it has held steady , although the severity of the injuries has intensified. We do know that at least mass shootings are on the rise — and contrary to gun culture claims, armed civilians are almost never able to stop them. (I know, I know. Things will go down very differently when you and your guns get a crack at it, by god.)
In short, there is the strong possibility that even though fewer people are dying from gunshot wounds, more people are getting shot. And the apparent explanation is that emergency response to trauma has improved — not that guns are making us safer or that gun owners are less inclined to open fire. It's pretty hard to make the case that the abundance of guns is the cause of the crime drop if more people are winding up with bullets in them.
3. The problem of gun ownership trends
Furthermore, gunsters focus on the boom in gun sales, but seldom mention the apparent fizzle in gun ownership — i.e., it appears that more and more guns are ending up in the hands of fewer and fewer people, as reflected in research by Pew Research Center and the General Social Survey:
If this is indeed the case, then how in the holy hell could more guns have resulted in less crime? How many weapons can one person wield at once, anyway? On the other hand, it's certainly conceivable that there would have been even less crime had there not been more guns. For one thing, the more guns there are in circulation, the greater the likelihood that some of them will end up (by theft if nothing else) in the wrong hands.
On those few occasions when Second Amendmenters do mention this trend, it's most likely to deny it exists. My old friends, God bless them every one, over at my favorite gun propaganda site, The Truth About Guns, have made several attempts at denouncing this “myth”, though they still haven't offered anything to debunk it. The most compelling piece of evidence they can provide is the boom in demand for firearms training. But that's very far from conclusive. Just because there are more people who want to shoot effectively doesn't mean there are more people who have something to shoot.
Another trick the folks at TTAG tried was presenting a chart of background checks, like the one reproduced above, as evidence of increased gun ownership. But while background checks might be a pretty good indicator of firearm purchases, they don't necessarily reflect the number of purchasers.
In one post, TTAG zeroes in on Gallup's tracking, which seems to be a bit of an outlier, and the writer brandishes three selective years to give the impression that Gallup shows gun ownership to be on the rise. But in fact if you look at the big picture — i.e., a graph of Gallup's numbers since it began surveying the issue in 1960 — you get a rather different impression:
This appears to be a slightly downward trend as well, though not as steep or consistent as GSS. Indeed, the zigzagging of Gallup's numbers suggests that, for whatever reason, its polling on this particular matter is less than perfectly reliable. Nonetheless, its figures have been combined with those of GSS into a cohesive graph that indicates an unmistakable downward shift:
Yet another tactic is to dismiss the GSS estimates as inaccurate because they are produced by surveys, which can't be trusted. These, mind you, are the same folks who latch onto the outrageous figure of 2.5 million annual DGUs, produced by another survey, as absolute gospel. Evidently they want you to believe that in both cases, the respondents understate their cause — and thus, instead of an already preposterous 2.5 million DGUs per year, there are actually 5 or 6 million.
Indeed, the head Gun Guru himself over at TTAG posits this supposed under-reporting in terms that, be warned, may make you fall out of your chair and roll in the floor:
In fact, Americans don't like to tell strangers about their guns. Not just the ones who consider government the greatest threat to individual liberty (i.e. those afraid of firearms confiscation). Gun owners who understand that discretion is the better part of valor.
Gunsters don't like to tell strangers about their precious guns? So they never attend rallies to proclaim they have a (so-called) constitutional right to be armed? They never sport their pieces in restaurants or other public places? They never attend gun shows? They don't maliciously campaign against and harass and threaten “anti-gunners” (many of whom own guns themselves) who express concern about school kids being gunned down and want to take measures to prevent it that don't involve flooding the streets with even more guns? They don't have websites devoted to promoting their fetish?
These are individuals who presumably have already gone through the process of background checks, which apprise the Big Bad Guvmint not only of their gun ownership, but of their identities and other personal data. And yet they don't want to acknowledge their passion anonymously to pollsters who might help promote their cause?
It's probably true that there are some false negatives in surveys of firearm ownership. It's probably true that there are false positives as well. And that there are some respondents who reply “It's none of your damn business.” But surely that's always been the case. And thus, the surveys should not be any more inaccurate now than they've ever been.
Unless gun owners have become a lot more paranoid because of the gun-grabbin' librul socialist fascist Muslim atheist terrorist anti-Amurrcan Kenyan in the formerly White House. Well, there's not much denying that the right-wing gun culture has ratcheted up its hysteria since Obama has become president, and that this has resulted in a healthy increase in profits for gun manufacturers. But does this mean that more people are buying into the hype? Or, to put it bluntly, just because the right-wing loony fringe has devolved into deeper lunacy, does this mean that more sane people have been inspired to join the right-wing loony fringe?
Again, such a conclusion is at odds with the long-term trend. Look again at those charts showing the decline in gun ownership. It began long before Barack Obama became the wingers' demon du jour. It went on during the terms of Ronald Reagan and both Bushes, who were — notwithstanding the elder Bush's renunciation of his NRA membership — much cozier with the gun culture.
Note that the figures presented are percentages; and given the population expansion, it's possible that a decreased percentage could represent an increased tally; but in such statistics and trends, it's usually percentages that we're concerned with. The GSS estimates may or may not be the most accurate indicators of the actual percentages of gun ownership. They may be off by plus or minus 3 points. Or 10. Or 15. But the fact that they show a consistent long-term decline is still an indication that they probably are at least a reasonable barometer of the change.
And one other thing about the graph of that trend. I hate to spoil the party at the gun-lovers' orgy, but it correlates rather nicely with another graph we presented above. The one showing a steady drop in crime.
(Still more to come on this topic. Alas.)
Java Trap, 2010 Edition
Published October 12th, 2010
As a member of the Apache Software Foundation, my views on open source tend to gravitate towards more liberal licenses, like the Apache License (v2.0), BSD, or MIT licenses. I strongly believe in enabling companies to take open source software and do whatever they wish to do with it, placing as little restrictions as feasible under current laws. I believe that better communities for software development are enabled by these liberal licensing situations. Rather than creating a single power with significantly more rights, as seen in the “open core” movement, liberal open source development encourages real, dedicated and sustainable contributions, made by companies with business models other than selling support and ‘enterprise features'.
I have to be honest — I am not a huge fan of Java the language — I would rather write code in Python, Javascript, C, C++, or heck maybe even PHP, but I find myself surrounded by Java everywhere. Java and the JVM today are core to many components we are using to build Cloudkick, and there are no viable alternatives.
Today IBM announced they are shifting their focus, and will be developing on top of the OpenJDK. This comes in addition to the Oracle lawsuit against Google over Android. Oracle is good at big company politics, and at extracting value — I'm sure they will extract every penny out of Sun's husk.
While Sun, now Oracle, has licensed the OpenJDK itself under the GPL, the licensing of the TCK has been a problem for more than 5 years. Other blog posts go into far more detail about this 1 2 3, and I encourage you to understand all the details about the story of the TCK, Apache, and Sun — but it isn't what I want to focus on.
I consider myself an open source advocate, though in a far different manner than someone like Richard Stallman, creator of the GNU Project. Richard's views and my own don't often align around many topics, but the increasing turmoil in the Java world has changed some beliefs I have about software platforms and licensing.
More than 6 years ago, ”Free but Shackled - The Java Trap” was published by Richard. While I don't agree with the moral arguments about the freedom of software, I now believe that the Java platform is a trap.
Richard speaks about the Free World, and many other GNU priorities in this excerpt, but I believe the core point is the most important. If your code depends on a platform, you are at the mercy of that platforms licensing and development:
This problem can occur in any kind of software, in any language. For instance, a free program that only runs on Microsoft Windows is clearly useless in the Free World. But software that runs on GNU/Linux can also be useless if it depends on other nonfree software. In the past, Motif (before we had LessTif) and Qt (before its developers made it free software) were major causes of this problem. Most 3D video cards work fully only with nonfree drivers, which also cause this problem. But the major source of this problem today is Java, because people who write free software often feel Java is sexy. Blinded by their attraction to the language, they overlook the issue of dependencies and fall into the Java Trap.
When you build software in Java and the JVM, you are being locked into only running it on a platform controlled by a single company — Oracle. Oracle is working to maintain this platform control by refusing to remove the field of use clauses in the TCK, effectively preventing Apache Harmony from ever being able to ship a real release. The lawsuit against Google also confirms the fear of Oracle using their control of the platform aggressively.
The problem is not so much about Oracle controlling their code. As I said above, I believe in the rights of a company to do as these choose — but at the same time, if they choose to be bad stewards of this, I will choose not to use their platform. Most importantly in the Java world, is that stranglehold being placed upon 3rd party implementations. Oracle could close source the OpenJDK for all I care, but what offends me most is their desire to squash alternatives implementations.
Consider some alternatives to Java, which all have multiple implementations now:
Python: CPython, but also has PyPy, IronPython, and Jython.
Ruby: MRI, but also JRuby, MacRuby,
Javascript: v8 (node.js), Spidermonkey, whatever-safari-is-calling-their-JS-engine-now.
C/C++: Clang and GCC
C#: CLI and Mono
These multiple implementations of the languages are creating innovation on their respective platforms. They are all for the most part driven by diverse communities, mostly under liberal licenses. Communities built around common goals and beliefs, rather than arcane licensing policies trying to protect a company's mobile market. In Java you will only be given one choice, the choice that Larry and Oracle give you. Any attempts to build an alternative implementation will be made exceedingly difficult.
When I am picking a platform to build upon, I want to know it will be around regardless of the whims of a single company. I want to know there is a diverse community behind it. I want people to be experimenting with new ways to build a VM to make the platform even better.
This is why I must ask, how can anyone pick Java and the JVM on which to build their company's future? I know Oracle and IBM — they will pump millions into the continued development of the platform, but it's not a platform I want to be using. Big companies throwing around development like this don't create the values I find essential in picking a platform. Oracle is going to control the future of Java. I don't know what will happen to the Java Community Process, but I lack any faith in it continuing.
Take a hard look at your development, why are you using Java? Are you building upon a platform where open experimentation is encouraged, and not feared? It is impossible for a business to pivot and abandon Java in a day, but after the events of the last few months, I will seek to use alternatives wherever possible.
Is your platform free, or is it a trap?
Unjustly overshadowed in the west by Akira Kurosawa and Yasujiro Ozu, alongside whom he is seen as representing Japanese cinema's golden age, it is Kenji Mizoguchi whose work arguably embodies some of the purest expressions of cinematic artistry cultivated within the domestic industry in its first half century.
While Ozu steadfastly kept his camera still and his images flat for his low-key portraits of contemporary family life in the postwar period, Mizoguchi's seldom ever rested, with some of the most delicately choreographed tracking shots and striking examples of deep-focus staging seen the world over. If Kurosawa's meticulously realised portrayals of samurai heroics were fashioned in the stylistic vein of Hollywood, Mizoguchi's portraits of a bygone age were all of his own. And if Ozu or Kurosawa could be accused of skirting around the political aspects of their chosen subject matter, Mizoguchi was unashamedly unapologetic about his chosen concern: the unfair lot of Japanese women through the ages.
Throughout a career lasting just over three decades, Mizoguchi directed almost 90 films, making his debut in 1923 (four years before Ozu and some 20 before Kurosawa) with The Resurrection of Love. His Passion of a Woman Teacher (1926) was among the first Japanese titles to play in the west, and Hometown (1930) was one of the country's earliest experiments in sound technology. Unfortunately most of the titles realised in this first decade, which make up over half his overall output, no longer survive.
Though appointed chairman of the Directors Guild of Japan in 1937, Mizoguchi's refined aesthetic sensibilities only really reached western consciousness late in his life, when he received his first international award in 1952 for The Life of Oharu. Just four years later, his career was brought to a tragic end by his death of cancer, aged 58.
Here's a sample of 10 representative works, ranging from the undisputed masterpieces to the critically undervalued or neglected, which exemplify the development in Mizoguchi's style and subject matter throughout this distinguished career.
The Water Magician (1933)
This haunting silent (one of his earliest extant works), based on a story by the Japanese gothic novelist Kyoka Izumi (1873-1939), was the second Mizoguchi shot for Irie Pro, the first independent production company in Japan established by an actress (his 1932 film for Irie Pro, Dawn of Manchuria and Mongolia, is now lost).
Its producer-star, Takako Irie, plays ‘Taki of the White Threads', a beautiful travelling circus performer whose spectacular displays using water fountains have made her name legendary. Her romantic attachment with a penniless rickshaw driver whom she agrees to put through college in Tokyo leads to her ruination when, as another long winter approaches (always a bleak time for itinerant performers) and money grows scarce, she is cornered into committing a heinous crime.
Osaka Elegy (1936)
The jaunty jazz soundtrack and accompanying opening shots of Osaka's flashing neon hoardings and twinkling cityscapes set the scene for this extraordinarily modernist take on Mizoguchi's characteristic theme of female self-sacrifice. The script, long-term collaborator Yoshikata Yoda's first for the director, revolves around the switchboard operator of a pharmaceutical company who is reluctantly coaxed into an affair with her married boss in order to pay off her father's debts and finance her ungrateful older brother's education.
The story plays out against the backdrop of cafés, department stores, subway stations and other modern urban spaces that seem a world apart from the images of Japan most in the west would be familiar with from the prewar period. It also proved a little too ahead of its own time; its cosmopolitan vision of Osaka and progressive take on the social pressures faced by independent modern Japanese women made it a controversial title in the increasingly culturally conservative climate of the era, and distribution was temporarily suspended by Japan's Ministry of Affairs. Even more remarkable to modern-day viewers is Minoru Miki's amazing deep-focus cinematography, anticipating some of Gregg Toland's work on Citizen Kane (1941).
Sisters of the Gion (1936)
The behind-the-scenes dynamics of the geisha house and its less salubrious poor relation the bawdy house was a theme to which Mizoguchi would return throughout his career in films such as A Woman of Rumour (1954) and Street of Shame (1956). The Gion entertainment district in Kyoto represents the former institution at its most decorous and socially palatable, and is the setting for this depiction of the clash between old traditions and modern-day mores, embodied respectively by two geisha sisters.
Umekichi believes in sticking with her patron through thick and thin, mindful of her need for security as she passes her first flush of youth, while her defiantly independent younger sibling Omocha takes a more hard-nosed attitude to financial relationships with the men who employ her services. Both soon find their prospects ultimately confined by their profession in this standout work from the director's prewar output, again scripted by Yoda from an original story by Mizoguchi.
Women of the Night (1948)
Mizoguchi was able to remain active as a filmmaker during the wartime years, although largely confined to the relatively safe domain of historical dramas, such as his patriotic two-part version of The Loyal 47 Ronin of the Genroku Era (1941-42) and an account of the life of the legendary Edo-period swordsman Musashi Miyamoto (1944), during a time when contemporary social criticism was understandably difficult to slip past state censors.
Shot largely on location amid the rubble and devastation of occupation-era Osaka, this return to contemporary subject matter presents a city very much changed from its more vibrant portrayal in Osaka Elegy little over a decade previously, and the problems of its characters – a group of women forced into prostitution by the hardship of the postwar period – are a world apart from those of Sisters of Gion. It is an interesting transitional piece in Mizoguchi's career, notable for its gritty neorealist approach and a powerful performance by Kinuyo Tanaka, the actress who, following on from her first central turn for him in another film set in the city, the now lost A Woman of Osaka (1940), would become closely associated with the director both on screen and off.
Miss Oyu (1951)
Mizoguchi's first film for Daiei, the studio most active in pushing Japanese cinema towards overseas audiences during the 1950s, Miss Oyu features Kinuyo Tanaka as the eponymous widow who falls for the man introduced as a prospective partner for her younger sister Shizu as part of an omiai formal marriage arrangement. Seeing Oyu's affections reciprocated by her would-be husband, Shizu hatches a plan to go ahead with the sham marriage in keeping with propriety, but for it to act as a façade for an otherwise socially impossible affair.
Based on Junichiro Tanizaki's 1932 novel The Reed Cutter, this delicate portrait of a clandestine ménage à trois that comes unravelled at the seams marked Mizoguchi's first collaboration with the cinematographer Kazuo Miyagawa, whose elegant long takes would come to define the director's later work.
The Life of Oharu (1952)
Mizoguchi first achieved real recognition outside of Japan with this adaptation of Saikaku Ihara's 17th-century novel The Woman Who Loved Love when it won the international prize at the Venice International Film Festival. Actually it had been nominated for the festival's top prize of the Golden Lion and reputedly the director – critically esteemed and with a firmly established track record on his home turf – was rather put out that the young upstart Kurosawa had pipped him at the post with his surprise win of this more prestigious award for Rashomon the previous year.
The film provided Tanaka (then aged 42) with one of her best-remembered roles, as the titular daughter of an imperial court samurai. She plays a variety of ages across the decades as the narrative charts her character's relentless downwards plummet through the social strata into prostitution and beggary after her forbidden love for a lowly page (Toshiro Mifune) is discovered and she is banished from Kyoto.
A powerful, if not somewhat gruelling depiction of a woman at the mercy of the patriarchalism historically engrained within Japanese society, the film has been criticised in some quarters as aestheticising its protagonist's suffering. Nevertheless, on this aesthetic level alone it counts among Mizoguchi's most distinguished works, with the fluid tracking shots that make up its fabric providing some of the most sublime examples of the director's signature one-scene one-take style.
Ugetsu Monogatari (1953)
Adapted from a story by Ueda Akinari (1734-1809), this poetic karmic morality tale set during the late-16th-century period of civil war follows the separate fates of two brothers who make their livings as potters and their respective downfalls through lust, arrogance, murder and greed – with the usual Mizoguchi message that it is the women in their lives who ultimately suffer for their husbands' vanities.
The supernatural aspect, introduced as one of the siblings, Genjuro, is lured from his wife and child by the ethereal beauty of the mysterious Lady Wakasa, have seen some perplexingly checklist the film as an early marker in the evolution of Japanese horror. Nevertheless, this is a film of discreet chills, subtle emotions and a strong spiritual dimension, with the dreamlike sequence detailing Genjuro's arrival at the noblewoman's manor and subsequent seduction surely counting as one of the most beautiful in world cinema.
Sansho Dayu (1954)
This is a truly heart-wrenching adaptation of Ogai Mori's 1915 short story about an 11th-century noble family dispersed after their father, a local governor, is banished for disobeying his feudal lord, with the young brother and sister separated from their mother (Tanaka Kinuyo) and sold into slavery by a brutal bailiff.
Sansho Dayu arguably represents the apogee of Mizoguchi's method, unfolding with a clarity of vision in which form and content are perfectly matched and the whole far transcends the sum of its parts. In this, and so many of the director's films from this era, the contributions of cinematographer Kazuo Miyagawa really cannot be underestimated. Even more exquisite and emotionally poignant than their collaboration on Ugetsu Monogatari, the film gave Mizoguchi his second Silver Lion at Venice (although somewhat ignominiously for Mizoguchi, the prize was shared with Kurosawa's Seven Samurai.)
Princess Yang Kwei-fei (1955)
Few would describe the first of Mizoguchi's two colour features (alongside the same year's historical epic Tales of the Taira Clan) as among his more distinguished works. It is a curiosity nonetheless, one of the first in a series of Japanese coproductions with Hong Kong's Shaw Brothers instigated by Daiei's president Masaichi Nagata in an attempt to foster a cinematic entente cordiale between Japan and its south-east Asian neighbours just a decade after the war, while simultaneously pandering to a brief vogue in chinoiserie in Japan.
Despite the oriental trappings however, this sumptuous tale set in eighth-century T'ang dynasty China follows a typical Mizoguchi trajectory, with Machiko Kyo starring as the innocent young concubine to the recently widowed Emperor Xuan Zong, who falls prey to the scheming of his court officials and the political turmoil of the time. Dramatically it may be a little stiff, it is true, but the ornate costumes and sets, embellished by veteran cameraman Kohei Sugiyama's sumptuous cinematography, ensure it is never less than beautiful to behold.
Street of Shame (1956)
Mizoguchi returned to the lives of sex workers for his final work, somewhat fittingly released in the same year that Japan's anti-prostitution law came into effect, and one of a short-lived cycle of so-called akasen (‘red light') films depicting the sun setting on this twilight demi-monde.
Stylistically pared down in comparison with the more lyrical, metaphysical period dramas for which he is best remembered from his final decade, the film paints an unvarnished yet sensitive portrait of the five women drawn by their circumstances to the Dreamland brothel and their fears for the future following its enforced closure. Mizoguchi tragically passed away three months after its release, and with it, an entire era of classical Japanese cinema came to an end.
The TV-app arms race is showing no signs of slowing down as a slew of new apps land on Amazon's Fire TV streamers.
The latest additions include NBC, NBC Sports Live Extra, Watch Food Network, Watch HGTV, Watch Travel Channel, and Fox Now. With these apps, users can sign in through a pay-TV provider, and watch network TV shows on demand. NPR One and GoPro round out the list of new additions.
On the gaming front, Amazon points to recent arrivals such as Shovel Knight, OlliOlli 2, and Minecraft: Story Mode, though these have all been available on Fire TV for several months now. In fact, Shovel Knight is a pack-in with the Fire TV's gaming bundle, which launched in September and also includes a 32GB microSD card and Ducktales Remastered for $140 (currently on sale for $115).
All told, Amazon now has more than 4000 apps and games for Fire TV, which the company says is the largest selection of any streaming-video box. Games are likely a major reason for that claim, as Amazon has pursued the gaming angle more doggedly than its competitors. (It's also worth noting that the new Apple TV's App Store is less than two months old, and therefore hasn't had much chance to catch up yet.)
The latest apps are available now for both the Fire TV set-top box ($99) and Fire TV Stick ($40, or $50 with a voice remote).
Why this matters: Regardless of who has the most apps, Fire TV has come a long way since Amazon launched its first set-top box and streaming stick in 2014. The platform no longer has any glaring holes in its app selection, and with the recent arrival of premium channel subscriptions within Amazon Prime, buyers should have plenty of content to choose from.
If you have a bunch of packages you may want to compile or recompile, then you need an order of compilation that meets the dependencies. Given a number of cabal package files, this program reads all those files and emits them topologically sorted according to their dependencies. This way you can compile many packages at once, say if a very low-level package has changed.
For compiling a couple of packages from their local darcs repositories in the right order, you may run something like
for dir in `find . -name "*.cabal" | fgrep -v _darcs | xargs cabal-sort --info=dir`; do (cd $dir && cabal install); done
For uploading a set of packages to Hackage in the right order you may run
for dir in `find . -name "*.cabal" | fgrep -v _darcs | xargs cabal-sort --info=dir`; do (cd $dir && rm dist/*.tar.gz && cabal sdist && cabal upload dist/*.tar.gz); done
Problem 1: Given packages A, B, C, where C depends on B and B depends on A, and you call
cabal-sort C.cabal A.cabal
then the emitted order of packages may be wrong, because cabal-sort does not get to know the dependency of C on B. Even if the order is correct, B.cabal is missing in the output and thus the list of cabal files cannot immediately be used for a sequence of cabal-install runs.
Problem 2: We ignore flags and merge all dependencies. This may lead to dependency cycles that cannot occur for any flag assignment.
There is a second program called ghc-pkg-dep that finds recursively all packages that a set of packages depends on. Duplicates are eliminated and the packages are given topologically sorted, such that you can use this for recompilation of the packages.
ghc-pkg-dep pkgA-0.1 pkgB-2.3 pkgC-0.1.2
The unmanned Cygnus cargo ship Deke Slayton II departs the International Space Station at the end of its resupply mission. The robotic spacecraft will be commanded to intentionally burn up in the Earth's atmosphere for disposal.
Cygnus is ready to take the plunge: This morning (Feb. 19), at 7:26 a.m. EST (1226 GMT), the International Space Station's robotic arm released the latest Orbital ATK cargo ship into open space so the unmanned spacecraft can end its resupply mission with a death dive into Earth's atmosphere.
Once it is safely away from the station, the commercial Cygnus spacecraft will fire its engines twice to re-enter Earth's atmosphere and burn up over the Pacific Ocean.
The supply craft, named the S.S. Deke Slayton II, arrived at the space station in December, carrying more than 7,700 lbs. (3,500 kilograms) of cargo — the most ever carried in a Cygnus craft. It featured an expanded design that allowed it to carry about 25 percent more cargo than previously, and it was blasted upward by United Launch Alliance's Atlas V rocket. (This was the first Cygnus launch since the explosion of Orbital ATK's Antares rocket in October 2014.)
When it launched to the station, the supply craft carried several experiments, including a locker-size life sciences research module, an experiment for testing flame-resistant and flame-retardant textiles in microgravity, and two modular sets of microsatellites. Plus, the craft carried replacement parts for the space station and consumable supplies. (And it brought a student-made experiment aboard, featuring a medallion blessed by the Pope.)
The space station crew has spent the past few days filling the Cygnus spacecraft with trash before its departure, while also performing their normal experimental work in the orbiting lab.
The space station crewmembers are also preparing for another spacecraft departure: U.S. astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonauts Mikhail Kornienko and Sergey Volkov will leave in a Soyuz spacecraft March 1. At that time, Kelly and Kornienko will have just finished their nearly yearlong stay on the station. U.S. astronaut Tim Kopra, British astronaut Tim Peake and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko will remain on board, and will be joined March 19 by U.S. astronaut Jeff Williams and Russian cosmonauts Oleg Skripochka and Alexey Ovchinin.
Email Sarah Lewin at slewin@space.com or follow her @SarahExplains. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
It doesn't get a lot of attention from media analysts during discussions about breaking news events like the recent shootings in Connecticut, but one of the first places I go whenever that kind of incident occurs is Wikipedia — and I'm usually amazed at how quickly and thoroughly a page about the event is created, updated and edited by unseen and often anonymous editors. Now a social-sciences researcher who specializes in studying Wikipedia as an information source has analyzed this phenomenon, with specific attention to mass shootings like the one at Sandy Hook, and given us a fascinating look inside one of the few crowdsourced online news efforts that occurs at that kind of scale.
Brian Keegan is a post-doctoral research fellow in computational social science at Northeastern University, and his research examines how social media like Twitter and Wikipedia can be used to improve predictive models relating to things like electoral success. For his PhD in media and technology, he looked at Wikipedia's coverage of breaking news events like natural disasters, technological catastrophes, and political upheaval — and in a recent blog post, he combined a look at the Wikipedia article about Sandy Hook with some of his previous research into other similar incidents like the shootings in Aurora earlier this year.
Advertisement
In his post, which was also published at the Nieman Journalism Lab, Keegan describes how he analyzed Wikipedia's coverage of seven events — including the recent shootings, the attack in Colorado, the mass killings in Norway in 2011, and the shootings at Virginia Tech in 2007. In almost every case, pages about these events were created within one or two hours of the incidents, and involved thousands of edits in the first day or two.
Some articles are edited hundreds of times an hour
What I found most interesting about Keegan's research — apart from the fascinating graphs of Wikipedia activity, one of which is embedded below — is how the number of people who are contributing to or editing such an article evolves over time. In the early hours following the event, Keegan's analysis shows that there are dozens or even hundreds of people contributing, but after about four hours the numbers begin to dwindle, and a smaller group takes over. As Keegan describes it:
“[T]he edits over the first few hours are evenly distributed: editors make a single contribution and others immediately jump in to also make single contributions as well. However, around hour 3 or 4, one or more dedicated editors show up and begin to take a vested interest in the article, which is manifest in the rapid centralization of the article. This centralization increases slightly over time across all articles suggesting these dedicated editors continue to edit after other editors move on.”
There isn't a lot of hard data about what happens when large-scale crowdsourced journalism occurs around a breaking news event. Those involved in projects like The Guardian‘s massive MPs Expenses campaign from 2009 — in which more than 20,000 volunteers combed through more than 200,000 documents related to the expenses of British politicians — have written about the lessons learned, as have those involved in similar projects like ProPublica's excellent “Free The Files” experiment during the recent federal election. From those kinds of projects, we have learned that making user contributions easy — lowering the barrier to participation — is important, as is adding an element of gamification or incentives.
But hard data about specific contributions and when they occurred isn't all that common. Keegan describes one incredible statistic from his study:
“The Virginia Tech article was still being edited several times every minute even 36 hours after the event while other articles were seeing updates every five minutes more than a day after the event. This means that even at 3 am, all these articles are still being updated every few minutes by someone somewhere.”
A swarm of contributors, followed by a core of editors
The picture that emerges from Keegan's research (his PhD dissertation is here) is of a large swarm of volunteer editors and contributors who descend on Wikipedia en masse during the first few hours after a news event, adding tiny details or editing out certain facts, fixing grammar, etc. And many of the contributors to the more recent incidents like Sandy Hook had never contributed to any of the other articles about similar shootings or mass killings. Within a matter of hours, however, a core group of editors shows up who have been involved in some or all of the previous breaking news articles — one in particular has edited every single mass shooting article within 48 hours of it being created.
In at least some cases, these editors appear to be part of Wikipedia's semi-professional “cabal” of internal editors, but whatever their status it seems clear that they are individuals who have taken it upon themselves to oversee the “reporting” of that kind of event. In a very real sense, they are the equivalent of the grizzled desk editor or night editor who looks over the copy submitted by the young cub reporter — except of course that they are largely anonymous and unpaid, and so are the cub reporters they are overseeing.
Does the way that Wikipedia operates contain a solution to the chaos that emerges in social media following an event like the Sandy Hook shootings — which I've argued is the way that news works now? In a sense, it is a large-scale version of the real-time crowdsourced verification that Andy Carvin of NPR does, which has come under fire recently. But if nothing else, it should give some of those in the traditional media ideas: Could they turn a breaking news page into the equivalent of a Wikipedia article, and if not, why not?
Post and thumbnail images courtesy of Wikimedia Commons and Brian Keegan
Federal prosecutors claimed in a new document Wednesday that New Jersey Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez began accepting bribes from a wealthy donor just before he went to the Senate in 2006, Politico reported.
The case against Menendez relating to bribery and corruption charges focused on Dr. Salomon Melgen, his alleged co-conspirator, is scheduled to start this week. Although Melgen was previously convicted in another case for defrauding Medicare, he has yet to be sentenced.
The newly filed documents by the feds show the government's case against the New Jersey Democrat.
“The defendants' bribery scheme began shortly after Menendez's elevation to the Senate in 2006, when Melgen began a pattern of treating Menendez to weekend and weeklong getaways in the Dominican Republic that would continue for the next several years,” prosecutors said in their latest filing. “For the first four years of the corruption scheme, the all-expense paid trips Melgen provided often included free roundtrip flights on Melgen's private jet for Menendez and his various guests. When the doctor's private jet was unavailable, Melgen supplied equally luxurious travel for the Senator.”
Prosecutors claim that Melgen purchased a one way ticket on a private jet for Menendez and several other passengers from the Dominican Republican to Florida that cost $20,000. When reports surfaced about the trips, Menendez repaid Melgen $58,000 for the price of the trips.
The New Jersey Democrat also demanded Melgen cover an expensive hotel room in Paris in 2010 that went for over $1500 per night.
“On March 24, 2010, the Senator sent his patron an email informing him that he wanted either a Park Suite King or Park Deluxe King room at the Park Hyatt Hotel in Paris, France, for a three-night stay in April,” the document states. “In his email, Menendez specified that the rooms featured a ‘king bed, work area with internet, limestone bath with soaking tub and enclosed rain shower, views of courtyard or streets,' and he instructed Melgen: ‘You call American Express Rewards and they will book it for you. It would need to be in my name.'”
The government argued in the document that in return for Melgen's gifts, Menendez used the power of his office to help his benefactor.
“Although Menendez did not pay Melgen back for the lavish gifts in money, he did pay him back using the currency of his Senate office to take official action to benefit the South Florida doctor,” prosecutors wrote. “Email exchanges between the defendants, their agents, and officials from Executive Branch agencies will show Menendez's considerable efforts to pressure the Executive Branch on Melgen's behalf. And testimony from the agency officials over whom he exerted that pressure will illuminate the relentlessness of those efforts.”
Follow Kerry on Twitter
Britain famously has no written constitution, opting instead to govern itself with reference to a set of conventions, laws, and traditions without formal codification. Vittorio Trevitt argues that this system has past its sell-by date, and should be replaced by a written constitution.
The United Kingdom has a long tradition of constitutional reform, as demonstrated by the likes of the Magna Carta (which afforded rights to certain citizens, and set the standard for common law) and the Bill of Rights of 1686 (which strengthened parliamentary powers and the rights of the monarch's subjects). Nevertheless, Britain has the arguably unenviable distinction amongst democratic societies of being one of the few without a written constitution; a single, easily accessible document through which all members of society are able to determine what rights and freedoms they are entitled to by law. It is regrettable that our democratic system is marked by the absence of such an important document, as the British people have much to gain from the establishment of a written British constitution.
Various observers have questioned the need for Britain to have a written constitution, with one line of argument holding that such a charter would undermine parliamentary sovereignty by placing parliamentary decision-making at the mercy of unelected judges policing the constitution, and another that Britain's “unwritten constitution” has served this country well up until now, thereby negating the necessity of challenging the status quo. Despite these arguments, there are numerous benefits that a written constitution could bring to British society. It would be advantageous to ordinary Britons by serving as a comprehensive source from which they can learn how the State is meant to function on their behalf and provide their rights with a degree of security, including such essential elements of liberal democratic societies as the right to a fair trial, freedom of speech, and protection against discrimination in all shapes and forms.
A written constitution could also have the positive effect of enhancing democratic institutions and encourage participation in the political process. It could do this by bolstering the independence of local government through the provision of a constitutionally defined sphere of fiscal and policy autonomy, in turn increasing the influence of ordinary people on issues affecting their everyday lives. In drafting a written constitution, citizens can also be given a consultative role in shaping the key principles of a charter affecting virtually all aspects of their lives, making people currently apathetic about politics feel that they have a degree of control over the future direction of the United Kingdom, and increase their faith in the political system.
In order for a written British Constitution to be legitimate in the eyes of the nation as a whole, however, it would need to do more than protect civil liberties, promote democratic participation, and provide safeguards against discrimination. It would need to have a strong social element, guaranteeing a broad range of rights aimed at ensuring that all British citizens have an adequate quality of life. For those at work, these could include minimum rights such as maximum working hours, trade union representation, and an adequate minimum wage. For families and dependents, such rights could encompass universal entitlement to social security and health care, together with access to all forms of education, placing statutory duties on governments to ensure that no one is denied a decent education because of individual costs, and that everyone receives the necessary medical treatment and welfare support. Although most of these entitlements already exist in practice, and have been enshrined in law over the years in countless Acts of Parliament, constitutional guarantees of such basic rights could shield them from emasculation or even abolition on the part of governments of any ideological persuasion. In this sense, a written constitution would serve as a sanctified charter through which members of the public can uphold their rights as British citizens; rights that the State not only has a moral obligation to protect, but to put into practice as well.
Across the world, constitutions have acted as bulwarks against attempts to reduce social protections and public services, while also upholding worker's rights, showing the kind of safeguards a written constitution could provide for the British people. In the United States, the signature health care reform of the Obama Administration was upheld by the Supreme Court on constitutional grounds back in 2012, while more recently a judge in New Jersey ruled that a cut made to the state's payment to New Jersey's public sector pension system by governor Chris Christie was unconstitutional, and had “substantially impaired” the contractual rights of workers in that state.
In Greece, a planned privatisation of the country's largest water utility a year ago was blocked by a top Greek court on constitutional grounds, arguing that the proposed sale could have negative consequences for public health. In Canada, a recent ruling by the Supreme Court declared the right of workers to strike to be “fundamental and protected by the Constitution” after striking down a provincial law that prevented public sector workers from going on strike. This was a decision seen by various analysts as constituting a revolution in Canadian labour law, and one that was applauded by labour groups.
Across the European Union, constitutional courts in various member states have mitigated the social impact of various austerity programmes in recent years. In Portugal, the Constitutional Court has blocked a number of proposed cuts to wages and pensions, while in Lithuania and Latvia, the constitutional courts of those countries revoked previous reductions in pension payments. Here in the United Kingdom, the concept of a written constitution as a defender of social and economic freedoms was evoked by numerous political figures during last year's Scottish independence referendum, with Alex Salmond backing the inclusion of a free NHS in a Scottish constitution as a means of shielding the service from policies of austerity and privatisation.
Having strong social guarantees in a written constitution does not mean, however, that provisions such as a living wage and access to all levels of education are guaranteed for all citizens; the political will to put such bold ideals into practice must also be present. Although South Africa, for example, has one of the world's most progressive constitutions, with rights to water, housing, and sufficient food, the country is far from ensuring that these are enjoyed by all of its people. However, by having clearly defined social and economic rights that all Britons are entitled to from birth, this sets high standards for governments to meet in working towards the goal of building a more just and prosperous society for all. The requirements of the 2010 Child Poverty Act, for instance, could be extended by making it a constitutional obligation for governments of all political stripes to eliminate the scourge of childhood poverty, providing anti-poverty campaigners with a strong legal basis to hold governments to account in meeting this ambitious goal.
There is, therefore, a solid case for the introduction of a written constitution for the United Kingdom. Not only would its realisation bring material and civil benefits to ordinary people, but it would also do much to enrich British democracy. By closing this democratic deficit, the establishment of a written British constitution would not only bring the United Kingdom more in line with other democratic nations, but by laying down a series of social and economic obligations for governments to adhere to, could very well shape the direction of British social policy for decades to come.
—
Note: this post represents the views of the author and not those of Democratic Audit or the LSE. Please read our comments policy before posting. — Vittorio Trevitt is a freelance researcher and writer from Brighton with a research interest in local and national politics.
Similar Posts
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty says he is very concerned about the deteriorating situation in Europe and will intervene with economic stimulus if it becomes necessary.
The minister told reporters in Toronto that the government is in a strong position to act as it did in 2009 to stimulate the Canadian economy because it has relatively small debt and a shrinking deficit.
Mr. Flaherty says he will discuss the worsening economic climate with his Group of Seven colleagues Tuesday morning, but made it clear he considers the situation serious.
Story continues below advertisement
Global markets have fallen sharply in the past few days as news coming out of Europe worsened, with Spain joining Greece on the crisis watch list.
On Monday, Portugal's finance minister said foreign bailout creditors were providing another batch of the country's $96-billion (U.S.) rescue package after concluding the government is abiding by the terms of the loan.
Mr. Flaherty says Canada would be hurt by a financial crisis spreading out of Europe or a downturn in the U.S. economy.
Governor Asa Hutchinson vetoed Senate Bill 79 Tuesday. In its description, the bill's intent is to "protect the names, voices, signatures, photographs, and likenesses of the citizens of the state from exploitation and unauthorized commercial use without the citizen's consent."
Hutchinson said the bill as drafted would extend protection beyond the stated intent of the bill, unnecessarily restrict free expression, and may result in unnecessary litigation in Arkansas.
The governor's office sent the following statement to Channel 7 News:
"In its current form, the bill unnecessarily restricts free expression and thus could have a chilling effect on freedom of speech and freedom of the press. In addition, SB79 exempts certain types of noncommercial speech while failing to exempt other forms of noncommercial speech. The absence of these exemptions could result in unnecessary litigation and suppress Arkansans who engage in artistic expression."
Click here to read Governor Hutchinson's veto letter to the state senate.
For a woman who until last July was a fairly unknown governor of one of the most obscure states in America, existing on an official income of $125,000 (£80,734) a year, Sarah Palin has acquired some pretty impressive trappings of celebrity and influence. She now commands fees of up to $100,000 for just one speech, and her engagements are controlled by her minders in minute detail.
Those details include demands that she have two bottles of still water and bendable straws placed near the lectern from which she delivers her speeches; that she be flown from her home in Alaska to wherever the event takes place on first-class commercial tickets or in a private jet of at least the size of a Lear 60; and that she be driven from the airport to the venue in professionally licensed SUVs or, failing that, in black town cars.
Her hotel room must be booked under an alias, for security reasons, and must include a one-bedroom suite and two single rooms. There must be a laptop computer and printer fully charged with paper in the room. And the hotel must be rated as deluxe.
We now know such arcane details of the life of Sarah Palin in her new incarnation as megastar courtesy of two intrepid college students at Stanislaus, a branch of California State University in Turlock, California.
Palin has been booked through her agency, the Washington Speakers Bureau, to front a fundraiser for the college's foundation on 25 June.
The students, Alicia Lewis and Ashli Briggs, claim to have been tipped off last week to strange movements in the campus administration building.
Officials of the administration had been under pressure from Democratic politicians and others to reveal the precise terms on which Palin's services were being secured, and the rumour was that administrators were busily shredding documents to avoid disclosure.
Lewis and Briggs decided to investigate. Finding the administration building locked, they claim to have seen bags full of complete and shredded documents being carried out and dumped in a bin.
When the coast was clear, they rifled through the bags and say they found the final six pages of a nine-page Washington Speakers Bureau contract.
It does not mention Palin by name, but refers to the speaker's "high profile" and need for security "of the highest order".It stipulates in exhaustive detail every aspect of the engagement. If a private jet is used it "MUST BE a Lear 60 or larger for West Coast Events; or, a Hawker 800 or larger for East Coast Events and both are subject to the Speaker's approval".
The bendable straws are a requirement that goes unexplained.
On the back of the discovery of the document, the attorney general of California, Jerry Brown, has announced an investigation into the way the Stanislaus Foundation is conducting its affairs with Palin after suggestions that it is paying her up to $75,000 for the event.
There has been no confirmation or denial from the Washington Speakers Bureau or the foundation whether the contract is genuine. The foundation has countered that as all its $20m assets came from private donations it was not required to make the same public disclosures as the university to which it is attached.
Definitive List of Hitchcock McGuffins The main thing Ive learned over the years is that the MacGuffin is nothing. Im convinced of this, but I find it very difficult to prove it to others. Alfred Hitchcock Borgus.com - Film director Alfred Hitchcock coined the term 'MacGuffin' when discussing the suspense techniques in his films. Below we are compiling a definitive list of MacGuffins from Hitchcock films. We invite your submissions.
Definition: The definition of MacGuffin can be boiled down to one thing -- nothing. Hitchcock over the years described the MacGuffin as a plot device, or gimmick, on which to hang the tension in a film, the key element of any suspense story (Gottlieb). Because Hitchcock lured the audience to such a high degree of sympathy for the characters through cinematic means, the reason behind their plight became irrelevant for the viewer. Something bad is happening to them and it doesnt matter what. The only reason for the MacGuffin is to serve as a pivotal reason for the suspense to occur.
The MacGuffin is like a wild card which can be inserted to stand for anything. It could be something as vague as the "government secrets" in North by Northwest (1959), or the long detailed weapons plans of Mr. Memory in The 39 Steps (1935). Or, it could be something simple like the dog blocking the stairway in Strangers on a Train (1951). Nobody cares about the dog. It's only there for one reason - suspense. It could have just as easily been a person, an alarm, a talking parrot, or a MacGuffin!
The Definitive MacGuffin List: (email submissions to info@borgus.com)
Blackmail (1929)  woman's gloves found at crime scene
The 39 Steps (1935)  Mr. Memory memorized it, the plans for an airplane engine.
Young and Innocent (1937)  overcoat belt (Condon-Sangster 1999)
The Lady Vanishes (1938): the coded message contained in a piece of music (Tim Durks 2010) memorized by Miss Froy
Rebecca (1940): the character of the first Mrs. De Winter - Rebecca (Tim Durks 2010)
Foreign Correspondent (1940)  Clause 27 from a peace treaty (Condon-Sangster 1999)
Saboteur (1942)  the sleeve holding Fry in place while hanging
Shadow of a Doubt (1942) - 1. the newspaper 2. the ring
Spellbound (1945)  1. note slipped under door for Ingrid Bergman, 2. the lines haunting Gregory Peck from ski slope
Notorious (1946): the radioactive material (uranium ore) found in vintage wine bottles (Tim Durks 2010)
Rope (1948)  1. The rope used to strangle 2. The wrong hat picked up by James Stewart
Strangers on a Train (1951)  1. dog blocking stairway in Brunos home, 2. The lighter implicating Farley Granger
Dial M For Murder (1954)  the spare key to the apartment
I Confess (1953)  information wanted by police (Condon-Sangster 1999)
Rear Window (1954): the suspected 'murder' committed by apartment tenant Lars Thorwald (Tim Durks 2010)
The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956)  1. the cymbals crashing at the moment of assassination, 2. the song Que Sera, Sera sung by Doris Day
The Trouble With Harry (1856)  Harrys cause of death
One More Mile to Go (TV episode 1957) - the car tail light that wouldn't work properly
Vertigo (1958)  Scottie's vertigo, the necklace
North By Northwest (1959)  1. government secrets on microfilm 2. False identity George Caplan
Psycho (1960)  1. the $40,000 cash in an envelope (Condon-Sangster 1999) 2. Arbogasts phone booth call
The Birds (1963)  reason the birds attacked (Condon-Sangster 1999)
Marnie (1964)  the color red
Torn Curtain (1966)  1. the book 2. the symbol Pi 3. Gamma 5 secrets
Family Plot (1976)  diamonds
Written: December 2010, Updated July 2011
Watch our new web series:
Hitch20 Fimmaking Web Series
Continue to other articles:
How to Turn Your Boring Movie into a Hitchcock Thriller
Humor: Hitchcock's Secret Weapon
Message in a booth: Arbogast's last words
The Definitive List of Hitchcock MacGuffins
Creating a Hitchcockian Opening
Sound: Hitchcock's Third Dimension
The Cameo: Appearing in Your Own Film
[Back to Main]
Written by Jeffrey Michael Bays, an award-winning radio producer most widely known for 'Not From Space' on XM Satellite Radio. He is also filmmaker and film scholar with a Master of Arts in Cinema from La Trobe University. Jeffrey has written for Peter Marshall's Director's Chair, and is currently writing a book for Micheal Wiese Publishing. As an avid fan of Alfred Hitchcock, Jeffrey directed the Australian suspense film Offing David and is currently in development of two new films.
Contact: info@borgus.com
Book Sources:
Truffaut, Francois. "Hitchcock" Revised Edition. New York. 1985.
Gottlieb, Sydney. "Hitchcock on Hitchcock: Selected Writings and Interviews" Los Angeles. 1997.
Condon, Paul and Sangster, Jim. "The Complete Hitchcock" Virgin Publishing. 1999.
Cynicism is so easy to come by these days. But as Louis C.K.'s bracing Horace & Pete and Australian dirge pop veterans, The Drones have ably shown, it is far from the end of the conversation. Where there's life, there's life. We need to remember that we don't exist in bubbles, we just cravenly (call it “bet-hedgingly” if ya like) create that illusion for ourselves. It's always a relief when entARTainment can play a role in derailing us, however momentarily, from our flimsy faux-fortresses. Our existential fatigue should be better earned and a lot less theoretical. Stands to reason that the cynical and the sanctimonious are both as malleable as the water that makes them up. Enter the emulsifiers.
Since 2013's superb I See Seaweed there have been a couple years to consider the riches that this fearsome bastion of rock (albeit the post-mortem horse fart that's left of it) has bestowed. They could've dropped off the face of the earth and there'd still be a discography so consistently signature yet tactfully refined that one can almost forget that guitar music's greater significance has become a moldy curatorial slog (lookin' at you, Vinyl ). Turns out The Drones have been readying an LP that not only retains their vital essence, but often feels unlike anything they've done before (programmed beats, Eno-esque drifting on “Tailwinds”, and lots more vocals from bassist Fiona Kitschin). Infectious lead singles “To Think That I Once Loved You” and “Talman Shud” respectively flaunt their frothing balladry and texturally riveting approach to arrangement. Don't let that album title fool you. This is still the jaundiced, bombed-out band you've come to know and love. When you hear that titular line in opener, “Private Execution” it is clear that the freedom he's citing is that of embracing one's greater obsolescence and insignificance (“I'm going straight to DVD” goes the following line). For good measure, the next track defiantly rails against those very things.
Perhaps the album is a more groove-based effort, as frontman Gareth Liddiard noted in an October Guardian interview, but you won't be mistaking ‘em for The Killers or whatever (I really can't see Liddiard ever going the slinkyserpentine, fedora/vest route). With its formidable social-critique based verbosity, contiued dirge-affinity and controlled chaos song-structures, Feelin' Kinda Free 's danceability sits in a dubious place. But The Drones are still firing on all cylinders just the same, and we'd do well to absorb their barrage come March 18.
UPDATE (3/19): The stream is no longer available.
It seems very likely that the party is over for one of the most fun and affordable hatchbacks on the U.S. market, the Ford Fiesta ST. The current one, soon to be replaced by a new Fiesta that America probably will not get, puts out about 200 horsepower and has a starting price of around $21,000. With rebates and discounts, now you cheapskates can get an even better deal.
Ford is currently advertising a few specials on their website, such as a lease deal at $242 a month with $3,089 due at signing. There's also a deal for 2.9 percent APR for 84 months, the latter of which I don't recommend. That's a seven year car loan, and even if you love your FiST, don't make payments on one that long.
However, some Ford dealers throughout the country are advertising up to $3,500 cash back in addition to whatever discounts they are putting on the hood. This means you could land a brand-new Fiesta ST for around $16,000 to $17,000.
Advertisement
These prices are not too far off used Fiesta STs with reasonable miles. Of course, you can get cheaper cars, but you should be cautious of ones that fall into the “pre-hooned” category.
Advertisement
While the more pedestrian variants of the Fiesta won't be missed as much, the Fiesta ST will likely be remembered as one of the best sport compacts you could buy. Do it now, while you can.
CBS just made its final renewals for next season, picking up 10 scripted series; reality staples Survivor, The Amazing Race and Undercover Boss; and newsmagazine stalwarts 60 Minutes and 48 Hours. No major surprises (and bloodletting) on the list of renewed scripted series, with all shows coming back except for bubble series Stalker and The McCarthys, which were canceled today, and Battle Creek, which already had been unofficially canceled. The renewed scripted series are CSI: Cyber, The Odd Couple, Person Of Interest, NCIS, NCIS: Los Angeles, Hawaii Five-O, Criminal Minds, Elementary, The Good Wife and Blue Bloods. That is besides the mothership CSI series, which has not been picked up for a 16th season but has not been cancelled either. I hear the network continues to work on a finale plan for next season, probably a movie.
But the CSI brand will live on even beyond that, with the latest offshoot, CSI: Cyber starring Patricia Arquette, clinching a renewal. I hear the midseason series, which has done so-so in the ratings, might undergo some retooling. Another midseason CBS series that has landed a second-season pickup after an OK not great freshman turn is comedy The Odd Couple. Both are owned by CBS, as are all but one of the 10 renewed series including one co-production. For the sole non-CBS-produced returning show, POI, I hear this might be the final season.
The three cancelled series all are from outside studios; one, The McCarthy, is a co-production with CBS. The 10 newly renewed scripted series join previously picked-up freshmen Scorpion, Madam Secretary and NCIS: New Orleans and comedies The Big Bang Theory, Mike & Molly, Mom and 2 Broke Girls.
Related2015 CBS Pilots
For Criminal Minds, the renewal again comes before the cast has closed deals for next season, a position CBS and the show have been in before. I hear talks with actors continue as the show has been asked to trim the budget. The veteran will be joined by newly picked-up spinoff Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders.
As a conservative student, have you ever wondered why fighting intellectual battles on campus is like banging your head against a wall? No one wants to debate the merits, just call you a bunch of names.
Right-winger. Fascist. Extremist. Hate-monger.
It's important to understand how and why you get shut down with ad hominem attacks every time you attempt to defend your beliefs, because it's the first step toward equipping yourself with the proper debate tools to successfully battle your campus antagonists.
One of the brightest minds to offer such understanding is bestselling author and nationally syndicated columnist Jonah Goldberg, a contributing editor to National Review and the founding editor of National Review Online whose two New York Times bestsellers, “The Tyranny of Clichés” and “Liberal Fascism,” frequently delve into the rot eating away at the soul of American universities.
Goldberg, who often gives speeches on college campuses, is lauded for his ability to bridge media savvy conservatism with academic scholarship to unmask much of the idols of statist politics in America.
In this exclusive Q&A with The College Fix, Goldberg explains how American progressivism was born of the same intellectual and political climate that gave rise to various European collectivist, statist and nationalistic movements – and how those mindsets are currently in control of higher education discourse today.
What's more – with advice such as “nothing pisses off the left more than a conservative who's enjoying himself,” “be careful not to internalize the left's terms,” and “conservatives need to get better at convincing people that we believe what we believe not just because it is good for us but because it's good for everybody” – Goldberg offers numerous tips to students on how to fight the good fight on campus.
Important advice, because what you are up against is nothing less than those who would control everything you think, say and do.
“Political correctness, speech codes, hate-crime hoaxes: these are all efforts by a very small number of people to control what is said and how it is said,” Goldberg explains. “I don't think any women's studies professors are looking to Mussolini or Georges Sorel for inspiration. But what they are doing is trying to manufacture crises that give them more authority and power.”
While you rightly point out that the word “fascist” is exhausted in its use, do you think the fascist connections with American progressivism carry on in any of the clichés (i.e. those buzz phrases that stop an argument) you find when you speak at different campuses?
Goldberg: A big point of my book was an attempt to “deflate” the idea of fascism. It wasn't an outlier in the earlier 20th century; it was a very mainstream movement (particularly before the rise of Nazism) that was part of the fad for “experimental” social engineers. The key issue is power.
Today, the power of fascism is in using the label to silence your opponents. No one gets called a fascist for wanting more “public-private partnerships” between the feds and big business, even though that sort of thing is central to fascist economics. No, people get called “fascist” for disagreeing with feminist radicals or supporting free speech or refusing to conform. The most fascistic things routinely said on college campuses today is “if you're not part of the solution you're part of the problem” or “the time for debate is over.”
There's no safe-harbor for disagreement. You have to get with the program or you're a “problem” that needs to be fixed. The best working definition of fascist for the left is simply a “conservative who's winning an argument.” Because all you have to do to get called a fascist is to disagree with a leftist. Rightwing on college campuses is just another word for “non-compliant.”
Orwell noticed this a long time ago, which is why he said that fascism had simply come to mean “anything not desirable” or something like that.
You write in your latest book, The Tyranny of Clichés, that clichés are tyrannical in that they are “the use of allegedly non-ideological insights to advance starkly ideological understandings of the world.” Is academic freedom now a tyrannical cliché, and how so?
Goldberg: Sure. Let's start with the word ideology. Few words have a worse reputation these days. It has become synonymous with “closed-minded” and “dogmatic,” even “brainwashed.” This is nonsense. An ideology is merely a checklist of your principles. Hopefully your principles are derived from empiricism and experience, though they needn't always be. (I have never murdered anyone, never committed incest etc., yet I am ideologically, even dogmatically, opposed to them.)
There's nothing wrong with being ideological or dogmatic. When people tell me they hate dogma or certainty and brag about how open-minded they are, I tell them that I am dogmatically opposed to setting orphanages on fire. I am also dogmatically opposed to slavery, genocide and the consumption of flan. Save for that last bit, does that make me more or less enlightened?
Again, it all comes back to power. The Progressives borrowed this neat trick from Napoleon and Marx (which sounds like a fine haberdashery). They unilaterally declared all competing ideologies to be closed-mindedly “ideological” while claiming for themselves an open-minded pragmatism. So liberalism doesn't have to defend itself as an ideology while it can accuse all of its competing ideologies of being cult-like and other-worldly. We hear this in Obama all of the time. His opponents are “ideologues” who put their “ideology” ahead of the American people, while he is merely a “problem-solver” who only wants to do “what works.” I'm sure he believes it.
Which points to one of the big problems with liberalism; its staggering lack of self-awareness.
Liberals simply take it as a given that they are open-minded, morally superior free thinkers. At least conservatives acknowledge our dogma. Liberals have become so dogmatic they can't even see theirs.
Are there other ways you find the tyranny of clichés functioning in the university today, as in what are the biggest ones you find when you visit a college?
Goldberg: My single biggest complaint about the majority of college campuses is the widespread myth that being liberal is rebellious somehow. I always like to ask students something like: “So, let me get this straight. Your professors are liberal. The administration here is liberal. Your high school teachers were liberal. The mainstream media is liberal. The music industry is liberal. Hollywood is liberal. The art community is liberal. The fashion and publishing industries are liberal. And yet you people think you're sticking it to the Man by agreeing with them?”
Being liberal is just about the least rebellious thing you can do on an elite college campus. At least libertarians rebel against bad economics and speech codes. But if you really want to break with the herd at an Ivy League school, do something unpredictable: be a Christian conservative.
Can young students take the clichés at the university and redefine them to suit their own picture of politics?
Goldberg: I'm sure they can. That's standard operating procedure in politics. My only caution is that when you turn the tables on your opponents you should be careful not to internalize the left's terms. You don't fight a double standard by accepting your opponent's standard.
For instance, take diversity (which I write about a lot in Tyranny of Clichés). Diversity can be bad or good, it all depends on what you're diversifying and how you're doing it.
At some campuses I've been to, conservatives have successfully gotten student activity money by appealing to the “diversity fund” or whatever they call it. That's great. Intellectual diversity can be more important than many of the kinds of diversity celebrated on college campuses. But there's a real danger of being coopted by that kind of arrangement as well.
You recount in The Tyranny of Clichés the legend that William F. Buckley Jr. once told George Will in the 1970s how to write two columns in a week: “At least two things a week will annoy you, and you'll write about them.” Conservative writers easily find more than two things a week at college to annoy them. But being annoyed is not sufficient. One has to be funny and have a point with ridicule. What is the best tactic to make sure one's ridicule invites possibly sympathetic readers rather than pushes them away?
Goldberg: I don't know that that is true. Don't get me wrong, ridicule is great for the things ridicule is great at, and I often pay my mortgage with the proceeds from ridicule. But it's also really important to show concern and compassion. Conservatives are great at ridicule, largely because liberals make such easy targets of themselves. But liberals have an advantage when it comes to convincing people their hearts are in the right place. Their ideas are often stupid, but you know what they care about.
Conservatives need to get better at convincing people that we believe what we believe not just because it is good for us but because it's good for everybody. Capitalism is the greatest anti-poverty program in human history. Yet conservatives rarely emphasize that. Why?
More to the point of your question, the ultimate goal must never be ridicule but persuasion. If you find that mocking your opponents isn't winning readers over maybe you should try a different approach. When I debate someone on campus, the goal is never to persuade my opponent, at least not on the Big Questions. It's too persuade the audience. I believe in entertaining the reader – in fact I believe in it more than most, I think – but the question you need to ask yourself when contemplating ridicule is, “Is what I'm writing more or less persuasive with this zinger?”
Also in The Tyranny of Clichés, you mention how the “grotesque higher education price ‘bubble' inflated over the last generation” due to policies inspired by the liberal dogma “that everyone should go to college.” Your book tries to unmask such dogmas. But how can a young conservative try to play the happy warrior when these dogmas affect them directly?
Goldberg: First of all don't play a happy warrior, be a happy warrior. Though, I guess if you have to fake it, you still should. Nothing pisses off the left more than a conservative who's enjoying himself. Also, people are more likely to be persuaded by someone who isn't bitter and cranky all the time. Nobody wants to listen to someone in dire need of an enema.
Moreover, the reason I am a conservative is that conservatism – like libertarianism – is only a partial philosophy of life. If you make politics your everything then you will ultimately be unhappy because that's how politics – and life – works.
On a more nonpolitical note, you recently wrote that integrity was not traditionally defined “simply by doing the right thing, but by wanting to do the right thing.” Yet now integrity is seen as “a commitment to self-made principles” rather than consistency of virtue. How can college students avoid the new type of integrity and maintain the old when self-serving clichés are so ubiquitous?
Goldberg: That's a great question. My short answer is: I don't know. I am an unlikely candidate to lead a moral revival. But it seems to me one good first step would be to take a serious inventory of yourself. Are you following a principle of right and wrong or have you fabricated a principle to rationalize what you want to do. We humans are very good at lying to ourselves.
But I think deep down we can figure out when we take a position out of convenience rather than morally-informed reason. One way to start that process is to ask yourself, “When was the last time I made a moral decision that was really inconvenient to what I wanted to do?”
Goldberg is set to appear Feb. 12 at the University of Michigan's Rackham Amphitheater through Young Americans for Freedom.
College Fix contributor Ryan Shinkel is a student at the University of Michigan.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGES: Main, Brad/Flickr; Inside – Gage Skidmore/Flickr
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Thursday that his department has no plans to replace President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill, despite the Treasury making the proposal last year.
Mnuchin told CNBC, "Ultimately we will be looking at this issue. It's not something I'm focused on at the moment."
He added that he would rather focus on changing currency to combat counterfeiting.
"The No. 1 issue why we change the currency is to stop counterfeiting. So the issues of what we change will be primarily related to what we need to do for security purposes. I've received classified briefings on that. And that's what I'm focused on for the most part," Mnuchin said.
"People have been on the bills for a long period of time. And this is something we will consider. Right now, we've got a lot more important issues to focus on," he added.
Former Secretary of the Treasury Jack Lew, in the previous administration, suggested replacing Jackson, a slave-owner, with Harriet Tubman. Trump voiced support for Tubman being put on currency during his presidential campaign, but not with replacing Jackson.
"I think Harriet Tubman is fantastic," he said on NBC's "Today" show last year in April. "I would love to leave Andrew Jackson and see if we can maybe come up with another denomination. Maybe we do the $2 bill or we do another bill."
While Trump complimented Tubman, he said at the time that he didn't agree with replacing Jackson on the denomination. "I don't like seeing it. Yes, I think it's pure political correctness. Been on the bill [Jackson] for many, many years. And, you know, really represented somebody that really was very important to this country.
In a sign of the confusion surrounding the conflict, the United Nations Mission in South Sudan said in a statement on Wednesday that it was not in a position to confirm a report by Navi Pillay, the United Nations' top human rights official, of a mass grave in Bentiu.
The mission said it was “deeply concerned over reports of extrajudicial killings in Juba and other locations in South Sudan,” adding that it was “investigating reports of such atrocities.”
Addressing the widespread concern about killings, lootings and other abuses, Mr. Kiir told the hundreds gathered at the cathedral in Juba: “Anybody that goes to the residential areas to kill people or to loot the property of others and hoping that he's doing it to support me must know that that person is not supporting me. Instead, you are destroying me.”
The South Sudanese military has retaken Bor, the capital of the strategic but unstable Jonglei State, which rebel forces took control of last week. Three American aircraft flying into Bor to evacuate American citizens were attacked on Saturday morning and forced to turn back. Four American service members on board were wounded, one seriously. A subsequent evacuation mission on Sunday was successful.
As hundreds of civilians returned to Bor on Wednesday, Agence France-Presse reported that the streets were littered with bodies and signs of looted stores were visible.
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said in a statement on Wednesday that at least 92,000 people had been displaced by the violence, and that “the real number of people displaced is likely to be significantly higher.” Nearly 60,000 people have sought safety at United Nations peacekeeping bases, including about 20,000 in Juba alone.
Aid agencies say they need $166 million to address the repercussions of the violence, including sanitation, health care, shelter, food and water.
The NZ Transport Agency advises of the following closures for motorway improvements. Closures start at 9pm and finish at 5am, unless otherwise stated. Work delayed by bad weather will be completed at the next available date, prior to Friday, 15 December 2017. Please note this Traffic Bulletin is updated every Friday.
See daily updated closure information(external link)
NORTHERN MOTORWAY (SH1)
Southbound lanes between Waiwera off ramp and Silverdale on ramp, 10 December
Orewa southbound on ramp, 10 December
Wainui Road southbound on ramp, 10 December
Northbound lanes between Silverdale off ramp and Waiwera on ramp, 11 December
Silverdale northbound on ramp, 11 December
Orewa northbound on ramp, 11 December
Stafford Road northbound off ramp, 13 December
Shelly Beach Road southbound off ramp, 14 December
Curran Street northbound on ramp, 13 December
CENTRAL MOTORWAY JUNCTION (SH1 & SH16)
(SH16) Grafton Road southbound on ramp, 10 - 11 December
(SH16) Hobson Street westbound on ramp, 13 December (approx. 10:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
(SH1) Northbound lanes between Nelson Street off ramp and Fanshawe Street on ramp, 12 December (approx. 10:30p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
SH16 eastbound to SH1 northbound link, 12 December
SH16 Port westbound to SH1 northbound link, 12 December
SH16 Port westbound to SH1 southbound link, 10 - 11 December
(SH1) Southbound lanes between Fanshawe Street off ramp and Hobson Street on ramp, 12 December (approx. 10:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
(SH1) Symonds Street southbound on ramp, 13 December
(SH16) Wellesley Street westbound on ramp, 12 December
(SH1) Wellington Street northbound on ramp, 12 December
(SH16) Westbound lanes between Grafton Road off ramp and Newton Road on ramp, 12 December
SOUTHERN MOTORWAY (SH1)
Tecoma Street southbound off ramp, 10 - 14 December
Tecome Street southbound on ramp, 10 – 14 December
Ellerslie-Panmure Highway southbound off ramp, 10 - 11 December
Northbound lanes between Ellerslie-Panmure Highway off ramp and Greenlane on ramp, 11 December (approx. 10:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
Ellerslie-Panmure Highway northbound on ramp, 11 December
Princes Street southbound on ramp, 13 December
Southbound lanes between Takanini off ramp and Papakura on ramp, 12 December (approx. 10:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
Southbound lanes between Takanini off ramp and Takanini on ramp, 10 - 11 December (approx. 10:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
Takanini northbound on ramp, 12 - 13 December
Takanini southbound on ramp, 12 December
Northbound lanes between Takanini off ramp and Manukau on ramp, 12 - 13 December (approx. 10:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
Hill Road northbound on ramp, 12 - 14 December
Southbound lanes between Ramarama off ramp and Bombay on ramp, 11 December
Ramarama southbound on ramp, 11 December
Northbound lanes between Bombay off ramp and Ramarama on ramp, 11 December
Bombay northbound on ramp, 11 December
NORTHWESTERN MOTORWAY (SH16)
Southbound lanes between Brigham Creek Road roundabout and Lincoln Road on ramp, 10 - 14 December
Hobsonville Road southbound on ramp, 10 - 14 December
Royal Road southbound on ramp, 10 - 14 December
Northbound lanes between Lincoln Road off ramp and Brigham Creek Road roundabout, 10 - 11 December (approx. 10:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
Lincoln Road northbound on ramp, 10 - 11 December
Patiki Road southbound off ramp, 13 December
SH16 westbound to SH20 southbound link, 10 - 14 December (approx. 11:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
Westbound lanes between Great North Road off ramp and Great North Road on ramp, 10 - 14 December (approx. 11:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
Eastbound lanes between Western Springs off ramp and SH1 on ramp, 10 December (approx. 10:30p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
Western Springs eastbound on ramp, 10 December
UPPER HARBOUR MOTORWAY (SH18)
Brigham Creek Road westbound off ramp, 14 December
SH18 westbound to SH16 eastbound link, 10 - 14 December
SOUTHWESTERN MOTORWAY (SH20)
Northbound lanes between Dominion Road off ramp and Maioro Street on ramp, 13 - 14 December (approx. 10:00p.m. to 5:00a.m.)
Dominion Road northbound on ramp, 13 - 14 December
GEORGE BOLT MEMORIAL DRIVE (SH20A)
By Andrew Benson
BBC Sport at the Circuit de Catalunya
Formula 1 teams have decided to ban the controversial 'F-duct' aerodynamic device pioneered by McLaren this year. The device, which increases a car's speed down the straights, has since been adopted by Ferrari and BMW Sauber but will no longer be allowed in 2011. It was controversial because some teams felt it contravened the rule that bans movable aerodynamic devices. The vote to forbid it next year was taken at a meeting of teams' organisation Fota on Sunday in Spain. McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh, the chairman of Fota, confirmed to BBC Sport that the teams had voted to ban the systems. Before the meeting, McLaren had written a letter to all the teams saying that they felt banning the system was the wrong thing to do. But their plea was rejected. The system - which McLaren actually call a 'J-switch' within the team - works by channelling air through a hole in the monocoque in the cockpit area through the car and on to the rear wing. This increases the airflow on to the wing and makes it 'stall', ie stopping it creating downforce. The system is only used on the straights, where the reduction in downforce on the car reduces drag and makes the car able to reach a higher top speed. It is operated by the drivers, who are able to open and close the hole at will. McLaren drivers Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton are understood to do so using their knees. Ferrari's system, by contrast, is operated by the driver's left hand. Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso has appeared at times in Spain to have only one thumb on the steering wheel as he operates the 'F-duct' with one hand and changes the car's brake balance with the other. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner said this had influenced the teams' decision. "It's a clever piece of engineering and hats off to the guys who invented it, but some of the solutions this weekend look a little bit marginal when you see drivers driving with no hands basically. So I think there is a safety issue and a cost issue to take into account." Alonso denied there was any inherent danger in how the Ferrari drivers were operating the system. "I always have hands on the wheel," the Spaniard said. "All the drivers operate the brake balance these days, and the button for changing the front wing and there are other buttons as well. I think there is nothing wrong with that."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hold BP Accountable for Dolphin Deaths
by: Environmental Defense Fund.
recipient: US Department of Justice
No surprise here: A new peer-reviewed scientific study links BP oil from the 2010 Gulf disaster to dolphin deaths and illness in Barataria Bay, Louisiana.
BP saturates the market with its pricey PR onslaught, implying that the clean-up is over and the Gulf is better than ever--but that's simply not true. The facts are that this year alone, more than three years after the BP disaster, more than 4.6 million more pounds of oily material have been recovered from Gulf of Mexico shorelines.
The Gulf is still waiting for BP to accept responsibility in order to properly restore the Gulf. For many dolphins, that will come too late.
Take Action: Tell the Department of Justice to hold BP accountable.
read petition letter ▾
Two new developments have linked BP oil from the 2010 Gulf disaster to ongoing wildlife, habitat, and economic impacts in Louisiana.
First, a new peer-reviewed scientific study by a team of government, academic, and non-governmental researches was released linking BP oil from the 2010 Gulf oil disaster to dolphin deaths and illness in Barataria Bay, La. Seventeen percent of the dolphins sampled were classified as being in "poor or grave condition" -- meaning they are not expected to survive.
Dr. Lori Schwacke, the study's lead author, stated, "I've never seen such a high prevalence of very sick animals--and with unusual conditions such as the adrenal hormone abnormalities."
The facts are that this year alone, more than three years after the BP disaster, more than 4.6 million more pounds of oily material have been recovered from Gulf of Mexico shorelines. There is no question that more oil is out there. BP saturates the market with its pricey PR onslaught, implying that the clean-up is over and the Gulf is better than ever. But this is simply not true. The Gulf is still waiting for BP to accept responsibility to ensure restoration that it deserves.
[Your comments here]
Please do all you can to ensure that BP is held accountable for the long-lasting effects of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster.
Sincerely,
[Your name here] Dear [Decision Maker],Two new developments have linked BP oil from the 2010 Gulf disaster to ongoing wildlife, habitat, and economic impacts in Louisiana.First, a new peer-reviewed scientific study by a team of government, academic, and non-governmental researches was released linking BP oil from the 2010 Gulf oil disaster to dolphin deaths and illness in Barataria Bay, La. Seventeen percent of the dolphins sampled were classified as being in "poor or grave condition" -- meaning they are not expected to survive.Dr. Lori Schwacke, the study's lead author, stated, "I've never seen such a high prevalence of very sick animals--and with unusual conditions such as the adrenal hormone abnormalities."The facts are that this year alone, more than three years after the BP disaster, more than 4.6 million more pounds of oily material have been recovered from Gulf of Mexico shorelines. There is no question that more oil is out there. BP saturates the market with its pricey PR onslaught, implying that the clean-up is over and the Gulf is better than ever. But this is simply not true. The Gulf is still waiting for BP to accept responsibility to ensure restoration that it deserves.[Your comments here]Please do all you can to ensure that BP is held accountable for the long-lasting effects of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster.Sincerely,[Your name here]
Triangle Wiki Day (Giant Edit Gathering) Credit: Laura.
Wiki Meetups are chances for wiki authors to create lots of content in a short period of time and collaborate on ideas to improve the wiki. Come to our volunteer meetups!
Downtown Raleigh
Come to our volunteer meetups with the Code for Raleigh group! They happen every first Tuesday at 5:30PM to 8:00PM at theNC Innovation Center, at 217 West Jones Street, Raleigh NC
Volunteer meetups are super informal. We do announcements and short discussion of upcoming events (if you have an idea for an event, this is the place to find other interested folks!) and then spend most of the time editing together. There are always people who are happy to help you learn how to edit the site.
RSVP
How to go about planning one:
Plan a wiki edit gathering that is focused on a certain subject, place, topic or neighborhood.
Find a location with great WiFi
Post meet-up info on the Triangle Wiki Facebook page and Twitter using the #TriWiki hash tag.
Contact wiki users by leaving a comment on their profile page or reaching them via social media.
Email the Triangle Wiki Contact: [email protected]
Check for Wiki Edit Gatherings
Jenn Pedernera and her husband, Miguel, always wanted four children — but they're stopping at two.
Like many families today, they find almost everything about raising children is pricier than they had anticipated.
After their first child, Olivia, was born, the couple paid more than $17,000 for annual daycare fees so Jen could return to her graphic design job in Toronto.
“It was an expense we grew to tolerate,” she says dryly.
Canada has become a country in which it is far harder to raise a family
To put that sum into perspective, consider that, with $17,000, the Pederneras could have covered a $300,000 mortgage on the house they don't yet own, but would like to. Had they been able to save that $17,000, they could have bought — outright — a brand-new Honda Fit four-door hatchback.
Parents of infants pay the highest fees because of lower caregiver-to-child ratios. In British Columbia pay an average of $8,460 a year for daycare. In Toronto, $24,000-a-year infant care isn't unheard of in licensed centres. Yes, Quebec has $7-a-day childcare, but the reality for most families is much pricier (even in Quebec, every one of those coveted spots is spoken for, and waiting lists are long).
And that's assuming parents can make the 6 p.m. pickup. What irony that our child-rearing years coincide with our career-building years — so parents are working harder and longer hours to earn that promotion at exactly the same time as their little ones are most demanding of their time. Parents who don't have family or friends available to help shell out extra for after-hours babysitting or make the switch to a nanny, which can be even more expensive.
Across our nation, parents are raising smaller broods. According to Statistics Canada, back in 1961, the average number of children per family was 2.7; it's been on a generally downward trend since then, clocking in at 1.9 children per family in 2011.
Still, most parents or prospective parents barely pause to consider the costs of children.
“Less than 5% of our client base will approach us in advance” of starting a family, says Robert McCullagh, a certified financial planner with Benefit Planners Inc. in Calgary, and a father of three. “I don't think people stop and think about it.”
Despite daughter Olivia's monster daycare fees, it wasn't until Jen became pregnant with her son, Theodore, less than two years later, that financial reality really set in.
“Things became stressful,” she recalls. “Instead of visions of stroller walks to the nearest Starbucks, we were fretting over how we'd manage the upcoming financial burden, in addition to Olivia's kindergarten after-school care.”
According to Statistics Canada, half of all household debt is owed by couples, like the Pederneras, who have children. And they owe 26% more than the average household — $144,600, compared with $114,400.
“Canada has become a country in which it is far harder to raise a family,” says University of British Columbia professor Paul Kershaw, who writes often about the plight of today's young families.
“The country's economy has doubled in size since the mid-1970s, yet the new reality for parents with preschool children is a decline in the standard of living.”
But why? There are more two-income families, with women, as Mr. Kershaw points out, bringing in 53% more income than they did 35 years ago. Is it really that much more expensive to raise kids now than it was then? Or is it, as imperious Boomers like to assume, because the latest crop of parents are too busy indulging their own and their children's materialistic whims?
Jen admits the latter is “definitely part of the problem. Our generation is also burdened with hyper-consumerism, and an innate need to give our children the things we never had.”
Some of those gifts, she adds, are to assuage parental guilt: “Because of today's cost of living, especially in Toronto, most families survive on dual income, which, unfortunately limits quality time spent with the kids,” she says. “We tend to make up for lost time with special outings and extracurricular activities.”
Yet there are mandatory parenting costs today that didn't exist a few decades ago. Car seats are required by law, and most kids need three different models: an infant car seat to come home from the hospital ($180); a convertible seat ($200) that can face backwards when he outgrows the infant model, then can be turned to face front between ages one and two, and used until he's big enough for the next version; a booster ($35 and up) that he'll use until about age eight.
Latch-key kids need cellphones so they can check in with their parents, and vice-versa. “Two of my three kids have cellphones,” says Jacqueline Kovacs, a magazine editor who works in Toronto, but lives in Aurora, Ont. “We're on a family plan to the tune of $200 a month.”
And, of course, there's the skyrocketing cost of housing. Although, according to RBC's Housing Trends and Affordability report, ownership costs as a percentage of household income are still below 1990 levels, couples are finding home ownership difficult, if not impossible. On average, carrying costs on a two-storey home will eat up 49.4% of household income (detached bungalows, slightly less at 43.4%). That's significantly more than the general 32% rule of thumb for affordability.
“Housing prices are the reason we moved,” says Ms. Kovacs of her shift to suburban life in 2000, just before her third child was born. “Two editors' salaries weren't enough for the size of house in the kind of neighbourhood we wanted. We moved when you could still get a home in Aurora for less than $200,000. Now we couldn't afford to buy in Aurora, either!”
Recently, MoneySense magazine crunched Statistics Canada figures to get a sense of what it costs to bring up a baby in 2012. And although researchers found there are economies of scale — the more children you have, the less, incrementally, additional kids will cost — the numbers will scare away any would-be Duggars family fantasies. From birth to the last day of your child's 18th year, you'll spend $243,660 (or $12,825 a year).
Estimated costs south of the border are similar. The most recent U.S. Department of Agriculture report, Expenditures on Children by Families, concluded the more parents earn, the more they'll shell out in their child's first 17 years of life. The report looks at income and spending in two-child, married couples in three income levels. The lowest-earning couples (before-tax income below $59,410) spent $8,760 to $9,970 per child per year, including the cost of family housing. Meanwhile, the middle-income group (earning between $59,410 and $102,870 before tax) spent $12,290 to $14,320 per child per year; and the highest income earners (those bringing in upwards of $102,870 before tax) spent $20,420 to $24,510 per child per year.
As breathtakingly steep as these figures are, they don't take into account the increasing cost of getting pregnant in the first place. “With women, on average, waiting longer to have children, more couples are confronting the realities of infertility,” notes Vanier Institute of the Family's recent report, Trying to Conceive: Infertility in Canada. While the institute has found nine out of 10 Canadians want to become parents, an estimated 11.5% to 15.7% of couples experience infertility — and treatments to overcome it can be costly. Depending on where you live, a single course of IVF (in vitro fertilization) costs $4,500 to $8,000, plus $2,000 to $7,000 for required medication. (A portion of the fees may be covered by extended medical insurance or provincial health care plans.)
Mr. McCullagh has seen clients blow their brains out on infertility treatments. After a successful IVF pregnancy, one couple he works with simply couldn't bear the thought of donating their remaining embryos to science or letting them cease to exist, so they decided to have them implanted and raise a larger-than-planned-for family.
Even among the high-income earners he works with, Mr. McCullagh says, “I do see parents who are just getting by.” Few parents, he says, are putting money in to Registered Education Savings Plans for their children's post-secondary education — “they're too busy paying for equestrian lessons and French schools to buy RESPs or even life insurance.”
And among families endowed with more modest financial profiles? “It's almost as though the people who need RESPs can't afford it, and the people who can afford, don't buy it,” he says.
A recent TD Canada Trust survey backs up that observation, finding that “almost one in two parents who have children eligible to attend post-secondary education this fall have not started saving for their children's post-secondary education.”
With their second child just beginning to walk at 10 months, the Pederneras aren't ready to contemplate how their children's tuition will get paid. And, yes, they really are putting their dreams of a larger family to rest. The way they figure it, managing four children on their terms would require one of them to stay at home.
“The weekday evening shuffle leaves very little room for family time; split that four ways, and someone's going to fall through the cracks,” says Jen. “In this scenario, the working parent would ideally make $125,000-plus annually. As graphic designers, this income bracket is mere fantasy.”
Find FP Personal Finance on Facebook
PRIPYAT, Ukraine — The road through the forest, abandoned, is at times barely discernible, covered with the debris of fallen tree limbs, vines, leaves and moss pushing up through cracks in the crumbling asphalt.
The moss is best avoided, says our guide, Artur N. Kalmykov, a young Ukrainian who has made a hobby of coming here to the exclusion zone surrounding the nuclear reactor at Chernobyl, set aside in perpetuity after the catastrophe in 1986. It can be radioactive, having carried buried radiation to the surface as it grew.
Above all, he says, watch out for windblown dust, which could well be laced with deadly plutonium.
Despite the dangers — which are actually minimal these days, except when the wind is howling — and the risk of arrest, Mr. Kalmykov is at home here. “In Kiev my head is full,” he said. “Here I can relax. I could hang out in Kiev. But this is more interesting.”
What Mr. Kalmykov and fellow unofficial explorers of the Chernobyl zone, members of a peculiar subculture who are in their 20s and call themselves “the stalkers,” have found is more interesting still: vast tracts of clear-cutting in the ostensibly protected forest.
Batch 159 voting is now open. The following polls are currently open:
Batch 159
Batch 158
Batch 157
Batch 156
Batch 155
Batch 154
Batch 153
Batch 152 results will be up soon.
The full list of matchups for today is:
Duplicant vs Harrier Griffin
Rise of Eagles vs The Gitrog Monster
Serene Offering vs Riptide Biologist
Death Cloud vs Duskwatch Recruiter
Silt Crawler vs Quicksand
Open the Vaults vs Hazezon Tamar
Animate Wall vs Draining Whelk
Phyrexian Revoker vs Balduvian Shaman
Denizen of the Deep vs Child of Night
Coalition Honor Guard vs Temur Charm
Maw of the Mire vs Nourishing Shoal
Collective Restraint vs Disorder
Deathbringer Liege vs Llanowar Behemoth
Minotaur Tactician vs Hunger of the Howlpack
Crystal Golem vs Rite of the Serpent
Infernal Kirin vs Melek, Izzet Paragon
Mercadia's Downfall vs Petrified Plating
Glissa, the Traitor vs Cathedral of War
Lord of the Void vs Kjeldoran Skyknight
Ignition Team vs Anti-Magic Aura
Coordinated Assault vs Crenellated Wall
Sapphire Charm vs Claws of Valakut
Borrowed Grace vs Promised Kannushi
Fatigue vs Reflect Damage
Archangel vs Stone-Throwing Devils
Magus of the Moat vs Skullcrack
Opal Palace vs Sigiled Behemoth
Mistmeadow Witch vs Bushi Tenderfoot
In Garruk's Wake vs Voodoo Doll
Spellbook vs Wall of Caltrops
Strange Inversion vs Galvanic Juggernaut
Cunning Wish vs Dark Betrayal
An Oklahoma mother is furious after her son's preschool teacher forced him to write with his right hand because she believes left-handers are “sinister.”
Alisha Sands said her 4-year-old son, Zayde, is just learning to read and write in his first year at Oakes Elementary in Okemah, reported KFOR-TV.
She said her son is left-handed, just like she is, but he came home from school last week and struggled to complete some homework using his right hand — so she asked him why.
“I just asked, ‘Is there anything his teachers ever asked about his hands?'” she told the TV station. “And he raises (the left one) one and says, ‘This one's bad.'”
Sands sent her son's teacher a note, and she replied with a copy of an article that described left-handers as “unlucky,” “evil” and “sinister.”
“For example, the devil is often portrayed as left-handed,” the article says.
She took the article to the school superintendent and complained, but Sands said the teacher was not suspended or disciplined in any way.
“There was basically nothing done to this teacher,” Sands said. “She told them she thought I needed literature on it.”
She hopes to transfer her son to another class taught by someone with less superstitious views on left-handedness.
The Latin word sinistra, the root for “sinister,” originally meant “left” — and many folk cultures held negative associations with left-handedness.
The English word left comes from the Anglo-Saxon word lyft, which meant “weak,” and the Sanskrit word for left is synonymous with “wicked.”
School officials declined comment on the case, but said it remained under investigation, and Sands plans to file a complaint with the Oklahoma Board of Education.
“It breaks my heart for him because someone actually believes that, believes my child is evil because he's left-handed,” Sands said. “It's crazy.”
Watch this video report posted online by KFOR-TV:
Gleichklang Limited
Umfrage: Nicht alle Veganer sind konsequent
Hannover (ots)
Zwischen Veganern bestehen erhebliche Unterschiede im Konsequenzgrad im Alltag - dies zeigt eine aktuelle Umfrage unter 3700 Veganern, die gemeinsam durch das Internetportal www.vegan.eu und die Kennenlernplattform www.Gleichklang.de durchgeführt wurde. An der Umfrage beteiligten sich 2710 vegan lebende Frauen und 990 vegan lebende Männer im Alter von 16 bis 85.
Ergebnisse:
95% der Befragten gaben an, keine Produkte mit Gelatine zu konsumieren. 86% achteten nach ihren Angaben immer darauf, dass keine tierischen Zusatzstoffe in den durch sie konsumierten Lebensmitteln vorhanden seien. 78% gaben an, keine Lederprodukte zu kaufen. 74% gaben an, keinen Honig zu konsumieren, keine Seidenprodukte zu erwerben und keine Zoos oder Zirkusse zu besuchen. 73% der Befragten berichteten, auf mit Gelatine geklärte Getränke zu verzichten und auf den Ausschluss von Tierprodukten in Kosmetikartikeln zu achteten. 70% gaben an, keine Wollprodukte zu beziehen. 67% der Befragten erklärten, für ihre Freunde und Bekannten ausschließlich vegan zu kochen. 52% der Befragten gaben an, in keinem Restaurant zu essen, wenn nicht absolut sicher sei, dass alle Bestandteile des Essens vegan seien. 45% der Befragten achteten nach ihren Angaben bei Medikamenten auf die Freiheit von Tierprodukten. Lediglich 36% der Befragten gaben aber an, auch in Farben, Leim und anderen Renovierungsmaterialien auf einen Ausschluss tierischer Produkte zu achten. 26% berichteten, selbst Verunreinigungen von Lebensmitteln durch tierische Produkte bei Herstellung oder Transport nicht in Kauf zu nehmen. Nur 24% der Befragten gaben an, keine Produkte zu kaufen, deren Etiketten Kasein enthielten.
Im Durchschnitt achteten die Befragten zusätzlich zum Verzicht auf Fleisch, Fisch, Eier und Milch auf neun der 15 erfragten Bereiche in ihrem Alltag. Auf alle 15 Bereiche achteten lediglich 4% der Befragten, 9% achteten auf alle Bereiche bis auf maximal einen, 17% achteten auf alle Bereiche bis auf maximal zwei.
Untersucht wurden ebenfalls Zusammenhänge zwischen dem Konsequenzgrad, der Dauer und den Motiven für die vegane Lebensweise:
- Je länger Befragte vegan lebten, desto konsequenter achteten sie im Alltag auf den Ausschluss von Tierprodukten.
- Personen, die aus gesundheitlichen Gründen vegan lebten, wiesen eine geringere Konsequenz auf als Personen, die wegen der Tiere vegan lebten.
Die Befunde zeigen, dass es verschiedene vegane Lebensweisen gibt, die sich im Hinblick auf die Konsequenz des Ausschlusses von Tierprodukten im Alltag unterscheiden. Vegan scheint dabei für viele ein Entwicklungsprozess zu sein, der sich durch eine zunehmende Konsequenz mit den Jahren der veganen Lebensweise auszeichnet. Eher aus Eigeninteresse motivierte Personen bemühen sich dabei weniger um eine konsequent vegane Lebensweise, während tierethisch motivierte Veganer sich durch eine besonders hohes Bemühen kennzeichnen, überall, wo es möglich ist, auf Tierprodukte zu verzichten.
Weitere Details, Zahlen und Bewertungen zu der Umfrage sind hier zu finden: http://www.vegan.eu/kurz/vegan-konsequent.html
Pressekontakt:
Gleichklang limited
Dr. Guido F. Gebauer
Marienstr. 38
D-30171 Hannover
Tel.: +49 (0)160 - 524 2562
E-Mail: gebauer@gleichklang.de
Web: www.gleichklang.de
Original-Content von: Gleichklang Limited, übermittelt durch news aktuell
Attention: Aspiring Software Developers
What I would do if I were You
Please look at my profile. I have been at this for awhile. Disney, NASA, Department of Defense, and etc. I have a Liberal Arts education but when I was 20 I decided that I was going to be a software developer. Before the internet, we had to use these $40 things made of paper. We learned to program through sheer will. Schools taught Perl, Pascal, and C++. VB 4 was really meant for Außenseiters and other non-initiated members of the computer science community.
I studied every night. I worked my shitty day job as an AS400 operator and at night I studied. I didn't just do all the samples in my books. I actually memorized the VB language. Every stinking method and property. After 6 months of studying, I doubled my salary. 5 years later I doubled it again. 10 years later I doubled it again and it's been quite a trajectory ever since.
This is not the 90's. It feels like everybody and their dog is trying to learn how to program lately. If my math is correct then 1.11% of the US population makes their living coding which is around 3.6 million people. What other occupation can you make as much as a doctor with a high school degree? What other occupation can a 20 something with the right skillset make over 100k? The blood is in the water and every fish in the sea can smell it but not every fish is cut out to code.
Coders are born not made. I have personally run circles around PhDs and other academics not because I am smarter than they are. I run circles around them because there isn't anyone you have ever met that will work as hard as I do. You have never met anyone who will work as long as I can. You have never met anyone who hates to lose as much as I do. If we are doing a cryptography related project in the next few weeks I will stay up until 2 am reading Bruce Schneier books on the topic. If there is anything I don't know about some technology, that I will be using in the near future, then you will find me studying late every night until the day the project starts.
What I would do if I were you is begun your almost pathological obsession with learning web technologies. Let's be honest here. The vast majority of software developers are not doing computer science. All of you “code ninjas” out there are just doing CRUD screens. CRUD stands for Create, Read, Update and delete and it's what 99% of every software project ever created is-and-was. Sure there are complications with network segmentation and other entity boundaries but most developers are not writing their own bubble sorts or device drivers. They are giving a user the ability to Create, Read, Update or delete a record that is then moved through some workflow and ultimately put is some report. PERIOD.
Sure you can execute this CRUD task with style using AngularJS over multiple web browsers on a phone or desktop but in the end, it's ultimately just CRUD. Once you realize this your job of learning how to do this becomes manageable.
1) You're going to need a base language like JAVA or C# to do the processing and logic.
2) You're going to need to learn HTML5 because it's the fabric of the web right?
3) CSS is not optional.
4) You're going to need to learn some CSS framework like bootstrap because CSS is terrible.
5) Some form of SQL.
6) Knowing some JavaScript Framework will make Javascript suck less.
7) TypeScript is the greatest thing since sliced bread and I absolutely love sliced bread.
8) Create an application that will be your platform to learn with...forever…
9) Learn to add value because without doing this you won't be able to make this a career.
10)Attend every user group you can find.
11) Find a mentor like me.
That's it? Well sure knowing Node.js, NPM, Yarn, TFS, RavenDB or some other NoSQL DB, MVC, AJAX, Azure would be nice but I think you could get a gig and learn that along the way. Memorize, use, and practice in a completely pathological and obsessive way and you will kill it. Master all of the above skills and you will make over 100K if you learn to negotiate your salary, contract or hourly rate.
Contact me and I will do my best to walk you through the steps. If the above already describes you then I may already have a job for you…
Scott Turman
Small towns, big secrets and gruesome deaths. There's nothing like a good old fashioned mystery to explore, and what better mystery is there than from one of the most beloved visual novels? Well, maybe beloved isn't the right word. This is Late to the Party: the series where we swear we're not being followed… Oh god, we hope not.
Higurashi When They Cry – Ch.1 Onikakushi is not the sort of game you play for choices. Hell, if you're the picky type, Higurashi isn't a game at all. It's a visual novel in the strictest sense of the word: it's a novel with pictures. No branching paths, no puzzles, nothing. Before you close this article and get back to waiting in lines to play The Division, hear me out. There's a lot more to this than meets the eye.
Keiichi is a kid who moved from the city to the small town of Hinamizawa. While being a very average kid, he befriends a group of girls of varying ages as he learns about the town and what makes it special. I know what you're thinking, “sounds like one of those gross harem ecchis”, right? Fear not! The actual game is different. Much, much more different. For starters, the friendship (with the exception of an implicit crush that Keiichi has with a girl around his age, Rena) is portrayed as just a friendship. You aren't getting a harem scenario in this. You're just getting a normal group of friends having fun like schoolkids do. The first part of the game is mostly that, just a day-to-day experience of Keiichi's life in a small rural area. Sure, you hear about a supposed murder in the town, but that's just old news, right?…right?…
It's not a surprise that Higurashi is a psychological horror VN. The game starts with a gruesome scene. However, the surprise is more about how it plays with expectation. When I started Higurashi, I thought that it was going to be more like a Hardy Boys novel with everyone trying to solve a mystery. I couldn't have been more wrong. The story we're given instead is one of paranoia and anxiety. But there are plenty of games like that, what makes this one so special? Well, instead of branding itself as a “visual” novel, Higurashi calls itself a “sound” novel. There's a heavy focus on ambient sounds. Whether it's the sound of the crying higurashi (cicadas) or a bustling classroom, the sound design works to bring you into this rural town. It's so ingrained into the experience, that it knows when to take it out to emphasize a point.
That's one of Higurashi's biggest strengths: Its use of timing. Whenever there's a shift, like a twist or a revelation, the game waits a bit. Before that big new piece of information, the sound stops and the text comes slowly. No jump scares here. Higurashi is patient with its terror, lulling you into a false sense of security. “Maybe it's not so bad” you might say to yourself. But when that shift comes, you feel it hard. The moment when I realized things weren't going to be the same. It's a horrifying shock, so discomforting that I won't forget it. I wanted to look away from the game's glare, somewhat disgusted as I gave my laptop screen a thumbs up for scaring the shit out of me. Another important factor is its new art. If you've ever seen screenshots from the original VN, you might have noticed something about it. Namely, it's ugly as hell. While new art isn't always a big issue in every game, it really helps Higurashi. The new art is a lot more expressive, which allows the fun moments to be joyous and the disturbing bits to mess with the players.
This was my first experience with the Higurashi series and I was blown away. Even if it begins slowly, it's a story that grabs you. Even if you are too scared to continue the story, you'll be drawn back again and again to its grotesque conclusion. It's a good length too, being a $6 game that took me seven hours to finish. Enough to get its point across, but not too long to drag out. My only concern is the series's length. The whole Higurashi series is eight games with two games currently re-translated. While the game feels self-contained, I do worry if future titles will end in a cliffhanger without the translations being complete or going longer than it needs to.
Yet, with that terror of starting something that might be unfinished, I shall be diving into the 2nd part of the series after writing this review. If that's not proof it's a worthwhile experience, I'm not sure what is.
The Good: A scary for those who loathe jump scares that grabs you and doesn't let you go. Brings a terror that can only come from smaller games.
The Bad: A bit too “anime” at times (one specific scene can bring some groans), so maybe not the best first-choice to introduce the Visual Novel.
This Game is Like: The creeping feeling of something behind you after you turn off the lights.
Images © 07th Expansion
Spread the love
Nassau County, FL — After having enough abuse doled out by his parents, both of whom are law enforcement officers, a brave little boy decided to take matters into his own hands and expose the beatings. The father, a Nassau County Sheriff's deputy, has now been taken off patrol, and the mother, a corrections officer for Baker County, has been suspended after the boy posted a video to YouTube of the alleged abuse suffered by him and his sister.
The video was posted to YouTube in July. However, it was only recently noticed by the Nassau County Sheriff's department. The video, titled “How no (sic) to discipline a child,” has since been removed from YouTube “for violating YouTube's Community Guidelines.”
However, parts of it were aired on several local news stations. It is hard to watch and shows a depressing scene as Deputy Troy Gill chases his children through a dilapidated home threatening to inflict serious bodily harm.
The video begins with the little boy narrating, saying, “this is what I have to deal with every day, guys.” The tirade apparently began after a demand for the boy's sister to change her shirt.
The argument escalates to the point of Gill picking the toddler up off the ground by her arm and repeatedly beating her with a belt as she screams in agony.
The boy then tells the camera, “I haven't gotten a spanking in a couple of years, guys. Because I listen.”
Although this author personally believes that the act of spanking teaches children that violence is okay in a loving relationship and is a causal factor in making children more aggressive later in life, the manner in which parents interact with their children is personal and private, and most assuredly no matter of the state.
That being said, however, causing grave physical harm to a child is child abuse, which appears to be the case in this video as Gill is clearly raging and acting out of anger — not discipline.
The video then records more screams and smacking sounds in another room. “Finally, she's getting her butt beat,” the boy says, who apparently endured a similar fate at the girl's age. “I was getting whoopings like that at the age of 2.”
“Go get your motherf**king shirt now,” Gill said in the video. “Imma whoop that motherf**king ass some more.” Smack, smack, smack, the deputy is heard brutally laying in to the small girl.
Gill can then be heard screaming as he threatens more painful violence against the small girl, “If I get to f**king two and you don't have a shirt on, I'm beating your f**king ass some more — and I promise you, I'm going to make it hurt.”
According to the Florida Times-Union, Department of Children and Families spokesman John Harrell confirmed the agency is investigating the case. He declined to release additional details, citing state confidentiality laws.
Deputy Gill has been reassigned from patrol to jail duties while the Florida Department of Children and Families investigates whether he broke any laws, according to Sheriff Bill Leeper.
“We have removed the deputy from his patrol responsibilities and referred it to DCF to investigate and determine if any laws have been violated. Once their investigation is complete we will refer it our internal affairs for review.”
In a study published recently in Nature Scientific Reports, MIT Media Lab researchers showed that networking does not improve team performance. Their findings showed that only the participants' strongest ties had an actual effect on their performance — and the stronger the ties a team had, the better the team performed. None of the participants' weak instrumental (goal-oriented) or expressive (personal) networking ties significantly impacted the performance of their teams.
The research further showed that a team's strongest ties were the best predictor of its performance. A team's strongest ties indicated a performance better than the technical abilities of its members, what the members already knew on the topic, or their personality types.
When solving problems in a competitive environment, the study revealed, it does not matter how many people someone knows or networks with — what really matters are the strongest ties in the network. This has implications for the organization of teams of scientists, engineers, and a host of others tackling today's most complex problems.
The paper, "The Strength of the Strongest Ties in Collaborative Problem-Solving," was published in the June 20 issue of Nature Scientific Reports and co-authored by graduate students Yves-Alexandre de Montjoye and Arkadiusz Stopczynski; postdoc Erez Shmueli; Alex Pentland, the Tobisha Professor of Media Arts and Sciences; and Sune Lehmann, a professor at the Technical University of Denmark.
About This Game Drive as fast as possible on infinite procedural roads. You'll need the best reflexes to beat the 90° turns and the spectacular road patterns. Be a superstar and take risks by making awesome acrobatic tricks. Surpass yourself and challenge your friends on the online dedicated speed and score leaderboards.
Hyperun is a mix of driving skills, endurance, style and gravity defying roads.
Features
• The game is going really really fast.
• Speed and Score international leaderboards.
• Learn from the best by watching the replay of any leaderboard entry.
• Advanced vehicle customization.
• Colorblind-friendly colors
• Instant pleasure: smooth and reactive user experience, no loadings.
• Procedural tracks. Every race is unique.
• Extreme motorcycle tricks for spectacular driving.
Important note: Please be aware that due to the fast pace of Hyperun, objects may quickly flash on screen. Anyone with a history of photosensitive epileptic seizures please do not purchase or play this title as it may potentially lead to seizures.
Min (C) is escorted at airport in Shanghai on Sept 19, 2017. (Photo: China News Service/Yin Liqin)
A female fugitive wanted for graft under an Interpol red notice returned from the United States to China and turned herself in on Tuesday, said Shanghai police.
The 59-year-old suspect surnamed Min was previously a saleswoman at a cable company in Shanghai. She was accused of embezzling 300,000 yuan (45,800 U.S. dollars) of the company's fund and fled to the United States in 2001.
In 2014, Interpol issued a "red notice" for Min, who has U.S. nationality. She was persuaded by Shanghai police to return and hand herself in. She flew back to Shanghai on Tuesday evening.
The arrest is part of Operation Fox Hunt 2017, a campaign to catch economic fugitives hiding overseas. This year, Shanghai police have arrested 64 suspects under the operation.
The Church of England is to debate plans to introduce a ceremony akin to a baptism to mark the new identities of Christians who undergo gender transition.
The Rev Chris Newlands, the vicar of Lancaster Priory, has proposed a motion to the General Synod to debate the issue, after he was approached by a young transgender person seeking to be “re-baptised” in his new identity.
The motion, which was passed by Blackburn Diocese last month, calls on the House of Bishops to consider whether it should introduce a new service to mark the milestone in the life of a trans person. A spokesperson for the Archbishops' Council confirmed that the motion had been received, but said it would not be debated imminently.
Newlands urged the church to take the lead on welcoming a group that suffered high levels of discrimination.
He said he knew a number of trans people though his work with LGBT organisations. “It's an absolute trauma to go through this, with the surgery, as people get a lot of transphobic bullying. The church needs to take a lead and be much more proactive to make sure they are given a warm welcome.”
The motion had “captured people's imagination”, he said, and already gathered a large amount of support. It has been passed by the parochial church council, the Deanery Synod and the Blackburn Diocese, which covers Lancashire.
Newlands said: “I wanted to bring it to the General Synod as a commitment that bishops will take seriously, and for them to take the next step of getting a liturgy which parish priests can use for people who do the transition where they can be affirmed in the church.”
Newlands was asked by a church member who had undergone gender reassignment if he could be re-baptised. Recalling the conversation, Newlands said: “I said: ‘Once you've been baptised, you're baptised'. He said: ‘But I was baptised as a girl, under a different name.'
“I said: ‘Let me have a think about it'. So we did and then we created a service, which was an affirmation of baptismal vows where we could introduce him to God with his new name and his new identity.”
The result, Newlands said, a “really joyful occasion”.
The service, at Lancaster Priory, was not the first time such ceremony to have taken place.
Susan Musgrove, 62, who underwent gender reassignment three years ago, had a service of “public affirmation” a year later at St Andrews Church, in Corbridge.
Musgrove, who has written about her experience, described the service as a landmark moment, and the “final stage in what has been a life-long journey”.
She said the motion was fantastic news.
“Give Blackburn their due, they have put this down as a one-line motion. It's no big deal, it shouldn't be a big deal,” she said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Susan Musgrove, centre, with, left, Rev Cecilia Eggleston, Paster of the Metropolitan Community Church in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Rev David Hewlett, Vicar of Corbridge, before the start of the Affirmation service for Susan at St Andrew's Church, Corbridge, Northumberland.
“In the day and age of same-sex marriage, same-sex parenting, for the Church of England to acknowledge this, to want to take it to the House of Bishops – it's fantastic.”
Musgrove said she had originally approached her vicar, David Hewlett, with trepidation, unsure of his response. “But instead of ‘Oh my God, how weird, I've no idea what to do', he said: ‘Oh great. Well we've no idea what to do, let's have a think.'”
She said the service, which was attended by her family including her two children, made her transition feel real.
The Church of England's position on transgender people accepts that two opposing theological views of transexual people's experience and gender transition can “properly be held”, similar to that of the views over women's ordination, according to a House of Bishops memo in 2003.
However, a more formal recognition of gender reassignment would provoke controversy within conservative sectors of the church.
Andrew Symes, the executive secretary of the Anglican Mainstream, said: “The Christian faith has always taught that people are created male and female. We speak for the conservative traditional point of view. We are aware there are a number of people who want to change from one gender to another and that's a new thing for the church to deal with. It would be something that would go against the teachings of the church up till now. It would be something that would cause controversy.
“To recognise all people is something the church should be doing but to have a service of blessing for someone to change their gender is a new idea. It's not been discussed before in the Church of England. It would need a lot of discussion and debate by theologians and I would need to know whether there are other agendas by the people bringing it. I would be very surprised if the diocese has passed the motion without a lot of discussion and debate.”
Symes suggested the motion would present a “different order” of discussion to that that has convulsed the church over the ordination of female priests.
A spokesman for Blackburn Diocese said the vote on the motion had been carried by a majority.
He stressed that it was the first step in a process which would see the motion laid before the General Synod business committee for consideration as a potential item for debate. It was unlikely that the motion would be debated any time soon by General Synod, due to a busy business schedule this year.
The spokesman said: “The Rev Chris Newlands of Lancaster and Morecambe Deanery produced an enlightening and informative paper on issues surrounding the welcome of transgender people into our churches and a response to their needs for prayer and he opened the debate with a presentation. A thoughtful series of speeches followed, before a vote was taken.”
A spokesperson for the Archbishops' Council said: “Any of the 42 diocesan synods is free to propose items for debate at the General Synod. The Blackburn motion will join a queue of motions for debate and is therefore unlikely to be debated imminently. As the motion itself makes clear, any motion passed at General Synod would be the beginning not the end of a process.”
The motion states: “That this Synod, recognising the need for transgender people to be welcomed and affirmed in their parish church, call on the House of Bishops to consider whether some nationally commended liturgical materials might be prepared to mark a person's gender transition.”
Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Diego Rodriguez, Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”), and Robert Sica, Special Agent-in-Charge of the New York Field Office of the United States Secret Service, announced today the unsealing of criminal complaints charging ANTHONY R. MURGIO and YURI LEBEDEV with running an unlicensed Internet Bitcoin exchange, which they operated through a phony front-company and, at times, a federal credit union that MURGIO acquired for purposes of the scheme. The defendants were arrested today at their residences in Florida, and are expected to be presented today in federal court in the Middle District of Florida.
According to the allegations contained in the criminal complaints unsealed today in Manhattan federal court1:
Since at least late 2013, MURGIO, LEBEDEV, and their co-conspirators have knowingly operated Coin.mx, a Bitcoin exchange service, in violation of federal anti-money laundering (“AML”) laws and regulations, including those requiring money services businesses like Coin.mx to meet registration and reporting requirements set forth by the United States Treasury Department. Through Coin.mx, MURGIO, LEBEDEV, and their co-conspirators enabled their customers to exchange cash for Bitcoins, charging a fee for their service. In doing so, they knowingly exchanged cash for people whom they believed may be engaging in criminal activity. MURGIO and his co-conspirators have also knowingly exchanged cash for Bitcoins for victims of “ransomware” attacks, that is, cyberattacks in which criminals (here, distributors of the ransomware known as “Cryptowall”) electronically block access to a victim's computer system until a sum of “ransom” money, typically in Bitcoins, is paid to them. In doing so, MURGIO, and his co-conspirators knowingly enabled the criminals responsible for those attacks to receive the proceeds of their crimes, yet, in violation of federal anti-money laundering laws, MURGIO never filed any suspicious activity reports regarding any of the transactions.
In total, between approximately October 2013 and January 2015, Coin.mx exchanged at least $1.8 million for Bitcoins on behalf of tens of thousands of customers. In addition, in the course of the scheme, MURGIO transferred hundreds of thousands of dollars to bank accounts in Cyprus, Hong Kong, and Eastern Europe, and received hundreds of thousands of dollars from bank accounts in Cyprus and the British Virgin Islands, in furtherance of the operations of his unlawful business.
MURGIO, LEBEDEV, and their co-conspirators engaged in substantial efforts to evade detection of their scheme by operating through a phony front-company, “Collectables Club,” and maintaining a corresponding phony “Collectables Club” website. In doing so, they sought to trick the major financial institutions through which they operated into believing that their unlawful Bitcoin exchange business was simply a members-only association of individuals who discussed, bought, and sold collectable items, such as sports memorabilia.
More recently, in an effort to evade potential scrutiny from these institutions and others, MURGIO obtained beneficial control of a New Jersey-based federal credit union (the “Credit Union”) which served primarily low-income local residents. MURGIO then installed LEBEDEV and others on the Credit Union's Board of Directors, and transferred Coin.mx's banking operations to the Credit Union, which MURGIO, LEBEDEV and other co-conspirators operated, at least until early 2015, as a captive bank for their unlawful business. At that time, after discovering that substantial payment processing activity was being conducted through the Credit Union, the National Credit Union Administration forced the Credit Union to cease engaging in such activity, and MURGIO thereafter found new, overseas payment processing channels for his unlawful business.
* * *
MURGIO, 31, of Tampa, Florida, and LEBEDEV, 37, of Jacksonville, Florida, are each charged with one count of conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business, and one count of operating an unlicensed money transmitting business, each of which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison. MURGIO is also charged with one count of money laundering, which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and one count of willful failure to file a suspicious activity report, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison.The maximum potential sentences in this case are prescribed by Congress and are provided here for informational purposes only, as any sentencing of the defendants will be determined by the judge.
Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI and the Secret Service. He also thanked the National Credit Union Administration for their assistance with the investigation.
The prosecution of this case is being overseen by the Office's Complex Frauds and Cybercrime Unit. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Nicole Friedlander, Sarah Lai, and Eun Young Choi are in charge of the prosecution. Assistant U.S. Attorney Alexander Wilson of the Office's Money Laundering and Asset Forfeiture Unit is in charge of the forfeiture aspects of the case.
The charges contained in the criminal complaints are merely accusations, and the defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.
1 As the introductory phrase signifies, the entirety of the text of the complaints, and the description of the complaints set forth herein, constitute only allegations, and every fact described should be treated as an allegation.
In 1989, the Berlin Wall fell and Communism fell with it. Liberal democracy seemed triumphant. Democracies sprouted in Central Europe. Apartheid fell in South Africa. The Oslo process seemed to herald peace in the Middle East.
Then it all went bad. Tribalism and authoritarianism are now on the march while the number of democracies declines. Far worse has been the degradation of democracies, especially in our own country. The Congress barely functions. We have a president who ignores facts and violates basic decency. On college campuses, according to a Brookings/UCLA survey, 50 percent of students believe that “offensive” speech should be shouted down and 20 percent believe it should be violently crushed.
In short, we used to have a certain framework of decency within which we held our debates, and somehow we've lost our framework. We took our liberal democratic values for granted for so long, we've forgotten how to defend them. We have become democrats by habit and no longer defend our system with a fervent faith.
So over the next few months I'm going to use this column, from time to time, to go back to first principles, to go over the canon of liberal democracy — the thinkers who explained our system and why it is great.
We're giving away 1 premium chlorine shower filter everyday for the next 2 weeks. Register here.
🔊 Listen to Article
By Jeffrey Green
Bathing in chlorinated water may be worse for you than drinking it because it bypasses your liver, say scientists.
Chlorine is the most widely used disinfectant in public water systems in the United States and around the world. It is also a toxic gas that has been used as a chemical weapon because it effectively attacks all living cells.
Chlorine not only kills the bad bacteria in water, it also kills the good bacteria in our bodies and on our skin.
When you drink chlorinated water it destroys your beneficial intestinal flora, or gut bacteria. A wave of recent studies are just beginning to understand how vital gut flora is to your physical and mental health. These revelations have spawned a huge movement of eating fermented vegetables and taking probiotic supplements to help rebuild a healthy gut.
Results of chlorine exposure to the skin are less discussed. Chlorine has been shown to diminish vitamin E, vitamin C and polyunsaturated fatty acids in the skin potentially resulting in eye and skin irritations. Some swimmers use vitamin C & E skin spray to combat rashes. But rashes appear to be the least of the health concerns stemming from topical exposure to chlorine.
A 2009 Belgian study published in Pediatrics found that teens were eight times the risk of developing asthma or allergies if they spent more than 1,000 hours swimming in chlorinated pools compared to kids who usually swam in pools using a copper-silver disinfecting method. The researchers also found that the risks more than doubled for hay fever and other allergies with significant exposure to chlorinated pools.
Females who are regular swimmers in chlorinated pools experience higher levels of vaginal infections. Chlorine is shown to disrupt healthy pH levels as well as kill beneficial vaginal flora.
Bathing or swimming in chlorinated water may even cause cancer.
Spanish researchers at the Municipal Institute of Medical Research in Barcelona found that people who bathe in chlorinated water have a significantly higher chance of getting bladder cancer than those with filtered or feral water.
A report of the cancer study summarizes:
Researchers found that those living in areas with high-chlorine content water, who bathed in it regularly, were 83 per cent more likely to get a tumour than those in low-chlorine areas. Those who drank high-chlorine tap water were 35 per cent more likely to get bladder cancer. Regular swimming in pools increased the risk by 57 per cent. Absorbing chlorine through the skin is thought to be more dangerous because it bypasses the liver, which filters out many harmful chemicals when water is swallowed.
The Scientific American reports on studies linking chlorine to rectal and breast cancer:
The link between chlorine and bladder and rectal cancers has long been known, but only recently have researchers found a link between common chlorine disinfectant and breast cancer, which affects one out of every eight American women. A recent study conducted in Hartford, Connecticut found that women with breast cancer have 50-60 percent higher levels of organochlorines (chlorine by-products) in their breast tissue than cancer-free women.
Showering or bathing in chlorinated water may be especially bad because hot water opens pores in your skin while steamy water also accelerates the off-gassing (evaporation) of chlorine into the air to be inhaled. According to some studies, you may be inhaling 50% more chlorine during a hot shower than while swimming in a cold pool.
If you already filter chlorine out of your drinking water, you may want to start filtering it in your shower as well.
There are several affordable shower filter options to reduce chlorine from your shower. Although common carbon filters do an okay job at filtering cold drinking water, they're less effective at filtering chlorine from high-volume shower water.
Carbon filters rely on adsorption which can only handle low volume. That's why your kitchen water filter takes so long to strain into the pitcher. Additionally, using hot water in carbon filters can lead to the offloading of the captured contaminants right back into your water.
This happens because as the temperature rises the carbon's saturation point decreases to where it can no longer hold the contaminates. It works may for a few weeks, then dump the contaminates back into your shower when it gets hot.
A cutting-edge filtration technology called Kinetic Degradation Fluxion (KDF) uses purification metals (like the pool naturally disinfected by copper and silver from the study above) with superior results.
“KDF uses a copper-zinc alloy mesh filter as a catalyst to break apart the toxic chlorine molecule into safe chloride ions that easily dissolve in the water and are safely washed away without interacting with your body's cells,” explains Nathan Spaccarelli who's the founder of QwenchPure Shower Filters.
“This method permits higher pressure filtered showers and it remains effective for longer than carbon filters.”
If shower pressure is important to you, KDF filters are the way to go. Get yours today!
Nathan Spaccrelli from QwenchPure has generously agreed to give away some shower filters to Natural Blaze readers.
Enter here to win a free shower filter.
Jeffrey Green writes for Natural Blaze. This open source article can be republished in full with attribution.
Palo Alto's effort to roll out a bike-share program for the community is set to take another turn Monday night, when the City Council considers a new proposal that would bring a 350-bike system to several areas of the city.
The proposed five-year contract between the city and the bike-share company Social Bicycles (SoBi) would establish 35 stations, each equipped with 10 "smart bikes." The city would pay $1,104,550 for the equipment, while SoBi would procure a system sponsor to handle the operational costs, according to a report from Department of Planning and Community Environment.
If approved, the new agreement would represent another change in direction for the city, which has been shopping around for a new bike-share operator for several months. Palo Alto's prior bike-share program, operated by Motivate, fizzled out of existence last fall after several years of meager usage. According to statistics from the Metropolitan Transportation Commission and city staff, bikes in the program were taken for a ride just 0.17 times per day between September 2014 and 2015 (the industry standard is one ride per day).
Last fall, the council signaled its interest in signing a fresh contract with Motivate that would expand the program from 37 to 350 bikes and that would adopt “smart bikes” made by SoBi. Unlike the prior bike-share program, which relied on technology in the five bike hubs to track usage, the new one features GPS technology on the bikes themselves, which gives users more flexibility in picking up and dropping off the bikes.
Since then, however, negotiations between the city and Motivate collapsed, according to planning staff. Motivate reportedly changed its position on allocating revenues to neighboring communities to help offset operating costs, the staff report states. The company also was unable to meet the city's desired timeline and its "desired service levels with respect to daily maintenance, rebalancing and operations of the bike share system."
Because Motivate operates the regional Bay Area Bike Share program, Palo Alto officials were hoping that the new Palo Alto program can be integrated into the larger system, despite its reliance on different technology than is used elsewhere. But after further negotiations, Motivate was "uncertain in its ability to operate the two bike share systems seamlessly within the regional system with complete membership reciprocity and full access to the entire system," the new report states.
The new SoBi contract is similar in some respects to the Motivate proposal. Once again, the city would front the capital costs and the private vendor would take care of the operations. SoBi would handle all bike share siting and permitting, according to staff, and city would pay a $1,000 per-station fee (in the Motivate proposal, the price was $4,000 per station).
While the new vendor may make integration with the broader bike-share network complicated, the proposed contract calls for SoBi to "proactively pursue integration" with the Clipper 2.0 project undertaken by Metropolitan Transportation Commission. The project calls for creation of a "digital wallet" that would allow users to easily switch from various bike share and transit systems with one payment method.
SoBi, which already operates bike-share systems in San Mateo, Santa Monica, Phoenix and Portland, Oregon, would rely on sponsorship funds and membership fees. In San Mateo, fares for using bike share are $15 per month for one hour of daily ride time or $5 for a day pass. Palo Alto staff expect a similar rate structure here.
One question that has yet to be resolved is station location. Some hubs will inevitably be located in downtown, around California Avenue and at Stanford Research Park (which has expressed an interest in purchasing about 20 bikes). If the contract is approved, SoBi would conduct an outreach campaign to solicit community input, with the goal of maximizing ridership. Under the proposed timeline, the new program could be launched as early as July through a phased rollout that would begin downtown.
The five-year contract with SoBi also allows two three-year extensions, with the city having an option to add bikes and hubs in future phases. If things go as planned, the system would also expand beyond the city's borders. Mountain View and Redwood City have reportedly expressed interest in the proposed bike-share system and Palo Alto officials have been considering the potential for bringing bike share to the Stanford University campus.
---
Follow the Palo Alto Weekly/Palo Alto Online on Twitter @PaloAltoWeekly and Facebook for breaking news, local events, photos, videos and more.
A MAN was jailed today for five months after stealing two children's charity tins – after losing his bus ticket home.
David Lander was caught on CCTV stealing the cash earmarked for sick youngsters from a takeaway and a pub in Aberdeen in a ten-minute crime spree.
He distracted staff and customers at Sizzler's fast food joint near the city's bus and train stations before grabbing the charity collection from the counter and making off with it under his jacket.
Just a few minutes later he walked into Wagley's Bar a hundred yards away and repeated the brazen act.
Lander, 54, appeared from custody at Aberdeen Sheriff Court today and admitted stealing two charity tins on November 29.
The two donation boxes he is estimated to have pocketed around £160 from were later found at Lander's home in Montrose, but no money was recovered.
When initially questioned by police he said: “I never took a charity tin”.
In the CCTV footage Lander could be clearly seen using a tool to break the chain that secures the charity tin to the counter in Sizzlers, then ushered other customers in front of him so he could get back to the tin.
He casually swiped it the charity tin for the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust from the counter and placed it under his jacket before making an exit.
Around 10 minutes later, he walked into Wagley's Bar in the city's Exchange Street, ordered a pint. As the bar staff turned their backs he reached across the bar, freed the chain tying the collection bottle to a beer tap and slid it into his coat.
He then made his exit with the cash, which was for Children's Hospice Association Scotland (CHAS).
Defence agent Sheena Mair said her client had been drinking in the area but had lost his return bus ticket home. She said: “He was under the influence of of alcohol and he took these items.
“He tells me he is sorry and has offered to repay the money.”
Sheriff Donald Ferguson dismissed Ms Mair's plea for a community payback order.
The sheriff told Lander: “This has crossed the custodial threshold by a large margin. This was a mean and despicable offence and it's important that you are jailed immediately.”
Staff at Wagley's have since launched a charity appeal to try and replace the stolen money for sick kids this Christmas.
Ratchet & Clank Future: ACIT Smashing Onto Store Shelves
Insomniac Games have made a name for themselves by producing great game after great game on the PS3, and here comes another one. We finally have word of the official release date for Ratchet & Clank : A Crack in Time, and it's a lot sooner than you may think.
You will be able to laugh alongside Ratchet and his Burp gun when this game ships on October 27th, 2009. Also detailed below are the Pre-Order goodies for those of you willing to put down cash early for the game.
Jefferson Dong, Product Marketing Manager of SCEA had this to say regarding pre-orders:
‘Discovery Package' – Explore the Insomniac Moon with a special level that resembles the layout of Insomniac Games' studio offices. A fan favorite, the Moon is filled with content that didn't quite make the final game, sort of like deleted scenes on DVDs. You can earn this unlockable on your own, but Insomniac certainly won't make it easy for ya!‘Power Package' – Up your arsenal with an exclusive weapon skin for one of Ratchet's weapons along with extra hit points and Ratchet's brand new Cryo Mine Glove.‘Bolt Package' – Bolster your bolt count with 5,000 free bolts care of Ratchet's most bolt-centric power-ups, the Bolt Magnetizer and Box Basher.‘Space Package' – Drift off into space with an exclusive hot rod skin for Ratchet's ship, the Aphelion, along with 5,000 free bolts and an exclusive Ratchet & Clank PlayStation Home Avatar skin.
How many of you plan to pre-order, and for which packages? Let us know in the comment section below!
[Source]
The self-radicalized madman who attacked four rookie Queens cops with a hatchet had more than just ­jihad on his mind–he also wanted to kill white people.
“He wanted white people to pay for all that slavery and all that racism,” the father of slain hatchet loon Zale Thompson, 32, told The Post Saturday. “I think he committed suicide–and he was taking one of y'all with him,” his father, Ralph Thompson, said, speaking through the screen door of the two-story Queens Village house where his unhinged son also once lived.
Asked if “one of y'all” meant white people,” the father said, “Yeah.”
“He just said, ‘They have to pay for all their unfairness,' ” the father added. “Unfairness for the way they treat black people.”
Zale Thompson, 32, was shot dead on a Jamaica, Queens, sidewalk Thursday after he lunged with a blue-handled hatchet at four rookie cops, striking Officer Joseph Meeker, 24, in the arm and Officer Kenneth Healey, 25, in the back of the head. Both those officers are white, as is the third cop. The fourth cop is a light-skinned Hispanic.
“I didn't know it would get that serious,” the father said wearily of his son, a Navy veteran described by former friends as “bright” but radically pro-“black power” in his youth and a Muslim convert in recent years.
{snip}
But over the last several years, he was quietly becoming an ardent devourer of violent Islamic propaganda, police said.
“This guy spent every waking moment on the Internet,” said one law-enforcement source. Police are looking back as far as five years to see whether anyone else Thompson communicated with is a threat.
“He Googled the words ‘jihad against police,' ” the source said of Thompson's more recent activity. “He also looked up [news stories on] the two Canadian attacks” last week, the source added, referring to so-called “lone wolf” jihadist shooting of a ceremonial guard in Ottawa and a fatal attack on a soldier in Quebec.
{snip}
Zale Thompson's own rants mirrored the hate-mongers' rhetoric. “America's military is strong abroad, but they have never faced an internal mass revolt,” he wrote on Facebook, where his page featured a photo of a Muslim warrior with a turban and sword. “They are weaker at home. We are scattered and decentralized, we can use this as an advantage.”
{snip}
Meanwhile Saturday, Healey, the officer most seriously injured, continued his recovery in Jamaica Hospital.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Google is getting some major national exposure for both its AppEngine platform and Google Moderator, a simple tool that helps groups determine which questions should be asked at all hands meetings, conferences, Q&A sessions, etc. The White House is using Moderator, hosted on AppEngine, to determine which questions President Obama should answer at an online Town Hall meeting on Thursday.
In just a few hours 6,932 people have submitted 7,037 questions and cast 236,048 votes on the site – which proves out the AppEngine promise that you can build highly scalable applications with little effort. The top question, based on votes so far, is “As a student, who like so many others works full time and attends school full time, only to break even at the end of the month. What is the government doing to make higher education more affordable for lower and middle class families?”
Google also hosts the President's video message for the meeting, on YouTube. I'm surprised he's not wearing a Google tshirt, too. Google should be paying him an endorsement fee for all this promotion (Obama previously used Moderator for his Change.gov transition site).
See our recent coverage of Google Tip Jar, which also uses Moderator.
(Image: NASA) (Image: NASA)
After allegations that astronauts flew drunk, NASA's rules on alcohol are under scrutiny. The agency currently doesn't allow its astronauts to imbibe in orbit, but over the years of crewed space travel, many astronauts have enjoyed a tipple.
In 1969, Buzz Aldrin took communion after landing on the Moon, sipping wine from a small chalice. In the Moon's feeble gravity, he later wrote, the wine swirled like syrup around the cup.
Advertisement
Small amounts of alcohol were apparently allowed on the Soviet space station Mir, and when Russian astronauts joined the International Space Station, there were some grumblings about the decree that it be dry.
That hasn't stopped some researchers from working on ways to brew and serve alcohol in space, however.
Graduate student Kirsten Sterrett at the University of Colorado in the US wrote a thesis on fermentation in space, with support from US beer behemoth Coors. She sent a miniature brewing kit into orbit aboard a space shuttle several years ago and produced a few sips of beer. She later sampled the space brew, but because of chemicals in and near it from her analysis, it didn't taste great by the time she tried it.
Beyond the challenge of producing beer in space is the problem of serving it, says Jonathan Clark, a former flight surgeon and now the space medicine liaison for the National Space Biomedical Research Institute in Houston, Texas, US.
Without gravity, bubbles don't rise, so “obviously the foam isn't going to come to a head”, Clark told New Scientist.
The answer, Dutch researchers suggested in 2000, is to store beer in a flexible membrane inside a barrel. Air can be pumped between the barrel and the membrane, forcing the beer out of a tap. Astronauts could then use straws to suck up blobs of beer (see Beer balls).
Wet burps
Unfortunately for thirsty astronauts, beer is poorly suited to space consumption because of the gas it includes. Without gravity to draw liquids to the bottoms of their stomachs, leaving gases at the top, astronauts tend to produce wet burps.
“That's one of the reasons why we don't have carbonated beverages on the space menu,” NASA spokesperson William Jeffs told New Scientist.
Jeffs says no research has been done on the effects of alcohol in a microgravity environment. But he says: “There may be differences in alcohol absorption and metabolism in space, which makes one suspect that there may be differences in the effects of alcohol in space.”
Clark says medications sometimes have unusual effects in space, which “run the gamut from increased to decreased reactions”.
So, should astronauts be allowed to drink in space? “It depends on the length of the mission and any cultural norms,” says Jay Buckey, a former astronaut who studies space physiology at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire, US.
“Mine was a very short mission,” says Buckey, who spent 16 days aboard the space shuttle Columbia in 1998. “I didn't see any need for it.”
Alcohol – Learn more in our comprehensive special report.
A foreigner scans the QR code to pay for snacks at a food stall in Hangzhou, the capital city of Zhejiang province, on April 14, 2017. [Photo/Xinhua]
All vendors selling a range of produce at a marketplace in Luyuan community of Beijing's Xicheng district support mobile payments, and consumers can scan QR codes to pay through WeChat Wallet or Alipay.
A vendor, who sets up a stall in Luyuan community, said using mobile payments was not forced by the market regulator, but done voluntarily.
"All use, and if you did not use, it means a loss," the vendor said.
The popularity of mobile payments in China also shocked neighboring nation Japan, when an online post, recently published at a Japanese forum, stated a beggar even had to use the mobile payment QR code in China.
It has grown into a lifestyle choice of Chinese people using mobile payments throughout their daily activities and interactions, following the rapid development of mobile payment services led by third-party payment companies.
Mobile payments have not only become popular in large cities and urban areas, but also in the country's county towns and rural areas. Users prefer the services for convenience.
"It is troublesome to get lots of exchanges while buying vegetables, especially when dealing with coins, which are uneasy to carry," said a person who likes to use mobile payments.
Another mobile payment user said "the services, either WeChat Wallet or Alipay, will automatically record the trades, like an account book, which helps to know where money has gone every month."
According to internet research company iResearch, the market of mobile payments reached 38 trillion yuan ($5.5 trillion) in 2016, about 50 times the US market which saw $112 billion.
Alipay, the digital wallet run by e-commerce giant Alibaba Group, occupied 54 percent of the Chinese market, and WeChat Wallet owned, by Tencent Holdings, had 37 percent. Other third-party companies shared the percentage remainder.
Li Yi, a researcher from the Internet Society of China, said the rapid development of mobile payments in China was due to the weak sense of service in Chinese banks.
"Globally, places have weak traditional financial systems, and mobile payments and other non-cash payments are more developed," he said.
"For example, Kenya also has a high popularity of mobile payments."
The popularity of digital payments, however, has a potential risk in data privacy and financial security. To combat this, the Chinese government has issued regulations.
Ye Wentian, a researcher at the Ant Financial Business School, reminded users to refrain from scanning QR codes from unknown sources, which might be inset with viruses.
He added people should raise awareness of fraudulence, such as refund claims asking users to transfer or scan QR codes.
Pat Robertson 10 offensively terrible dating tips from the religious right Who'd have thought Pat Robertson's ideas about sex and relationships are totally backward. Oh right, everyone
We may have survived yet another war on Christmas. But we must remain vigilant. For the very same secularist, Muslim, homosexualist, communist, atheist freedom-haters who try to take the Christ out of Christmas (and put the melanin into Santa and Jesus) are attacking the very nexus of our entire 2,000-year-old (give or take) Earth: the relationship between man and wife. But have no fear. Below are some handy and holy tips on love, relationships, dating and marriage, which allow you to please yourself (not that way), your mate and your Lord.
1. Girls: Shut up. Justin Lookadoo (how sexy is that name!) is a faith-based dating coach, motivational speaker and former juvenile probation officer (killer combo). His books include "Dateable: Are You? Are They?," "The Dateable Rules" and "The Dirt on Sex." Lookadoo's website offers the following gems:
Advertisement:
“Dateable girls know how to shut up. They don't monopolize the conversation. They don't tell everyone everything about themselves.”
Shutting up also prevents girls from doing undateable things like asking boys out.
“God made guys as leaders. Dateable girls get that and let him do guy things, get a door, open a ketchup bottle [never thought of that one]. They... let guys be guys. Which means they don't ask him out!!!!!”
Also, a dateable girl "isn't Miss independent."
2. Boys: Be wild, but godly, and cover up your ladies. Lookadoo says dateable boys "bring God into it." But that's more fun than it sounds, since "men of God are wild, not domesticated. Dateable guys aren't tamed." But that doesn't mean being too wild: God's dateable guys know "porn is bad for the spirit and the mind. They keep women covered up."
3. Share an eating disorder. The Christian Broadcast Network has some (101, to be exact) ideas for " Creative Dates." A few of my favorites are nutrition-related: “Make up a fun diet together,” or “Eat creatively one whole day for $1.18.”
4. Engage in strange, antisocial and alienating behavior. Among the CBN's date ideas are, why not "Kidnap a friend for breakfast ... visit the library and ask the librarian a bizarre question ... develop a new laugh together ... survey the neighborhood with a self-made, bizarre questionnaire ... go to the airport and watch people ... run your own neighborhood day camp for one day."
5. Pretend to be senior citizens. The 101 dating tips above are so fun you'll probably run through them in no time. But don't despair. Focus on the Family has even more great suggestions, including, “Date like you're from the generation older or younger than you actually are. Eat ice cream cones and rollerblade in the park for a date fit for teenagers. If you prefer senior-style fun, eat applesauce, play bingo and watch a black-and-white movie.” While you're at it, rock some Depends on underwear, blast Fox News, and complain about having to keep up with the latest terms for black people.
6. Transcribe the Bible together. If you want to bring religion directly into your date, try out the following Focus on the Family idea: "Find a flat piece of scrap wood and use a permanent marker to write out your favorite Bible verses. Take it to a nearby beach, river or lake and toss it in the water. This may be of great encouragement to whoever finds it later on." Fun for you, fun for your date, and totally creepy for the random person who finds it! What's not to like?
Advertisement:
7. Wives: Keep the devil out by submitting. Karen Blake, the author of "Do You Hear the Battle Cry? An Essential Handbook for the Wives of Christian Men," has a lot to say about marriage. The bad news is that, "Satan is out to kill your marriage and destroy your ministry." (But we already knew that.) The good news is that "God has given you the tools to defeat him." One of the best Satan-defeating tools is submission: "The devil has worked for centuries to set up a world system that says a strong woman must never submit to a man. It says, "Submission means getting walked on." God clearly commands, "Wives, be subject—be submissive and adapt yourselves—to your own husbands" (Eph. 5:22, Amplified)." As usual, Michele Bachmann is right.
8. Put out so your husband behaves. In her Christian.com-published book "No More Headaches: Enjoying Sex & Intimacy in Marriage," Julianna Slattery offers some great tips on how women can help their helpless husbands resist temptation. Take the story of Sheila and Mark:
“While Sheila seemed content to put their sexual relationship on hold for the time being, Mark responded by initiating more frequently. If he was a deer panting for water, she was a camel who seemed capable of walking through the desert for months at a time without a water break. [powerful imagery!] Over time, Mark began to direct his sexual needs through masturbation and light pornography. A few nights a week, he would stay up late, surfing channels, hoping to catch a glimpse of something sexual. The guilt and shame he felt only intensified the rift of intimacy in their marriage.... More than anything else, he longed to be pure, to share his sexuality only with Sheila. But life was too busy, his desire too strong, his will too weak, and the gulf between them too great. Like Mark, your husband depends on you to be his partner in his battle against sexual temptation.... you are a key component in his victory. You're the only woman in the world whom your husband can look at sexually without compromising his integrity!”
9. Dump your Muslim girlfriend. Pat Robertson has much good advice for relationships. A Christian (duh) viewer of Pat Robertson's 700 Club asked the holy host if he should marry his Muslim girlfriend of three years. Pat's answer: “No way.... She wants to do her Muslim thing....Walk away.” Worried that walking out on a girlfriend isn't the Christian thing to do? Don't worry. It totally is. Robertson explains, Christ is “not gentle Jesus, meek and mild, he really isn't.” Like so many men, Jesus Christ is merely misunderstood.
10. Stay married to your husband who sexually abuses your kids. In her surprisingly not very forward-thinking book, "Created to Be His Help Meet: Discover How God Can Make Your Marriage Glorious," Debi Pearl literally tells women to stay with their abusive husbands:
Advertisement:
“But if your husband has sexually molested the children, you should approach him with it. If he is truly repentant (not just exposed) and is willing to seek counseling, you may feel comfortable giving him an opportunity to prove himself…. Stick by him, but testify against him in court. Have him do about 10 to 20 years, and by the time he gets out, you will have raised the kids, and you can be waiting for him with open arms of forgiveness and restitution. Will this glorify God? Forever. You ask, “What if he doesn't repent even then?” Then you will be rewarded in heaven equal to the martyrs, and God will have something to rub in the Devil's face. God hates divorce — always, forever, regardless, without exception.”
God totally hates divorce. But he hearts abuse!
Human Compulsions Among the Stars
What are the odds for survival of a technological society? We don't know yet, having but one example to work with, but it's interesting to speculate, as Ray Villard does in a recent online post, about the kinds of intelligence that may evolve in the universe. All too often we equate technology with intelligence, which may skew our view of projects like SETI. Energized by the American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in San Diego last week, Villard is thinking that intelligent life may have appeared on our planet not once but twice, and one of those life-forms is never going to be found by listening to radio wavelengths.
The case for cetaceans seems strong. Here's Villard on the matter:
Physiologically, dolphins have a brain architecture and brain mass-to-body mass ratio that is closer to that of humans than for any other species on Earth. Many years of experiments on captive dolphins show that they are self-aware, have a sense of self-identity, do detailed problem-solving, interpret symbolic language, and exhibit empathy. Dolphins form complex societies with groups segregated by sex and age, alliances, and conduct long-term nurturing of the young.
And whereas apes and humans appear closely in evolutionary time, cetaceans do not, making the case for independent emergence of a far different kind of intelligence than humans possess, one adapted for life in the ocean. The argument is interesting on its own merits because the emergence of dolphins and whales as self-aware beings implies that evolution has established two different routes to intelligent life on the same planet. That would make a strong case that self-awareness is a common feature on any planets where complex life-forms establish themselves, and would seem to bode well for extraterrestrial civilizations.
SETI, of course, is quite another matter. A world populated only by dolphins and whales is not one that is going to be sending strong beacon signals at 1420 MHz to nearby worlds. The Fermi paradox? Maybe the ‘where are they' question is answered by the thought that they're on many nearby worlds, but don't necessarily have the technological means to tell us so. Villard goes a step farther still and asks whether creatures that do develop technologies aren't the most hubristic, the builders of guns, cars and refrigerators also being capable of creating thermonuclear devices and bacteriological weapons to destroy themselves.
At the AAAS meeting, Seth Shostak opined that we would have an interstellar greeting from another civilization within the next twenty-five years. He bases this on the fact that we're reaching so many stars now that within two years, we'll have surveyed as many stars as we did in the past fifty years, since Frank Drake first fired up Project Ozma to listen to Epsilon Eridani and Tau Ceti. Villard notes that this exponential rise offers the best chance for success when it reaches the top of the slope and begins to flatten out. He quotes Shostak as saying “If we don't have a detection by the year 2035 then something is wrong with our fundamental assumptions.”
But our fundamental assumptions are constantly being challenged with every new discovery in planetary science and astrophysics. Why should SETI be any different? The possibility of intelligence evolving in such a way that it has no technology seems clearly demonstrated here on Earth. But we should also be asking whether even technological societies necessarily have the same urge to communicate that seems to drive us. Is reaching out across the stars a fundamental impulse of intelligent life, or is it a trait of our species alone, and if the latter, what is the impulse behind it? If we can't assume alien civilizations will share our technologies, neither should we assume they would share our compulsions. A lack of SETI success by 2035 may simply tell us that the quest for knowledge of the wider universe may be a human philosophical quirk.
The X 4 is an antiaircraft rocket designed by the Germans to be launched from planes. It was manufactured and reported to have been successfully tested, but never reached the point of combat operation. It is a wire-controlled, rocket-propelled, fin-stabilized missile fitted with a proximity fuzed warhead. The propulsion system is a bi-fuel rocket. Stabilization is achieved by means of four large fins fitted to the body of the rocket, and four smaller fins fitted to the tail. The smaller fins bear solenoid-operated control surfaces through which two-dimensional directional control is achieved. These are operated from the parent aircraft by means of a control unit and two insulated wires leading to the rocket. These wires are about 3 3/4 miles long.
Precise information about the warhead and fuzing system has not so far been recovered. The warhead consists of an uncased moulded grain of dinitroglycol-based explosive which depends on high blast effect. The fuze is a combination of acoustic proximity, impact, and self-destroying type. The proximity feature is functioned by aircraft propeller noises and a delay of 1/50-second is provided to enable the missile to approach the target after the acoustic impulse initiates the fuze. The body of the rocket houses the helical aluminum tube fuel tanks and combined two-compartment steel air bottle. The venturi protrudes from the tail portion. The rocket is made to rotate about its axis at the rate of one rotation per second. This permits stabilization in line of flight by a single gyro. The missile is carried on the parent aircraft on a conventional bomb carrier modified for this special purpose
SPECIFICATIONS*
Length (overall) 200 cm (6 ft., 6 3/4 ins.) Length of warhead 45 cm (1 ft., 5 3/4 ins.) Diameter of warhead (at base) 22 cm (8.675 ins.) Total weight before launching 60 kg. (132.3 lbs.) Weight of warhead 20 kg. (44.1 lbs.) Fuel 4.5 liters (approx.) 98-100% nitric acid 2 liters (approx.) 57% crude m-xylidine 43% triethylamine Thrust Initial 270 lbs. to 315 lbs. falling off progressively to 45 to 68 lbs. after 30 seconds.
*Not verified.
German: p. 375 (August 1, 1945)
One of the authors of a key piece of NSA reform sympathized with certain critics of the legislation on Tuesday, and admitted that the bill doesn't address key areas of surveillance abuse.
Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) pledged, however, that that reformers would try to fix some of the bill's shortcomings next month using the power of the purse.
“There are some criticisms of the USA Freedom Act that it doesn't go far enough—criticisms that's I'd agree with,” Rep. Nadler (D-N.Y.) said Tuesday morning, on CSPAN's Washington Journal.
“But we'll get another chance,” he noted, referring to ”appropriations bills coming up next month.”
One of the security state's authorities that Nadler singled out as in need of revisions not provided by the USA Freedom Act was Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden revealed that the law permitted the agency to scoop up internet communications of foreign individuals—a task that inevitably results in the collection of sensitive information about Americans' social networks, as well.
“We ought to rein that in somewhat and control it,” he said.
The annual Department of Defense spending bill will be marked up in a closed Appropriations subcommittee session on Wednesday. It will then move, along with other appropriations bills, to the House floor for a full vote, most likely in June—after the current kerfuffle over the USA Freedom Act and expiring PATRIOT Act provisions has been settled (assuming that there is neither a short-term reauthorization nor total inaction).
In previous years, NSA reformers have used the defense spending bill as a means to codify new restrictions on the NSA.
An effort by Reps. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) and James Conyers (D-Mich.) in 2013 to cut funding to the agency's telephone metadata collection program was defeated by a slim margin.
The following year, reformers in the House succeeded in advancing an amendment to the defense spending bill that would have barred the NSA from searching its foreign intelligence surveillance databases for communications involving to American citizens. The measure, sponsored by Reps. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.), Tom Massie (R-Ky.), Rush Holt (D-N.J.), and Ted Poe (R-Texas) passed the House overwhelmingly last June, but the policy rider was stripped out of the budget at the end of the year, during an annual fiscal legislative process known in 2014 as the “Cromnibus.”
Despite the criticism he leveled at his own legislation being insufficient, Nadler testified before the House Rules Committee the night before the USA Freedom Act was passed by the House 338-88, and advocated for the important parliamentary panel to bar the full vote from considering amendments.
“Make sure that the carefully negotiated agreement that has broad support on both sides of this house is maintained,” Rep. Nadler told the Committee.
Just how far reformers may go to exploit the appropriations process to tie up the NSA will depend on what the Senate does with the House-passed bill. .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) placed the legislation on the Senate calendar this week, meaning the upper chamber could vote on it before Congress' Memorial Day recess. The break runs past the June 1 expiration date for PATRIOT Act surveillance authorities.
McConnell has also scheduled a “clean” PATRIOT Act reauthorization vote, despite vows to attempt to filibuster any such move by Sens. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) and Rand Paul (R-Ky.).
With the Queen's visit in the summer and a new Governor-General taking office this fall, the much-misunderstood Canadian institution of the monarchy is once again receiving public attention. Republicans and monarchists are back at their old debate, the former denouncing the Crown as a wasteful remnant of a colonial past, the latter applauding it as the epitome of dignity and tradition.
As a daughter of the late constitutional expert Senator Eugene Forsey, my own take on the Crown in Canada is rather different.
My father's lifelong attachment to the monarchy did, I admit, puzzle and even mildly irritate me for years. With his radical views on so many things, why would he cling so tenaciously to some quaint relic of a feudal age? Why would he, as a progressive Canadian nationalist, remain so obstinately loyal to a British institution, especially one which seemed to symbolize not only arbitrary political authority, but social and economic hierarchy as well?
As usual, though, when I delved further into this apparent contradiction in his thinking, it began to dissolve before my eyes. It wasn't that Dad liked everything about the monarchy. Even back in the 1930s, he publicly agreed with his friend Frank Underhill's condemnation of the "irrational mystical attitude" that some people had towards the Crown. I'm sure he would have been more than glad to see major reductions in royal wealth and the complete elimination of the hanky-panky now so often associated with the Royal Family. But he knew that none of those things was essential to the monarchy itself, and he was never one to throw out the baby with the bathwater.
For him, the essence of the monarchy was its impartial representation of the common interests of the citizenry as a whole, as opposed to those of any particular government. He explained the importance of the Crown as a permanent and impartial entity in our democratic system, transcending the temporary and the partisan. In that context, the trappings which make the monarchy such an easy target – feudal custom, aristocracy, wealth, and trans-Atlantic geography – are all irrelevant.
"Responsible government means not only responsibility to Parliament or to the electorate," Dad wrote, "but also responsibility for the interests of the nation as a whole." Those interests, he stated, are represented by the Crown, "the symbolic embodiment of the people – not a particular group or interest or party, but the people, the whole people."
It was the constitutional crisis of 1926, when my father was still a university student, that really got him hooked on the intricacies of the Crown's constitutional role. Mackenzie King's fragile Liberal minority government was facing defeat in the House of Commons on an Opposition motion of censure. But before the critical vote could take place, Prime Minister King took the unprecedented step of asking the Governor-General, Lord Byng, to dissolve Parliament and call a fresh election.
Dad described King's request for a dissolution as "utterly unprecedented and subversive of Parliamentary government.
"Parliament showed signs of deciding against [King]," he wrote, "so he tried to prevent it from deciding at all. It was tantamount to allow a prisoner to discharge the jury by which he was being tried... If the Governor-General had granted the request, he would have become an accomplice in a flagrant act of contempt for Parliament."
Lord Byng refused the requested dissolution for exactly those reasons, insisting that the existing elected House must be allowed to decide if it could function with an alternative government. King resigned, and Conservative Opposition Leader Arthur Meighen became Prime Minister.
In the heated controversy that followed, King claimed the Governor-General had no right to refuse to dissolve Parliament. King maintained that the Crown was, in effect, merely a rubber stamp which must grant whatever request the government might make. Meighen, on the other hand, denounced King's demand for dissolution as a shameless attempt to hang onto power and avoid imminent defeat by the people's elected representatives. My father was adamant that Meighen was correct, and that Byng's refusal was not only "completely constitutional, [but] indeed essential to the preservation of parliamentary government.”
If this sounds rather familiar, so it should. In December 2008, Stephen Harper managed to persuade Governor-General Michaelle Jean to prorogue the recently elected Parliament before it could pronounce judgment on his government in a confidence motion. It had been 82 years since Canadians had been subjected to such flagrantly subversive behaviour by a Prime Minister, and this time, shamefully, it succeeded. If my father were still alive, his denunciations would have been ringing from the rooftops.
* * *
The inherent complexity and subtlety of this type of constitutional situation can make it hard for the general public to fully grasp the implications. That confusion gives an unscrupulous government plenty of opportunity to oversimplify and misrepresent, making much of the alleged conflict between popular democracy – supposedly embodied in the Prime Minister – and the constitutional mechanisms at the heart of responsible government, notably the "reserve powers" of the Crown, which gets portrayed as illegitimate.
What then gets ignored is the fact that the role of the unelected head of state is constitutional, not political. The Queen and her representatives do not make political decisions; they simply ensure that the elected members in the House of Commons and the legislatures are allowed to make those decisions.
As I have pointed out previously in these pages, the rarely used "reserve powers" of the Crown constitute an essential safeguard against the risk that a government in power could try to defy the will of the people's elected representatives in Parliament. And there is good reason why those reserve powers are so seldom used: except for Mackenzie King and Stephen Harper, no Canadian Prime Minister has ever had the gall to attempt such a flagrant subversion of our democracy.
In the King-Byng affair, Mackenzie King's crude and cynical appeal to the politically unsophisticated succeeded in hoodwinking enough electors to put him back in office soon afterwards. He was still touting himself as the democratic hero of 1926 when my father published his Ph.D. thesis, The Royal Power of Dissolution of Parliament in the British Commonwealth in 1943.
Dad's book was a scholarly and devastating denunciation of King's machinations 17 years earlier, and it turned Prime Minister King's protestations of injured innocence upside down. In the book, and in lively exchanges in the newspapers, Dad cited constitutional chapter and verse to argue that, if a government could have Parliament shut down whenever there was a risk that the Commons might vote against it, then parliamentary democracy itself was dead.
For the first but certainly not the last time in his career, Eugene Forsey had taken an apparently obscure and technical constitutional issue and exposed it to the public as a matter of crucial importance for democracy. Using the pro-government press itself as a vehicle, he had demystified the King-Byng affair and shown its relevance to the freedoms ordinary people counted on.
Dad also rejected the notion of the monarchy as a foreign relic of colonial times. For him, the title "Queen of Canada" was an accurate designation for an institution that had evolved throughout our history to be anything but foreign. The Crown, he said, "stands for a Canadianism which, while utterly loyal to Canada, looks beyond Canada. It reminds us that nationalism is not enough." As "Queen of a world-wide Commonwealth," the sovereign represents the rights and interests of people across the globe – an important element for anyone wary of narrow chauvinism.
First Nations, too, have long understood the crucial importance of the Crown's role as the highest and most permanent representation of our national collectivity. The framework of equality and respect that should govern the relations among our peoples was defined centuries ago in wampum belts and other treaties between Aboriginal leaders and the Crown. It is time that Canadians learned to understand and honour the significance of good-faith agreements made by the Crown in our name.
In regard to the constitutional aspect of the monarchy, the prorogations of 2008 and 2009 have re-awakened many Canadians to the central role of the Crown in protecting our democracy. As Dad made abundantly clear, only the Crown can stop a rogue Prime Minister from overriding the will of our elected Members of Parliament. Only the Crown can ensure that the House of Commons be allowed to perform its "most essential function" – that of deciding who should govern.
My father was acutely aware of the sensitivity and complexity of the Crown's responsibility for upholding constitutional principles. He pointed out that, as "the indispensable centre of the whole parliamentary democratic order, the guardian of the Constitution, ultimately the sole protection of the people," the Crown must remain strictly neutral in political terms. That is why he insisted that the Governor-General and Lieutenant-Governors stay permanently aloof from partisan politics. Only by remaining utterly impartial can they hope to fulfill such a delicate and important role.
This is always a key issue with any new vice-regal appointee. It is heartening that our incoming Governor-General, David Johnston, has so much of the expertise in law and public affairs that my father looked for in such an appointment. Johnston will not be easily led by the blandishments of "experts" with inadequate understanding of our Constitition. The only question is whether he could be led by political considerations.
Even the most laudable political motives, such as those attributed to Mme Jean when she agreed to the 2008 prorogation, have no place in the Crown's decisions on the use of its reserve powers. The Queen's representative must not be swayed by any kind of political consideration – not by opinion polls, not by public pressure, not by the likelihood or otherwise of particular political consequences. Those things are for the people's elected representatives in Parliament to consider and decide. All the Governor-General can do is ensure that the democratic process is not sabotaged by what my father referred to as the "jacks-in-office."
The role of Governor-General and Lieutenant-Governor is not a political role at all. It transcends politics. Their job is to ensure that the political process remains intact and is allowed to function. I hope that, in this most important aspect, David Johnston will provide a shining example of the vice-regal office, and that Canadians will accord him the respect his very special role deserves.
Eugene Forsey's stubborn monarchism, then, was much more than an attachment to tradition, much more than just a question of not fixing what ain't broke. It expressed his wholly rational commitment to preserving both the democratic values and the practical advantages of the Canadian Constitution, in which the monarchy plays a quiet but vital part.
----
(Writer and activist Helen Forsey is the daughter of the late Senator and constitutional expert Eugene Forsey. This article is adapted from the manuscript of her upcoming book on her father's legacy, to be published next spring by Blue Butterfly Books.)
Three people were wounded in two separate incidents of gunfire Thursday afternoon in Birmingham.
A male and a female were found shot inside a car outside the BP gas station on Montevallo Road Southwest.
West Precinct Sgt. Matthew Self said the female victim was sitting inside the vehicle at the gas pumps while her boyfriend went inside the store. As he was leaving the store and headed back to his car, another man came up and opened fire.
The victim returned fire. It wasn't immediately clear whether the suspect was hit. The suspect fled the scene in his vehicle heading northbound on Montevallo Road.
With at least three dozen shots fired, the gunfire pelted the Toyota Camry that the wounded couple was in, and left shell casings scattered all over the roadway. Self said the female victim was shot in the back; the male in the leg. Both were taken to UAB Hospital with injuries that aren't believed to be life-threatening.
"She was in a lot of pain,'' Self said of the female victim.
Police were talking to witnesses and planning to view store surveillance camera footage. "There were a lot of people in the parking lot,'' Self said. Officers were also taking reports from at least two motorists who said their vehicles were hit by the gunfire.
No arrests have been made.
Just moments earlier, police responded to the 800 block of Center Street North, also on a report of a shooting. When they arrived on the scene, the victim was sitting on the front porch of his mother's apartment bleeding from the knee.
He told police he was at the corner store - Freshland Super Market - when the store owner fired a shot into the floor. The bullet ricocheted and struck him in the knee. He fled the scene to his mother's nearby apartment.
Police said the store owner said four young men came into the store, one of them possibly armed. Believing he was about to be robbed, he fired the warning shot into the floor. The teens fled the scene.
That incident remains under investigation. Paramedics checked out the victim, but did not take him to the hospital.
Happy beginning of the week to everyone! I happened to drop into the recording studio of ICRT, Taiwan's biggest English radio station, for a quick interview a few weeks ago. The full length podcast is out, and it's also available through iTunes. Check out the full length interview here!
This was for the “Taiwan Talk” program, a weekly program that discusses a certain aspect of finance, business, culture, politics, or the arts on the island. Full disclosure, I was incredibly nervous and talked a mile a minute, so apologies if my speed was too fast! Bonus picture at the end: a fan that Zongheng gifted me with when I visited them during a trip to Beijing earlier this summer.
PS. We have a media page that's collected some of our other bits and pieces too! Plus staff social media!
ATHENS — Maurice Smith, a defensive back who is set to graduate from Alabama this month, wants to transfer to Georgia, where he would be eligible to play this season. But Smith's mother said the potential move is being blocked by Alabama head coach Nick Saban.
“He wants to go to Georgia. Period,” Samyra Smith said on Tuesday night. “That's where he wants to go.”
Samyra Smith said she met on Tuesday with Saban in his office in Tuscaloosa. Smith drove from Houston, Texas, on Tuesday morning for the meeting, which did not result in a resolution.
“The university is continuing to be resistant to any request to release my son. That's where we are,” Samyra Smith said. “In (Saban's) mind, the best decision is for him to stay here. And he doesn't think anything other than that is best for the kid.”
Alabama begins practice on Thursday. Georgia began practice on Monday. Smith is due to graduate on Saturday. As a graduate student, Smith would be eligible to play immediately, but must receive a release from the former school.
For some time now there has been a fight behind the scenes over Smith, and it's now in the open, in a way pitting new Georgia head coach Kirby Smart against his mentor, Saban.
Smith and his family have gone through what his mother referred to as an appeal, a hearing, and a written request to be released to Georgia. She said her son has only had limited contact with Smart and defensive coordinator Mel Tucker, who were both at Alabama last year.
Smith was Alabama's first team nickel-back during the spring. He was a backup defensive back the past few years, but played extensively on special teams, finishing last season with 15 tackles and a sack.
Smith, listed in last year's media guide at 6-foot and 195 pounds, is from Sugar Land, Texas. He was a consensus four-star prospect coming out of high school, and played in the Under Armour All-American game.
When Smith initially decided to leave Alabama, according to his mother, his first choice was Baylor. It was closer to home and he knew the secondary coach there.
But then the scandal at Baylor broke out, and Smith turned his attention to Georgia, where Smart and Tucker were. But Alabama has continued to decline to agree on a move anywhere within the SEC, and in her mind has delayed the process in an effort to keep him at Alabama.
“They're being difficult. Intentionally,” Samyra Smith said. “It's his choice. It should be his choice, if he wants to leave here, he should be able to do that. ….
“He wants to go where he feels like he'll have the level of success he wants to have. It may work, it may not. But it should be his choice.”
Earlier this year, Alabama did not put a block on Chris Black, who graduated from Alabama and transferred to Missouri, another SEC school.
“So what is it, is it really about my son, or is it about Kirby Smart and Nick Saban? I don't know what it is” Samyra Smith said. “You just had a player leave, Chris Black, and he's at an SEC school, Mizzou. So don't tell me it's about a violation of rules, I can read you the rules, I understand them well. It's not a violation of rules or else the SEC would've stopped it, the commissioner would've stopped it. But it's allowed.
“So you make the choice about what's best for the child, if you truly care about the kid. Because knowing he's not happy here, the next-best option for him is going to a program where he's the most comfortable, where he can have a level of success that he believes he can have.”
An Alabama spokesman did not immediately have a response when contacted by SEC Country on Tuesday night. Last month Saban was asked about the situation at SEC media days.
“Maurice Smith has been a good player on our team,” Saban said. “He's a good person, and he would be a significant contributor to our team this year if he decided to stay at Alabama. … We have told him, ‘Because we support the SEC rule, it would not be in your best interest to have to sit out. If you want to go some place else (outside the SEC), we'd be glad to help you do that.'”
The SEC's rule on in-conference transfers is the same for graduate transfers as it is for regular ones.
The situation is an interesting turn in Alabama-Georgia relationship, given Smart serving under Saban the past nine years.And earlier this year Smart put a block on a player, A.J. Turman, from transferring to other SEC schools as well as Miami. (Turman did not want to go to Miami, but Smart said he wanted to set a precedent that players couldn't follow former head coach Mark Richt to the Hurricanes.)
Smart probably cannot comment specifically on Smith, per NCAA recruiting rules, but if he wanted to speak generally, his next scheduled availability isn't until Saturday morning.
Richard "Pedie" Perez (KGO-TV)
Family members plan to sue the police officer who shot an unarmed 24-year-old California man last week outside a liquor store.
Richard “Pedie” Perez was shot to death Sept. 14 by Richmond police Officer Wallace Jensen after he refused to show his identification.
A clerk called police to report that Perez, who had been drinking earlier in the evening at a party, had gone behind the counter and grabbed a bottle of Hennessy cognac without paying.
Police said Perez was drunk and belligerent outside Uncle Sam's Liquor Store when the officer asked him to sit down for a records check, but he refused and then attacked him.
The two men rolled around on the ground during a struggle that lasted about one minute, and Jensen said Perez grabbed one of his hands and tried to reach his holstered gun.
“The physically exhausted officer, fearing the suspect would overpower him and get his gun, fired three shots at the suspect, striking him in the chest,” said Police Chief Chris Magnus.
Perez died from his wounds, and an autopsy showed he was facing the officer when he was shot three times in the upper torso.
Police said at least one independent witness can back the officer's claims, but Perez's family said other witnesses dispute the police account.
“Everyone has said consistently said that he did not reach for the officer's gun and the officer stepped back five feet away and emptied five shots into his young body,” said civil rights attorney John Burris.
Police and prosecutors are still interviewing witnesses and reviewing surveillance video from the incident.
“The most damnable aspect of this to me, is this claim that he reached for the officer's gun as a basis to justify the shooting,” Burris said. “That is a bold-faced lie.”
Jensen, a six-year veteran who is a trained crisis negotiator, was placed on paid administrative leave.
Perez frequented the liquor store and often bought alcohol or cigarettes for homeless people and others without money, relatives said.
“He hung around with so many different people that we thought he might get in trouble with them and get shot up that way, instead of by one of our finest,” said his father, Richard Pedro Perez Jr. “Kids out here are getting shot up all the time just by drive-bys and stuff. So that was a concern, but he had a good relationship with everybody.”
Perez was arrested Aug. 18 for firing his father's handgun at the family's recycling yard and charged with firing a handgun in city limits in a grossly negligent manner.
He was also questioned by police about a drive-by shooting attempt aimed at an acquaintance, but he denied any knowledge in the case.
Perez was arrested Sept. 12 on drunken-driving charges while sitting in a truck parked in front of the recycling lot and was released from jail the morning he was shot to death.
“I think part of the reason he was depressed that night was because he got another one [DUI] right here in front of the yard,” his father said.
Perez's family intends to file a wrongful death lawsuit against Jensen and the city of Richmond, and Burris plans to ask the Contra Costa District Attorney's Office to prosecute the officer.
“He's only guilty of one thing that night — and that was being intoxicated,” his father said.
Watch this video report posted online by KGO-TV:
Senate Republicans will move forward with a vote to begin debate on a health care bill Tuesday afternoon, but many observers — and even the senators themselves — are confused about which version of the bill Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will actually bring to the floor.
You can watch live on Facebook shortly after 2 pm EDT.
There is an added layer of drama as reports emerged late Monday night that Sen. John McCain, who has been in the hospital in Arizona with a blood clot and recent diagnosis of a form of brain cancer, will return to Washington today. Republicans had been short of the 50 votes needed to proceed without him.
What is going to the floor?
The Senate is currently working with two versions of a health care bill: the Better Care Reconciliation Act — a version of the House bill that would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act — and the Obamacare Repeal Reconciliation Act, which would repeal first and delay replacement by two years. The Congressional Budget Office has projected if the BCRA passes, 22 million people would lose coverage, and if the ORRA is passed, 32 million people would lose coverage.
As Vox's Dylan Scott explains, there are actually two critical votes that could happen: the “motion to proceed,” which opens up Senate floor debate, and, after that, a vote on one or both of the Senate bills.
How will the vote work?
McConnell needs at least 50 votes to pass his health care agenda. The GOP has a narrow majority in the Senate (52 seats) and is facing a united Democratic Party, laser-focused on ending the Republican effort to undermine Obamacare. With McCain's surprising return to Washington, McConnell has a slightly better chance of pushing something through. McCain has said publicly that he would vote to advance the bill, though he has been critical of the process in passing the bill.
Senate leaders were planning to rely on a reconciliation strategy, which only requires a simple majority of 51 votes instead of the usual 60 needed for legislation with a budgetary element to be approved. Any amendments to the bill must also survive the Byrd Rule once debate begins, and many of the ideas to bring senators on board may not.
The Senate parliamentarian declared on Friday that certain aspects of the BCRA, including Planned Parenthood defunding and restrictions on abortion coverage, would still require that 60-vote approval. Leadership is looking at other options for preserving these provisions in the final bill.
If the motion to proceed goes through, the Senate would debate the legislation on the floor for 20 hours, with that time divided evenly between Republicans and Democrats. As Scott points out, “that's 20 hours of debate time, not real time, so the debate could last a couple of days.”
After that debate period, there would be what's called a “vote-a-rama,” where senators can offer unlimited amendments on the bill, which then needs 51 votes to clear. Some Republican senators have said they intend to vote the bill into debate despite not knowing exactly what it contains.
Who are the major players?
Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME), a centrist, is most likely a “no” on this bill. She's objected to past iterations of the proposal on the grounds that it doesn't cover enough people and includes harsh Medicaid cuts that would harm her most vulnerable constituents. She appeared on Face the Nation Sunday saying of this vote, “I don't think that's a good approach to facing legislation that affects millions of people and one-sixth of our economy.”
Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) is also reportedly a “no,” which, until McCain's return, seemed to be enough to stop the bill from advancing. Paul's reasoning, however, is that the bill doesn't go far enough to dismantle the Affordable Care Act.
With McCain back in the chamber, dissent from both Sens. Collins and Paul wouldn't be enough to kill the effort; however, there are other voices that could add nails to the coffin. Sen. Mike Lee (R-UT) takes issue with an amendment by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) that allows non-Obamacare plans to leak back into the market, and Sen. Jerry Moran (R-KS) has previously expressed his distaste for the BCRA. Sens. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK), Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), and Rob Portman (R-OH) have also spoken out against the Medicaid cuts.
How to watch:
Time: The vote will be taken Tuesday reportedly around 2:30 pm on the Senate floor, following a closed-door meeting at 12:45 pm.
Live stream: Vox video on Facebook
In an emoji-filled tweet, new White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci suggested Monday that daily press briefings will soon be back on camera.
“The TV Cameras are back on,” Scaramucci tweeted Monday.
The White House briefings for weeks have been held off-camera, aggravating reporters used to sparring with the press secretary or deputy press secretary in a live, televised setting.
An exception to this trend was last Friday, when the White House held its first on-camera briefing in nearly a month on Friday -- to announce Press Secretary Sean Spicer's resignation, Sarah Huckabee Sanders' promotion to the post and Scaramucci's hiring.
The last on-camera press briefing before last week was June 29.
During the briefing on Friday, Scaramucci did not specifically commit to “regular” on-camera press briefings.
“The answer is we may,” Scaramucci said. “I have to talk to the president about that. I like consulting with the president before I make decisions like that.”
Adding to reporters' frustration was the fact that recent off-camera gaggles have come with restrictions on the use of audio and video.
At first, it sounds like an unresolvable contradiction: a meal that will set you back $75, and which consists almost entirely of garbage.
It begins to make sense, though, once you begin to consider how much of what we see as disposable actually has value. Or can have value, in the hands of the right person. Stepping up to the challenge is Dan Barber, the chef and co-owner of Manhattan's Blue Hill, who transformed the high-end restaurant, for two weeks only, into wastED, a pop-up experiment that just might change the way we think about food waste.
Advertisement:
I first spoke with Barber before the release, last year, of "The Third Plate," his nearly 500-page attempt to push the farm-to-table movement even further, into a full-fledged food revolution. It was through his research for the book, Barber recently told me, that he made the connection that led to wastED. The history of diet and cuisine, he realized, is based on preventing waste: "You couldn't afford waste when these recipes and expectations for meals were being developed; you didn't have the luxury of waste," Barber explained. It's a principle, though, that's been lost in our modern way of eating.
"Waste, in so many ways, is the American experience," he said. "It's the American diet."
If that's the case, then the meal I enjoyed this past weekend at wastED was the most exotic I've ever had.
Here I should note that I attended WastED, on Barber's invitation, in order to better understand the project -- and not in the capacity of a food reviewer. To be honest, I wouldn't know the first thing about doing that — although, an actual food reviewer who was sitting next to me at the bar (and who seemed to enjoy his experience) told me it's easier than I think: All you have to do, he said, is say whether the food tasted good or not.
Well, I can say it did. Well, it mostly did. Better, perhaps, to say it was never boring.
That was to be expected from the moment I saw WastEd's menu, which comes complete with its own glossary. I learned, before putting anything into my mouth, that there's edible grain left over from the brewing and distilling process; that "unlaid eggs...are sometimes discovered in the oviducts of slaughtered laying hens"; and that laying hens, which are slaughtered in old age, when their egg production slows, typically end up in pet food -- but can also be used to make a mean chicken soup.
Advertisement:
Even with the glossary's help, when I sat down at wastED last Saturday night I had a lot of questions about the menu. Had "last night's champagne" already gone flat? What is "Cornell drop-out squash"? And isn't there a reason that we don't eat some of this stuff in the first place?
(I'm looking at you, "unsellable offal cuts" from the neighborhood butcher shop.)
Well, here are the answers I got: The champagne is reduced into a cocktail syrup; the squash was rejected from a Cornell University seed trial; and, for the most part, there mostly isn't a reason -- it's just that no one's taken the time to figure out how to use this food.
So, despite a few reservations, I dug in. My feast included a "dumpster dive" salad salvaged from a large-scale food processor; bagels and lox made from the dark part of salmon, with seasonings scooped from the bottom of an bagel bin; fried skate-wing cartilage; a meaty fish collar; and, my absolute favorite, a burger crafted from the pulp left over from a cold-pressed juice shop.
Advertisement:
There was a moment of truth when I was forced to weigh the irony of leaving food on my plate against the obviously bad idea of scarfing down every last bite. But I still managed, somehow, to make room for dessert — panna cotta made with sake lees, courtesy of the night's guest chef, Dominique Ansel (of "cronut" fame). I washed it all down with cascara, a thick, hot tea made from the dried husks of coffee cherries (one of those things that definitely tasted interesting, if not necessarily good).
* * *
It could have been possible to pull back from the table and think: Sure, in the hands of a great chef, even skate-wing cartilage can be made appetizing. That specific ingredient, in fact, required not just culinary skill but a deep fryer, a delectable dipping sauce, and a cute little newspaper wrapping. (Barber was going for a variation on fish-and-chips.) And it was still a bit...strong.
Advertisement:
I didn't even try the broth made from the dark, oxidized outer layer of beef, which has a flavor Barber described to me as "not rancid...but not pleasant to eat." (That's why it's usually discarded when we cook steak.) I likewise skipped the meatloaf dish given the excruciatingly literal name "dog food," though I can imagine they wouldn't be an easy sell for someone without Barber's pedigree.
And yet Barber's wild creativity is based, often, on those long-standing traditions he claims Americans have moved away from. He put those culled laying hens to use, for example, in pot-au-feu, the classic French broth made from low-cost cuts of meat and cartilage -- also known, to many of us, as waste.
The economic argument could be a major selling point in helping to get people to try new (or forgotten) things, though that certainly wasn't reflected at wastED, where each dish cost $15. But most of that cost, Barber said, came from the extra labor needed to prepare them -- they hadn't been cleaned for retail sale -- and the distribution expense. And in both cases, he argued, the trumped-up prices were a function of the lack of demand for those ingredients. Nonetheless, there's certainly no lack of suppliers eager to sell leftover food items instead of tossing them: The fish distributors with the broken razor clams, the pasta chefs with the leftover trimmings, the cheese makers with whey to spare, Barber said, were happy to share their leftovers, which became, for him, an "untapped goldmine of free stuff." Many, he said, even described it as cathartic.
Advertisement:
Maybe, Barber suggested, the wastED project could begin to create that demand. "That's a tall order," he admitted, "but restaurants seem positioned more than ever to help shape trends."
Yet rethinking food waste, in Barber's grand vision, goes beyond embracing ugly vegetables and making use of every last scrap of meat. It requires, instead, the large-scale transformation of our food system. "When we have steak from a cow that's been fed corn, we could eat the entire thing -- you could even eat the bone of a Porterhouse -- and say we didn't waste anything," he explained. But in so doing, we'd be forgetting that the production of steak, itself, is incredibly wasteful, requiring enormous amounts of land, water and nitrogen fertilizer (and emitting an unsustainable amount of greenhouse gases.)
On wastEd's menu, that problem appeared in the form of "cow corn," or field corn, a different variety from the sweet corn we usually eat that happens to represent about 99 percent of all the corn grown in the U.S. "Everyone says it's inedible, but it's not," Barber insists -- you can eat it, just not in the way you typically consume corn. His solution: a cracker meant to be broken into his dry-aged beef ends soup. It's a culinary experience, but also an educational one: You should eat it, Barber said, and then start asking questions. Like, "Why are we feeding this corn to cows and not people?" And from there, perhaps, "Why couldn't we produce a lot more food if we started to look at these things differently?"
Homelessness is often equated with despair, and misery, and hopelessness. But maybe there is another side to this issue. Maybe, as crazy as it sounds, choosing to leave the comforts of home can be a liberating adventure.
An unusual group of people, including perpetual travelers, digital nomads, and long-distance hikers, often make the conscious decision to become “homeless.” This means giving up certainty about where they are going to sleep each night. Far from family and friends. Going to a favorite restaurant to order the usual isn't an option. The job that provides regular income is long gone. They see these challenges, and rather than follow the logical path, decide to plunge into the unknown.
I became one of these intentionally “homeless” people last year. I wanted (needed?) to hike the entire Appalachian Trail. For nearly 6 months, I lived off what I carried on my back and the generosity of others, many of whom I had never met before. In this new world, shaving was discouraged, every day was casual Friday, and the only rush-hour was a frenzied race to reach the All-You-Can-Eat before they switched to dinner prices. It was glorious.
The experience provided countless life lessons and other perks, many of which I didn't appreciate until months after completing the hike. Perhaps I didn't fully appreciate these life lessons from nature at the time because I was too close to the experience to have the right perspective. Either that, or I was too busy complaining about bugs, or an insatiable hunger, or an elusive mountain summit, or bugs.
I'm gonna blame the bugs.
However, now that I'm comfortably settled in my writing chair with a whiskey in arms reach and the A/C humming in the background, the lessons learned while hiking the Appalachian Trail waft around me with the undeniable clarity of well-crafted memes. I consider these lessons gifts. And I'd like to share a few with you.
I'm flexible, so long as everything is exactly the way I want it.
Before joining the ranks of homeless hikers, my need for control bordered on compulsive. As a surgeon, this was a valuable trait. I strived for absolute control in the operating room. All pertinent data about my patient was collected and memorized. Room temperature and lighting were carefully calibrated before each procedure. My team knew which instrument to deliver based on rehearsed gestures. EVERYTHING and everyone was sterile. There was even a specific playlist depending on the procedure I would be performing. This sampling of practices ensured optimal outcomes for the patient, and maximal stress for me (along with my poor team who had to endure hours of George Winston at a time).
That all changed once I hit the Trail.
When it rained, I got wet. When it snowed, I got wet, and cold. And when the stream I hiked 6 miles to reach was dry, I dehydrated. However, each mountain peak that cost so much sweat to reach was cause for celebration (maybe not the dozen false summits I passed on the way there). The bears and squirrels and wild flowers and the crisp breeze were wonderful demonstrations of life's power and beauty. I found some of the best sleep I've had in years on wooden platforms mushed between a dozen snoring, farting, smelly hikers I didn't know but would quickly become friends.
I had no control over any of this. For the first several weeks, it was infuriating. Once I recognized the futility of trying to control the uncontrollable, I began to relax. I hiked towards the unknown. And left the stress of trying to manage all of life's variables behind.
Altruism exists
I don't know where I learned it, but “you don't get something for nothing” was a maxim that stuck. I looked for the ulterior motive before accepting help from a friend, and I tried to avoid any situation that would force me to depend on anyone for anything.
This isn't possible for the homeless hiker. Whether it's a ride from the Trailhead into town for resupply and a much-needed shower, borrowing another hiker's water filter, or countless other circumstances beyond my control, I quickly realized that I couldn't make it without lots of help.
I could wrap my head around situations where I either reimbursed or bartered for the things I needed. But generosity from others, particularly strangers, who expected nothing in return amazed me. We call it Trail Magic and it's real. I recently wrote about childlike wonder and creativity as a kind of magic I wanted to believe in again but this is different.
Imagine piles of food and cold drinks left on the side of the Trail for hikers to enjoy. There's also a note asking us to call if supplies run low so it can be replaced. Or imagine a couple loading several mangy hikers into their new Mercedes for a ride to town. Instead of taking our donation, they pay for our meals after wishing us a great hike. Random acts of kindness like these and countless others eventually blunted my skepticism. In time, I hardly paused when a stranger offered to let a friend and I stay in their home for a few days, and handed us the keys to one of their cars so we could run our errands.
I now believe that people are capable of altruism. And that we are worthy of this gift.
Obstacles do not block the path, they are the path (Zen proverb)
The tendency is to follow the easy path, or the straightest path, especially when tired or rushed. Towards the end of the day, my brain is busy visualizing how delicious my dehydrated mash potatoes will taste, and my body wants to explore horizontal positions for several hours. On really long days, when the Hangry is strong in me, I stop paying attention to trail markings. That's usually when I realize things aren't quite right, that I'm not on the Trail anymore. I'm lost. Backtracking means doubling the “extra” time I have to hike to reach my destination for the night, but wandering blindly through the woods in search of a shortcut is the surest path to becoming even more lost.
Inevitably, when I backtrack to the last trail blaze, the Trail leads me up a steep rock face, down into a ravine, or across a stream, whichever represents the most difficult end-of-the-day obstacle. I feel like there might be a life lesson here. Regardless, the Trail lesson is: when in doubt about the direction to go, look for the most challenging path first.
Get rid of the unnecessary stuff
Gear: Every “extra” lb. carried in my pack for the whole AT requires the same work as trying to carry 2,189lbs for one mile.
Hygiene: Showers are optional. Shaving is heretical. But still gotta brush the Skittles and Snickers out of our teeth regularly.
Distractions: It's ok to miss Game of Thrones (although one hiker would plan his hikes to reach town in time to catch the latest episode). Social media is a great way to stay in touch, but posting to Facebook while hiking over slick rock in the rain is an embarrassing way to shatter an iPhone, and an ego.
Growth doesn't stop at the end of the Trail
9 months passed since completing the Trail, enough time for a pregnancy. While I've regained more than half of the 53 lbs. I lost during this hike, pretty sure it's mostly Snickers, Pepsi and pizza.
I've grown in other ways as well:
I shower semi-regularly
My wife is suspicious of my budding romance with our air conditioner. (It's purely platonic)
We waste very little food.
I pay more attention to the real-world corollaries for Trail markings to confirm I'm still on the right path in life.
I recognize the value in connecting with others, even when I'm wandering around alone in the woods.
This list of lessons learned as a homeless hiker is far from complete. What began as an adventure and a much-needed retreat from civilization also became one of the most educational experiences of an already academically rich life. (Yay learning!)
What have you learned during your travels?
Pin +1 681 Shares
Like this: Like Loading...
UEFA Women's Champions League finalists VfL Wolfsburg and Tyresö FF began the build-up to their 22 May showdown in Lisbon by returning to winning ways in their domestic competitions.
Tyresö, who overcame Birmingham City LFC eight days ago to make the final on their first European entry, visited Jitex BK on Wednesday hoping to get off the mark in the Damallsvenskan after two opening defeats where they fielded under-strength teams. Their first-choice players were in action this time and Marta struck twice in a 3-0 win either side of a Line Røddik goal. A draw for Eskilstuna United DFF and defeat for FC Rosengård (formerly FCR Malmö) means after four rounds no side has a 100% record in Sweden.
Wolfsburg are further into the Frauen Bundesliga season and recorded two crucial victories, prevailing 2-1 at TSG 1899 Hoffenheim on Thursday thanks to a Martina Müller winner and 3-0 against Bayer 04 Leverkusen on Sunday, Nadine Kessler scoring twice. Wolfsburg remains in third, four points behind the side they knocked out of Europe in the semi-finals – 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam – and unbeaten 1. FFC Frankfurt, who have four games left to their main rivals' five. That game in hand is a 16 May showdown between Wolfsburg and Potsdam six days before the Lisbon final.
Elsewhere in Europe next season's UEFA Women's Champions League continues to take shape, and Italy will be represented by this term's quarter-finalists ASD Torres CF and newcomers ACF Brescia. Both won this weekend to move out of reach of third-placed UPC Tavagnacco with a game to go, and the leading pair meet next Sunday for the title with home side Brescia needing a draw to end Torres's four-year reign as champions and claim a maiden Serie A crown.
In England, Arsenal LFC avenged their UEFA Women's Champions League quarter-final elimination by Birmingham by beating the same team 2-1 away in the last eight of the FA Women's Cup despite, just as in Europe, falling behind to a Remi Allen goal. Responses from Kelly Smith, a penalty, and Freda Ayisi mean holders Arsenal now face Chelsea LFC in Sunday's semi-finals while Notts County LFC play Everton LFC. In next season's UEFA Women's Champions League, England will be represented by 2013 FA Women's Super League champions Liverpool LFC and runners-up Bristol Academy WFC.
Student loan provider Navient deceived borrowers to boost profits, the Pennsylvania Attorney General's Office charged in a lawsuit Thursday.
The suit alleges Navient peddled subprime loans "to many borrowers" who had a high probability of defaulting on their loans. The company purportedly approved loans to college students attending institutions with low graduation rates, expecting "that an extremely high percentage of students would not be able to repay them," the suit said.
"The scheme costs billions of dollars that's been taken out of the pockets of students," Attorney General Josh Shapiro told CNBC on "Power Lunch," detailing that one of the programs Navient ran "cost student loan holders $4 billion."
Shares of Navient plunged 12 percent Thursday after Philly.com first reported the story. The company is one of the largest student loan providers in the U.S., valued at more than $3.5 billion, according to FactSet.
Navient fired back in a statement, saying "the allegations are completely unfounded."
"The case was filed without any review of Pennsylvania residents' customer accounts," Navient said, before adding that the company complies with all Congress and Department of Education rules governing student loans.
The attorney general's office said it is seeking restitution those unfairly affected by Navient's actions.
The suit could "impact hundreds of thousands of Pennsylvanians," Shapiro said, and "includes anyone who received private student loans from Sallie Mae."
Hecklers apparently connected with the Occupy Wall Street movement interrupted President Obama's speech Tuesday at a high school in Manchester, N.H.
The president had just begun his remarks, urging Congress to expand a payroll tax cut, when a protester in the crowd shouted “mic check!” Mr. Obama stopped speaking as other protesters shouted in unison, “Mr. President — over 4,000 peaceful protesters — have been arrested.” The call-and-response tactic has been used by Occupy protesters in other locations around the country.
The protesters — a pool reporter traveling with the president said there were at least 10 — continued shouting at Mr. Obama for about one minute. Students in the audience at Central High School tried to shout down the protesters with their own cheer: “Fired up and ready to go.” That did not immediately catch on with the crowd, so the students switched to a resounding “O-bam-a” chant, which drowned out the protesters.
Mr. Obama then interrupted the chants by saying, “I'm going to be talking about a whole range of things today, and I appreciate you guys making your point. Let me make mine. I'll listen to you, you listen to me.”
The president then continued his speech without further incident.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Annual inflation rate in Brazil was nearly steady at 3.78 percent in January of 2019 from 3.75 percent in December, compared to market expectations of 3.7 percent. Food inflation was the highest since February of 2017 while fuel prices slowed sharply, manly due to gasoline. Inflation Rate in Brazil averaged 348.02 percent from 1980 until 2019, reaching an all-time high of 6821.31 percent in April of 1990 and a record low of 1.65 percent in December of 1998.
Inflation Rate in Brazil is expected to be 3.40 percent by the end of this quarter, according to Trading Economics global macro models and analysts expectations. Looking forward, we estimate Inflation Rate in Brazil to stand at 3.90 in 12 months time. In the long-term, the Brazil Inflation Rate is projected to trend around 3.70 percent in 2020, according to our econometric models.
After the so-called “skinny” repeal of the Affordable Care Act failed to pass in a Senate vote early Friday morning, President Donald Trump tweeted out his thoughts on the subject.
“As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!” he said.
It won't necessarily happen by itself. The Affordable Care Act, also called Obamacare, has been plagued by high-profile health insurer exits and rising premiums. But that doesn't tell the whole story. Some health insurers are turning a profit on the exchanges, like Centene Corp CNC, -0.36% , which is expanding its presence. And the Congressional Budget Office said in March that the individual market would likely be stable in most areas under current law.
There are a few ways Trump can help implosion occur. He's most likely to do so through cost-sharing reduction payments, which pay back health insurers for the increased cost of certain plans on the ACA's marketplaces.
“If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies,” Trump said in a Monday tweet in which he appeared to allude to the cost-sharing payments.
See our previous coverage of this issue: What Trump can do to undermine Obamacare, now that the GOP health bill has failed
Trump threatened to withhold cost-sharing payments this past spring as a negotiating tactic with Congressional Democrats. Without them, health insurers might stop offering plans, causing consumers to lose health insurance, according to The Commonwealth Fund, a health-care foundation.
That “could immediately destabilize the exchanges, perhaps fatally,” said Spencer Perlman, director of health-care research at Veda Partners, an investment advisor and consultancy.
Trump could withhold the payments in August, said Height Securities analyst Stefanie Miller, “before Congress will be in a position to take that authority away from Trump legislatively.” (Congress has an extended recess coming up.)
The Trump administration could either end an appeal of a lawsuit over the cost-sharing payments on Aug. 20 or just decide not to make the payments, which are scheduled for Aug. 21, Perlman said.
Related: Trump aims to squeeze Democrats into health-care negotiations
There are also other ways to sabotage the health care law, which is administered by the Department of Health and Human Services, led by Secretary Tom Price.
Enrollment in the ACA's exchanges is one key measure of the health law's success. But enrollment appears highly dependent on marketing and promotion of the exchanges, making it an easy target for the administration.
Read more: ‘Skinny' repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
For example, enrollment for 2017 exchange plans looked like it was on track to surpass previous years until, under Trump's administration, it dropped off.
“The secretary certainly can undermine the functioning of the ACA by refusing to encourage enrollment,” Veda's Perlman said. But it'll be difficult for Price to change exchange plan requirements, since “Price's ability to alter the ACA's insurance rules via the regulatory process is actually quite limited.”
But it's likely that Congress will have to tackle market stabilization next, both Perlman and Miller said, probably when members return to work in September.
Bipartisan cooperation will be necessary, though, and “we do not expect Republicans and Democrats to reach a compromise quickly, meaning that uncertainty is likely to continue to plague the exchanges over the coming weeks and months,” Perlman said.
That also means Medicaid and Medicaid expansion are “safe for now,” he said, though hospitals — expected to be hit hard by ACA repeal — should keep facing challenges.
The Health Care Select Sector SPDR XLV, -0.36% has surged 16.2% over the year-to-date, the SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF XPH, +0.82% has risen 11.4% and the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF XBI, -0.78% has risen 33.7%, compared with a 10.6% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.08% .
UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, -0.61% stock has surged 20.1% year-to-date, Anthem ANTM, +0.96% stock has risen 30.4%, Aetna Inc. US:AET stock has surged 25.7% and Humana Inc. HUM, -0.83% stock has lifted 14.4%.
University of Western Sydney study finds Australian babies understand Canadian accents better
Updated
Researchers in Sydney have found that Australian babies sometimes struggle with a broad local accent and find it easier to comprehend someone from Canada.
Until now it had been widely thought that infants were more able to distinguish new words if they were delivered in their native language.
But researchers from the University of Western Sydney (UWS) discovered that for some vowel sounds, Australian babies might not have a home-ground advantage.
Associate Professor Paola Escudero looked at why Australian babies did not distinguish certain vowel sounds in their native accent.
"Many studies have shown that there is a bias towards native language, so children like their native language more, they prefer it," she said.
"We thought well if that's the case, then Australian babies should be able to learn words from Australian English much faster, much more easily without trouble."
The researchers tested a new word on dozens of 15-month-old Australian babies.
"What we did is we tried to see whether children had more difficulties if they heard words spoken in one accent as opposed to another accent in English, because there's a lot of variability in the way we pronounce words," Associate Professor Escudero said.
They taught the babies to recognise a made-up word "deet" by playing them recordings of the sound and showing them picture cards to associate meaning with the word.
The researchers then tested if the babies noticed the word had been changed to "dit" or "doot".
When the babies listened to the Australian speaker, they did not notice the vowel changes. They made better sense of the different words listening to a Canadian.
"The reason why the Australian infants performed worse in the Australian accent is because those vowels are a lot more close together; they're a lot more similar in Australian English than they are in Canadian English," said researcher Dr Karen Mulak from the MARCS Institute at UWS.
Vowel sounds make all the difference
Dr Mulak said, at 15 months, babies' brains made sense of sounds and picked up new words and that different vowel sounds could be challenging.
"It depends on how far apart and how distinct the vowels are overall, not necessarily what vowels they're used to every day in their language," she said.
The researchers said the study shed light on why non-English-speaking migrants could find the Australian accent difficult to master.
Associate Professor Escudero said Australian pronunciation of words like sheep, ship or shoot could be misunderstood because of the vowel sounds.
"So it's really interesting how we think of English as one big language, but in fact each individual accent poses different challenges for different listeners and poses sometimes a challenge for infants learning their first language," she said.
The researchers would now test whether other infants at an older age were better able to understand the changing vowels.
They would also research whether Canadian babies could easily understand the Australian accent.
Topics: babies, science-and-technology, research, languages, human-interest, australia, canada
First posted
Whether you're in need of an unusual Halloween costume, or just looking for a way to impress the socialist woman in your life, you may need to know how to dress like a Communist. Of course, not all Communists dress exactly the same, but there are some similarities that you can play on to look your Socialist best. Just be aware that dressing like a Communist may bring you some negative attention from some.
Allow your facial hair to grow. A beard is your best option. You can maintain and trim it, but if you want to let it grow long and bushy, a la Marx, feel free to do so.
Throw on ill-fitting jeans or khaki pants. You're a Communist now, you don't have the inclination to buy pants that fit you well. Just as long as they cover you up they're doing their job just find.
Wear a plain, solid colored, button-down work shirt. Beige or dark blue are good color choices.
Don boots. They should look like you haven't cleaned them up since you bought them years ago.
Sport a plain, beat-up looking overcoat. It should be warm and practical, and not all that easy on the eyes.
Carry a prop. If you're looking to dress like a Communist for a Halloween party, an appropriate prop would be "The Communist Manifesto," by Karl Marx.
OpenKeychain
OpenKeychain helps you communicate more privately and securely. It uses encryption to ensure that your messages can be read only by the people you send them to, others can send you messages that only you can read, and these messages can be digitally signed so the people getting them are sure who sent them. OpenKeychain is based on the well established OpenPGP standard making encryption compatible across your devices and systems. For a list of compatible software for Windows, macOS, and other operating systems consult openpgp.org/software/.
Modern encryption is based on digital “keys”. OpenKeychain stores and manages your keys, and those of the people you communicate with, on your Android smartphone. It also helps you find others' keys online, and exchange keys. But its most frequent use is in using those keys to encrypt and decrypt messages.
Open Source
Open Source: OpenKeychain is designed to be trustworthy. It's Free Software with no secrets; anyone can examine and validate every bit of it (Source code available at GitHub)
Independent Security Audit
The auditing company Cure53 performed an intensive security audit of OpenKeychain. The security experts summarize their final result with “[…] none of the spotted issues were considered to be of a critical severity in terms of security implications. The latter is a significant and impressive result for an app of this complexity and relevance.”
Integration
OpenKeychain primarily integrates with K-9 Mail to provide end-to-end encryption capabilities. Besides this, several other apps work with OpenKeychain to provide encryption.
We are not actively participating in the development of each of these third-party apps. No security audits have been done by us and, thus, we cannot provide any security guarantees.
Permissions
Because OpenKeychain is Free Software, anyone can validate that the permissions are indeed only required for the listed features.
In-app purchases: Donate to the developers
Identity: Pre-fill name and email addresses
Contacts: Connect keys to your contacts (only offline)
Photos/Media/Files: Import/export keys from SD card
Camera: Scan QR Codes to add other people's keys
Others: Internet permission to retrieve keys, NFC permission to use YubiKeys
Starting with Android 6, permissions are requested when required in-app!
As an avid reader of all pole related social media I have seen many questions popping up on my facebook feed about Pleaser high heels. Which style to buy, what finish is best, what the sizing is like, whether to go for patent or clear straps, and so on ad infinitum. I figured, because I have amassed a small but impressive collection of Pleaser heels the past 6 months, in a variety of styles, I would review the ones I have whilst addressing some of the most prevalent questions I've seen asked.
Pleaser Kiss 208
Heel Height: 6 Inches
Finish: Black With Clear Straps
Verdict: These were my very first pair of Pleaser heels, bought from WearIfUDare. These are a great training shoe. If you are new to wearing high heels or just want something to swing around in at home or in the studio, this style is a good one to start with. I chose the Kiss over the Delight because, although they are the same height, the Delight shoe has a slightly thinner stiletto heel and I wanted to make sure I had as much support as possible.
I found this style to fit true to size, and although the clear plastic straps do stretch a little over time, I am happy with the fit of my usual UK3.
I wanted a classic colour scheme that would go with everything, so I opted for clear straps and a black heel and platform. This looks great, but the one big downside is that the black colour does get rubbed off if you do any type of floor work, slides, tracing and so on. This can be filled in with sharpie or nail polish, but I haven't had any luck finding something to permanently cover the areas that won't just rub off again. If you are only using this shoe for training it isn't exactly a huge deal.
This style of shoe comes in a variety of other finishes including clear and chrome heels, and with diamante.
I would point out that you get used to the 6 inch heel quite quickly if you are using them regularly, and will be VERY eager to upgrade to a taller version. You must be aware that the Pleaser Kiss is a gateway shoe, and once worn you will quickly fall into the hole of pole dance shoe addiction. I would now not even think of wearing a 6 inch shoe to perform in, they look so tiny, but I will talk you through the benefits of the higher shoes as I go through them.
Pleaser Adore 709
Heel Height: 7 Inches
Finish: Silver Chrome With Black Patent Straps
Verdict: These pole heels are an absolute dream to look at. The chrome is sexy as f*ck and the patent straps work brilliantly with black hold ups to give you forever legs. If you aren't a fan of the clear straps then patent is a great alternative if you still want a shoe that will offer a little grip aid whilst climbing.
I feel very little difference in the heel height between the 6 inch shoe and the 7 inch shoe.
The only issue I have with this shoe is the strap size. Because I have narrow feet the bridge of the heel at the front is not flush against my skin as with the clear straps, meaning that there is much more movement of my foot in the shoe and less stability whilst dancing. As a result I would say this shoe is great for the occasional practice, but best kept as a photo shoot or performance pair. However, this issue can be resolved by sizing down, or using shoe inserts.
Again, the colour on the shoe will rub off. This has not happened to me yet as I haven't practiced in these heels much, but I've met other girls with the chrome style and they have had the same problem as I had with my Pleaser Kiss heels. Whilst I can cover the rubbing on the Pleaser Kiss with black sharpie, I haven't heard of a good solution for the same issue with the chrome finish, so again this would suggest chrome is best as a performance shoe if you don't want to deal with the damage from regular training.
This shoe comes in a variety of other finishes, including rhinestones and neon.
Pleaser Taboo 708
Heel Height: 7.5 Inches
Finish: Clear Heel With Clear Straps
Verdict: These are my favourite pair of Pleaser heels from my collection. Out of all of them they are the best to dance in, they look great, and there are very few ‘snags' associated with the style and finish.
I bought these in a UK3, and the plastic straps have stretched out a little. Next time I would purchase these in a UK2 personally, because I have tiny feet. However, although the straps can rub a little due to them stretching, this does not affect the comfort or stability of the shoe. These definitely LOOK much taller than they feel to me, and I am just as confident dancing in these as I do in my 6 inch Pleaser Kiss. Because the heel is nice and thick it provides you with good support also.
The finish of the shoe does not get diminished with use because it is clear plastic, and therefore more robust. However, I would point out that it is possible to shatter this style of shoe if you are a particularly aggressive heel clacker.
The style comes in a variety of other finishes including chrome, patent, neon and spiked.
The one thing that is noticeable is that if you do a lot of floor work, tracing and so on, the foot-bed of this particular finish does get grubby because it is white, which is not an issue with the black foot-beds.
A video posted by Peach 🍑🍑🍑 (@peachleeray) on Apr 7, 2016 at 3:05am PDT
Pleaser Motif 809LP
Heel Height: 8 Inches
Finish: Leopard Print Heel With Black Patent Straps
Verdict: These are my newest pair. I had my eye on them for so long, but because they were 8 inches tall and my reservations regarding the patent straps, I held off from getting them until I was 100% comfortable dancing in my 7.5 inch Pleaser Taboo heels first.
I bought these in a size UK2 in the hope that it would resolve the loose patent bridge issue I mentioned with the Pleaser Adore style, AND IT DID! The bridge is snug against my foot, and the shoe fits perfectly (my toes don't hang over the front, and my heel isn't over the back of the shoe either). I think from now on I will buy all my Pleaser heels in UK2. If you have narrow feet this might work for you too, so it is definitely something to consider. If you are nervous, make sure you find a shop that offers exchanges for sizes in case you want to size up or down.
This shoe comes in a few other finishes, including some cool tattoo inspired designs, and dollar bills.
You do notice the height difference in these, not just because the heel is taller, but because the heel is thinner than the Please Taboo style, which has a great, solid heel. I think with practice I will quickly get used to them though and they are so damn gorgeous I cannot WAIT to try these out in a competition or performance.
♥♥♥
If you have been wondering what style of Pleaser heels to start with then I hope these reviews have helped you decide which ones to buy. A good beginner's shoe is definitely the 6 inch Pleaser Kiss heel, but if you are feeling ambitious I cannot recommend the Pleaser Taboo heels enough, they are comfortable, sexy and easy to dance in.
What I Need From YOU…
So, a variety of issues have been raised in these reviews that seem to be common among pole dancers. What I want to know is if you have any clever solutions or fixes for these problems. Make sure you leave your suggestions in the comments, or email them across to me at peach@polewithpeach.com, and I will put them together into a future post.
How do you deal with the finish rubbing off your shoe? What do you use to hide blemished chrome and patterned heels? How do you clean the foot-beds of your shoes? What do you do when the patent straps are too loose? What do you do if the clear straps are too tight? How have you fixed the rubber sole coming away at the front of your Pleasers? Have you encountered any other problems? What did you do to resolve them?
Red Hat, Inc. (NYSE: RHT), the world's leading provider of open source solutions, today announced general availability of the next minor release of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.4. It has been optimized for performance, stability and flexibility, and designed to help organizations manage their workloads across physical, virtual and cloud environments. Red Hat Enterprise Linux introduces several new components that help enterprises meet these core business objectives.
Scale-out Data Access Through Parallel NFS (pNFS)
Red Hat has collaborated with its partners and the upstream community on the parallel Network File System (pNFS) industry standard. This helps to solve the problems associated with NFS sprawl, characterized by the explosive growth of data and the increased burden of managing file system complexity. Capabilities have also been added that result in performance gains for I/O intensive workloads like database access. Using the first-to-market, fully supported pNFS client — delivered in Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.4 — customers can begin to plan and design next-generation, scalable file system solutions based on pNFS.
"NetApp and Red Hat are seeing considerable demand for pNFS capabilities from customers looking to modernize their data center environment to address the extreme requirements around scale, performance and manageability," said Patrick Rogers, vice president, solutions and integrations, NetApp. "With Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.4, Red Hat has achieved a significant milestone advancing pNFS client support, which reflects their continued leadership and innovation in enterprise-class open source solutions."
Focus On Security Through Enhanced Identity Management
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.4 continues to expand security through enhanced identity and host-based access management. This release also provides easier interoperability in heterogeneous environments, whether identities are Linux- based or managed by Microsoft Active Directory.
Improved Virtual Guest Experience on VMware and Hyper-V
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 .4 now includes the Microsoft Hyper-V Linux drivers, improving the overall performance of the operating system when running as a guest on Microsoft Hyper-V. The latest release also offers installation support for the VMware and Microsoft Hyper-V para-virtualized drivers, improving the deployment experience for users working in these environments.
Updated Management Capabilities
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.4 provides enhancement to control groups (cgroups), allowing multi-threaded applications to migrate smoothly between them. In addition, this release includes updated performance monitoring tools that support new counters (performance monitoring units, or PMUs) from Intel.
New Tools and Improved Productivity Support
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.4 includes several key productivity-focused improvements, including enhanced interoperability with Microsoft Exchange, calendar support in Evolution, and new functions, such as alarm notifications and the ability to schedule meetings. This update also includes support for newer Wacom tablets, which benefits professional animators and design artists.
"Red Hat Enterprise Linux has long been considered the premier open source operating system for enterprises, and this latest iteration further cements the platform as a compelling foundation for mission-critical solutions across physical, virtual and cloud environments," said Jim Totton, vice president and general manager, Red Hat's Platform Business Unit. "The features found within Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.4 — from support for pNFS to expanded security features and much more — exemplify our commitment to innovation and providing our customers with the advanced tools they need to attain their business goals."
Additional Resources
To download Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.4 visit here
For more information about Red Hat Enterprise Linux visit here
For more information about the Red Hat Enterprise Linux lifecycle visit here
Connect with Red Hat
About Red Hat, Inc.
Red Hat is the world's leading provider of open source software solutions, taking a community-powered approach to reliable and high-performing cloud, Linux, middleware, storage and virtualization technologies. Red Hat also offers award-winning support, training, and consulting services. As the connective hub in a global network of enterprises, partners, and open source communities, Red Hat helps create relevant, innovative technologies that liberate resources for growth and prepare customers for the future of IT. Learn more at http://www.redhat.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including: risks related to delays or reductions in information technology spending; the effects of industry consolidation; the ability of the Company to compete effectively; uncertainty and adverse results in litigation and related settlements; the integration of acquisitions and the ability to market successfully acquired technologies and products; the inability to adequately protect Company intellectual property and the potential for infringement or breach of license claims of or relating to third party intellectual property; the ability to deliver and stimulate demand for new products and technological innovations on a timely basis; risks related to data and information security vulnerabilities; ineffective management of, and control over, the Company's growth and international operations; fluctuations in exchange rates; and changes in and a dependence on key personnel, as well as other factors contained in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (copies of which may be accessed through the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov), including those found therein under the captions "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations". In addition to these factors, actual future performance, outcomes, and results may differ materially because of more general factors including (without limitation) general industry and market conditions and growth rates, economic and political conditions, governmental and public policy changes and the impact of natural disasters such as earthquakes and floods. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent the Company's views as of the date of this press release and these views could change. However, while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.
###
Red Hat and JBoss are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries.
About the author
(NewsTarget) When is Alzheimer`s DiseaseAlzheimer`s Disease? When it`s actually caused by undiagnosed Vitamin B12 deficiency. This frequent occurrence is a tragedy in our society where growing numbers of those with Alzheimer`s Disease are diagnosed every year. Despite havingsymptoms in many cases, vitamin B12 deficiency is almostconsidered as a possible cause.Alzheimer`s Disease is a growing personal and family problem as well as afinancial burden for society. And with over 4 million people in the US alone who have been diagnosed with this 'incurable' disease, Alzheimer`s Disease is becoming an ever growing crisis. Governments around the world are attempting to combat this problem by spending millions of dollars every year on research for drugs, stem cell treatment, genetic manipulation and pharmaceuticals- yet nothing has been found to effectively stop or slow its insidious spread. However, doctors in clinical practice are completely overlooking acause of this problem that could stop the disease in its tracks. The scientific evidence isthat the symptoms of Alzheimer`s Disease could beimproved in many cases if a trial of high dose vitamin B12 were instituted soon after diagnosis.`Dementia Associated With Vitamin B12 Deficiency/Vitamin B12 deficiency , also called cobalamin deficiency, becomes more and more common as people get older and some researchers estimate that over 800,000 elderly in the US have undiagnosed deficiency. Yet because few clinicians are trained to look for its symptoms, many elderly whobe screened for this simple vitamin deficiency are, instead, diagnosed with `incurable` neurologic diseases. These mental changes from vitamin B12 deficiency were first described as far back as 1902, with much research having been done since that time. Many times, these changes are accompanied by lesions and degeneration of the brain and spinal cord on medical imaging that doctors use as evidence of thenature of this disease . Astoundingly, when these degenerative changes are caused by Vitamin B12 Deficiency, they are actuallyif high dose therapy is started soon after diagnosis!`Dementia and vitamin B12 deficiency`Not only is medical imaging worthless in determining which cases will benefit from Vitamin B12 therapy, but blood testing has little value either. Since the 1950's, several studies have shown that cases of dementia that respond well to vitamin B12 therapy often have completely normal Vitamin B12 blood tests. Yet 50 years later, doctors still relyon blood testing and medical imaging to determine the need for Vitamin B12 therapy. These studies are clearly showing that a trial regimen of high dose vitamin B12 is absolutely warranted with cases of new onset dementia regardless of the results of medical testing. Yet modern medicine is simplypaying attention, and this extraordinarily safe therapy that costs less than $100 is virtuallyinstituted. As a result, Alzheimer`s patients whohave benefited if B12 therapy were instituted soon after diagnosis are left with no memory and no hope.Resources:1) http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/pagerender.... 2) http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/picrender.f... 3) http://www.easy-immune-health.com/mental-cha... is a Registered Nurse and Functional Medicine Practitioner.With over 14 years of experience in health care, she has the unique perspective of being solidly grounded in Conventional Medicine and being well versed in Alternative Medicine.She can help you to to find and repair theof illness using cutting edge in home lab testing that finds nutritional deficiencies, hidden infections and chemical and metal toxicities that contribute to ill health.She can be reached through her websites at:
Share. "I can say with certainty that you've not seen the last of the Blue Bomber." "I can say with certainty that you've not seen the last of the Blue Bomber."
After fans were told not to expect a new game in the Mega Man series to coincide with the franchise's 25th anniversary this year, many were worried that this signalled Capcom had no plans to expand upon the series any further. Thankfully, in a new interview the company has revealed this isn't the case.
“ I can say with certainty that you've not seen the last of the Blue Bomber on consoles and handhelds.
Speaking with Nintendo Power (via Siliconera), Capcom USA senior vice president Christian Svensson explained that we'd be seeing a lot more of the Blue Bomber in future on both handhelds and, interestingly, consoles too.
He explained, "I can say with certainty that you've not seen the last of the Blue Bomber on consoles and handhelds, and, with luck, we'll be celebrating his 50th anniversary, including all of the games you're going to enjoy over the next 25 years.
"That said, an issue we've had in the past has been talking about games and announcing them before we're certain they're going to come out, which unfortunately has lead to profound disappointment for many fans. So for now, I'm going to have to stay mum about any details."
The last game to be released in the series was Mega Man 10 back in 2010 on XBLA, PSN and WiiWare.
Exit Theatre Mode
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK Editorial Assistant. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on IGN and on Twitter.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Anbarasan Ethirajan goes on patrol with an anti-poaching team in Nepal protecting the one-horned rhino
Once Chitwan National Park in Nepal was the favourite hunting ground of poachers, but now it is they who are on the run and being hunted.
It is a rare successful conservation story in South Asia, where park officials and the Nepalese army have managed to turn the tide against poaching in the last few years.
Wild animals such as tigers, rhinos, elephants and leopards have been regularly killed by poachers for their body parts and skin, which fetch thousands of dollars on the black market.
The national park in the foothills of the Himalayas has succeeded particularly in protecting its most famous resident - the one-horned rhinoceros, also known as the Great Indian rhinoceros - from poachers.
Anti-insurgency operations
Some conservationists believe it is one of the most endangered animals in the world - it features prominently on the red list of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
Around 20 or 25 elephants will take part in the exercise and we will scour an entire area with bushes or tall grass looking for poachers' dens or hide outs Rupak Mahajan, Chitwan national park co-ordinator of anti-poaching operations
The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) says that one-horned rhinos are hunted because its horn is used in traditional East Asian medicines - though there is no scientific proof of its medicinal value.
About 10 years ago, when the country was deeply mired in a civil war between government forces and Maoist rebels, there was hardly any focus on wildlife protection in one of Nepal's most famous parks.
The number of army monitoring posts in and around the park was reduced from 30 to seven as soldiers were shifted to anti-insurgency operations.
In 2002, about 37 rhinos were killed by poachers, triggering grave concern over the future of one-horned rhinos.
Their numbers dropped from an estimated 612 in 2000 to less than 375 in 2005.
"According to our last rhino census in 2011 the number of rhinos in the park has risen to more than 500," said Kamal Jung Kunwar, a senior official at the Department of National Parks and Wildlife Conservation.
As the chief of the anti-poaching operation from 2003 to 2007, Mr Kunwar played a key role in the conservation of rhinos in Chitwan National Park.
Spread over an area of more than 930 sq km, the park consists mostly of Sal trees and grasslands. Its flat lowlands are home to a variety of endangered animals like Royal Bengal tigers, rhinos, leopards and Gharial crocodiles.
Crucial re-deployment
The successful conservation effort is attributed to a variety of initiatives, including tough action against poachers, enhanced intelligence and involving villagers living around the park in conservation efforts.
Image caption One-horned rhinos have been described as some of the most endangered animals in the world
It has crucially involved the re-deployment of soldiers inside the park.
Park officials gave me rare access to the park's anti-poaching teams whose trained elephant teams have performed so well in reducing rhino poaching over the last seven years.
In 2012, only one rhino was shot dead by poachers, while in 2011 no rhino was killed.
As part of their strategy, anti-poaching teams regularly use elephants to go deep inside the forest in search of poachers. The animals provide greater mobility in areas where there are few tracks or roads.
"Sometimes we bring elephants from other parks to hold a sweeping exercise. Around 20 or 25 elephants will take part in the exercise and we will scour an entire area with bushes or tall grass looking for poachers' dens or hide outs," Rupak Mahajan, co-ordinator of anti-poaching operations in the park told me.
Tip-offs
The important role of the army in anti-poaching efforts can be seen by the various soldiers manning posts in different parts of the forest. They regularly do joint patrols with park officials.
Image caption Officials say that there is no room for complacency over the success of the anti-poaching initiaitive
There are more than 1,000 soldiers in the park operating from more than 40 positions, some deep inside the forest.
As we moved to another side of the forest, we shifted to a four-wheel drive vehicle. Mr Mahajan explained that they help his team to track poachers speedily if they get any tip-offs about their presence.
Sometimes it is necessary for the team to patrol on foot and sometimes they use speed boats on the rivers and canals which criss-cross the park.
The involvement of villagers living around the park in the conservation effort has been mutually beneficial.
Kamal Jung Kunwar explained that they have received between 30-40% of tourism revenue from the park for development projects in their villages.
"That gives them a sense of ownership," said Mr Kunwar, whose book Four Years for the Rhino details the meticulous planning that has gone into the conservation project.
The WWF has also developed pilotless special drone aircraft to detect poachers, locate forest fires and detect illegal felling of trees.
WWF-Nepal Wildlife Trade Control Co-ordinator Diwakar Chapagain says that it is not a battle that will be won quickly.
"There is a huge demand for horns and it is increasing," he says.
"The poachers and traffickers have lots of money and are using poor people, including villagers living near the park area. If we cannot control market demand, threats to wildlife will always exist."
But at the same time law enforcement has had an impact on saving the rhinos.
Around 150 poachers and their collaborators have been convicted and jailed in the last few years. Sentences ranged from five to 15 years. The chief warden of the parks even has quasi-judicial powers.
"The tough punishments have acted as a deterrent," Mr Kunwar said.
While the poaching of rhinos may have been reduced considerably, it has gone up dramatically at India's Kaziranga National Park, home to the world's largest concentration of one-horned rhinos. At least 17 have been killed by poachers there since the beginning of 2013.
Conservationists say that the likelihood is that poachers are turning to Kaziranga because of tighter controls in Nepal.
Several cast members of Star Trek Beyond are now in Vancouver, enjoying the city and preparing for principal photography to begin.
Earlier today, Zoe Saldana tweeted a photo of herself in a makeup trailer:
Saldana's tweet is the latest in a series of social media posts and media reports that show members of the Star Trek Beyond cast reporting to Vancouver to begin production of their third Star Trek film. While there has been no official announcement from Paramount Pictures or Bad Robot, sources seem to indicate that principal photography will commence this Thursday, June 25.
Pace beginning to pick up
After a long stretch with little apparent activity, the arrival of the cast in Vancouver is a welcome sight to many fans, who have been anxiously awaiting word about the film. Things got rolling last week, when Karl Urban was seen arriving:
There have also been reports of the cast milling about town and enjoying themselves. Vancouver blog Vancity Buzz spotted Zoe Saldana with her husband Marco Perego, who were on their way to see Jurassic World on Father's Day.
Image: Ken R / Vancity Buzz
The site also reports that Simon Pegg was seen at the TD Vancouver International Jazz Festival on Friday night. Perhaps the biggest sign that something is imminent comes from Zachary Quinto, who posted a photo on Instagram sporting a very familiar look:
someone is preparing to emerge. A photo posted by Zachary Quinto (@zacharyquinto) on Jun 20, 2015 at 4:31pm PDT
More to come?
Any official news about the film has been hard to come by, possibly owing to a very rushed pre-production schedule which saw the first draft of the script only get completed recently. Due to the compressed schedule, it's entirely possible we won't see much in the way of news until the film is already in principal photography. As always, we'll bring you any information as we get it. Star Trek Beyond is scheduled for release July 8, 2016.
France's far-right Front National party president Marine Le Pen visits Moscow's Red Square before a meeting with Russia's State Duma speaker Sergei Naryshkin on May 26, 2015 (AFP Photo/Kirill Kudryavstev)
Moscow (AFP) - The leader of France's far-right National Front party Marine Le Pen visited Moscow for high-level talks Tuesday, amid fears the Kremlin is courting radical politicians across Europe.
Le Pen met parliament speaker Sergei Naryshkin, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, during a low-key visit months after her party in November came under fire for taking out a nine-million-euro ($9.8-million) loan with a Russian bank.
Russia has sought to cosy up to European politicians, including Le Pen and left-wing Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, who have criticised the European Union for imposing sanctions on Moscow over its actions in Ukraine.
After meeting Naryshkin, Le Pen said that the French government was "very influenced" by the United States, which she added "played an important role in passing (EU) sanctions against Russia."
Le Pen -- who met Naryshkin last April -- said she was happy to "regularly exchange opinions with Sergei Naryshkin on important topics," cited by TASS state news agency in comments translated into Russian.
"We often have a similar vision when we analyse the situation."
She said she and Naryshkin discussed topics including "the crisis in Ukraine, the worsening situation with the Islamic State group, the danger of terrorist attacks and the financial situation in the world."
Le Pen said relations between France and Russia "could change in the middle of 2017 when Marine Le Pen is elected president".
Naryshkin at the meeting congratulated Le Pen on her party's shock victory in last May's European elections in France.
Naryshkin said Le Pen's reforms to the party founded by her father "matched the time and the spirit of contemporary France," the parliament's website said.
Le Pen's team did not announce the visit.
The Duma lower house of parliament on Monday announced the meeting on its website, initially saying it would be shown live on television, but press was later barred.
An AFP photographer caught Le Pen going for a stroll on Red Square before the meeting at the Duma.
The Cornell Graduate and Professional Student Assembly debated the details of graduate student unionization at its final meeting of the semester Monday in Bache Auditorium.
After numerous amendments and a lively debate, the GPSA passed a resolution which asks the University to “clearly detail a schedule of expected stipend support throughout the planned course of the degree” in admission letters for all admitted graduate students. The resolution passed 11-0-6.
Provost Michael Kotlikoff and Dean Barbara Knuth, senior vice provost and dean of the graduate school, recognized the “strong possibility that the National Labor Relations Board will soon overturn current case law to consider private university graduate student assistants to be employees under the National Labor Relations Act.”
Leaderboard 1
The University has begun negotiating with the Cornell Graduate Student Union as the union plans to move toward formal unionization if the NLRB does, in fact, consider private university graduate student assistants to be employees.
Kotlikoff the University is currently working to clarify the unionization process for graduate students.
“First, we want to be transparent throughout the negotiations process,” Kotlikoff said. “The second point is that the University's position is that this is a decision of the graduate students — of all graduate students who are eligible to vote. So we're negotiating these rules of engagement so we can set up a process in which graduate students will be informed with information to make their decision.”
Leaderboard 2
Knuth elaborated on Kotlikoff's second point, emphasizing the University's desire to make sure all graduate students are aware of the consequences of unionization.
Knuth explained to students that the union will define its own “bargaining unit” — the collective body of people it will represent in dealings with the University. The bargaining unit may not necessarily be all graduate students because some departments or academic fields may opt out of unionization.
“If a majority of those who vote in a union election votes in favor of the union, then all of those in the [union's] defined bargaining unit – no matter how they voted or if they voted – will be explicitly represented by the union in their dealings with the University concerning pay, benefits, and other terms and conditions of employment,” Knuth said.
Therefore, even if only 51 percent of graduate students in the bargaining unit vote to unionize, the complete bargaining unit — including the 49 percent who voted against — will be included in the union, according to Knuth.
Knuth reaffirmed the University's view that graduate students should be considered students, not workers and that graduate student work is educational.
“Ph.D. coursework, research and teaching are an integrated educational experience and are components of the student's progression toward earning a degree,” Knuth said. “Teaching experience is an important component of preparing doctoral candidates for careers either as teachers or as professional leaders.”
Jackqueline Frost, grad and GPSA field member, who teaches a French language course four days a week, spoke in favor of unionizing on behalf of the CGSU.
“It's really easy to see myself as a worker,” Frost said. “What makes my current job different from all the jobs that I've ever worked is that I'm not protected under the current labor law.”
Frost said she does not agree that her current job should be “interpreted unidimensionally as training for a future career.”
“Even if I become a professor [after graduating], it doesn't mean that what I've been doing at Cornell isn't work,” she said.
Frost argued that unionization will benefit both graduate students and the University.
“Unionization is about sharing in the process of determining the conditions of your basic livelihood in a way that benefits both grad workers and their universities,” she said. “[CGSU] believe[s] that everyone wins with a solid union-University relationship because happier, more secure workers means better teaching and better research.”
Jesse Goldberg, grad and GPSA voting member, read a joint statement from the administration and CGSU that emphasized both organizations' common goals.
“Cornell and CGSU are committed to working together to ensure that our community's environment remains one in which the conditions for graduate students to make their own decisions about unionization without intimidation are achieved,” the statement said. “Our negotiations have been setting a positive tone based on our shared values of dignity and respect for each other.”
Knuth said she anticipates that the NLRB will release its decision on the legality of graduate student unionization at private universities sometime this summer.
The Emerson College Polling Society released new numbers from Massachusetts on Sunday night. In two tweets, the group summed up the primary races in the Bay State.
The poll showed Democrats Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE and Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE with 46 percent support each.
On the GOP side, GOP front-runner Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE had 50 percent, with Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE at 16 percent, Ohio Gov. John Kasich with 13 percent, Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE with 10 percent and Ben Carson with 2 percent.
Hundreds of people gathered at a vigil on Parliament Hill in memory of Loretta Saunders, an Inuk student living in Halifax who was found slain on the side of a New Brunswick highway last week.
The 26-year-old Saint Mary's University student disappeared in Halifax Feb. 13. Her body was found two weeks later on a snow-covered median on the side of the Trans-Canada Highway west of Salisbury, N.B.
Two people have been charged with first-degree murder in her death.
Holly Jarrett, Saunders' cousin, spoke at Wednesday's vigil and said it was her cousin's disappearance that brought her and her estranged mother back together after a year of silence.
Jarrett said Miriam Saunders, Loretta's mother, called her and pleaded with her to make up with her mother.
The body of Loretta Saunders, 26, was found on the median of Route 2 of the Trans-Canada Highway in New Brunswick. (Facebook)
"She explained that we're a family, and Loretta knew my mom and I didn't talk, and she would be very happy when she came home to know that such a good thing had come from her being missing," Jarrett told the crowd gathered on the steps of Parliament Hill.
"I've talked to my mother every day since."
Jarrett said Saunders' parents and the rest of their family are in Happy Valley-Goose Bay in Labrador and she wants to send a message to the Canadian government on their behalf.
"In memory of Loretta's heart and her kindness and her courage, please stand behind me and demand answers from our government," she said.
"We must not let this happen again without our government putting some serious effort — not simple placating gestures — into a public inquiry."
Autopsy completed
Pressure is mounting for a national inquiry into missing and murdered aboriginal women. The Native Women's Association of Canada recently presented the federal government with a petition, signed by more than 23,000 people, asking for an inquiry.
Saunders was working on a thesis about missing and aboriginal women when she disappeared.
Hundreds of people attended a vigil for Loretta Saunders and to call for a national inquiry into missing and murdered aboriginal women. (Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press)
It is estimated there are hundreds of cases of missing and murdered aboriginal women dating back to the 1960s. A United Nations human rights investigator called that statistic disturbing last year during a fact-finding visit to Canada in which he also urged the Conservative government to hold an inquiry.
Victoria Henneberry, 28, and Blake Leggette, 25, who had been facing charges of being in possession of a stolen vehicle, have been charged with first-degree murder in Saunders' death.
Halifax Regional Police Const. Pierre Bourdages said the autopsy on Saunders was performed Saturday in New Brunswick. Her body has been released to her family.
Bourdages said police will not be releasing information on the results of the autopsy while the case against Leggette and Henneberry is before the courts.
Netflix has canceled Baz Luhrmann's “The Get Down” after one season.
The cancellation brings an official end to a series that was plagued by behind-the-scenes troubles and failed to connect with viewers in the ways that buzzy Netflix hits such as “Stranger Things” and “Orange is the New Black” have. Season one premiered in two parts, with the second part debuting on the streaming service in April to little fanfare. The first part of season one, which premiered last year, drew 3.2 million total U.S. adults 18-49 in its first 31 days, according to Symphony Advanced Media — roughly one fifth the audience that viewed “Orange is the New Black” season four in its first 31 days.
Produced by Sony Pictures Television, “The Get Down” was the most expensive original series in Netflix's history, costing at least $120 million to produce. The series was one of the most costly in Hollywood history. As Variety reported last year, production on the show was stopped and started so many times that some writers on the series began to jokingly call it “The Shut Down.”
Luhrmann, a filmmaker known for elaborate feature film hits (“Moulin Rouge!”) and flops (“Australia”) said at the time that he felt overwhelmed by his role as showrunner and had considered abandoning the project.
“I really believed that I was sort of going to be an uncle to the project,” Luhrmann told Variety last year. “The mechanism that pre-existed to create TV shows didn't really work for this show. At every step of the way there was no precedent for what we were doing. The standard process really didn't work, so progressively, I was drawn more and more into the center of it.”
Washington (CNN) Here it is: our first visual glimpse at the hive mind where Trump's chief strategist, Steven Bannon, is plotting the "deconstruction" of the administrative state.
We've heard descriptions of Bannon's office before.
Here's how CNN's Maeve Reston, pulling reporting from the network's White House reporters like Jeff Zeleny, described the room in a recent piece for CNN's new online magazine, "State."
When he moved into the White House, Trump's chief strategist removed the floor-to-ceiling bookshelves and sofa from his office and positioned his desk in the corner to make room for giant whiteboards that are lined up in four columns beneath the campaign theme: Make. America. Great. Again. In the final hours of the first 100 days, the promises kept were marked with a red X, including abandoning a massive Pacific trade deal. The column without a single red X: Legislative accomplishments.
Now, thanks to some innocently tweeted photographs from Rabbi Shmuley Boteach, the Orthodox rabbi, author and TV personality, we can see the priorities that form Bannon's to-do list.
Read More
De Gea is keen to return to Madrid to be near his family and girlfriend but also feels he owes United a debt Bradley Ormesher for The Times
David De Gea has done little to allay fears that he will sign for Real Madrid this summer by refusing to commit his future to Manchester United.
United are still waiting for the Spain goalkeeper to make a choice between signing a new £200,000-a-week contract to stay in Manchester or take up an offer to join Real, who are about to name Rafael Benítez as their new coach after Carlo Ancelotti's sacking.
Asked about the prospect of returning to his home city of Madrid, De Gea told AS, the Spanish sports newspaper: “We will see what happens regarding my future. Right now I'm on holiday.”
De Gea, 24, who enters the final 12 months of his existing contract this summer, was speaking in Toledo on…
At some point most applications need some form of logging or tracing. Be it error logging, general execution tracing, or some application-specific event logging. The former two are quite common and a lot of libraries have been designed to support them. The latter one, however, normally requires a custom implementation for each application since the data that we wish to log, the media on which the logs are stored, and the operations that we need to perform on these logs vary greatly from case to case. In this post I am going to show how to implement event logging in C++ applications using the SQLite relational database and the ODB C++ ORM.
In case you are not familiar with ODB, it is an object-relational mapping (ORM) system for C++. It allows you to persist C++ objects to a relational database without having to deal with tables, columns, or SQL, and manually writing any of the mapping code. ODB natively supports SQLite, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle, and Microsoft SQL Server. Pre-built packages are available for GNU/Linux, Windows, Mac OS X, and Solaris and were tested with GNU g++, MS Visual C++, Sun CC, and Clang.
When I said that we will be storing our events in a relational database, some of you might have thought I am crazy. But SQLite is no ordinary relational database. First of all, SQLite is not your typical client-server RDBMS. Rather, it is an extremely small and fast embedded database. That is, it is linked to your application as a library and the actual database is just a file on a disk. And, as a bonus, SQLite also supports in-memory databases.
Ok, maybe you are still not convinced that SQLite is a good fit for event logging. Consider then the benefits: With a relational database we can easily store statically-typed data in our event records. With SQLite we can store the log as a file on a disk, we can have an in-memory log, or some combination of the two (SQLite allows us to save an in-memory database to a file). And don't forget that SQLite is fully ACID-compliant. This can be especially important for being able to audit the logs with any kind of certainty that they are accurate. Finally, when it comes to operations that we can perform on our logs, it is hard to beat the generality offered by an RDBMS for data querying and manipulation.
Maybe you are almost convinced, but there is just one last problem: who wants to deal with all that SQL from within a C++ application? Well, that's where ODB comes to the rescue. As we will see shortly, we can take advantage of all these benefits offered by SQLite without having a single line of SQL in our code. Note also that while the below discussion is focused on SQLite, nothing prevents you from using another RDBMS instead. For example, if you needed to store your logs in a central network location, then you could instead use a client-server database such as PostgreSQL.
But enough talking. Let's see the code. A good example of an application that usually requires logging is a game server. The log could contain, for example, information about when players entered and left the game. However, for this post I've decided to use something less typical: an automated stock trading system. Here we would like to keep an accurate log of all the buy/sell transactions performed by the system. This way we can later figure out how come we lost so much money.
Our event record, as a C++ class, could then look like this (I am omitting accessors and instead making all the data members public for brevity):
enum order_type {buy, sell}; class event { public: event (order_type type, const std::string& security, unsigned int qty, double price); order_type order; std::string security; unsigned int qty; double price; boost::posix_time::ptime timestamp; }; std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream&, const event&);
The event class constructor initializes the first four data members with the passed values and sets timestamp to the current time. Here I choose to use Boost date-time library to get a convenient time representation. Other alternatives would be to use QDateTime from Qt or just have an unsigned long long value that stores time in microseconds.
Ok, we have the event class but how do we store it in an SQLite database? This is actually pretty easy with ODB. The only two modifications that we have to make to our class are to mark it as persistent and add the default constructor, which we can make private:
#pragma db object no_id class event { ... private: friend class odb::access; event () {} };
The friend declaration grants ODB access to the private default constructor, and to the data members, in case we decide to make them private as well.
You may also be wondering what that no_id clause at the end of #pragma db means? This expression tells the ODB compiler that this persistent class has no object id. Normally, persistent classes will have one or more data members designated as an object id. This id uniquely identifies each instance of a class in the database. Under the hood object ids are mapped to primary keys. However, there are cases where a persistent class has no natural object id and creating an artificial one, for example, an auto-incrementing integer, doesn't add anything other than performance and storage overheads. Many ORM implementations do not support objects without ids. ODB, on the other hand, is flexible enough to support this use-case.
Our persistent event class is ready; see the event.hxx file for the complete version if you would like to try the example yourself. The next step is to compile this header with the ODB compiler to generate C++ code that actually does the saving/loading of this class to/from the SQLite database. Here is the command line:
odb -d sqlite -s -q -p boost/date-time event.hxx
Let's go through the options one-by-one: The -d ( --database ) option specifies the database we are using (SQLite in our case). The -s ( --generate-schema ) option instructs the ODB compiler to also generate the database schema, that is the SQL DDL statements that create tables, etc. By default, for SQLite, the schema is embedded into the generated C++ code. The -q ( --generate-query ) option tells the ODB compiler to generate query support code. Later we will see how to use queries to analyze our logs. However, if your application doesn't perform any analysis or if this analysis is performed off-line by another application, then you can omit this option and save on some generated code. Finally, the -p ( --profile ) option tells the ODB compiler to include the boost/date-time profile. We need it because we are using boost::posix_time::ptime as a data member in our persistent class (see ODB Manual for more information on ODB profiles).
The above command will produce three new files: event-odb.hxx , event-odb.ixx , and event-odb.cxx . The first file we need to #include into our source code and the third file we need to compile and link to our application.
Now we are ready to log some events. Here is an example that opens an SQLite database, re-creates the schema, and then logs a couple of events. I've added a few calls to sleep() so that we can get some time gaps between records:
void log (odb::database& db, const event& e) { transaction t (db.begin ()); db.persist (e); t.commit (); } int main () { odb::sqlite::database db ( "test.db", SQLITE_OPEN_READWRITE | SQLITE_OPEN_CREATE); // Create the database schema. // { transaction t (db.begin ()); schema_catalog::create_schema (db); t.commit (); } // Log some trading events. // log (db, event (buy, "INTC", 100, 25.10)); log (db, event (buy, "AMD", 200, 4.05)); log (db, event (buy, "ARM", 200, 26.25)); sleep (1); log (db, event (sell, "AMD", 50, 5.45)); log (db, event (buy, "ARM", 300, 25.35)); log (db, event (sell, "INTC", 100, 24.45)); sleep (1); log (db, event (sell, "AMD", 100, 4.45)); log (db, event (sell, "ARM", 150, 27.75)); }
We are now ready to build and run our example (see driver.cxx for the complete version). Here is the command line I used on my GNU/Linux box:
g++ -o driver driver.cxx event-odb.cxx -lodb-boost \ -lodb-sqlite -lodb -lboost_date_time
If we now run this example, it takes a few seconds (remember the sleep() calls) and finishes without any indication of whether it was successful or not. In a moment we will add some querying code to our example which will print returned log records. In the meantime, however, we can fire up the sqlite3 utility, which is a command line SQL client for SQLite, and examine our database:
$ sqlite3 test.db sqlite> select * from event; 0|INTC|100|25.1|2012-07-29 15:56:39.317903 0|AMD|200|4.05|2012-07-29 15:56:39.318812 0|ARM|200|26.25|2012-07-29 15:56:39.319459 1|AMD|50|5.45|2012-07-29 15:56:40.320095 0|ARM|300|25.35|2012-07-29 15:56:40.321089 1|INTC|100|24.45|2012-07-29 15:56:40.321703 1|AMD|100|4.45|2012-07-29 15:56:41.322475 1|ARM|150|27.75|2012-07-29 15:56:41.323717
As you can see, the database seems to contain all the records that we have logged.
Ok, logging was quite easy. Let's now see how we can run various queries on the logged records. To start, a simple one: find all the transactions involving AMD:
typedef odb::query<event> query; typedef odb::result<event> result; transaction t (db.begin ()); result r (db.query<event> (query::security == "AMD")); for (result::iterator i (r.begin ()); i != r.end (); ++i) cerr << *i << endl; t.commit ();
Or, a much more elegant C++11 version of the same transaction:
transaction t (db.begin ()); for (auto& e: db.query<event> (query::security == "AMD")) cerr << e << endl; t.commit ();
If we add this fragment at the end of our driver and run it, we will see the following output:
2012-Jul-29 16:03:05.585545 buy 200 AMD @ 4.05 2012-Jul-29 16:03:06.587784 sell 50 AMD @ 5.45 2012-Jul-29 16:03:07.590787 sell 100 AMD @ 4.45
What if we were only interested in transactions that happened in, say, the last 2 seconds. That's also easy:
ptime tm (microsec_clock::local_time () - seconds (2)); result r (db.query<event> (query::security == "AMD" && query::timestamp >= tm)); for (result::iterator i (r.begin ()); i != r.end (); ++i) cerr << *i << endl;
Again, if we add this code to the driver and run it, the output will change to:
2012-Jul-29 16:03:06.587784 sell 50 AMD @ 5.45 2012-Jul-29 16:03:07.590787 sell 100 AMD @ 4.45
I think you get the picture: with ODB we can slice and dice the log in any way we please. We can even select a subset of the record members or run aggregate queries thanks to an ODB feature called views.
Another operation that we may want to perform from time to time is to trim the log. The following code will delete all the records that are older than 2 seconds:
ptime tm (microsec_clock::local_time () - seconds (2)); db.erase_query<event> (query::timestamp < tm);
What about multi-threaded applications? Can we log to the same database from multiple threads simultaneously. The answer is yes. While it takes some effort to make an SQLite database usable from multiple threads, ODB takes care of that for us. With the release of SQLite 3.7.13, now we can even share an in-memory database among multiple threads (see this note for details).
As you can see, put together, SQLite and ODB can make a pretty powerful yet very simple to setup and use event logging system. It is fast, small, multi-threaded, and ACID compliant. For more information on ODB, refer to the ODB project page or jump directly to the ODB Manual.
The Federal Reserve's performance in this long-running financial and economic crisis deserves separate grades. For the early crisis period, from the summer of 2007 until a few weeks after the Lehman Brothers failure in mid-September 2008, the Fed's response was uneven. I would question several decisions. But the Fed deserves extremely high marks for its work since then. It has hit the bull's-eye regularly under very trying circumstances.
In academia and in the financial markets, the overwhelming attitude is: Hurrah, and thank goodness, for Ben Bernanke, who gets kudos for his boldness, creativity and smarts.
But not in the political world. The Fed is extremely unpopular in Congress and is facing hostile and potentially detrimental actions from both sides of the aisle. While the reform proposals put forward by the Treasury Department and by House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank (D-Mass.) would enhance the Fed's regulatory powers, the draft bill by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd (D-Conn.) would clip the Fed's regulatory wings substantially.
Worse, legislation that just proceeded through the House Financial Services Committee could imperil the Fed's ability to conduct an independent monetary policy. With more than two-thirds of the House co-sponsoring the so-called Paul bill, prospects for floor passage unfortunately look good.
The Federal Reserve Transparency Act sounds like something everyone should support. But the legislation, introduced by Rep. Ron Paul (R-Tex.), is not really about transparency. The implications of H.R. 1207 are suggested more accurately by the title of Paul's best-selling book: "End the Fed." If enacted, this bill would subject the Fed's monetary policy decisions and its dealings with foreign central banks to audit by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) -- which normally acts on requests from Congress. Under current law, these aspects of Fed business have been explicitly ruled off-limits (though the rest is auditable).
Is this extension of the GAO's reach, and hence that of Congress, a good idea? If you believe we'd get better monetary policy with decisions made by Congress in open debate, or heavily influenced by congressional opinion, it certainly is. But how many actually believe that? Very, very few.
H.R. 1207 seems innocuous enough. The overall question it raises sounds fair: After all, why should the Fed be immune from audit? In fact, it is not. The Fed already gets its books examined regularly. Let me assure you, Chairman Bernanke is not flying in private jets or lunching on caviar. Furthermore, the GAO is already authorized to examine most aspects of Fed operations. It can audit the Fed's special financial arrangements for Bear Stearns, AIG, Citigroup and Bank of America -- to name the most prominent examples.
In addition, the chairman and other Fed officials testify frequently before congressional committees, including on monetary policy -- precisely the area in which it is independent of (but accountable to) Congress. And the Fed's monetary policy decisions are dissected and evaluated by markets and the media in excruciating detail on a virtually continuous basis. The Fed gets plenty of scrutiny -- as it should.
But a congressional audit of monetary policy -- remember, the GAO works for Congress -- could easily develop into something quite different. Here is a not-very-hypothetical example:
In all likelihood, the Fed will begin the process of exiting from its current hyper-expansionary monetary policy next year. When it does so, interest rates will start rising even though unemployment is still high. It is entirely predictable that some in Congress will be unhappy with the Fed's decisions, maybe even livid. Would we welcome a critical GAO audit of monetary policy, which members of Congress could use to browbeat, perhaps even to intimidate, members of the Fed's rate-setting body, the Federal Open Market Committee? Would we like to see the FOMC members called on the congressional carpet to explain why they are "killing jobs"? Would we like Congress to override the Fed's decisions and set monetary policy -- which is its constitutional right? I think and hope not.
An independent monetary policy, designed and executed by the Federal Reserve, is one of the great and enduring achievements of the Progressive Era. It has enabled the long time-horizons of technocrats to triumph over the short-term perspectives of politicians, bringing us low inflation over the decades. Because of this, and because technocratic monetary policy seems to be more skillful than political monetary policy, the Fed's independence has been admired and imitated by country after country. Passage of the Paul bill would be a step away from independent monetary policy and a step toward ending the Fed as we know it.
That is a step we should not take.
The writer, a former vice chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, is a professor of economics and public affairs at Princeton University.
Image copyright Getty Images
A growing number of Scots have no savings, according to a new study.
An annual Bank of Scotland survey found 21% of people had not put any money away - up from 18% a year earlier.
The How Scotland Lives study also found 38% of Scots had savings of less than £2,500.
More than one in 10 savers said they were just saving towards a short-term goal, such as a holiday, while the same proportion were saving only for the long-term.
More than a third said they were saving for both.
The research also found that people in Glasgow were putting away the least amount, with 27% saying they did not have any savings to their name.
Bank of Scotland director Mike Moran said: "Our research suggests that many Scots have literally nothing to fall back on if they were to get into financial difficulties.
"It's recommended that everyone has three to six months' wages in savings, just as a back-up in case something unexpected happens."
The bank polled more than 2,000 people across Scotland in December last year.
In the wake of the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary slaughter in Newtown, CT, New York state passed an “an expansive package of gun control measures” which read like a progressive fantasy: ban “assault weapons,” create a list of dangerous mental patients and confiscate their guns.
As today's New York Times details, several problems arose on the road to peaceful Utopia. But, progressives can delight in the news that they've compiled a list of 34,500 Americans who no longer have 2nd Amendment, 4th Amendment or 14th Amendment rights. For these folks, New York state is a Constitution-free zone.
Under the “Safe Act,” county officials were to screen and forward names from mental health workers to a state agency. But those county employees did not, generally, have direct contact with the patient, nor did the bureaucrats in Albany. The county workers, quickly overwhelmed with the volume of submissions, began rubber-stamping. The much-touted government oversight became at best cursory, at worst, nonexistent.
Only 278 among the 34,500 were found to have gun permits, and guns were seized from an unknown number of them. But only New York City requires permits for long guns anyway, so a person on that list may go shopping elsewhere, and the government will not know about his purchase. In addition, there's no way for law enforcement to know whether they've confiscated all of a person's weapons. So, essentially, the program may seize SOME guns from people in a designated zone (NYC), but only if they obeyed the law by getting a gun permit.
Of course, if you have a mental health issue and you treasure your natural, God-given 2nd Amendment right to self-defense, then the law discourages you from seeking professional help with the threat of confiscating your property and your security.
This is all fine with the progressives who love to keep their women defenseless, their poor, disadvantaged thugs unperforated and out of jail, and their government ruling with an iron fist — but above all, who love to be SEEN as doing something about a problem.
Gun control supporters argue a wide net is appropriate, given the potentially dire consequences. Even if just one dangerous person had a gun taken away, “that's a good thing,” said Brian Malte, senior national policy director of the Brady Campaign To Prevent Gun Violence.
Now, Mr. Malte fails to consider the possibility that he may have taken that gun away from a person who then has to confront a pistol-packing burglar in his home, armed with nothing but a Salad Shooter, or a Swiffer mop.
New York Governor Mario Cuomo signed the Safe Act in 2013, which has created a Constitution-free zone for 34,500 Americans, and has stopped not one gun crime or mass shooting.
The dangerous truth about all of this “gun control" is that none of it will save a single life. Worse, it will delude a certain portion of the population into thinking that they, and their children, are safer — after all, we passed the "Safe Act."
Update by Polina Hristova, Concept Artist/Nightmare Engineer and Brandon Adler, Producery Type
Polina in her natural habitat.
Hello, everyone. This week will feature an interview with Project Eternity concept artist Polina Hristova. While a Project Eternity concept artist has to be well-rounded in their skill set, Polina specializes in creature concepts. Enjoy.
Q: Hello, Polina. What is your job on the Project Eternity team?
A: I'm a general concept artist =). My primary purpose is to design what things look like (creatures, characters, environments, etc) and help get the conversations started. But I also try to do my best at making things look cool and try to solve any problems the modelers and animators might come by before they spend hours building it.
Q: What are you working on this week?
A: This week I wrapped finished up some critters: the drake and the spear spider.
Q: What is your typical work day like on Project Eternity?
A: I guess in comparison to most, my work day is pretty simple. I get to draw pretty pictures. The days differ based on the assignment and I do sometimes change my methods since creativity does flow differently day to day, but my general pipeline goes like this: I meet with Josh and the designers to get a description on what I'd be working on. Sometimes these descriptions can range from a simple word to an extremely detailed description on facial structure, hair length and color, outfit, tattoos, amount of skin pores... (okay I'm exaggerating the skin pore part)... and anywhere in between. I'll also talk with the animators if the creatures would share rigs or any other potential problems we can have (it's best to design with these problems in mind than having to change the design a lot later). After that (and depending on schedule) I'll do a number of variants fitting the description and summon a mini-character scrum (Josh, the designers, Rob, our modelers, and our animators). Together they'll discuss any problems or make any suggestions and pick a variant that I'll take to final.
Q: What are you most looking forward to on Project Eternity?
A: I am really looking forward to playing it. =) But for now I'm really just enjoying watching the game come to reality. I love watching peoples' creations come to life and I give many props to our modelers and animators for all their hard work. I love how they animated skuldr and his sneaky "I'm gunna getcha!" walk.
Q: Which Project Eternity creature that you have concepted excites you the most?
A: This questions a trick question. Creatures all excite me. I LOVE creatures, aliens (not relative) and things that go bump in the night. I guess if you had to make me pick right now I would have to say the drake =) but I have a weakness for dragons and it's also the thing most current in my brain. I also really enjoyed designing the godlike heads.
Q: What other games have you worked on?
A: I'm actually pretty new to the industry. I graduated from school in '09 and I didn't get my first fulltime game job position until Obsidian ('11), but I've had the pleasure to intern and freelance on some amazing projects. I've worked on Naughty Dog's Uncharted 2, PlayStation Move Heroes, some other unannounced titles (some of which will sadly never see the light of day), and the Dungeon Siege 3 DLC: Treasures of the Sun.
Drawing one of the endless tide of creatures.
Q: What do you like to do when you aren't creating creatures that haunt my nightmares?
A: I have a massive range of hobbies, from collecting costumes, traveling to national parks, watching movies, playing games, being weird and goofy, swimming, kendo, amateur photography and more. But when I'm not working, or spending time with my family or friends, I still prefer to spend my time drawing and scribbling... especially at the Zoo.
Q: Do you have a favorite concept artist?
A: I have a lot and I hope I don't leave any of them out, but here are the guys currently on the top of my mind: Anthony Jones, Khange Le, Ian McCaig, Jordu Schell, Craig Mullins, Andrew Jones, Erik Tiemens, Robh Ruppel, PaperBlue.net, Carlo Arellano, Carlos Huante, Charlie Wen, and Aris Kolokontes.
Q: And where do you draw your inspiration from?
A: Nature. Nature will always have us concept artists beat. =) It does some weird ****. =D
Q: What's your favorite game?
A: I think to this day Zelda Ocarina of Time holds a special place in my heart. Sure the other Zeldas are still great (except maybe Skyward Sword... but that's more of a controller issue) But Ocarina of time has the perfect mixture of exploration, puzzle solving, action and story, and it was one of the first games that made me go "oooooooooooooo... I wanna do that! This is so beautiful." (Graphics back then...)
Q: Anything else you would like to share?
A: I like to hide in dark corners... and make random creature noises. =)
Crafting Feedback and Answers
After getting a ton of feedback and responses to the last update on Crafting Josh has decided to make some changes to the proposed system. Check out this forum post which breaks down those changes and provides some additional clarification.
Well, that's it for now. Head over to Obsidian's Project Eternity forums and let us know what you think about the latest update, Project Eternity or your cat JoJo. See you guys in a couple of weeks.
Chris Adcock and Gabby White became only the second English pair to win a badminton super-series event with victory in Hong Kong.
Husband and wife Chris Adcock and Gabby White think their historic superseries win proves they can challenge for Commonwealth Games honours in 2014.
The English duo, who married in August, ousted China's Olympic champions Zhang Nan and Zhao Yunlei to reach the Hong Kong Open final, where they beat Cheng Liu and Bao Yixin.
When we're at home normally we're with Bowser, our dog, which is a way of taking the focus off badminton Gabby White
"Winning in Glasgow is something we both dream of," White told BBC Sport.
"This result has given us so much confidence that we can do it."
The only other English pair to win a superseries event were Nathan Robertson and Anthony Clark in 2009.
Adcock and White, who played together as juniors but were only restored as a partnership in November last year, will rise to fifth when the new world rankings are released early next month.
"To say we're a top-five team and have beaten the current world and Olympic champions, as well as the world number one pair, and claimed a superseries is something we'd have snapped your hand off for 11 months ago," said Adcock, 24.
"We now need to consolidate these great results and make sure we're consistently in the top eight and hopefully look towards the very top in the future."
Their current position is in stark contrast to their fortunes earlier in the season, when they suffered early exits at both the All-England and World Championship events.
A three-week break for their honeymoon in Las Vegas and Hawaii, which saw them miss the inaugural London Grand Prix, proved to be a pivotal moment in their season.
"There was a lot going on around the wedding [outside of the sport] but when we came back from the Worlds we weren't happy with how we'd played and had a bit of a reality check," said 23-year-old White.
"We knew we had the individual talent to achieve what we want, but just needed to gel on the court. So we went back into training and did a lot of extra work - then it was just a case of getting that one confidence-boosting win."
They now have that victory, but their path to Commonwealth glory will not be straightforward.
Media playback is not supported on this device Badminton
Malaysian pair Chan Peng Soon and Goh Liu Ying are the highest-ranked pair from a nation which qualifies for Glasgow 2014.
Adcock's former partner Imogen Bankier, with whom he won World Championship silver in 2011, has formed a strong pairing with fellow Scot Robert Blair - who used to play with White.
"Gabby and I know Bob and Imogen really well. They won the Scottish Open, which was a good performance by them, so if we did play them [in Glasgow] it would be interesting to say the least," he said.
By being in the top eight of the end-of-season rankings, Adcock and White have qualified for the Superseries Grand Final, which takes place in Malaysia from 11-15 December.
After a three-week break over Christmas they will begin their final preparations for the Commonwealth Games, which begin in July, at the season-opening Korean Open in January.
Girls' Generation member YoonA has been cast as the lead in the upcoming Chinese historical drama “God of War Zhao Yun” (working title).
This historical epic will be YoonA's Chinese acting debut, as she has never appeared in a Chinese drama before. “God of War Zhao Yun” will be a historical epic that tells the story of Zhao Yun from the legendary novel “Romance of the Three Kingdoms.” It will be broadcasted on Hunan TV starting in August of 2015.
YoonA will play the love interest of the protagonist Zhao Yun, who will be portrayed by Chinese actor Lin Gengxin.
The filming for the drama will start in January.
Previously, YoonA has appeared in lead roles in Korean dramas like “The Prime Minister and I” and “Love Rain.”
This is in reference to the Operation Azure Orbs. Want to bankrupt Polygon? This is how you do it. Follow through with it, point out how Vox is alienating young males.
http://wiki.gamergate.me/index.php?title=Projects:Operation_Azure_Orbs
https://archive.is/iNRVV
Evidence of Steston-Caliber's advertisements with SB-Nation:
https://archive.is/KqFPX
Vox owns SB-Nation, Polygon and The Verge. All inter-connected.
So let's see, evidence that Vox and their properties are for the young male audience? Let's have a look:
Admits audience for Polygon are young males - https://archive.is/oklon#selection-919.0-919.34
Graphs show The Verge's audience are males aged between 18-34 - https://archive.is/Jj3pS#selection-1413.0-1413.10
Graphs show audience for SB-Nation are also overwhelmingly males aged between 18-34 -https://archive.is/AgAQ5#selection-1333.0-1333.10
Abuses towards 18 + male demographic
Polygon
Slanders gamers; most being 18-34 male - https://archive.today/rkvO8
Says all video games are stupid - https://archive.is/g6FaX#selection-1531.0-1531.38
The Verge
Calls a Dr. Matt Taylor a misogynist for wearing a T-Shirt of clad women; not only do they assume he is a sexist for wearing such a thing but bully him into an apology - https://archive.is/SlKvz
Vox
Vox supports imprisoning innocent males - https://archive.is/pehlQ
Vox doubles down on it - https://archive.is/fxBbf#selection-957.542-957.609
So we should contact the advertisers of SB-Nation to show them how they are excluding other men (such as ourselves/others) in their demographic - they exclude other men as we want to support SB-Nation but do not want to support Vox's other properties, which demonize young males, thus we urge advertisers to re-consider whether they want to advertise on a site which hinders market potential; the overlap between techies/gamers into sports websites such as SB-Nation is hindered by this.
To expand on that, this is how you illustrate each point, examples:
The Verge attacking Dr. Taylor is quite contradictory given that NFL matches have...cheerleaders; does it make me a misogynist for liking clad cheerleaders? Why does SB-Nation cover such a sport yet their other property demonizes men who like this?
Why should I support SB-Nation if Vox's other property Polygon is calling ''all video games stupid''? As a gamer and an NFL fan, I want to support SB-Nation but don't want to give Vox revenue if their parent website Polygon is slandering my hobby and gamer identity
Why should I support SB-Nation if Vox media supports imprisoning other males of my age-range?
Example email (don't use this exact wording):
Hello, I am emailing you in regards to your advertisement and association with SB-Nation. While I am a sports fan, this overlaps with my gaming hobby and interest in technology. While SB-Nation is a good site for sports, it is owned by Vox media, which owns other properties for tech and gaming (Polygon, The Verge, Vox). Vox's properties have constantly slandered the male demographic, such as myself. This is despite the fact that the male demographic is their core audience, the evidence for this: Polygon admitting core audience are young males (https://archive.is/oklon#selection-919.0-919.34) The Verge and SB-Nation core audience are young males aged between 18-34: https://archive.is/Jj3pS#selection-1413.0-1413.10 https://archive.is/AgAQ5#selection-1333.0-1333.10 Despite this, these sites have not only slandered my hobby/the hobbies of many others but also demonized the male demographic. Polygon has called all video games stupid and insulted the gamer demographic - (https://archive.today/rkvO8) + (https://archive.is/g6FaX#selection-1531.0-1531.38) Vox has supported laws which demonize young males, and would see young males imprisoned (https://archive.is/pehlQ) + (https://archive.is/fxBbf#selection-957.542-957.609) And The Verge, ironically libelled a respected Scientist as a 'misogynist' for wearing a T-Shirt of clad women. This incident has now become infamous, yet how can a Vox property slander men for liking clad women yet SB-Nation covers sports which have cheerleaders? Who's primary goal is to look clad for men?
^ https://archive.is/SlKvz
There are many others such as myself who would like to support SB-Nation and Stetson Caliber, but are wary with who we give money and revenue to. There are a lot of us who would like to point out that market potential is hindered, SB-Nation is partnered with sites that prevent an overlap in readership between Vox's properties as some of those properties not only openly insult readership, but also demonize the male audience and insult their own readership; in addition to libelling people. Based on this, I won't be supporting SB-Nation, and I urge you to re-consider advertisement with a website that that hinders their market potential by insulting the people they claim to appeal to. I will also not be buying any of your products. I will instead consider buying those of competitors.
Well, Stetson Caliber is owned by Coty, who have a VP Communications person. Here is her email.
jessica_baltera@cotyinc.com
LAST week an American filmmaker's 29-minute documentary about a campaign to bring a Ugandan warlord to justice stopped the planet.
Jason Russell's provocative and divisive KONY 2012 captured global attention, sparking a viral social media movement and attracting the eyes and ears of media outlets everywhere.
At time of writing, the film that aims to make Joseph Kony famous, has drawn 72.9 million views on YouTube and 16.3 million on Vimeo.
OK. So essentially the world now knows all about Kony, the outlawed leader of the Lord's Resistance Army, a guerilla group responsible for the abduction, enslavement and rape of tens of thousands of children.
As the manhunt for Kony continues (he's believed to be hiding in the Central African Republic), news.com.au takes a look at nine other notorious figures under the watch of the International Criminal Court.
Kony was the first man indicted by the ICC, in 2005, and the other nine names on this list round out the first 10 targets of the Hague-based justice body.
Raska Lukwiya
Indicted: July, 2005
Country: Uganda
Charges: 4 - Crimes against humanity (enslavement); War crimes (cruel treatment, attacks on civilians)
Status: Dead. Lukwiya was third in command of the LRA, led by Kony. He was killed in 2006 by Uganda's military, amid faltering peace negotiations. His death prompted the ICC to terminate its case.
Okot Odhiambo
Indicted: July, 2005
Country: Uganda
Charges: 10 - Crimes against humanity (murder, enslavement); war crimes (murder, intentionally directing attacks against civilian populations, pillaging, forced enlisting of children)
Status: Unknown. Odhiambo defected from the LRA in 2009 after a serious gunshot wound. This story is disputed by the LRA, which claims it was concocted by Uganda's military. A senior member of the guerilla group, he's also known as Two Victor. His whereabouts are unknown. The ICC's case remains open, despite rumours of Odhiambo's death.
Dominic Ongwen
Indicted: July, 2005
Country: Uganda
Charges: 7 - Crimes against humanity (murder, enslavement, inhumane acts of inflicting serious bodily injury and suffering); war crimes (murder, cruel treatment of civilians, intentionally directing attacks against civilian populations, pillaging)
Status: Fugitive. Interpol demanded his arrest in June 2006. Ongwen was reported to have been killed six years ago, but a DNA test proved that to be false. He's a former child soldier, abducted by the LRA when he was 10.
Vincent Otti
Indicted: July, 2005
Country: Uganda
Charges: 32 - Crimes against humanity (murder, sexual enslavement, inhumane acts of inflicting serious bodily injury and suffering); (rape, intentionally directing an attack against a civilian population, forced enlistment of children, cruel treatment of civilians, pillaging)
Status: Dead. Otti was a founding member of the LRA and the second-in-charge to Kony. He was killed in 2007, though this was not confirmed until January 2008. It's reported he was executed by firing squad at Kony's request, for conspiring against the LRA leader. Awaiting his death, he's rumoured to have said:
"What crime have I committed? Are you really going to kill me? All along, I have been so good to you. Why can't you tell me my mistake? May God help you."
Thomas Lubanga Dyilo
Indicted: February, 2006
Country: Democratic Republic of Congo
Charges: 3 - War crimes (conscripting and enlisting children under the age of 15 years and using them to participate actively in hostilities)
Status: Arrested and undergoing ICC trial. The ICC will hand down the findings of the trial on March 14. That will be about a week after Australia was gripped by KONY 2012. Stay tuned for the results of the ICC's first ever criminal trial, which has heard from 129 of Dyilo's alleged victims.
Bosco Ntaganda
Indicted: August, 2006
Country: Democratic Republic of Congo
Charges: 3 - War crimes (enlisting and conscripting children under the age of 15 years and using them to participate actively in hostilities)
Status: Fugitive. Ntaganda is the military chief-of-staff of armed militia group CNDP which operates in the DRC, and has allegedly taken a part in massacres. He's a Rwandan native and fought with the RPA, helping to overthrow the country's regime in 1994.
Ahmed Haroun
Indicted: April, 2007
Country: Sudan
Charges: 42 - Crimes against humanity (murder, persecution, forcible transfer of population, rape, inhumane acts, imprisonment or severe deprivation of liberty, torture); War crimes (murder, attacks against the civilian population, destruction of property, rape, pillaging, outrage upon personal dignity)
Status: Fugitive. The governor of South Kordofan, and has appointed several military personnel to his government to secure his state's area in the south of Sudan. He's accused of playing a key role in the brutal Janjaweed militia, but the Sudanese Government will not surrender Haroun to the ICC. Previously he was Minister of State for the Interior and Humanitarian Affairs in Darfur.
Ali Kushayb
Indicted: April, 2007
Country: Sudan
Charges: 50 - Crimes against humanity (murder, deportation or forcible transfer of population, imprisonment or other severe deprivation of physical liberty in violation of fundamental rules of international law, torture, persecution, inhumane acts of inflicting serious bodily injury and suffering); War crimes (violence to life and person, outrage upon personal dignity in particular humiliating and degrading treatment, intentionally directing an attack against a civilian population, pillaging, rape, destroying or seizing the property)
Status: Fugitive. A senior commander who instructed thousands in the Janjaweed militia, and took an active role in attacks against townships that led to murder, rape, torture and pillaging. Reportedly arrested by Sudanese Government in 2008.
Germain Katanga
Indicted: July, 2007
Country: Democratic Republic of Congo
Charges: 9 - Crimes against humanity (murder, inhumane acts, sexual slavery); War crimes (wilful killing, inhuman treatment or cruel treatment, using children under the age of 15 years to participate actively in hostilities, sexual slavery, intentionally directing attacks against civilians, pillaging)
Status: Arrested in 2007 and surrendered by Congolese officials to the ICC. Katanga's trial began on November 24, 2009 and remains ongoing. He's alleged to have commanded an "indiscriminate killing spree" as the top commander of the FRPI, a Congolese militia group, massacred 1200 people at a hospital in 2002, and held connections to the murder of UN peacekeepers.
Salma Hayek has called the gender pay gap 'violence against women'
Salma Hayek has blasted the gender pay gap in society as 'violence against women'.
The Mexican-American actress said the discrepancy in pay between men and women was a form of violence suffered by women around the world.
In a discussion about violence against women at the Cannes Film Festival yesterday, she said that men do not 'think of this as violence because it is the normality'.
She explained: 'One of the biggest problems is that sometimes when violence goes on for a long time it becomes accepted as a normality.
'Culturally there's always violence in different ways that people don't see. A lot of us think of places where it's very obvious that women are going through very violent situations. We see it like, 'It's in another country, it's far away.'
'For so many years it was not even talked about that we make less money even if we have the same qualifications and in many cases even more qualifications than a man. They don't even think of this as violence because it's the normality.'
Miss Hayek, 50, also criticised the 'macho' culture of Hollywood during the Women In Motion talk organised by luxury fashion company Kering.
The Frida star, a women's rights campaigner, said women are more likely to get roles if they are 'pretty' but can be subjected to 'violence' by male colleagues if they prove themselves to be intelligent as well.
Salma Hayek and Francois-Henri Pinault in Cannes. Salma said it was 'violent' to assume pretty women were stupid
Salma Hayek Pinault attends Kering Talks Women In Motion, where she spoke about violence against women
She said: 'It is true that if you are pretty then you can get parts easier. But then it is really violent to assume that if you are pretty then you're stupid.
'There's another violence that people don't talk about - if they [men] realise that you are smart then the anger really multiplies.'
Miss Hayek, whose French billionaire husband François-Henri Pinault is CEO of Kering, became emotional as she spoke about the terror attack in Manchester on a Ariana Grande concert.
The actress, who has a nine-year-old daughter, Valentina, with Mr Pinault, said: 'I'm terrified, I don't know what to say to my daughter.
Miss Hayek became emotional when discussing the Manchester attack, saying she would have bought tickets for her daughter had the gig been in London
'Ariane Grande is my daughter's favourite and if this concert was in London, my daughter would have been there.'
Miss Hayek and Mr Pinault, 54, divide their time between Paris and West London, where the couple bought a home in 2014. Their daughter enrolled in a local primary school upon their arrival in London.
OTTAWA — It cost the federal government as much to defend in court its decision to destroy the long-gun registry as it did to kill it and the RCMP is not pleased to have had to pick up the tab, documents suggest.
The RCMP was billed $1.1 million for litigation costs last year to fight provincial efforts to halt the destruction of the long-gun registry.
The government had already erased the data for the rest of the country at a cost of just under $1 million, according to a previous report.
In a letter to the deputy minister of public safety, Commissioner Bob Paulson indicated the RCMP had “identified” funds to cover the litigation costs this year but he made no promises for the future.
“While we are able to be of assistance this fiscal year, I do not expect that we will enjoy such flexibility in years to come given the escalating impacts of the Deficit Reduction Action Plan and other significant internal budget pressures,” he wrote in what appeared to be a more diplomatic final version of the letter.
“It is recommended that for the fiscal year 2013-2014 and beyond, Public Safety Canada identifies an alternative source for funding for Bill C-19 litigation costs.”
His latter comment came in a sharper draft of the letter. Both documents were obtained by Ottawa researcher Ken Rubin through access to information legislation.
The Ending the Long-gun Registry Act became law in April 2012 despite opposition from police, gun control advocates and several provinces, including Quebec, which recently got the green light to challenge the government's plan to destroy the records before the Supreme Court.
The province wants to preserve federal data on long-guns registered in Quebec in a bid to create its own registry.
Quebec was instrumental in the creation of the federal registry, ushered in by Jean Chretien's Liberal government in response to the 1989 massacre at Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal where 14 women were gunned down by madman Marc Lepine.
Now a national day of remembrance and action to end violence against women, Canadians will mark the 24th anniversary of the massacre on Friday.
According to the documents, it's estimated to have cost the RCMP another $571,080 to maintain the federal long-gun registry records in Quebec pending the resolution of its challenge. That said, the cost estimate is only up to date as of September 30, 2012, which means the price tag may well have more than doubled since then.
If Quebec loses its bid to keep the records, the RCMP estimates it'll cost another $80,000 to delete them over the course of 80 days.
While a similar challenge to preserve the records ultimately failed in Ontario in September 2012, the RCMP produced a cost analysis about a month earlier just in case. The analysis considered two scenarios: the cost of preserving the data in Ontario alone, and the cost of preserving the data everywhere but Quebec.
Preserving the data in Ontario until the end of the last fiscal year would have cost the RCMP $2.2 million. It would have cost more than $5 million more to preserve the data across Canada, excluding Quebec.
“The (Canadian Firearms Program) would require additional funding if the Ontario motion on non-restricted firearms registration continues into fiscal year 2013-14, in order to address backlogs and meet (Deficit Reduction Action Plan) targets,” the documents say.
The estimates relate strictly to the RCMP and do not include costs incurred by Justice Canada or the department of Public Safety.
tcohen@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/tobicohen
Related articles
Six North Carolina brothers have been arrested for sexually abusing their sister for almost a decade, and their parents have been charged with failing to stop the abuse.
The family was arrested on Tuesday after a year-long investigation looking into the home-school family following a confession one of the brothers gave to a priest in 2012.
The parents, 54-year-old Nita Jackson and 65-year-old John Jackson, have been charged with felony child neglect but have both been released on $15,000 bond.
The six brothers have been charged with various crimes, ranging from abuse to rape.
The oldest brother, Eric Jackson, 27, is charged with three counts of rape of a child, three counts of statutory rape of a child under six, and three counts of sex offense.
Jon Jackson, 25, is charged with first degree sex offense.
Mathew Jackson, 23, is charged with five counts of rape of a child.
Nathaniel Jackson, 21, is charged with two counts of first degree offense and three counts of statutory rape.
The two younger brothers, 19-year-old Aaron and 19-year-old Benjamin, are charged with three counts of statutory rape.
Sheriff Eric Tilley told reporters “personally, I lay the blame on the parents, and their charges are less than what the boys are going to get. It's their responsibilities to raise those kids and somewhere along the line, they failed. How many people are going to walk into a law enforcement office and say ‘I had sex with a child?' It just doesn't happen. These kids, they do have belief in the Bible. They knew it was wrong and they had to get it out.”
According to one of the brothers, their mom discovered him abusing the girl at least once and just turned and left the room without saying anything.
The girl was abused starting when she was four and lasted until she was 14. The girl, now 16, is currently living in Colorado, far away from these monsters.
Close Out The Year With Some Best-Selling Last Words
iStockphoto.com
People often make lists of the greatest opening lines in fiction, but closing lines really appeal to me. They're your final moments with a book and can help you remember and treasure it forever.
The last weekend of the year seems an appropriate time to consider the final words of our favorite novels and short stories. Here are some that I'm especially fond of:
The Great Gatsby
F. Scott Fitzgerald
"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."
Middlemarch
George Eliot
"But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive, for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts, and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life and rest in unvisited tombs."
Still Life With Woodpecker
Tom Robbins
"But I can and will remind you of two of the most important facts I know: (1) Everything is part of it. (2) It's never too late to have a happy childhood."
The Good Earth
Pearl Buck
"'Rest assured, our father, rest assured. The land is not to be sold.' But over the old man's head they looked at each other and smiled."
The Dharma Bums
Jack Kerouac
"Then I added 'Blah,' with a little grin, because I knew that shack and that mountain would understand what that meant, and turned and went on down the trail back to this world."
Angela's Ashes
Frank McCourt
"I stand on the deck with the Wireless Officer looking at the lights of America twinkling. He says, 'My God, that was a lovely night, Frank. Isn't this a great country altogether?' 'Tis.'"
The Haunting of Hill House
Shirley Jackson
"Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone."
The Dead
James Joyce
"His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead."
The Silence of the Lambs
Thomas Harris
"But the face on the pillow, rosy in the firelight, is certainly that of Clarice Starling, and she sleeps deeply, sweetly, in the silence of the lambs."
The World According to Garp
John Irving
"In the world according to her father, Jenny Garp knew, we must have energy. Her famous grandmother, Jenny Fields, once thought of us as Externals, Vital Organs, Absentees, and Goners. But in the world according to Garp, we are all terminal cases." (Note: John Irving has told interviewers that he always writes the last lines of his novels first.)
What last lines would you share from your favorite books? Please add yours to the comments section below.
Notes from closed-door meeting reveal collusion between GOP AGs, industry lobbyists to defend ExxonMobil and obstruct climate change legislation
Republican attorneys general held private, undisclosed meetings with fossil fuel industry lobbyists in July to coordinate on shielding ExxonMobil from scrutiny as the company faces an ongoing investigation over allegations that it intentionally misled the public and its own shareholders about evidence of climate change, according to an audio recording of the session obtained by the Center for Media and Democracy.
Transcript available here.
The meeting occurred at a July 2016 summit hosted by the Republican Attorneys General Association (RAGA) in Colorado, and included representatives from the Competitive Enterprise Institute (CEI) and the American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM), organizations which have previously received substantial funding from Exxon and the fossil fuel industry. At the summit, attorneys general including Luther Strange (R-AL) participated in a panel presentation titled “Climate Change Debate: How Speech is Being Stifled” alongside CEI Director Myron Ebell and AFPM President Chet Thompson.
“The great irony here is that we have heard false cries from the Republican attorneys general about a conspiracy between environmental groups and the Democratic attorneys generals,” said Nick Surgey, Research Director of the Center for Media and Democracy. “But these documents reveal a serious conflict of interest: RAGA is facilitating secret meetings between the profit-motivated fossil fuel industry and attorneys general to engineer pushback on investigations of ExxonMobil— and then raising money from oil and gas companies to keep those same Republican attorneys general in office.”
This past June, thirteen Republican attorneys—including AG Strange—penned an open letter to their fellow attorneys general in the defense of Exxon and the oil and gas industry. During the discussion, AFPM President Chet Thompson thanked the attorneys general for their ‘leadership' and ‘support' in the investigations of oil companies, and asked for further assistance in blocking the EPA ‘social cost of carbon' disclosure rules for the fossil fuel industry and halting the college divestment campaigns.
The Center for Media and Democracy has previously found that corporations can pay a premium rate RAGA membership fee of up to $125,000 for the privilege of holding private briefings with attorneys general and their staff, as well as attending the annual meeting. The conference provides ample opportunity for attorneys general to directly solicit campaign contributions from corporate representatives during private meetings, informal conversations and leisure activities—like a golf tournament, zip lining, and a tour of the Olympic training center.
According to materials reviewed by CMD, since 2015 RAGA has received at least $100,000 from ExxonMobil, $350,000 from Koch Industries, $85,000 from Southern Company, $378,250 from the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity (ACCCE), and $250,000 from Murray Energy. In total, fossil fuel interests, utilities and their trade groups have given more than $2.25 million to RAGA since 2015.
Doctor Who is a thing of the day: Steven Moffat weirdly limits who can be a companion
Steven Moffat has teased a bit of info on the new companion, to be played by Jenna-Louise Coleman. NME quotes Moffat from Doctor Who is a Magazine (which isn't online):
It's going to be a shock, I think. In terms of the companions all being ‘the same' – that's not as phony or artistically crap a thing to say as it sounds. What is the base group of people who would run away with the Doctor? They're all going to be a bit mad. A bit dislocated. Not happy with where they are. Are they yearning for outer space? They're going to be people who feel like they can take on the Doctor, who's quite an intimidating sort of person. So, they're going to be feisty – they're going to be all those things. He sort of defines the people who are going to travel with him. The distinction comes very much from the various actors and actresses. So, you know, they're the ones who create the differences between them. But you are always going to have the same sort of person, just because it's the same man choosing them, and it's the same person being chosen. … It's just a question of who credibly is going to agree to go in the TARDIS? Who's going to do it? Is it going to be a mother of 15 children? No. Is it going to be someone in their 60s? No. Is there going to be a particular age range? I mean… who's going to have a crush on the Doctor? You know, come on! It's more than a format. It's evolved from good, dramatic reasons.
Moffat isn't wrong… to a point. Yes, there is a certain personality type that will be drawn to running away with the Doctor. But he's limiting himself in a way that's frankly shocking for the guy running a show like Doctor Who, in which the range of dramatic possibilities is far wider than for most other shows.
Does Moffat seriously believe that only young people feel dislocated or dream of outer space or are a bit mad? Does he seriously think that a 60-year-old woman — or a 60-year-old man, for that matter — couldn't possibly have a crush on the Doctor? Does he seriously believe that the only basis for wanting to run away with the Doctor is a sort of generic low-level disaffection with ordinary everyday life?
Moffat's restrictions make sense only from a narrow, white, male, middle-class, Western, heteronormative perspective. Yes, Doctor Who is a basically a kids' show, and intended for a general British audience, so we can't expect it to be too daring. But Moffat is still limiting himself too much. The show has already broached topics such as child abuse (“Fear Her”), so why not a young person who's fleeing abuse? The show deals with military matters constantly, so why not a young soldier fleeing a deployment to the Middle East? Of course, there's no reason why a companion must be from 2012. Why not someone fleeing Nazi oppression? Fleeing slavery on a Southern plantation in 1820? There could be many good reasons why someone wants to fly away with the Doctor that aren't about having a crush on him but about wanting to get away from a hellish existence even if he or she doesn't quite trust the Doctor.
What about someone with a nefarious purpose for joining the Doctor? The show could use a new companion like Turlough, from the Peter Davison era, who wasn't just fleeing an intolerable situation but was “hired” by the Black Guardian to kill the Doctor (and who slowly figured out that this would be a bad thing to do, and slowly came around to life on the TARDIS with companions who never quite trust him). For that matter, Turlough was an alien (at least culturally, if not biologically) — why not a nonhuman or at least non-Terran companion with nonhuman and/or non-Terran motives for hooking up with the Doctor?
The possibilities are almost literally endless. Why can't Moffat see that?
(If you stumble across a cool Doctor Who is a thing, feel free to email me with a link.)
With an official opening ceremony slated for midday SLT on Friday, February 20th, 2015, the six regions of the 2015 Second Life Science-Fiction Convention, organised by the SL Sic-Fi Alliance, are now open and will remain docked in Second Life through until March 1st, 2015 inclusive.
The theme for this year's events is that of Sci-Fi resorts, and the names of the six regions, selected by popular vote on the part of residents, reflects this:
Each sector has its own teleport hub (provided in the links above), allowing for quick and easy hopping between regions – although most people will likely want to explore on foot once they've arrived. However, do remember that, in a change from previous years, the 2015 convention doesn't only take place on the ground – there are booths to be found overhead as well, out “in space”, adding to the sci-fi feel of activities . So keep your eye out for teleports and other means to go skyward to destinations (and don't forget the Zocalo from Babylon 5 is under the waves of Pern Sound).
One way of getting around is via the convention taxis, tours, and shuttles. The taxis are self-fly, can carry up to three people and can be rezzed at any of the taxi stations like the one I used in Pern Sound. I found a starting point for the dragon tours in Magrathea; I didn't notice any others in my travels, but might have missed them. The shuttles offer a kind of convention auto-pilot “bus service”, ferrying people around (and over) the convention regions.
When exploring the regions, one will find an interesting mix of merchants and role-play groups (see the exhibitor list for details) and, for those engaged in the scavenger hunt, quite possibly the stars you are looking for (so to speak). A programme of entertainment has been put together for the convention, starting with the aforementioned opening ceremony, which will take place at Merciless Ming's. There will also be live entertainments, DJ, film screenings and more, with full details of all goings-on to be found via the convention's Events Calendar. In addition, information givers located next to the major telehubs also provide a run-down of the current day's events for those arriving in any of the regions, if they wish to find out what's going on and when.
Whatever your interest in science-fiction, be sure to set your phaser on fun and head back to the future with a visit to the SL Sci-Fi convention, and as this is a Relay for Life event, keep an eye-out for RFL-related vendors and kiosks as you explore.
Related Links
Advertisements
A hole has been blown in the Democratic Party, and mainstream media's narrative, that Russia was behind the leak of DNC emails to Wikileaks.
On Sunday, a former British ambassador to Uzbekistan, Craig Murray, said he has met the person who gave the DNC emails and it was not the Russians.
‘Total respect!' Troops show their love for Trump at Army-Navy game; check out the video, photos
“I know who leaked them,” Murray told The Guardian. “I've met the person who leaked them, and they are certainly not Russian and it's an insider. It's a leak, not a hack; the two are different things.
Murray, who is a close associate of Wikileaks head Julian Assange, explained it further on his website.
“As Julian Assange has made crystal clear, the leaks did not come from the Russians. As I have explained countless times, they are not hacks, they are insider leaks – there is a major difference between the two,” he wrote. “And it should be said again and again, that if Hillary Clinton had not connived with the DNC to fix the primary schedule to disadvantage Bernie, if she had not received advance notice of live debate questions to use against Bernie, if she had not accepted massive donations to the Clinton foundation and family members in return for foreign policy influence, if she had not failed to distance herself from some very weird and troubling people, then none of this would have happened.”
It's the reality that so many in the mainstream media ignore. It wasn't about who leaked the emails. It was about what they said.
Assange himself vehemently denied Russia had any involvement in the hacks during an interview right before Election Day.
Some rich donors snubbed from Hillary's lavash thank-you party are ticked off!
But, as Murray pointed out, the press is going along with the narrative that Russia delivered the presidency to Donald Trump and will attack any media source that doesn't toe the line.
In the UK, one single article sums up the total abnegation of all journalistic standards. The truly execrable Jonathan Freedland of the Guardian writes “Few credible sources doubt that Russia was behind the hacking of internal Democratic party emails, whose release by Julian Assange was timed to cause maximum pain to Hillary Clinton and pleasure for Trump.” Does he produce any evidence at all for this assertion? No, none whatsoever. What does a journalist mean by a “credible source”? Well, any journalist worth their salt in considering the credibility of a source will first consider access. Do they credibly have access to the information they claim to have? Now both Julian Assange and I have stated definitively the leak does not come from Russia. Do we credibly have access? Yes, very obviously. Very, very few people can be said to definitely have access to the source of the leak. The people saying it is not Russia is those who do have access. After access, you consider truthfulness. Do Julian Assange and I have a reputation for truthfulness? Well in 10 years not one of the tens of thousands of documents WikiLeaks has released has had its authenticity successfully challenged. As for me, I have a reputation for inconvenient truth-telling. Contrast this to the “credible sources” Freedland relies on. What access do they have to the whistleblower? Zero. They have not the faintest idea who the whistleblower is. Otherwise they would have arrested them. What reputation do they have for truthfulness? It's the Clinton gang and the US government, for goodness sake. In fact, the sources any serious journalist would view as “credible” give the opposite answer to the one Freedland wants. But in what passes for Freedland's mind, “credible” is 100% synonymous with “establishment”. When he says “credible sources” he means “establishment sources”. That is the truth of the “fake news” meme. You are not to read anything unless it is officially approved by the elite and their disgusting, crawling whores of stenographers like Freedland.
Wake up right! Receive our free morning news blast HERE
Is Collecting Animals For Science A Noble Mission Or A Threat?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Maggie Starbard/NPR Maggie Starbard/NPR
Behind the scenes at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, there's a vast, warehouse-like room that's filled with metal cabinets painted a drab institutional green. Inside the cabinets are more than a half-million birds — and these birds are not drab. Their colorful feathers make them seem to almost glow.
toggle caption Maggie Starbard/NPR
"The birds are showing their beautiful plumages; they're laid out like little soldiers in a row," says Helen James, the curator in charge of the bird division, as she points to some special finds. "We have some of the most amazing hummingbirds. Here is one with a long, straight bill that's longer than the bird itself. Here is the smallest species of a raptorial bird — a tiny little falcon."
Probably every hour, she says, someone reaches into a cabinet here and pulls out a bird. Maybe a visiting scientist wants to know all the places a species has been collected, to understand its geographic range. Or a paleontologist needs help identifying a fossil to reconstruct the evolution of birds. Sometimes a researcher wants to take a bit from a specimen to do a lab analysis that could reveal what the bird ate, or whether it was sick, or if it was exposed to a toxin.
The value of scientific collections like this one — and the constant need for adding new specimens — is so obvious to James that she was alarmed by a recent article that appeared in the journal Science.
It warned that scientific collection has the potential to hurt animal populations that are small and isolated. The article also asserted that "collecting specimens is no longer required to describe a species or to document its rediscovery."
"There was a real concern here that there was an issue of scientific responsibility," says Ben Minteer, an ethicist at Arizona State University and one of the report's authors. "If we're dealing with very small populations, where individuals really matter in these populations, it doesn't take many researchers filling their specimen bags to have an impact."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Maggie Starbard/NPR Maggie Starbard/NPR
Last year, for example, Minteer's co-author, Robert Puschendorf of Plymouth University in the United Kingdom, was doing field work in the mountains of Costa Rica when he heard that a certain tree frog — once thought to be extinct — had just been spotted.
"A colleague of mine was telling us about it and he was really excited," Puschendorf recalls; he and some colleagues went out that night to try to find this frog but couldn't. In the morning, they heard that someone else had found one and collected it.
Puschendorf says the experience was an eye-opener. "I've collected lots of animals in the past and it's incredibly important," he says. But this case left him feeling troubled. "Because why do we actually need to take the animal right at this point in time," he asks, "when they are just starting to show up again in a site ... and you can actually be harming that population?"
If we're dealing with very small populations, where individuals really matter ... it doesn't take many researchers filling their specimen bags to have an impact.
Traditionally, collecting what scientists call a voucher specimen is considered the gold standard for documenting the presence of a species. "It's the ultimate evidence that you've found something, right?" Puschendorf says. "You have the whole animal."
He and a colleague asked Minteer for advice on the ethics of whether this is always the best approach. They concluded that instead of collecting one of the rediscovered frogs right away, scientists could have used alternative techniques to document its existence — like getting some of its DNA, or taking photographs.
After all, this tree frog was already known to science. But even when researchers discover a totally new species, Minteer says, they shouldn't collect if they don't understand the possible impact. To him, this was a no-brainer.
"The surprise for me was the degree to which some [in] the biologist community and the museum community felt that this was an all-out attack on what they do," says Minteer.
More than a hundred researchers from museums and universities around the world signed a letter to Science that defends specimen collection as an essential tool. The researchers noted that an estimated 86 percent of species on the planet aren't yet known to science.
"If we don't have the specimens, then we can't obtain the data that we actually need to conserve the species," says Carole Baldwin, a fish specialist at the National Museum of Natural History.
Baldwin says she, personally, would not be convinced if someone claimed to have a new fish species just based on photos and DNA, because that could be misleading.
We fear it will swing the pendulum toward ceasing scientific collection entirely, and I think that would be a great harm.
And she points out that much of ocean life simply cannot be discovered without collecting it. Baldwin studies deep ocean reefs, for example, that she reaches by diving in a small submarine.
"Most of the diversity on coral reefs, you've never seen," she says. "It's not swimming out above the reef; it's down deep inside. So you're not going to come to me with photographs and DNA unless you've got a specimen."
She worries that this recent criticism of collecting will give the public the wrong idea — which worries her. Before scientists go on a collecting trip, they have to get all kinds of permission from regulators, and Baldwin says "it's getting harder and harder to get approval and permits to collect."
Over in the bird division of the museum, James notes that one recent field expedition to Djibouti in Africa required seven different permits and approvals.
That expedition returned with a big black case that James opens to show a tray of black-and-white birds, pinned down so that they would dry in the right position.
toggle caption Maggie Starbard/NPR
"These three here are crab plovers," James says. "This is a very special addition to our collection because we did not have any modern genetic material of this family." Now the scientists can sequence the DNA of this strange shorebird and figure out how it fits into the family tree.
She worries that Minteer's arguments could create a dangerous slippery slope.
"When it's suggested that you should cease collecting because maybe there's a case when you don't know whether you might collect something rare, then that argues that we should cease collecting generally," James says. "We fear it will swing the pendulum toward ceasing scientific collection entirely, and I think that would be a great harm."
Long ago, some scientists did go out and deliberately collect rare species in a way that would never be accepted today, says James. But she sees no evidence that modern scientific collection has ever made a species go extinct, and says the real culprits are activities like habitat destruction.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Maggie Starbard/NPR Maggie Starbard/NPR
"We're not claiming that scientific collection is a leading driver of extinction," counters Minteer. "That's a sort of absurd, sort of hyperbolic interpretation of what we're saying."
He says all he and his colleagues really wanted to convey is that scientists should be careful and think twice — seriously consider alternatives before automatically grabbing an animal to take home.
"It's one thing for a community to say, 'Look, we have a code of ethics, we abide by it. No responsible biologist would ever do this.' We think that those are all good things, and good statements," says Minteer. "But it's harder to actually create a sort of ethical culture in the field when no one is looking — when no one is watching."
There needs to be more discussion of how scientists can watch over themselves, Minteer says, to make sure their desire to collect a species never delivers the final blow.
Getty Images File image of Stephen Curry.
On Tuesday, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank offered some praise for Donald Trump.
"To have such a pro-business President is something that is a real asset for the country," Plank declared. "People can really grab that opportunity."
On Wednesday, Steph Curry responded.
"I agree with that description," Curry told Marcus Thompson of the Bay Area News Group. "If you remove the 'et' from asset."
"I spent all day yesterday on the phone with countless people at Under Armour, countless people in Kevin Plank's camp, my team, trying to understand what was going on and where everybody stood on the issue," Curry explained. "Based off the release that KP sent out this morning, and what he told me last night, that's the Under Armour that I know. That's the brand I know he's built and one that, as of Wednesday afternoon, is something that I'm standing on."
On Wednesday morning, Under Armour released the following statement:
"We engage in policy, not politics. We believe in advocating for fair trade, an inclusive immigration policy that welcomes the best and the brightest and those seeking opportunity in the great tradition of our country, and tax reform that drives hiring to help create new jobs globally, across America and in Baltimore. We have teammates from different religions, races, nationalities, genders and sexual orientations; different ages, life experiences and opinions. This is the core of our company. At Under Armour, our diversity is our strength, and we will continue to advocate for policies that Protect Our House, our business, our team, and our community. We have always been committed to developing innovative ways to support and invest in American jobs and manufacturing. For years, Under Armour has had a long-term strategy for domestic manufacturing and we recently launched our first women's collection made in our hometown of Baltimore, MD."
HONG KONG — A lawyer who energetically represented Christian churches whose crosses were torn down by the Chinese government has disappeared, probably into police custody, a colleague and supporters said on Friday.
The lawyer, Zhang Kai, is based in Beijing but went missing on Tuesday night in Wenzhou, a coastal city in eastern China where Christians have opposed a government program to demolish church crosses, Yang Xingquan, a colleague of Mr. Zhang's at the Xinqiao Law Firm in Beijing, said in a telephone interview.
“We've heard no official information about his whereabouts,” Mr. Yang said. “He was in Wenzhou when he disappeared on the 25th, but since then we've heard nothing from him or about him.”
In a statement on Wednesday, Mr. Yang urged the government in Wenzhou to release Mr. Zhang and his assistant, Liu Peng, who is also missing. Police officers in Lucheng District, Wenzhou, where the two men were last seen, either refused to say anything or said they did not know anything when called.
Image Augmentation for Deep Learning using Keras and Histogram Equalization
Ryan Allred Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 10, 2017
In this post we'll go over:
Image Augmentation: What is it? Why is it important?
Keras: How to use it for basic Image Augmentation.
Histogram Equalization: What is it? How is it useful?
Implementing Histogram Equalization Techniques: one way to modify the keras.preprocessing image.py file.
Image Augmentation: What is it? Why is it important?
Deep Neural Networks, particularly Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), are particularly proficient at image classification tasks. State-of-the-art CNNs have even been shown to exceed human performance in image recognition.
However, as we learn from Mr. Jian-Yang's “Hot Dog, Not Hot Dog” food recognition app in the popular TV show, Silicon Valley, (the app is now available on the app store) gathering images as training data can be both costly and time consuming.
If you aren't familiar with the TV show Silicon Valley, be warned that the language in the following clip is NSFW:
In order to combat the high expense of collecting thousands of training images, image augmentation has been developed in order to generate training data from an existing dataset. Image Augmentation is the process of taking images that are already in a training dataset and manipulating them to create many altered versions of the same image. This both provides more images to train on, but can also help expose our classifier to a wider variety of lighting and coloring situations so as to make our classifier more robust. Here are some examples of different augmentations from the imgaug library.
Using Keras for Basic Image Augmentation
There are many ways to pre-process images. In this post we will go over some of the most common out-of-the-box methods that the keras deep learning library provides for augmenting images, then we will show how to alter the keras.preprocessing image.py file in order to enable histogram equalization methods. We will use the cifar10 dataset that comes with keras. However, we will only be using the images of cats and dogs from the dataset in order to keep the task small enough to be performed on a CPU — in case you want to follow along. You can view an IPython notebook of the source code from this post.
Loading and Formatting the Data
The first thing that we will do is load the cifar10 dataset and format the images to prepare them for the CNN. We'll also take a peek at a few of the images just to make sure the data has loaded properly.
The cifar10 images are only 32 x 32 pixels, so they look grainy when magnified here, but the CNN doesn't know it's grainy, all it sees is DATA.
Create an image generator from ImageDataGenerator()
Augmenting our image data with keras is dead simple. A shoutout to Jason Brownlee who provides a great tutorial on this. First we need to create an image generator by calling the ImageDataGenerator() function and pass it a list of parameters describing the alterations that we want it to perform on the images. We will then call the fit() function on our image generator which will apply the changes to the images batch by batch. By default, the modifications will be applied randomly, so not every image will be changed every time. You can also use keras.preprocessing to export augmented image files to a folder in order to build up a giant dataset of altered images should you desire to do so.
We'll look at some of the more visually interesting augmentations here. A description of the all of the possible ImageDataGenerator() parameters as well as a list of the other methods available in keras.preprocessing can be seen in the keras documentation.
Randomly Rotate Images
Flip Images Vertically
Flipping images horizontally is also one of the classic ways of generating more data for a classifier. It is just as easy to do and probably makes more sense with this dataset, however, I've left out the code and images because there's no way of knowing whether a dog or cat image has been flipped horizontally without seeing the original.
Shift Images Vertically or Horizontally by 20%
Histogram Equalization Techniques
Histogram Equalization is the process taking a low contrast image and increasing the contrast between the image's relative highs and lows in order to bring out subtle differences in shade and create a higher contrast image. The results can be striking, especially for grayscale images. Here are some examples:
In this post we'll be looking at three image augmentation techniques for improving contrast in images. These approaches are sometimes also referred to as “Histogram Stretching” because they take the distribution of pixel intensities and stretch the distribution to fit a wider range of values thereby increasing the level of contrast between the lightest and darkest portions of an image.
Histogram Equalization
Histogram Equalization increases contrast in images by detecting the distribution of pixel densities in an image and plotting these pixel densities on a histogram. The distribution of this histogram is then analyzed and if there are ranges of pixel brightnesses that aren't currently being utilized, the histogram is then “stretched” to cover those ranges, and then is “back projected” onto the image to increase the overall contrast of the image.
Contrast Stretching
Contrast Stretching takes the approach of analyzing the distribution of pixel densities in an image and then “rescales the image to include all intensities that fall within the 2nd and 98th percentiles.”
Adaptive Equalization
Adaptive Equalization differs from regular histogram equalization in that several different histograms are computed, each corresponding to a different section of the image; however, it has a tendency to over-amplify noise in otherwise uninteresting sections.
The following code comes from the sci-kit image library's docs and has been altered to perform the three above augmentations on the first image of our cifar10 dataset. First we will import the necessary modules from the sci-kit image (skimage) library and then modify the code from the sci-kit image documentation to view the augmentations on the first image of our dataset.
Here are the modified images of a low contrast cat from the cifar10 dataset. As you can see, the results are not as striking as they might be with a low contrast grayscale image, but still help improve the quality of the images.
Modifying keras.preprocessing to enable Histogram Equalization techniques.
Now that we have successfully modified one image from the cifar10 dataset, we will demonstrate how to alter the keras.preprocessing image.py file in order to execute these different histogram modification techniques just as we did the out-of-the-box keras augmentations using ImageDataGenerator() . Here are the general steps that we will follow in order to implement this functionality:
Overview
Find the keras.preprocessing image.py file on your own machine.
Copy the image.py file into your file or notebook.
Add one attribute for each equalization technique to the DataImageGenerator() init function.
Add IF statement clauses to the random_transform method so that augmentations get implemented when we call datagen.fit() .
One of the simplest ways to make alterations to keras.preprocessing's image.py file is simply to copy and paste its contents into our code. This will then remove the need to import it. You can view the contents of the image.py file on github here. However, in order to be sure that you're grabbing the same version of the file that you were importing previously, it's better to grab the image.py file that is already on your machine. Running print(keras.__file__) will print out the path to the keras library that is on your machine. The path (for Mac users) may look something like:
/usr/local/lib/python3.5/dist-packages/keras/__init__.pyc
This gives us the path to keras on our local machine. Go ahead and navigate there and then into the preprocessing folder. Inside preprocessing you will see the image.py file. You can then copy its contents into your code. The file is long, but for beginners this is probably one of the easiest ways to go about making alterations to it.
Editing image.py
At the top of image.py you can comment out the line: from ..import backend as K if you have already included it above.
At this point, also double-check to make sure that you're importing the necessary scikit-image modules so that the copied image.py can see them.
from skimage import data, img_as_float
from skimage import exposure
We now need to add six lines to the ImageDataGenerator class's __init__ method so that it has the three properties that represent the types of augmentation that we're going to be adding. The code below is copied from my current image.py. The lines with ##### to the side are lines that I have added.
The random_transform() function (below) responds to the arguments we have been passed into the ImageDataGenerator() function. If we have set the contrast_stretching , adaptive_equalization , or histogram_equalization parameters to True , when we call ImageDataGenerator() , (just like we would for the other image augmentations) random_transform() will then apply the desired image augmentation.
Now we have all of the necessary code in place and can call ImageDataGenerator() to perform our histogram modification techniques. Here's what a few images look like if we set all three of the values to True .
I don't recommend setting more than one of them to True for any given dataset. Make sure you experiment with your particular dataset in order to see what helps improve your classifier's accuracy. For colored images, I've found that contrast stretching often obtains better results than histogram modification or adaptive equalization.
Train and Validate your Keras CNN
Tired of "fighting the system endlessly," the family of Ruchika Girhotra, a minor girl who committed suicide after allegedly being molested by former Haryana DGP SPS Rathore, has finally given up and did not contest the CBI's closure reports dropping torture charges against the cop.
The CBI reports say there's no evidence to prove that Ruchika' brother Ashu was tortured while in police custody or that the signatures of her father, S C Girhotra, had been forged on the victim's post-mortem report. The closure reports, filed by the agency in 2010 in these two cases, were accepted by the CBI Court in Panchkula, Haryana, on Friday. S C Girhotra and Ashu raised no objection to the CBI move.
However, speaking to reporters in Panchkula, Anand Prakash, a family friend of the Girhotras, who had spearheaded the fight to get justice for Ruchika, said the victim's father told him that they were "disappointed" over CBI filing the closure report.
"Girhotra told me that he wants to lead a peaceful life now and cannot continue fighting the system endlessly. He said that since the CBI has not found anything incriminating against Rathore, it will be a fruitless exercise to pursue the case," Prakash said, adding that "it seems that Girhotras were under pressure from someone."
Girhotra could not be contacted for his comments, with his family saying he was out of station.
Prakash, whose daughter Aradhna was an eyewitness in the molestation incident, said that he would move the high court against the CBI's closure reports.
"I have taken legal opinion and decided to move the Punjab and Haryana High Court against the closure reports filed by the CBI. My daughter was the witness in the molestation incident and my wife later fought the case all these years. We are not going to give up," Prakash said.
Claiming that they have got "sufficient evidence", Prakash said that his family was in every way "connected" with the Ruchika case.
Earlier, Ruchika's brother Ashu had alleged that a false case of auto theft was registered against him after the molestation incident at the behest of Rathore, who was then a IG rank officer, and the Haryana police had tortured him. However, the CBI in its report had maintained that there was no evidence to back the charge.
Teenager Ruchika, who was a budding tennis player, had committed suicide three years after the molestation incident in August 1990. S C Girhotra had in his complaint alleged that his signatures were taken on blank papers during the postmortem proceedings of Ruchika, who committed suicide in December 1993.
Girhotra had earlier said that his daughter's name was intentionally changed to Ruby and his name mentioned from SC Girhotra to his full name Subhash Chand, apparently to cover up the matter.
The closure report mentioned that during inquest proceedings after Ruchika's suicide, S C Girhotra had himself disclosed his name as Subhash Chand and that of his daughter as Ruby.
69-year-old Rathore is currently out on bail after spending around six months in jail serving a sentence of 18 months in the main case relating to the molestation charge. He has appealed against the sentence.
ALSO READ A day after, Modi bricks disappear
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Review: Cold Waters By Sean Couture
Cold Waters is a game that is trying to tread a fine line. Whilst it stumbles in some places, for the most part it's a game that succeeds in what it sets out to do -- even if the end result isn't what some were expecting. You may know Killerfish Games from their last title Atlantic Fleet, a nice little turn based WW2 naval combat game. This time around, they've jumped forwards a few decades to the Cold War, or at least an alternate version of the Cold War where the US and the USSR got tired of simply eyeing each up from either side of the Fulda Gap and decided a good ol' fashion conventional war was the only way to solve things.
Unlike Killerfish Games' last foray, Cold Waters places you in command of only one vessel at a time. Specifically, a US Navy nuclear submarine of your choosing. The action is all played out in real time and you'll be controlling your sub in third person throughout the entire duration. Unlike Silent Hunter, Sub Command or Dangerous Waters, individual stations (sonar, weapons control, conn and so on) are not simulated on screen. On the one hand, this cuts downs on the constant screen switching that often occurs in subsims but it also makes the game a lot less immersive. It's here where one of Cold Waters make or break points lies in wait for it's target audience: Killerfish Games haven't made a hardcore subsim for die-hard fans of the genre nor were they ever intending to. Cold Waters is, for lack of a better term, an action sim (though it leans a little to sim than it does action) in the style of 1988 Microprose classic Red Storm Rising, which was based off the Tom Clancy novel of the same name.
Content-wise, you have two dynamic campaigns, some single missions and a group of tutorial missions that help explain the mechanics. Like most subsims, the tutorials only go so far explaining the game's ins and outs, but luckily Cold Waters' manual is available in game and it answered most questions I had. Whilst the single missions are a fun distraction, the real heart of the game lie in the campaign(s). You have the choice of beginning a career in alternate versions of both 1984 and 1968. Upon making your choice newspaper reports and World in Conflict style artwork will give you a rundown of how and why the world's two biggest superpowers are now at war. Both campaigns take place in the same stretch of water, the North Atlantic, and are fairly similar. The key difference is that in the 1968 start you have fewer subs to choose from and due to the earlier time period sensors and engagement ranges are reduced, making it the harder of the two campaigns. After picking a sub and loading it up you'll be given your first mission.
The campaign map gains points from me based on its simplistic visuals that easily convey information, but it loses a few of those points due to how you move around. You just click and drag your cursor in the direction you want your sub to move. It often feels a little unresponsive and maneuvering around land masses or through straits can be unnecessarily fiddly.
Once combat is initiated Cold Waters shows its depth. Whilst things like sonar haven't been modelled to meticulous accuracy they serve well enough to be convincing. Players will have to keep an eye on things like thermal layers will obscure surface and submerged vessels from each other at a certain depth along with employing their subs various sensors to their full potential whilst also being aware of their drawbacks. For instance in one of my first mission I successfully located an enemy Victor class sub using active sonar and sank it with a wire guided torpedo. I'd forgotten though that active sonar has a shorter range than passive but can be detected from some distance away. I then had the joyful task of dodging two torpedoes before locating and sinking the November class sub that had fired them.
Torpedos and their modelling have to be one of Cold Waters' high points and you have to be careful about not diving or turning to fast if you don't want to break their wires. For anyone reading who isn't up on their sub knowledge wire guided torpedoes let you control them after they reach a certain preset waypoint. Torpedos can be fooled by noisemakers and smart piloting however. My proudest moment so far is when I managed to lure torpedo back towards the sub that fired before kicking off the engines to go silent and watching it sink its owner. Weapons as a whole are easy to use but take time to master. I have to say though that a few little tooltips explaining them in-game wouldn't hurt. And would also stop me trying to use a TLAM on a Kanin DDG again.
Missions come in all shapes and sizes from hunter other subs, to inserting spec ops teams, to preying upon landing forces. For the most part their well balanced and I've yet to run into any that felt impossible or unreasonably difficult. That's not to say you won't be visiting Davy Jones a fair amount of times. Death will arrive swiftly and suddenly. I met most of the fates at the hands of sub hunting surface groups.
Whilst in tactical combat you control your sub's rudder, ballast, diving plans and speed manually and this leads to a bit of a double edged sword. During the delightfully intense moments when you're conducting evasive maneuvers to outrun and outsmart torpedos it works quite effectively so long as you don't get yourself turned around. However when you're just trying to move into position or if you're trying to do something else at the same time the controls become a little more cumbersome. I would've prefered two control modes one (like the current one) for evasive maneuvers and a second where you can simply set heading and depth like in Silent Hunter.
Cold Waters is a pretty enough game to look at though it does have its rough edges. Explosion can often look a little flat and lackluster for instance. For anyone running with an older or weaker machine though you're in luck as Cold Waters runs on damn near anything. And due to the control scheme and general UI layout it can be played with touchpad and keyboard too, for anyone planning on playing it on the go (though it is a bit easier with a mouse).
At the end of the day, Cold Waters is a game I can't help but enjoy. It definitely has it's faults and some die-hards might be turned off by how simple it appears on the surface but like Atlantic Fleet the complexity hidden below provides a surprising amount of staying power. Due to how easy it is to dive into I would recommend it to anyone looking for gentler entry into the sub-sim genre and I would recommend to most people who are already fond of the genre to at least give it a try before writing it off.
Yuval Topper, 24, an Israeli transgender man, gave birth at the Sheba Medical Center Thursday evening.
Topper is the first Israeli transgender man to become pregnant and give birth. He underwent a sex change operation some three years ago.
Topper's contractions began Thursday evening while traveling en route to Jerusalem. As result of heavy traffic, he and his partner decided to head to the Sheba medical center, near Tel Aviv.
"We preferred to go to Hadassah Mount Scopus, a hospital where we received excellent treatment in the past, but we were forced to head to Sheba as result of the birth's quick progress," Topper said. "The staff at the hospital treated us with dignity and consideration."
Topper shocked medical staff in central Israel a few months ago after walking into an emergency room and informing doctors that he underwent a sex change operation and is pregnant.
“Everyone was in shock,” said a patient at the hospital who was in the emergency room when Topper walked in. “He looked like a man in every way and insisted that medical staff address him as a male.”
Sarit Rosenblum contributed to the story
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Reuters Pope Francis prays before the Shroud of Turin during a two-day pastoral visit in Turin, Italy, on June 21, 2015.
The revered Shroud of Turin, which some Christians believe is the burial cloth of Jesus Christ, may have come from India and transported to its current home in Turin, Italy, a group of Italian researchers said.
In a study published in RealClearScience.com, the researchers said the 14-foot-long garment contains DNA from plants found "all over Earth."
"Here we report the main findings from the analysis of genomic DNA extracted from dust particles vacuumed from parts of the body image and the lateral edge used for radiocarbon dating," said Dr. Gianni Barcaccia, a plant genetics and genomics professor at the University of Padova in Italy, in a paper he co-authored with his colleagues.
The researchers said they sequenced the DNA of pollen and dust found on the shroud and discovered several plant groups native to the Mediterranean.
They also linked the pollen and dust DNA to other plant groups in Asia, the Middle East, and even the Americas.
They surmised that the cloth must have been introduced at a time after the medieval period.
Moreover, the findings, which were also published in the journal Scientific Reports on Oct. 5, suggested that the cloth may have originated in India and then transported from the Near East to Italy.
The Shroud of Turin appears to show a double image of a bearded man "who suffered physical trauma in a manner consistent with crucifixion after being beaten, scourged and crowned with thorns," the researchers said.
The latest findings appear to add doubts on the authenticity of the revered cloth, which continues to be a hotly debated issue.
In 1988, an international team of researchers conducted carbon testing on the cloth the results of which showed that the fibres dated back to between 1260 and 1390—more than a thousand years after the biblical date of Jesus' crucifixion, according to the Huffington Post.
However, this study was debunked in 2005 when another analysis was conducted by a retired chemist from Los Alamos National Laboratory. This analysis cast serious doubts on the 1988 study saying the material tested that year came from a patch applied to the shroud in medieval times.
The 2005 study put the age of the shroud at 1,300 to 3,000 years, which supports the assertion that it was indeed the cloth placed on Jesus Christ after he was taken down from the cross and buried.
DHS had already pulled the plug on its SBInet program -- an effort to build a "virtual fence" of sensors, cameras and radar along the nation's border -- in January, after paying more than $1.1 billion. The Government Accountability Office, among others, had concluded that poor management and an over-reliance on the prime contractor, Boeing, had caused staggering delays and cost overruns while producing inadequate results.
And earlier in July, DHS had scrapped its unfinished and dysfunctional Risk Assessment Management Program, a computer application intended to help officials distribute their small army of private security guards between federal buildings, based on the chances of those buildings becoming terror targets. DHS had already shelled out $35 million over three years for a project that contractor Booz Allen had promised to complete in one year for $21 million. With the program axed, some eight years after DHS was founded, the department still isn't able to do something as basic as assess which federal buildings are more vulnerable to attack than others.
These are just a few of the most recent -- and in these cases, now staunched -- examples of how DHS has hemorrhaged money since its creation in 2003.
According to an estimate by Ohio State University political scientist John Mueller and Australian engineer Mark Stewart, the cumulative increase in U.S. domestic homeland security spending since the 9/11 terror attacks totals about $580 billion.
Critics of the department say its poor track record when it comes to the distribution of its considerable funds is directly related to how the department was formed: in a panic, out of a need for a grand political gesture -- and without a clear mission.
As Virginia Tech public policy professor Patrick Roberts wrote in the Review of Policy Research in 2005, the creation of DHS was "an example of the triumph of symbolic and distributive policies over more straightforward attempts to address the real problems of homeland security."
When it was formed, DHS absorbed 22 disparate agencies, cramming them into a single, 230,000-person mega-bureaucracy. Without a clear overall strategy, the grant money DHS was responsible for allocating went out to states regardless of their needs. Huge defense contractors took advantage of the easy funding to pitch untested products.
"It opened a floodgate of money for private industry to sell scanners and other devices," said Charles Perrow, a Yale sociology professor who has called the creation of DHS "The Disaster After 9/11."
"A lot of money was kind of thrown at the problem," said John Gannon, a former deputy director of the CIA who was part of the White House team that launched the department and who now leads BAE Systems' cybersecurity division.
Gannon blames what he called the "unfocused, unstrategic allocation of funds" on Congress, which he said failed to set a strategy for the department, then provided inadequate oversight. But the department also lacked the personnel to hold its contractors accountable.
"You certainly had an insufficient and an inexperienced contracting team," said former DHS Inspector General Clark Kent Ervin. "And you certainly had rapacious contractors."
Stories of smaller-scale DHS excesses have become the stuff of legend. One is the famous terror target list used to allocate DHS grant money. It listed 77,069 sites under possible threat, including the Old MacDonald's Petting Zoo in Woodville, Ala., the Amish Country Popcorn factory in Berne, Ind., and the Mule Day Parade in Columbia, Tenn.
The Los Angeles Times reported just last week that DHS grant money is still buying such things as state-of-the-art dive gear, cattle nose leads and electric prods for rural Nebraska counties and a nine-ton BearCat armored tactical assault vehicle for suburban Glendale, Calif.
"[T]he reality is that DHS is a colossal and inefficient boondoggle," Joan Johnson-Freese and Tom Nichols, both professors at the Naval War College, wrote this week for AOL Defense:
DHS was a panic reaction, a precipitous act by a Bush administration determined to show it was 'doing something' about terrorism. The horses had already escaped, but the Bush administration went ahead anyway and bought more land, constructed extra barns, equipped them with state-of-the-art doors, and then hired thousands of conscientious civil servants to slam them shut over and over again, for the rest of eternity.
DHS officials insist that the department is a proven success -- and is getting better all the time.
"Over the last year, year and a half, in particular, I think you've really begun to see the department begin to gel, in terms of working in a coordinated manner," said John Cohen, principal deputy counterterrorism coordinator at DHS.
"There are capabilities that now exist across this country that have made this country safer from potential attacks that would not exist without a department of homeland security," he said.
As for contracting, DHS officials said that Obama appointees have worked hard to improve the department's acquisition oversight. And Ervin, the former inspector general, among others, gives Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano credit for canceling some projects.
"It's important to acknowledge when you're throwing money down a rathole," Ervin said.
DHS could allocate its counterterrorism dollars more effectively by focusing on the areas of the greatest risk -- regardless of the political consequences or the desires of powerful lobbyists.
But a 2010 study by the National Academy of Sciences found DHS had paid "little effective attention" to "features of the risk problem that are fundamental."
"Risk analysis capabilities with regard to areas beyond natural disasters ... are not yet adequate for supporting DHS decision-making," the study concluded.
Mueller, the OSU professor, thinks that's a serious problem. "You're dealing with human lives, and if you're spending money on foolish ways to save lives, and there are known ways to save lives and you're not spending money on that, then that's really irresponsible," he said.
Cohen, the DHS official, disputed the notion that the department doesn't pay enough attention to risk analysis.
"From my perspective, we leverage assessments of risk in everything we do," he said. "We are constantly evaluating risk and we do it through multiple entities."
Perrow, the Yale sociology professor, traces DHS's problems back to the department's inception. He argues what was needed after 9/11 in terms of domestic counterterrorism efforts was coordination, not centralization. Relevant federal agencies needed to share information and have clear goals; simply shoving them all together into one agency actually made things worse.
But politicians in Washington "never bought this," he said, because "they like to be in control."
"If you have a lot of money involved, you tend not to decentralize," he said. "You tend to keep control at the top." DHS may be too big to manage effectively, Perrow said, but that doesn't mean that its founders consider it a failure.
"If you have that control and hierarchy, then you can channel funding in the most politically productive manner," he said.
In the wake of the Great Depression, you would think that dinosaurs would be of no concern to the American government. Who had time to care about prehistoric monsters when the nation had been thrown into crippling economic turmoil? Yet the fossil-rich expanses of the Western states offered unique opportunities for unemployed Americans to get back to work, and at least one project indirectly resulted in the discovery of one of the most formidable predators ever to stalk the coastal swamps of the Late Cretaceous.
Big Bend National Park sits in a little nub of western Texas along the Mexico border. Back in the 1930s, before the land became a national park, the Works Progress Administration and Civilian Conservation Corps put unskilled laborers to work among the 80- to 73-million-year-old strata to search for fossils. The workers weren't just scrabbling around in the dirt for no reason. The aim of the project was to find a reasonably complete, mountable dinosaur skeleton that could be displayed in a show of regional pride. No luck. Such a skeleton proved elusive, but the project did focus the attention of paleontologists on the area.
In 1940 the famous American Museum of Natural History fossil hunter Barnum Brown and his assistant Erich Schlaikjer were searching the area near the WPA quarries in Big Bend when they discovered the skeletal scraps of an enormous crocodylian. As recounted by paleontologist David Schwimmer in his book King of the Crocodylians, the pieces were placed in the care of another of Brown's trusted field hands – Roland T. Bird – for preparation and study. The excavated bits of skull were awfully strange. Bird thought that one fragment marked by a large, rounded cup was a partial hip which preserved the socket for the femur, only to discover that the piece was part of the animal's premaxilla – the depression was actually a tooth socket in the frontmost part of the upper jaw!
Unfortunately, very little of the monstrous crocodylian had been found. Most of the recovered pieces were skull fragments, and even these did not provide a full picture of what the animal's head looked like. In order to figure that out, Bird teamed up with AMNH paleontologist Edwin Colbert and other museum staff members to describe the animal and reconstruct the entire skull in plaster. The result was a terrifying skull labeled with the appropriate name Phobosuchus riograndensis – roughly the “terror crocodile from the Rio Grande.”
What Bird, Colbert, and the AMNH team created was a rough extrapolation which used living crocodylian species to fill in the considerable missing gaps. The whole thing measured over six feet long – just the tip of what the paleontologists proposed was a 50-foot animal – and was guaranteed nightmare fuel for small children who viewed it in the dark corner of the AMNH, where it sat until the end of the 20th century. As Schwimmer said in his book, though, “[The skull] was really a beautiful job of artistic sculpting.” That's a compliment and a dig combined. Given the scrappy material, the AMNH crew used the Cuban crocodile – Crocodylus rhombifer – to restore the rest of the Phobosuchus skull, but we now know this was a mistake. As awesome and frightening as the classic bone-and-plaster skull was – a skull that has been reproduced multiple times and remains on display in museums today – it is inconsistent with the nature of the 40-foot, 8-ton Cretaceous crocodylian paleontologists now call Deinosuchus rugosus.
Here's the skinny on the name change. When Bird and Colbert named the big croc, they decided to place their new species within the previously described genus Phobosuchus. As has often been the case with fossil discoveries, though, previously described fossils that could be referred to the same animal took precedence. In 1909 paleontologist W.J. Holland used a few enormous crocodylian bones and scutes to name the animal Deinosuchus hatcheri. Though the genus name was considered to be an unnecessary synonym of Phobosuchus at the time, paleontologists Jack Horner and Don Baird showed that the opposite was actually the case in a 1979 paper. “Phobosuchus” was a generic wastebasket into which many crocodylians had been dumped, and so had to be tossed.
The change in species name was another matter. Fifty one years before Holland's paper, the North Carolina paleontologist Ebenezer Emmons used a pair of isolated teeth to establish the name Polyptychodon rugosus. Much like “Phobosuchus”, though, the name “Polyptychodon” was a previously described genus that was often misapplied, but Emmons was correct that the teeth he was looking at represented a then-unknown species which, on the basis of tooth anatomy and additional fossils found in the same place, turned out to be referable to Deinosuchus. Holland's 1909 genus name and Emmons' 1858 species name were therefore mashed together to create Deinosuchus rugosus (though I hasten to add that the wide distribution of Deinosuchus fossils makes it possible that there is more than one species hiding within all the fossils attributed to this single recognized name).
The name of “Phobosuchus” was not the only thing to change. Even though Deinosuchus fossils have been found at many quarries from Texas to New Jersey, the enormous crocodylian is primarily known from teeth, bony body armor (scutes), portions of skull, vertebrae, and other elements. Understanding Deinosuchus has always required at least some degree of speculation and reconstruction, and it is especially vexing that no complete skeleton of this huge and widespread animal has yet been found. Nevertheless, the scattered bits and pieces – paired with a deeper understanding of crocodylian evolution – have allowed paleontologists to refine our picture of this monstrous predator.
Contrary to methods used for the 1954 reconstruction, crocodiles were not the best candidates for filling in the missing parts of the Deinosuchus skull. There is a three-way split among modern crocodylians – the gavialoids, the crocodyloids, and the alligatoroids. (These are all technical names, but I'm pretty sure you can guess which name represents which branch.) Rather than being closely related to crocodyloids, as Bird and Colbert inferred, Deinosuchus was actually a broad-skulled alligatoroid more closely related to today's American alligators than Cuban crocodiles.
This doesn't mean that Deinosuchus was simply an American alligator writ large, as I often imagined after watching the under-appreciated 1980 horror flick Alligator. Deinosuchus actually exhibited a mosaic of characteristics seen in both alligators and crocodiles. While the creature had a broad, rounded, and alligator-like skull, for example, Deinosuchus also had a pocket in the upper jaw where a large tooth from the lower jaw rested when the animal's jaws were closed. This is something primarily seen in living crocodiles and not alligators – it's one of the ways you can tell the two surviving crocodylian lineages apart – but, in the deep past, this feature was present in alligatoroids, too. Even more peculiar is the fact that Deinosuchus had a more varied dental armament than its living relatives. The teeth toward the front half of the jaws were huge, conical stabbers, while the back half of the jaw was arrayed with blunted, low-crowned crushers that would have undoubtedly been useful in busting open turtle shells. (Just imagine the sound of turtle shells being crushed reverberating through the swamps of the Late Cretaceous night.) Deinosuchus truly was an alligatoroid that could have eaten anything it wanted.
Top Image: The reconstructed skull of "Phobosuchus" created by the AMNH in 1954. The darker portions are actual fossil bone – the rest is plaster reconstruction. From Colbert and Bird, 1954.
References:
Colbert, E., and Bird, R. (1954). A Gigantic Crocodile from the Upper Cretaceous Beds of Texas American Museum Novitates (1688), 1-22
Schwimmer, D. 2002. King of the Crocodylians. Bloomington: Indiana University Press. pp. 13-41
The last time thousands of progressive activists and left-leaning bloggers came together for their annual Netroots Nation conference, Democrats controlled Washington. Much of the focus was on pushing the party — and President Obama — further to the left, to stand up for things like the public option, an end to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and the value of government spending to fix the economy.
A year later, with the Republicans firmly in control of the House and the 2012 presidential cycle underway, the focus is expected to be much the same. Except there's an expediency: The only way Democrats are going to win back what they lost and keep what they have, organizers and participants in this year's conference say, is to get closer to their progressive roots.The conference kicks off Thursday morning in Minneapolis. Organizers say it will be the largest Netroots Nation on record, with more than 2,200 in attendance. Speakers include Minnesota's own Sen. Al Franken (D), former Sen. Russ Feingold (D-WI) and Netroots favorite Howard Dean. The White House will also be represented, with Obama communications director Dan Pfeiffer addressing the crowd Friday morning.
Participants told TPM they expected the crowd to be “respectful” of Pfeiffer, but they also made it clear he's not addressing a friendly crowd.
“He's got some hard questions to answer,” Netroots executive director Raven Brooks told TPM. “It's not going to be a bunch of softballs lobbed at him.”
Brooks said participants will likely press Pfeiffer on Obama campaign promises they feel he hasn't delivered on and frustrations they have over the administration's compromises on the Bush tax cuts and other matters that have left progressives frustrated.
Chief among those concerns is the economy. Progressives have lamented Obama's focus on deficits and debt rather than stimulus to create new jobs. Pfeiffer can expect to hear and earful about that one.
“We will be out there fighting Republicans and we're planning to fight hard for the people who work for a living in this country and the people who are trying to get their piece of the American dream and who haven't been able to get that lately. Those people are also called Democratic voters,” said Levana Layendecker, communications director for Democracy for America, a progressive advocacy group founded out of the remains of Dean's 2004 presidential campaign.
“What we want is for the White House to be with us in this fight.”
Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN), whose district includes Minneapolis and — this weekend, anyway — the epicenter of liberal politics in America, agreed. Despite his position in the Democratic minority in the House, he said Netroots needs to keep the pressure on his party to lean left whenever possible.
“My goal is to get the focus on jobs,” Ellison said. He's a co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and will make Netroots the first stop on his caucus' nationwide tour this summer aimed at turning attention away from the deficit and back toward pro-growth spending.
“I don't think we can't do anything because the Republicans are in office,” Ellison said, adding, “I don't really care about unifying behind a bunch of policies that I don't think are going to get people employed. I want to talk about what really matters: food on the table, you know what I mean?”
Republicans will get some attention at Netroots; conservative bloggers are holding their own conference, RightOnline, down the street from Netroots in Minneapolis. Their agenda is certain to come up at Netroots.
“There will likely be two main thrusts of the conference: pushing back hard against right-wing craziness like ending Medicare and union busting,” said Adam Green, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, “while also pushing Democrats to go on offense and stop preemptively caving before the fight.”
Brooks said much of the talk at this year's Netroots won't even be about moving Democrats to the left, but rather shedding them all together as a means to a progressive political end.
“We're really talking about what we can do as individual activists to create change and not rely so much on our elected leaders and on actually working on elections as the means to primarily enacting those changes,” he said. “That's sort of been the game with the Netroots since '03-'04, and after we had all these majorities, after '08, it certainly hasn't bought us a whole lot.”
IT was a bittersweet feeling for Tweed Heads mentor Aaron Zimmerle when Newcastle coach Rick Stone asked if he would release Damian Sironen to the Knights immediately.
Sironen, nephew of Balmain Tigers legend Paul Sironen, will head south today after signing with the Knights for the rest of the season as he chases an NRL debut.
The 22-year-old prop has been the Seagulls' acting captain, was their player of the year in 2014 and is in career-best shape following a pre-­season with the Titans.
But delivering players to the NRL is what the Intrust Super Cup is about and Zimmerle knew he had to let Sironen go.
“There's a real shortage of front-rowers there so it's a good opportunity for me to push for an NRL game or two this year,” Sironen said.
“I'm disappointed to be leaving but I learnt a lot doing my first NRL pre-season (at the Titans).
“I'll take away a lot from that and the guys there. I don't think I would have got this opportunity without having that preseason with the Titans.
“I've been punching out ­really good minutes and I'm carrying that weight (108kg) around well.
“They might want me to put a bit more on and going into a full-time system I might be able to do that.”
The loss of Sironen is a major blow for the Seagulls who fell 24-22 to Souths Logan in their Intrust Super Cup clash at Davies Park.
They are facing a challenge to make the finals but Zimmerle said seeing Sironen go on to bigger and better things was a positive.
“He came to us from the FOGS Cup (Easts Tigers) and gone on to be our player of the year, got a pre-season with the Titans and been our acting captain,” he said.
“He'll take the next step. It's just a matter of time and doing the extra work by being a full-time player.”
Burleigh will be out for redemption when they host competition leaders Townsville at Pizzey Park on Saturday, especially after not scoring a try in their 24-2 loss to Easts yesterday.
A penalty goal to Khan Ahwang provided the only points the Bears could register against the Tigers as they lost centre Jamie Dowling to a knee injury.
When Burleigh travelled to Townsville earlier this year they walked away on the wrong end of a 78-6 hiding and coach Jim Lenihan said they had to respond to stay in finals contention.
“We probably got a little out-enthused,” he said.
“We grafted away but had just too much possession against us.
“We've got to go back, have a look at where we need to ­improve and go again.”
When I was a medical student, the skull was treated like a black box. Although it contained, arguably, the most important organ in our bodies (that we all wanted to fully understand), the bone protecting our brains is thick and resistant to many types of intrusions. Measuring brain activity and even more so, modifying the electrical signals between the brain's nerve cells, was very difficult. EEGs definitely already existed and did provide important information about patients with diseases like epilepsy. But being able to read the messages of the brain and translate them into words or images, was still in the realm of fantasy.
These days, we are able to study the brain's functions far better than we could with EEGs alone. CTs and MRIs give us a highly detailed look at the anatomy of the brain. Using a device called a functional MRI, one can literally see different parts of the brain light up when someone thinks of various items or does certain activities. In this way, we can understand how the brain processes certain sensory inputs and how the brain manages certain tasks. We are to an extent able to see how we think. This is somewhat of a magical mirror allowing us to look at our own thoughts.
More recently, a number of start-ups have announced their brain related wares, including a product that allows a user to remote control a complicated device solely via their brain, and another product that allows for brain to brain direct signaling. I would not be surprised if in 10 to 15 years from now, we will already be using an interface-less interface. No more mice, no more keyboards, no more screens. Via small devices that might be implanted or just worn, we will be able to have a complete interactive experience via direct contact between technology and our brains.
A number of years ago, on an episode of Star Trek the Next Generation, the viewing public was introduced to a cyborg life form called “The Borg”. These beings were visibly part machine and they had a communal mind, such that individuality lost its meaning. Understandably, this image was very unsettling to a lot of people. In looking at the Borg, people literally saw the rise of the machines and the loss of humanity's physicality and spirituality.
Personally, I was not bothered by the Borg imagery. I suspect that in practice, the blending of technology and human tissue will be extremely subtle. The actual devices that will, in the future, manage the hardware part of our brain connections, will likely be invisible, or nearly so. These hardware portals between our human tissue and fiberoptic connections to the Internet, will either be very small and worn somewhere on the body(perhaps under one's hair), or will be implanted under the skin.
Remember that in 10 years from now, computers will be 1000 times more capable than they are now, and in 20 years from now, they will be a million times more capable. So one can imagine a large room full of today's highest quality computing hardware becoming the size of the tip of our fingers in a single generation. As sensors also become smaller and more sensitive, they too will “vanish” on our bodies. Our BCN (Body Centric Network) will envelop us and give us all abilities that we never dreamed of.
For example, there is already technology that can interpret visual images and translate them into neurological signals, such that a person who was blind, can see a limited-quality image. Very advanced technologies already exist for people with specific types of hearing loss. Once we are all linked up to our personal BCNs, we might actually use a sensor rather than our own eyes to “sense” our environment and feed the information to the visual processing areas of our brains.
Why might someone want to do this? Perhaps the person with the BCN will need to see objects that are beyond the range of natural human vision. So a sensor with telescopic capabilities could provide information directly to our brains and eliminate the need for specialized scopes or glasses. Let us imagine another scenario, where a person needs to evaluate a region for a radiation leak. In such a case, it might be useful to be able to see x-rays and gamma rays. The normal human eye cannot see these types of light. But specialized sensors could translate these wavelengths into colors or shapes or numerical values so that the inspector could “naturally” see where the leak is coming from.
Ultimately, our BCN along with countless sensors on and under our skin, and on and within our clothing, could produce any interpretation of the external world that we prefer. This actually is quite a fascinating possibility. The way we interpret our surroundings is based on some pre-specified set of instructions. Whether one believes that this was divine software or mindless universal evolutionary chance, our nervous system is already pre-set to interpret blue in the way that we see blue.
Colorblind people will perceive certain colors differently due to a genetic hiccough. But what if the entire world decided that being, what is presently termed, colorblind, is actually a more efficient way to see the world. Via our BCNs, we could all agree on a new and universal means of interpretation for a given set of visual inputs. So we could all see a certain wavelength of light in the exact same way, because we will have all programmed our BCN to interpret that specific wavelength as a certain color.
Some of what I'm saying is self-referential and I apologize if I have not said it clearly enough. The takeaway message is that once we can effectively hack our own brains, we can decide how we want our brains to work. Each person might have a certain way that suits them better. Or, on some issues, people might choose to all experience certain inputs in the exact same way. Ultimately we will have a level of choice which was never imagined. I won't even dare try to predict what effect such power will have on our own psyches. When we know that we can re-code ourselves, how will that change our perception of self?
At this point, I am walking a very fine line between metaphysics and science. I will end this particular post simply by saying, as I have said before, that we are quickly becoming beings without limits. This has a tremendous potential for good but a very dangerous potential for destruction. We have to be responsible. We have to be moral. We definitely all have to be very careful. But I personally cannot help but be tremendously excited by the potential of unlimited potential.
Thanks for listening
My website is at http://mtc.expert
Behind The Scenes Of The Latest George W. Bush Pardons Posted by Pile (7231 views) [E-Mail link]
It was announced, and I'm sure this is the first in a string of many to come, a string of pardons by George W. Bush as he leaves office. We dive a little deeper into what these people have done. A very interesting group to say the least...
WASHINGTON - On Nov. 24, 2008, President George W. Bush granted pardons to 14 individuals:
PARDONS:
Leslie Owen Collier - Charleston, Mo.
Offense: Unauthorized use of a registered pesticide, 7 U.S.C. §§ 136j(a)(2)(F) and 136l(b); violation of the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act, 16 U.S.C. § 668(a).
Sentence: Feb. 2, 1996; Eastern District of Missouri; two years' probation and $10,000 in restitution.
Collier crushed pesticides into hamburger meat to kill coyotes but killed a red-tailed hawk, a great horned owl, an opossum, a raccoon and three bald eagles. He also killed seven coyotes. He was charged with unlawful use of pesticides and violating the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act.
Offense: Unauthorized use of a registered pesticide, 7 U.S.C. §§ 136j(a)(2)(F) and 136l(b); violation of the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act, 16 U.S.C. § 668(a). Sentence: Feb. 2, 1996; Eastern District of Missouri; two years' probation and $10,000 in restitution. Milton Kirk Cordes - Rapid City, S.D.
Offense: Conspiracy to violate the Lacey Act; 18 U.S.C. § 371, 16 U.S.C. §§ 3372(a)(2)(A), 3373(d)(1)(B­).
Sentence: Dec. 14, 1998; District of South Dakota; 18 months' probation conditioned on loss of hunting privileges for one year, performance of 100 hours of community service and payment of a $2,000 fine.
Milton "Kirk" Cordes of Rapid City was convicted of conspiring to violate the Lacey Act in U.S. District Court in Rapid City in 1998. It bans interstate transportation of wild game taken in violation of state laws.
Cordes, who then lived near Creighton, was a member of a private big-game hunting operation called Dakota Safaris. Federal prosecutors alleged 11 members conspired to obtain mule-deer buck licenses that were given to out-of-state hunters who booked hunts with the group but couldn't get their own licenses in annual drawings. Prosecutors said nonresidents shot deer that were tagged with licenses belonging to Dakota Safaris members, thus violating laws that ban the transfer of hunting licenses to others.
Offense: Conspiracy to violate the Lacey Act; 18 U.S.C. § 371, 16 U.S.C. §§ 3372(a)(2)(A), 3373(d)(1)(B­). Sentence: Dec. 14, 1998; District of South Dakota; 18 months' probation conditioned on loss of hunting privileges for one year, performance of 100 hours of community service and payment of a $2,000 fine. Richard Micheal Culpepper - Mahomet, Ill.
Offense: False statements to the United States; 18 U.S.C. § 287.
Sentence: Jan. 15, 1988; Central District of Illinois; five years' probation conditioned on payment of a $1,000 fine and $4,351.90 in restitution.
He was charged with making false statements to the government. Sentenced on January 15, 1988 to five years probation, $1,000 fine and $4,000 restitution.
Offense: False statements to the United States; 18 U.S.C. § 287. Sentence: Jan. 15, 1988; Central District of Illinois; five years' probation conditioned on payment of a $1,000 fine and $4,351.90 in restitution. Brenda Jean Dolenz-Helmer - Fort Worth, Texas
Offense: Misprision of a felony; 18 U.S.C. § 4.
Sentence: Dec. 31, 1998; Northern District of Texas; four years' probation, with the special condition of 600 hours of community service and a $10,000 fine.
Convicted of concealing knowledge of her Dallas doctor father's involvement in medical insurance fraud involving phony workers comp claims. She was sentenced on New Year's Eve 1998 to four years probation with 600 hours of community service and a $10,000 fine
Offense: Misprision of a felony; 18 U.S.C. § 4. Sentence: Dec. 31, 1998; Northern District of Texas; four years' probation, with the special condition of 600 hours of community service and a $10,000 fine. Andrew Foster Harley - Falls Church, Va.
Offense: Wrongful use and distribution of marijuana and cocaine; Article 112a, Uniform Code of Military Justice.
Sentence: April 17, 1985, as approved June 13, 1985; U.S. Air Force general court martial convened at the U.S. Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colo.; 90 days' confinement, forfeiture of all pay and allowances and dismissal from the Air Force.
convicted of wrongful use and distribution of marijuana and cocaine during a general court martial at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs
Obie Gene Helton- Rossville , Ga.
Offense: Unauthorized acquisition of food stamps; 7 U.S.C. § 2024(b), 18 U.S.C. § 2.
Sentence: April 1, 1983; Eastern District of Tennessee; two years' probation, $500 fine and $875 in restitution.
Offense: Wrongful use and distribution of marijuana and cocaine; Article 112a, Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sentence: April 17, 1985, as approved June 13, 1985; U.S. Air Force general court martial convened at the U.S. Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colo.; 90 days' confinement, forfeiture of all pay and allowances and dismissal from the Air Force. Obie Gene Helton- Rossville , Ga. Offense: Unauthorized acquisition of food stamps; 7 U.S.C. § 2024(b), 18 U.S.C. § 2. Sentence: April 1, 1983; Eastern District of Tennessee; two years' probation, $500 fine and $875 in restitution. Carey C. Hice Sr.- Travelers Rest, S.C.
Offense: Income tax evasion; 26 U.S.C. § 7201 and 18 U.S.C. § 2.
Sentence: March 5, 1996; District of South Carolina; three years' probation condition on 180 days' home confinement and a $13,000 fine.
convicted 12 years ago of income tax evasion and sentenced to 120 days of home confinement
Offense: Income tax evasion; 26 U.S.C. § 7201 and 18 U.S.C. § 2. Sentence: March 5, 1996; District of South Carolina; three years' probation condition on 180 days' home confinement and a $13,000 fine. Geneva Yvonne Hogg - Chamblee, Ga.
Offense: Bank embezzlement; 18 U.S.C. § 657.
Sentence: June 19, 1980; District of South Carolina; five years' probation and a $500 fine.
Offense: Bank embezzlement; 18 U.S.C. § 657. Sentence: June 19, 1980; District of South Carolina; five years' probation and a $500 fine. William Hoyle McCright Jr.- Midland, Texas
Offense: Making false entries, books, reports or statements of bank; 18 U.S.C. § 1005.
Sentence: Oct. 20, 1986, as amended September 23, 1987; Western District of Texas; two years' imprisonment and a $10,000 fine.
a former executive vice president of First National Bank of Midland, who was sentenced to 12 years in prison in the 1980s for making false entries, books, reports or statements to a bank related to various oil and real estate deals.
Offense: Making false entries, books, reports or statements of bank; 18 U.S.C. § 1005. Sentence: Oct. 20, 1986, as amended September 23, 1987; Western District of Texas; two years' imprisonment and a $10,000 fine. Paul Julian McCurdy - Sulphur, Okla.
Offense: Misapplication of bank funds by a bank officer; 18 U.S.C. § 656.
Sentence: Feb. 12, 1988; Eastern District of Oklahoma; five years' probation and $5,000 in restitution.
Curdy pleaded guilty in Muskogee federal court in 1987 to charges of misapplying about $112,000 in bank funds. He was sentenced in 1988 to five years probation and was required to pay restitution.
Offense: Misapplication of bank funds by a bank officer; 18 U.S.C. § 656. Sentence: Feb. 12, 1988; Eastern District of Oklahoma; five years' probation and $5,000 in restitution. Robert Earl Mohon Jr.- Grant, Ala.
Offense: Conspiracy to distribute marijuana; 21 U.S.C. §§ 841 and 846.
Sentence: Oct. 22, 1987; Northern District of Alabama; three years in prison.
Offense: Conspiracy to distribute marijuana; 21 U.S.C. §§ 841 and 846. Sentence: Oct. 22, 1987; Northern District of Alabama; three years in prison. Ronald Alan Mohrhoff - Los Angeles
Offense: Unlawful use of a telephone in furtherance of a narcotics felony, 21 U.S.C. § 843(b); possession of cocaine, 21 U.S.C. § 844(a).
Sentence: Oct. 9, 1984; Central District of California; one year of in prison followed by five years' probation with the special condition of 2,500 hours of community service.
Offense: Unlawful use of a telephone in furtherance of a narcotics felony, 21 U.S.C. § 843(b); possession of cocaine, 21 U.S.C. § 844(a). Sentence: Oct. 9, 1984; Central District of California; one year of in prison followed by five years' probation with the special condition of 2,500 hours of community service. Daniel Figh Pue III - Conroe, Texas
Offense: Illegal treatment, storage and disposal of a hazardous waste without a permit, 42 U.S.C. § 6928(d)(2)(A); illegal transportation of a hazardous waste to an unpermitted facility for storage or disposal, 42 U.S.C. § 6928(d)(1).
Sentence: Oct. 25, 1996; Southern District of Texas; three years' probation conditioned on six months' home confinement and a $1,000 fine.
Pue, the former superintendent of production at Conroe Creosoting Co., in 1996 pleaded guilty to two counts of illegally transporting and dumping more than 1,500 gallons of hazardous creosote sludge in a ditch.
Offense: Illegal treatment, storage and disposal of a hazardous waste without a permit, 42 U.S.C. § 6928(d)(2)(A); illegal transportation of a hazardous waste to an unpermitted facility for storage or disposal, 42 U.S.C. § 6928(d)(1). Sentence: Oct. 25, 1996; Southern District of Texas; three years' probation conditioned on six months' home confinement and a $1,000 fine. Orion Lynn Vick - White Hall, Ark.
Offense: Aiding and abetting the theft of government property; 18 U.S.C. §§ 641 and 2.
Sentence: June 17, 1975; District of Arizona; payment of a $250 fine within 90 days.
Vick was convicted while serving in the military overseas, of aiding and abetting the theft of government property in 1975 and sentenced at the time to pay $250 within 90 days.
Deserving Pardon not Issued
Posted by Christine Brean on 2008-12-02 20:26:18 So why didn't Bush pardon the two Border Patrol Agents, Ramos and Compeon? In hot pursuit of a drug dealer running across the border to Mexico, they shot him in the butt. They were convicted of discharging a fire arm in the commission of a crime.(!) But isn't that what they are supposed to do? Posted by Anonymous on 2008-12-16 21:50:46 Yeah Christine, the cops should definitely shoot anyone who runs from them. Oh hey, that guy shoplifted! He's running! BLAM! Name: (change name for anonymous posting) Title: Comments: 1 Article displayed.
