MSI is proud to announce the availability for its latest Arsenal Gaming models, the Z270 Tomahawk Opt Boost B250M Bazooka Ops Boost and latest Pro Series model B250M Pro Opt Boost. These new models feature a 16GB Intel Optane Memory model pre-installed.
By adding a free 16GB Intel Optane Memory device on the 3 new OPT BOOST motherboards, MSI not only delivers access to the latest Intel technology, besides this you get an added value of $50,- for free. Optimize your computer by deliver a responsive computer experience with short boot times, fast application launches, extraordinary gaming, and responsive browsing. Gamers now can enjoy SSD levels of performance and keep the large storage capacity.
Built using the iF award-winning design for best motherboard design, the MSI Z270 TOMAHAWK OPT BOOST perfectly illustrates the evolution of the new generation of MSI motherboards. Besides its award-winning appearance, the Z270 TOMAHAWK OPT BOOST motherboard is packed with a host of strong features for gamers.
Z270 TOMAHAWK OPT BOOST
Supporting Twin Turbo M.2 (32 Gb/s, Gen3 x4) with Steel Armored slots allows gamers to connect ultra-fast storage devices for ingame benefits. Using the exclusive MSI M.2 GENIE software, setting up RAID has never been easier. Including a pre-installed 16GB Intel® Optane™ Memory device, the TOMAHAWK OPT BOOST motherboard brings gamechanging performance to memory and storage devices. Using the Lighting ASmedia 2142 USB 3.1 Gen2 controller, Z270 TOMAHAWK offers incredibly high USB speeds using multiple USB devices at the same time.
B250M BAZOOKA OPT BOOST
Need more M.2 slots for your m-ATX build? The new model B250M BAZOOKA OPT BOOST doesn't only come bundled with a free 16GB Intel® Optane™ Memory device, it also offers another Turbo M.2 slot for any other hi-speed M.2 device to your choosing. Providing more configuration possibilities, even with an Intel® Optane™ memory device pre-installed. Besides great features and an added value of over $50, the new BAZOOKA OPT BOOST also comes with RGB LEDs for the audio line and around the motherboard edges for a stylish look, able to change to 7 different colors and 5 LED effects. To top things off, a gaming heat sink and IO cover are added to compliment to the looks while providing the best thermal and physical protection.
How would Wayne Gretzky fare in the modern NHL? The Great One isn't sure he could play in today's game.
"I don't know if a guy like [Hall of Fame defenceman] Paul Coffey or myself … could play in this era, because our creativity would have just naturally taken over, and now the game is so systematic," Gretzky told the CBC's Peter Mansbridge in an interview airing Tuesday night on The National.
Gretzky, who retired in 1999 as the NHL's career leader in goals, assists and points, thinks today's game is better now than when he played "because the players are better."
However, he thinks how they are being trained is hurting hockey.
"When I was 10 years old, I went to school at 9 o'clock and I got out at 3:30 … and then you went and did hockey, baseball, lacrosse. Now these kids they go to school at 8 o'clock, they get out at 11 and they're practising from 11 until 5 at these hockey academies and these camps," said Gretzky, 55.
"What we've lost a little bit of is playing on the pond and just going out there and using your creativity and your imagination, and doing things with the puck and learning how to make funny plays and good plays and creative plays. We've lost a little bit of that imagination and creativity that we had in the '60s and '70s and '80s."
Gretzky, who has a new book out called 99: Stories of the Game, also fears the cost of playing is keeping many families from participating.
"As far as the money goes, it's a huge issue. I can remember my dad borrowing money from my grandmother to buy me a pair of skates for $25, or buy me a new hockey stick for $3.99," Gretzky said.
"We couldn't even hardly afford it, and it's a big problem right now."
Watch the full interview in the video player above.
Check back with CBCsports.ca later this month for an excerpt of Mike Brophy's new book, Unbreakable: 50 Goals in 39 Games: Wayne Gretzky and the Story of Hockey's Greatest Record.
Frustrated veterans who ask to leave the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) system because of lengthy treatment delays are now forced to wait even longer for a government scheduler to provide private healthcare alternatives, according to internal data reviewed by The Daily Caller News Foundation.
The data — compiled by VA officials — vividly demonstrates the power of an entrenched civil service bureaucracy and a federal employee union to block laws passed by Congress to ensure that veterans can get private health care when government wait times are too long. Congress acted in 2014 after the nation learned that veterans were dying while waiting for care in government hospitals and created a pathway to private care for VA patients.
But agency managers and leaders of the American Federation of Government Employees (AFGE) union, which represents most VA employees, opposed the private care option — known as the Choice Card — fearing that fewer veterans in the government system would mean smaller budgets and fewer government jobs.
The Choice Card program is being sabotaged from within VA.
There is a backlog of more than 150,000 veterans who have been approved to see private specialist doctors under the Choice Card program, but VA contractors are not scheduling the corresponding appointments, according to official data reviewed by TheDCNF.
Almost 50,000 of these backlogged veterans have been languishing for more than three months waiting for a Choice Card appointment to be scheduled, according to the same data. More than 65,000 have been waiting more than two months. And 90,462 of the veterans in question have been stuck in limbo longer than 30 days.
In other words, more veterans are waiting to see a private doctor than to see a VA specialist. Until a private appointment is scheduled, vets remain on both waiting lists — for a VA doctor and a non-VA one — to see whichever comes through first.
Seventy-four thousand veterans have been waiting to be scheduled with a VA specialist for more than three months. Since 50,000 of those are also on the Choice Card list, the VA set up a system that penalizes those on the list with slower access to private care than if remaining in the VA.
Officials at AFGE tried to stop Choice Card even though, despite its name, the program only gives veterans somewhere else to go when VA care is not available for more than a month or there is no VA hospital nearby.
Obama administration political appointees at VA also opposed the program. When VA leaders claimed budget shortfalls threatened closure of hospitals, they asked Congress to let them repurpose $3.3 billion originally authorized for the Choice Card program.
“More than 10,000 patients had nearly 12,000 community care consults exceeding 30 days” in Phoenix, a government report on wait times there found this month. “Community care” largely overlaps with Choice Card.
The report also found that staffers sometimes improperly removed records showing wait times after they'd been placed on a list for private care to make the in-house lists look shorter, even though the private appointments hadn't been scheduled.
Seventy-eight percent of people seeking non-VA care were waiting more than a month, as of August, 2015, according to the report. Of the outstanding caseload that month in Phoenix, Ariz., people had been waiting to see VA doctors an average of 36 days, meaning that most of them are already eligible to seek care outside of the department.
Officials in VA's Washington headquarters instructed hospitals to “return” the referrals, since outside scheduling takes too long, Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez, chief of specialty care at the Phoenix VA, told TheDCNF. The clock on wait-times to see a government healthcare provider went back to zero each time a referral was returned, thus giving the illusion of shorter wait times.
Two contractors, Health Net and TriWest, are involved in scheduling patients with outside doctors and paying those doctors.
“If you do qualify, TriWest is supposed to schedule you within five to seven days. That is not happening, thus patients are waiting excessively for care. If TriWest can't reach you, they'll send a letter and then cancel your authorization in 10 days after they send a letter,” Rodriguez said.
A VA spokesman did not respond to TheDCNF's request for comment.
VA leaders told Congress they're serious about making the program work. But the Phoenix VA hired Deloris Judd only weeks after she was fired by the Chicago VA for patient abuse and lying, and put her to work examining Choice Card vouchers, something she had no experience doing.
Yolanda Cobia, who works in another VA office processing Choice Card documents, said employees bring their kids to work and watch movies in the office, then bill for overtime.
Follow Luke on Twitter. Send tips to luke@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Mother Teresa was a part of Evangelic Conspiracy for ‘Christianisation' of India, agree Yogi Adityanath and Subramanian Swamy both.
Mother Teresa part of conspiracy for ‘Christianisation' of India: BJP MP Yogi Adityanath.
PTI | Basti | June 21, 2016:: In a controversial remark, BJP MP Yogi Adityanath has said Nobel Laureate Mother Teresa was part of a “conspiracy for Christianisation of India”.
“Teresa was part of a conspiracy for Christianisation of India. Incidents of Christianisation had led to separatist movements in parts of North-East, including Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Meghalaya and Nagaland,” the Gorakhpur MP said.
Addressing a Ram Katha programme in UP on Saturday, he said, “You all are unaware of the situation in NE. You should visit there to see the real situation.”
In 2015, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat had in a similar comment said Mother Teresa's service to the poor was aimed at converting them to Christianity.
On the issue of Ram temple in Ayodhya, Adityanath said no one can stop it from being constructed.
“When they could not stop kar sewaks from demolishing the Babri mosque, how will they be able to stop us from carrying out construction,” he said.
On alleged exodus of Hindus from Kairana, he said they were forced to leave Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan and at that time no one raised the issue of “intolerance”.
“Exodus of Hindus from Kairana is a result of pseudo- secularism and appeasement policies pursued by different governments in Uttar Pradesh…Because of this, the population of Hindus which was once 68 per cent has come down to 8 per cent (in Kairana),” he alleged.
Dr. Subramanian Swamy backs Yogi Adityanath's attack on Mother Teresa.
ANI | New Delhi June 22, 2016:: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanian Swamy on Wednesday extended support to his party MP Yogi Adityanath, who accused Mother Teresa of being part of a ‘conspiracy to Christianise India', saying the views are not isolated, as there have been books published in this regard.
“You see the issue of Yogi Adityanath expressing his view is not an isolated view. It is a view which has been reduced to books, there is a writer Christopher Hitchens, who has written the best seller book and if you go to Google you would get a lot of books about her,” Swamy told ANI.
Citing an example, Swamy said once a prominent crook, who robbed the pensions of middle class people in California was caught and a trial was taking place and Mother Teresa wrote a letter asking not to prosecute him, as he has given her millions of dollars to further the cause of Christianity in India.
“The judge responded that he was surprised that Mother Teresa was coming on his behalf, as he has robbed the pension of hardworking people and in the name of Jesus Christ, asked him to return the money, so that relief can be given to the people,” he said.
“That is how she was given a rebuke. Why would a religious leader write of a criminal?” he asked.
Yogi Adityanath, had earlier accused Mother Teresa of being part of a ‘conspiracy to Christianise India'.
According to reports the BJP MP while speaking at a religious meeting in Basti accused Mother Teresa of being a part of a conspiracy to convert Hindus to Christianity.
Related reading: Majority Hindus rely upon RSS's version that Mother Teresa had big Christian agenda above her social work.
Teresa, the fake saint tried to destroy Hindu faith by deceitful conversion programmes into Christianity.
…
Courtesy: PTI & ANI.
Thursday, Sep 18, 2014 07:42 PM MST
Texas' highest criminal court struck down part of a law banning “upskirt” photos on Wednesday, arguing that photos taken without permission in public are entitled to First Amendment protections. Outlawing “improper photography or visual recording,” the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals panel ruled, would be a violation of federal free-speech rights and a “paternalistic” effort to regulate the photographers' thoughts.
“The camera is essentially the photographer's pen and paintbrush,” Judge Sharon Keller wrote in the court's 8-1 opinion. “A person's purposeful creation of photographs and visual recordings is entitled to the same First Amendment protection as the photographs and visual recordings themselves.”
According to the Houston Chronicle , the case involved Ronald Thompson, who was charged with 26 counts of improper photography in 2011 after taking underwater pictures of swimsuit-clad children at a San Antonio water park. Thompson challenged the constitutionality of the improper photography ban before his case even went to trial, claiming that “a plain reading of the law would place street photographers, entertainment journalists, arts patrons, pep rally attendees and ‘even the harmless eccentric' at risk of incarceration.”
Prosecutors argued that the law's intent element — for example, trying to do something unlawful like taking an illicit photo of someone without their consent — should place the “expressive activity” outside the bounds of First Amendment protection. But, according to the appeals panel, protecting citizens from being made the subject of “expressive” surreptitious photography unknowingly or without permission is actually the government's way of protecting them from being thought of sexually, which runs the risk of infringing upon other people's First Amendment rights.
“Protecting someone who appears in public from being the object of sexual thoughts seems to be the sort of ‘paternalistic interest in regulating the defendant's mind' that the First Amendment was designed to guard against,” Keller wrote. “We also keep in mind the Supreme Court's admonition that the forms of speech that are exempt from First Amendment protection are limited, and we should not be quick to recognize new categories of unprotected expression.”
advertisement
ANKARA/ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police detained two teachers overnight who have been on hunger strike for more than two months protesting against a government crackdown in which they lost their jobs following last year's failed coup, their lawyers said on Monday.
Riot police detain demonstrators during a protest against the detention of two hunger-striking teachers in Ankara, Turkey, May 22, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
The detention of literature professor Nuriye Gulmen and primary school teacher Semih Ozakca brought 150 people onto the streets of Ankara, chanting for workers rights, before riot police fired tear gas to disperse them.
Some demonstrators were dragged away by police and detained, but others returned shortly afterwards trying to maintain their protest.
The teachers have said their hunger strike aimed to highlight the plight of around 150,000 state employees suspended or sacked after the July putsch, which president Tayyip Erdoğan blames on followers of a U.S.-based cleric.
Gulmen wrote on her Twitter account overnight: “Political department police are trying to enter the house. They are now breaking the door... We have not and will not surrender!”
Turkish police detained them because they feared “that their protest could turn into death fasts and new Gezi protests,” Selcuk Kozagacli, a lawyer representing the teachers said.
He was referring to large anti-government demonstrations four years ago, when hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets to protest against plans to build replica Ottoman barracks on Gezi park in central Istanbul.
“I've been a lawyer for a long time and have never seen such a reason for an arrest,” Kozagacli said by phone. “In Turkish law, this type of pre-emptive arrest based on assumptions does not exist,” he said.
‘TIRED, KNOCKED ABOUT'
Gulmen and Ozakca, surviving on a liquid diet of lemon and saltwater and sugar solutions, have lost weight during their protest and doctors said earlier this month their health was deteriorating. [nL8N1IC5LE]
They were tired and “knocked about a bit”, said Kozagacli, who met them in jail early on Monday, adding that they were planning to refuse to take the saltwater and sugar solutions in protest at their detention.
Ebru Timtik, another lawyer for the teachers, said a group of lawyers was trying to speak to the prosecutor, seeking their release.
Turkey has suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges, teachers, police and civil servants and has arrested nearly 50,000 others suspected of links to a movement backing cleric Fethullah Gulen.
Turkish officials say the crackdown is necessary because the Gulen movement had set up a “state within a state” that threatened national security. They point to the gravity of last July's coup, when rogue troops commandeered warplanes to bomb parliament and used tanks to kill 240 people. Gulen has denied involvement.
Erdoğan's critics in Turkey and abroad say he is using the coup to purge opponents and muzzle dissent. Last month he narrowly won a referendum that grants him sweeping new powers.
Rights group Amnesty International said on Monday that the dismissals of state employees had been carried out arbitrarily and had a catastrophic impact on their lives.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“The failure of authorities to set out clear criteria for the dismissals or provide any individualized evidence of wrongdoing blows a hole in their claim that all the dismissals are necessary to counterterrorism,” it said.
“Instead, evidence suggests widespread abusive and discriminatory motives behind the purge.”
Turkey's Interior Ministry said on Monday that it detained 1,284 suspects in counterterrorism raids last week, nearly one thousand of them over alleged links with Gulen's network.
Why do we like this?
Avec un nom comme Modestep, il est appropriÃ© que ce soit une bande dubstep. Mais ce qui me surprend, c'est qu'ils ont choisi de Coldplay "Paradise" de remixer. (Pourquoi j'Ã©cris en franÃ§ais? Je ne sais pas...)
The long and short of it is this: Modestep have pulled together a fantastic cover. It's clear that they put a good bit of work into it, and I must give them kudos for going the whole way and not simply remixing in some womp womp wobble on top of the original. Can't say too many artists are out there doing that right now.
This particular track came as a bonus for those who pre-ordered the band's recently-released EP, Show Me A Sign.
En attendant, je serai ici womp womp wobbling.
(Bellwether Harbor) — Only one day after coming to us here at the shelter, Bella gave birth to eight beautiful puppies! All are happy, roly-poly babies. They love attention and are eager to be welcomed into their new homes.
Five of Bella's pups are male, the other three are female. All of our dogs are also microchipped before going home. One female is fawned, one is light brindle and one is dark brindle. There is an assortment of tan and light and dark brindle males.
Due to their age, they are not yet neutered or spayed. All have been dewormed and started on vaccines. These adorable babies are American pit bull terriers. Their date of birth was April 20, 2011.
For more information, contact Bellwether Harbor at 231-924-9230 or e-mail contactus@bellwetherharbor.org. Visit Bellwether Harbor online at www.bellwetherharbor.org.
Bellwether Harbor is located at 7645 West 48th St. in Fremont.
Follow Booth Features on Twitter: @BoothFeatures.
Supergirl viewers will soon be able to put a face to Kara's famously named cousin.
CBS' rookie DC drama, which thus far has limited Superman's presence to a few shadowy, shot-from-behind cameos, is poised to unmask the Man of Steel in early 2016 — but there's a tiny twist: The Superman we'll be meeting will be leaping not over buildings in a single bound, but into puberty.
According to some fresh casting intel, the show is seeking a 13-year-old actor with “future leading man looks” to play the potentially recurring role of Kal-El, aka the future MoS.
Lil' Supes will first appear in this season's 13th episode via a string of flashbacks that will establish the cherished bond between him and Kara.
What do you think? Excited to catch a glimpse of Superboy? Hit the comments!
As Americans face the economic fallout of the recent debt deal in Washington, members of the burgeoning American Dream Movement on Tuesday announced the Contract for the American Dream, a new agenda for economic recovery supported by a grassroots movement that progressive leaders say will rival the Tea Party in size and impact.
The contract is a list of ten sweeping policy proposals drawn from suggestions made by 131,203 Americans who gathered online and in neighborhood meetings to discuss solutions to the nation's economic woes. The contract demands what Democrats conceded in the recent debt deal: investment in jobs, education and infrastructure and higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans.
MoveOn.org Director Justin Ruben told reporters that most Americans want jobs instead of spending cuts, and the people who contributed to the American dream contract are frustrated with both parties. He said the American Dream Movement has spread from the demonstrations in Wisconsin to a dozen other states where “people are fighting against Republican attacks on the middle class.”
“We've been critical of both parties, including the president,” Ruben said. “There is a enormous opportunity for politicians to step up … because people are desperate.”
The American Dreamers are already being compared to the divisive Tea Party that made countless headlines and shook up the GOP in recent years. Like the Tea Partiers on the right, promoters of the American Dream contract said Washington is out of touch with the views and needs of the rest of America.
“Too many people in Washington are giving up on the American dream, but the American people are not,” Ruben said.
Rebuild the Dream President Van Jones said the American Dream Movement is “real,” unlike the Tea Party, which was created with the help from “Fox News and Koch Brothers.” Jones said the American Dreamers are starting out with twice as many numbers as the Tea Party had in its early days, and the broad grassroots movement could “help DC as a whole do a major reset.”
Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-Illinois) said that she is working with members of the House progressive caucus to advance the contract's agenda. Schakowsky recently introduced legislation that would increase spending on new jobs and raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans, but the bills are expected to face strong opposition in a divided Congress.
Schakowsky said the Obama administration has not indicated if it will support the legislation during the next Congressional session.
by
Ten years ago George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, as war criminals, launched the sociocide of the people of Iraq – replete with embedded television and newspaper reporters chronicling the invasion through the Bush lens. That illegal war of aggression was, of course, based on recognized lies, propaganda and cover-ups that duped or co-opted leading news institutions such as the New York Times and the Washington Post.
Wars of aggression – this one blowing apart a country of 25 million people ruled by a weakened despot surrounded by far more powerful adversaries – Israel, Turkey and Iran – are major crimes under international law and the UN Charter. The Bush/Cheney war was also unconstitutional, never declared by Congress, as Senator Robert Byrd eloquently pointed out at the time. Moreover, many of the acts of torture and brutality perpetrated against the Iraqi people are illegal under various federal statutes.
Over one million Iraqis died due to the invasion, the occupation and the denial of health and safety necessities for infants, children and adults. Far more Iraqis were injured and sickened. Birth defects and cancers continue to set lethal records. Five million Iraqis became refugees, many fleeing into Jordan, Syria and other countries.
Nearly five thousand U.S. soldiers died. Many other soldiers committed suicide. Well over 150,000 Americans were injured or sickened, far more than the official Pentagon under-estimate which restricts nonfatal casualty counts only to those incurred directly in the line of fire.
So far the Iraq War has monetarily cost taxpayers about $2 trillion. Tens of billions more will be spent for veterans disabilities and continuing expenses in Iraq. Taxpayers are paying over $600 million a year to guard the giant U.S. Embassy and its personnel in Baghdad, more than what our government spends for OSHA, whose task is to reduce the number of American workers who die every year from workplace disease and trauma, currently about 58,000.
All for what results? Before the invasion there was no al-Qaeda in Saddam Hussein's secular dictatorship. Now a growing al-Qaeda in Iraq is terrorizing the country with ever bolder car bombings and suicide attacks taking dozens of lives at a time and spilling forcefully over into Syria.
Iraq is a police state with sectarian struggles between the dominant Shiites and the insurgent Sunnis who lived together peacefully and intermarried for centuries. There were no sectarian slaughters of this kind before the invasion, except for Saddam Hussein's bloodbath against rebellious Shiites. The Shiites were egged on by President George H.W. Bush, who promptly abandoned them to the deadly strafing of Saddam's helicopter gunships at the end of the preventable first Gulf War in 1991.
Iraq is a country in ruins with a political and wealthy upper class raking off the profits from the oil industry and the occupation. The U.S. is now widely hated in that part of Asia. Bush/Cheney ordered the use of cluster bombs, white phosphorous and depleted uranium against, for example, the people of Fallujah where infant birth deformities have skyrocketed.
As Raed Jarrar, an Iraqi-American analyst observed: “Complete destruction of the Iraqi national identity” and the sectarian system introduced by the U.S. invaders in 2003, where Iraqis were favored or excluded based on their sectarian and ethnic affiliations, laid the basis for the current cruel chaos and violence. It was a nasty, brutish form of divide and rule.
The results back home in our country are soldiers and their extended families suffering in many ways from broken lives. Phil Donahue's gripping documentary Body of War follows the pain-wracked life of one soldier returning in 2004 from Iraq as a paraplegic. That soldier, Tomas Young, nearing the end of his devastated life, has just written a penetrating letter to George W. Bush which every American should read (http://www.truthdig.com/dig/item/the_last_letter_20130318/).
The lessons from this unnecessary quagmire should be: first, how to stop any more wars of aggression by the Washington warmongers – the same neocon draft dodgers are at it again regarding Iran and Syria. And second, the necessity to hold accountable the leading perpetrators of this brutal carnage and financial wreckage who are presently at large – fugitives from justice earning fat lecture and consulting fees.
In the nine months running up to the March 2003 invasion of Iraq, at least three hundred prominent, retired military officers, diplomats and national security officials publically spoke out against the Bush/Cheney drumbeats to war. Their warnings were prophetically accurate. They included retired Generals Anthony Zinni and William Odom, and Admiral Shanahan. Even Brent Scowcroft and James Baker, two of President George H.W. Bush's closest advisors strongly opposed the invasion.
These outspoken truthsayers – notwithstanding their prestige and experience – were overwhelmed by a runaway White House, a disgraceful patsy mainstream media and an abdicatory Congress. Multi-billionaire, George Soros was also courageously outspoken. Unfortunately, prior to the invasion, he did not provide a budget and secretariat for these men and women to provide continuity and to multiply their numbers around the country, through the mass media and on Capitol Hill. By the time he came around to organizing and publicizing such an organized effort, it was after the invasion, in July 2003.
Nine months earlier, I believe George Soros could have provided the necessary resources to stop Bush/Cheney and their lies from stampeding the government, and country, into war.
Mr. Soros can still build the grassroots pressure for the exercise of the rule of law under our constitution and move Congress toward public hearings in the Senate designed to establish an investigative arm of the Justice Department to pursue the proper enforcement against Bush/Cheney and their accomplices.
After all, the Justice Department had such a special prosecutors' office during the Watergate scandal and was moving to indict a resigned Richard Nixon before President Ford pardoned him.
Compare the Watergate break-in and obstruction of justice by Nixon with the horrendous crimes coming out of the war against Iraq – a nation that never threatened the U.S. but whose destruction takes a continuing toll on our country.
Ralph Nader is a consumer advocate, lawyer and author of Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us! He is a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion, published by AK Press. Hopeless is also available in a Kindle edition.
Where we are most truly human is where we join with God.
Not long ago, I did an eight-day silent retreat. In my community we do this every year. Afterward I Tweeted out a short summary: “So often in prayer what really matters is something beyond words: the experience of God above what language can describe. I'd say the greatest fruit of my 8-day was being peacefully alone with God. That is so inadequate but language fails in describing God.”
A true thought, but far from complete. Some people assume that, as I am a priest, silence comes easily to me, but not to them. In reality, cultivating silence is hard for all of us.
But hard things are (often) valuable and worth doing. Nobody in society is going to get after my cousin for spending more than a decade to get a PhD – society realizes that although that's difficult, it has value. Unfortunately, society often misses the value that comes from living the silence of a retreat.
Religious silence is not so much about just not talking. Most of us can get through a two-hour movie without talking pretty easily. But religious silence is about giving up communication with everyone else to focus our mind and heart on God. Responding to a few tweets would break my silence far more than asking someone at the retreat center for an aspirin if I had a headache.
I admit, while on retreat, I was tempted to check social media. I kept my phone as I use some daily diary/tracking apps, but I had to uninstall about half a dozen social media apps and remove my SIM card. The temptation to pick up the smartphone is greater when a meditation is dry or I'm just a little bored.
A huge part of many silent retreats is spent fighting the temptations to break silence. It isn't easy. In fact Thomas Merton, a monk and spiritual writer, testified to the Church's tradition, saying, “It is much more difficult to lead the contemplative life well than the active life … The trials of the contemplative life are much more difficult to cope with than those of the active life.”
Although Merton is talking about living a contemplative or monastic life, what he says applies to us in the sense of giving time for silence and contemplation in our days and years. Merton doesn't just say that it is more difficult, he notes, “The contemplative life is much more of a mystery than the active life.” Even I, who've been in religious life for 16 years with hours each day in prayer, don't fully understand it and struggle with it.
However, it is in this mystery that we reach the reason why anyone would take this up, the reason why – I would argue – all Christians are called to spend some time in religious silence.
In this silence, once we break through the difficult moment, we find a great peace and an experience of God, an experience that nothing else can compare to. It may only be a passing moment or it may be for a whole day but we have an experience of God that we never forget.
There are several moments in my life where I had such an overwhelming experience of God's presence I simply can't forget them. They didn't always happen when I most expected him – one happened on a train and another while jogging – but sometimes these small moments make everything else worthwhile. Keeping ourselves silent to focus all our energy on God leaves him the opportunity to speak to us. I just said one of my deepest experience of God was while jogging but it wasn't just any jogging: I was about five days into an eight-day silent retreat.
This is why Merton says, “The contemplative life is much more divine, more truly spiritual, more according to man's inmost needs.” It is where we are most truly human because it is where we join with God. There is a deep peace of God that is the high point of being human: but only extended silence and prayer can grant it.
I don't have a super-complex solution here today. I just want to encourage you to keep going, giving God a few silent minutes each day despite your struggles in prayer, and think about a silent retreat. Or, if you don't give God that silent time, why not start today?
Circuit des Yeux—aka the Chicago-based musician Haley Fohr—has announced a new LP, Reaching for Indigo It's out October 20, and it's her first album to be released by Drag City. Fohr has also shared a lyric video for the record's first single, “Paper Bag,” which was curated and edited by U.S. Girls' Meg Remy. Watch it below. Last year, Fohr released a self-titled album under the alias Jackie Lynn. Her most recent Circuit des Yeux record, In Plain Speech, came out in 2015. Circuit des Yeux will be hitting the road for a North American tour this fall. Check out her tour dates, as well as the Reaching for Indigo tracklist and album art, below.
Drag City recently made its music available on Apple Music. Check out Pitchfork's new primer on what to stream.
Reaching for Indigo:
01 Brainshift
02 Black Fly
03 Philo
04 Paper Bags
05 A Story of This World Part II
06 Call Sign E8
07 Geysers
08 Falling Blonde
Circuit des Yeux:
08-23 Berlin, Germany - Pop Kultur Festival
10-07 Chicago, IL - Bohemiam National Cemetary
11-11 Toronto, Ontario - The Drake Hotel
11-12 Montreal, Québec - Bar Le “Ritz” PDB
11-13 Allston, MA - Great Scott
11-15 Brooklyn, NY - Rough Trade NYC
11-16 Philadelphia, PA - Johnny Brenda's
11-18 Chicago, IL - Lincoln Hall
Watch Circuit des Yeux perform “Fantasize the Scene” at Pitchfork Music Festival 2016:
We're starting off this week's MMO Alpha and Beta list with a bit of sad news: Development on SkySaga has ended due to a license renewal issue. There is still hope for it in the future, but right now things aren't looking good. So for that reason SkySaga has been removed from the list.
On the happier side of things we have several games which are getting ready for alpha and beta in the near future.
Dual Universe will be going into pre-alpha on September 30th.
On September 1st Dauntless will be going into Alpha.
Also sometime in September Closers will enter Alpha.
Wild Buster is eyeing Early Access in October
Moonlight Blade will be going into Closed Beta starting September 7th. This is a Korea only beta and you must register for it before September 3rd.
Lost Ark is also going to be having a Korea only closed beta beginning on August 25th.
As ever you can find all of this and more in the list below. Keep an eye out for the new flag to see what was newly added this week.
Alpha and Pre-Alpha
Early Access
Closed Beta
Open Beta
Crowdfunding
Announced But Unplayable
Related: Alpha
STOLLWERCK and EUREKA CHOCOLATE PHONOGRAPHS
A picture may be worth a thousand words but it can also be misleading. In looking at the phonographs in these pictures, most people who are familiar with the disk phonographs of the early 20th century would tend to mentally scale the size up to that of well-known machines such as the Berliner Trademark or Victor Royal. The three phonographs pictured on this page, however, are downright tiny -- a mere fraction of the size of conventional machines.
The two very rare tin phonographs pictured above were made in late 1903 and have to rank among the most unusual phonographs ever made: they were designed to play disk records made of chocolate! Made by the Stollwerck Chocolate company in Germany, the phonographs were powered by a tiny clock motor made by Junghans, a company still in the clock business today. Each machine measures a mere 8-1/2" tall (including the horn), with a turntable barely 3" in diameter. In the German and Belgian markets the phonographs were emblazoned with the Stollwerck name on the horn and the sides of the turntable, as seen on the phonograph on the right. Stollwerck's French partner, Kratz-Boussac, sold the identical machine in France under the brand name "Eureka," without the Stollwerck markings, as pictured on the left.
A French magazine, La Nature, had initially described the phonograph as "not a toy, it is a solid machine which rivals more expensive phonographs. It speaks loud, it sings well, and it reproduces all songs with clarity." Alas, this was hyperbole. In reality they were extremely delicate little machines with noisy, underpowered motors and mediocre sound quality. They were far too fragile to withstand rough handling by children, who were (not surprisingly) the main market for chocolate records. Most phonographs were likely broken beyond repair in a matter of days. The big advantage was the records themselves. As explained in La Nature, "when a song no longer pleases, oh well! just savor the disc like you would a simple snack, and eat it." (Stollwerck also pressed records out of a non-edible wax called "karbin," for those who wanted a more permanent recording.)
In early 1904 Stollwerck came out with an improved, slightly more substantial model. This phonograph had an elegant wooden case only 2" tall and 6" long, a stronger motor with a separate speed control, more solidly constructed support arm, and a horn with brass bell and a lithographed woodgrain pattern on the body. The turntable and most other metal parts were brass. The winding key fit through a hole in the turntable, making it easier to use than the earlier model (which wound from underneath). The fragile and easily broken glass stylus of the tin model was replaced by a sapphire point in the improved machine. At the same time Stollwerck offered new, larger records (4-3/4" rather than 3" in diameter), made of a pressed wood composition with a very thin coating of a wax-like material into which the sound was impressed. Unlike those made of chocolate or karbin these new records were unbreakable. However the recorded surface tended to delaminate and chip, destroying the recording. Despite Stollwerck's optimism, the wooden phonograph was a complete failure in the market and only 5,000 were sold.
In the end, Stollwerck's flirtation with the phonograph proved to be a costly failure, which he subsequently abandoned to return to what he knew best -- chocolate. Today these phonographs and records are highly coveted by collectors but due to their very fragile construction their survival rate is extremely low. Only a few chocolate records are known to survive and even the more conventional "karbin" and pressboard records are very rare. Particularly desirable today are the boxes in which the machines were packaged, and original advertising material.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Fresh calls for Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner's resignation are emerging following a new Bloomberg report. At the peak of the financial meltdown, the Geithner-led New York Fed instructed bailed-out insurance giant AIG to "to withhold details from the public" about the insurer's payments to banks. Those details included AIG's agreement to repay a number of banks $62.1 billion in toxic assets, a move many have criticized as "backdoor bailouts." Why did the New York Fed want to hide the details? Speaking for the skeptics, Reuters's Felix Salmon says we can only "assume the worst." Here's how other finance bloggers are parsing the new story:
Now It All Makes Sense, writes Ed Morrissey at Hot Air: "Geithner and his cohorts wanted to make sure they covered their tracks while using AIG as both a whipping post and a money-laundering device in order to effect the rescue of politically-connected private institutions."
Geithner Kept AIG Quiet to Advance His Career, suggests Felix Salmon at Reuters: "All of this secrecy coincided with Geithner's nomination to be Treasury secretary, which makes the whole thing stink much more: was Geithner deliberately trying to keep anything potentially damaging secret for the sake of his own personal career progression?"
A Major Blow to Transparency, writes Michael Corkery at The Wall Street Journal: "These emails raise a far more serious and fundamental issue: The government hiding material financial information from the public. Disclosure is the bedrock of good government and market investing. Both seem compromised in the AIG bailout."
Geithner Must Go, writes Edward Harrison at Credit Writedowns: "He was on the job when these firms levered up and took reckless risks that endangered our financial system. For him to absolve himself of responsibility is a disgrace. And to add insult to injury, we now learn that he urged a systemically important company to withhold evidence of his looting of taxpayers. Tim Geithner must go."
Give Tim a Break, writes a sarcastic Jessica Pressler at New York Magazine: "To be fair, you can kind of see his reasoning. Allowing banks like Goldman Sachs and Société Générale to cash out their insurance in comatose insurance company AIG for 100 cents on the dollar, the $62.1 billion tab of which would ultimately be paid by the taxpayer, without even trying to get them to take a haircut — well, that just looked so bad. Like Anthony Marshall–forging-his-mother's-signature-on-her-will bad."
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
US REGULATORS will investigate claims that Morgan Stanley shared negative news about Facebook with major clients in the lead up to its initial public offering.
Allegations are flying that the IPO's lead underwriter Morgan Stanley only told its top clients it had reduced its revenue forecast for the tech giant, and did not spread the word to other investors.
Analysts at Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs reportedly cut their revenue forecast after a tip from a Facebook executive "who knew the business was weak", Business Insider reported.
The three underwriters downgraded their revenue forecasts after Facebook released a small revision to its IPO filing on May 9, which warned investors that it had no immediate plans to monetise its mobile site.
But Insider reported that it was “inconceivable" that all three analysts could have read the language and concluded independently that Facebook's profit was weak.
Forecast info "selectively shared"
The forecast downgrade was reportedly told verbally to institutional investors at Morgan Stanley who were considering Facebook stock, but not to smaller investors.
Morgan Stanley isn't allowed to publish earnings estimates until 40 days after the IPO, Reuters reported.
Technically it's not illegal for Morgan Stanley to verbally tell major clients about estimates, but critics have said such a move is “grossly unfair” to smaller investors.
The state of Massachusetts has subpoenaed the brokerage firm over its discussions with investors on Facebook.
"The Securities Division has put out a subpoena to Morgan Stanley in connection with the analyst's discussion with certain institutional investors about the revenue prospects for Facebook,'' a spokesman for Massachusetts Secretary of Commonwealth William Galvin said.
This came as Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg completed the $US1.1 billion transaction of 30.2 million shares that he sold in the company's IPO, the LA Times reported.
He sold them for $37.58 a pop, but will be spending most of the money raised to cover taxes, according to a document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Full compo for investors "unlikely"
But not all investors have been so lucky, with some still waiting to find out if their trades from Friday have even gone through.
Nasdaq sent out an alert to investors who had lost money due to technical glitches on the first day of trading, telling them they could be eligible for compensation if they submitted their claims by midday Monday New York time (2am yesterday AEST).
This caused investors to sell off their shares so they could file a claim with the Nasdaq.
Sandler O'Neill analyst Rich Repetto says this alert could have inadvertently caused Monday's massive stock price plunge.
But the likelihood of investors getting full compensation is “very unlikely,” Mr Repetto told CNBC, because Nasdaq's liability for tech glitches is limited to a $US3 million for the month.
The Nasdaq is pushing regulators to allow it to pay out $US10 million more in this particular case.
Nasdaq "would have pulled the IPO"
A senior Nasdaq official said the index would have pulled the plug on Facebook's IPO if it had known the extent of technical problems.
The Wall Street Journal reported that Nasdaq's head of transaction services said the index "by no means would have gone forward" with the IPO if it had known the problems would disrupt a "normal trading day."
In a separate case, another disgruntled investor is reportedly suing Nasdaq over the trading glitches that caused losses.
The mishandling of the Facebook IPO affected an estimated 30 million shares, according to Nasdaq executives, and losses across Wall Street stemming from the episode have been estimated at tens of millions of dollars.
Share price takes another beating
Facebook shares sank further this morning amid the Morgan Stanley accusations – they lost another 8.6 per cent to close at $US31.12, leaving them 18.1 per cent below the IPO price.
Some $US17 billion in market capitalisation was wiped from the company, which launched on the market at a spectacular $US104 billion valuation last week.
The shares continued to fall in after-hours trade, falling to as low as $US30.72, as analysts and investors concluded that the $US16 billion, 421 million shares IPO was just too big for the real demand and that major early institutional investors had not intended to hold on to them.
Underwriters had tried to prop up the trade at the $US38 issue price on Friday, but gave up on the second and third days of trading as selling became too heavy.
Too many shares offered, say analysts
Analysts blamed Morgan Stanley for allowing Facebook last week to increase the price and the offering size to 421 million shares.
"They issued too many shares and the market wasn't ready to absorb them, that's all there is to it. The market isn't ready to absorb it," said Michael Pachter of Wedbush Securities.
"The underwriters placed the stocks with people who really were not that committed to owning it, and so a lot of them sold it."
Mr Pachter said they sent "false signals" by adding 84 million shares to the offering right before they went public.
"They were wrong, they completely blew it," he said.
Reports today that Morgan Stanley and two other key underwriters, JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs, had cut their revenue forecasts came after Facebook itself amended its IPO filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission with data that was less positive about its performance in the mobile market just days before the IPO.
In a statement Morgan Stanley said it followed all appropriate procedures in the IPO, including disseminating the update Facebook filing, the "S1", to all of the company's institutional and retail investors.
"In response to the information about business trends, a significant number of research analysts in the syndicate who were participating in investor education reduced their earnings views to reflect their estimate of the impact of the new information," the banks said in a statement.
After a week off, the Redskins travel to New England to face the 7-0 Patriots. Bill Belichick and Tom Brady boast the NFL's top scoring offense, averaging 35.6 points per game, and the league's second-best passing attack, with an average of 344.3 yards per game through the air. Clearly, the Patriots offer a significant challenge to the Redskins' defense, who have been unable to field a consistent secondary or sustain an effective pass rush.
New England's offense has many strings to its bow. With versatile weapons like tight end Rob Gronkowski, wide receivers Julian Edelman and Danny Amendola, and running back Dion Lewis, the Patriots can and will move players around to work the best possible matchups.
Here against the Colts, New England lines up Amendola in the backfield, almost hiding him from the defense. Just before the snap, Amendola motions out into the slot.
This move by the Patriots gets Amendola matched up on a linebacker, which is a matchup he'll win the vast majority of the time. He runs a quick out here.
As he cuts outside, Amendola has a couple of yards of separation from the defender, making him an easy target for Brady to throw to.
Brady hits Amendola for a quick and easy completion and allows Amendola the opportunity to pick up extra yards after the catch.
The Patriots are happy to run an efficient offense, built on a foundation of finding good matchups and picking up small chunks of yards at a time, like on that play. But they are perfectly capable of attacking deep down the field.
Here, the Patriots line up in a bunch of formation, with every eligible receiver tight to the formation. Typically this would indicate a run or another short quick pass like we saw previously. But instead, New England runs three vertical routes down the field.
The Jets' defense runs cover-three, the Redskins' base coverage scheme, on this play. Brady uses his eyes smartly on this play. He knows there is a single deep safety in the middle of the field and wants to work back to Edelman up the seam. To create space, Brady looks to the receiver on his right, dragging the deep safety towards that side of the field. Meanwhile, on the back side of the play, the outside receiver runs an out-and-up route to draw attention of the deep outside zone corner.
That creates space for Edelman up the seam. Brady works back across and pulls the trigger.
Brady deliberately places the ball on Edelman's outside shoulder, taking him away from the deep safety and allowing him to shield the ball from the safety.
With Brady's experience and football intelligence, along with smart play designs, the Patriots will test the Redskins' defense and their ability to diagnose plays and react quickly. It will be hard to get the upper hand on Brady, who will happily audible out of looks he doesn't like. The Redskins' defense will have to make sure they are all on the same page every play.
On this play, the Jaguars load the box against the Patriots. Brady, who starts under center, doesn't like the look and changes the play.
Brady drops back into the shotgun, which alerts the Jaguars to a potential pass play. The linebackers begin to make signals to the rest of the defense, indicating an audible call of their own.
After both sides change their plays and get set, the Patriots send Gronkowski up the seam.
The Jaguars appeared to switch to a cover-three scheme, but one of the linebackers wasn't on the same page with the rest of the defense. He worked to the flat instead of dropping to the middle of the field as a hook-curl defender. That mistake opens up a huge hole in the middle of the defense for Gronkowski to work with.
Brady doesn't miss out on mistakes like that and finds Gronkowski wide open over the middle. Gronkowski picks up plenty of yards after the catch, taking this play all the way down to the Jaguars 8-yard line.
The Redskins' defensive players will have to make sure they are all on the same page to avoid mistakes like these. The Patriots are hard enough to defend against without making mistakes and giving up big plays on busted coverages.
The Patriots will also look to test the Redskins' fundamentals. The ability to read, react, pursue and make a tackle in space is something that a zone defense like Washington's is built upon. But the Redskins haven't been particularly good at making tackles. New England won't shy away from throwing screen passes to test just how good the Redskins' fundamentals are.
Here, the Patriots line up Lewis in the backfield, with Brady under center. But before the snap, Lewis motions outside.
With Lewis outside, Brady snaps the ball and throws a quick screen. New England's offensive linemen all work quickly to the edge to block for Lewis.
As Lewis secures the ball and begins his run, he has nearly a full offensive line out in front of him to lead a path.
Lewis takes a simple screen pass more than 15 yards and picks up a first down in the process.
They won't just throw screen passes to the running back either, they'll throw them to anyone. Edelman in particular, can be dangerous on screen plays.
On this play, the Patriots use a slightly unusual formation, with three receivers to the same side of the field, two lined up outside the numbers. That leaves plenty of space for Edelman to work with in the slot.
As Edelman receives the screen pass, all he needs is the left tackle to reach a block on a linebacker to set him free into open field.
The left tackle manages to reach the block, giving Edelman all he needs to burst through the hole and into the secondary. Only the deep safety can make a tackle.
This is not a situation the Redskins want to find themselves in. Edelman has been an effective punt returner for the Patriots and can make people miss in the open field. Open-field tackling hasn't been the Redskins' strong suit for a number of years now. Pro Football Focus attributes 60 missed tackles in the Redskins' seven games so far. Keenan Robinson (12) and Trenton Robinson (10) have been the worst offenders. Those two and the rest of the defense will have to show drastic improvement or players like Edelman will capitalize.
The icing on the cake for the Patriots' offense is Rob Gronkowski. He's an x-factor in the offense. The 6-foot-6, 265-pound tight end can line up just about anywhere and be a mismatch for the defense. He's too quick and athletic for safeties and linebackers to cover, but too big and strong for corners. New England likes to move him around throughout the game. We've already seen a play where he lined up inside and ran up the seam. But they are just as happy to line him up outside.
Against the Cowboys, the Patriots split Gronkowski out wide and match him up against a cornerback. He runs a simple fade route.
Brady has complete faith in Gronkowski, and shows that trust by throwing to him before he's even open. The corner plays Gronkowski about as well as you can ask to this point in the play. But Gronkowski has such a size advantage, Brady just throws high and to the back shoulder.
Gronkowski makes an adjustment to the ball, opening himself up and shielding the ball from the corner. He pulls in the catch and then gets to work on picking up additional yards after the catch.
After picking up the first down, Gronkowski continues working for more yards. He's incredibly physical, using a strong stiff arm to fight off the incoming tackle attempt from the safety. Gronkowski eventually gets shoved out of bounds, but only after he picks up 33 yards.
Gronkowski takes an already strong Patriots offense and pushes it into the elite category. He'll undoubtedly have to be the main priority for the Redskins' defense. But if they focus too much on one receiver, then Edelman, Amendola and Lewis, among others, are perfectly capable of making Washington pay for not giving them enough attention.
Mark Bullock is The Insider's Outsider, sharing his Redskins impressions without the benefit of access to the team. For more, click here.
More from The Post:
‘Take Yo Panties Off' defense: Redskins cite other ‘offensive' trademarks
PFF: Robert Griffin III to the Eagles, and other trades that should happen
Opening Kick: Redskins go for a rare feat — winning in Foxborough
Jackson among reinforcements on the way for clash with Patriots
More NFL: Redskins | Around the league | Bog on Redskins | Fantasy
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @lizclarketweet | @MasterTes | @Insider
SPIES will have “infinite” reach to monitor Australians' activities online as part of a new suite of anti-terror reforms that the Australian Lawyers Alliance (ALA) has branded as of “enormous concern”.
The Australian Security Intelligence Organisation (ASIO) has been granted the power to essentially monitor the entire Australian web with only one warrant, with the government's first set of national security laws passing the Senate with bipartisan support last night.
With Australia on high alert for terrorism on domestic soil, the government has been able to beef up the surveillance powers of our domestic spy agency quickly.
ALA spokesman and barrister Greg Barns has slammed the laws, saying “they can essentially do an enormous amount under one warrant”.
“They can dress up a warrant to give themselves major leverage,” he told news.com.au.
Australia has no specific laws that protect privacy, so innocent people who may be monitored have “very little by way of redress in legal terms”.
Mr Barns said the law had been drafted in “such a shoddy way” as to allow the agency to spy on as many as 5 million Australians with one warrant.
“Effectively it's zero for the internet user and 10 for ASIO. We think it's of enormous concern,” he said.
The changes allow ASIO to access an unlimited number of third-party computers on a network with only one warrant.
The bill doesn't define “computer network”, which has led experts to say that the laws essentially allow ASIO to monitor the entire internet.
“There is no arbitrary or artificial limit on the number of devices,” Attorney-General George Brandis told the Senate.
The Palmer United Party managed to attach an amendment that means anyone who publicly names an ASIO agent could be jailed for up to a decade, which is a 10-time increase in the existing maximum penalty.
Australian Greens list unprecedented security and surveillance powers being passed in Oz pic.twitter.com/R9mBfeksIm @caparsons @OpenMedia_ca — Adam Molnar (@admmo) September 25, 2014
The laws have raised concerns over the fate of whistleblowers and journalists, who could be jailed under the legislation for “recklessly” disclosing information related to a “special intelligence operation”.
Mr Barns said particular groups were “under threat”, such as journalists, whose confidential sources could be identified, and lawyers, whose privileged information between them and their clients could be exposed.
“Is ASIO going to look at this previously privileged advice? The law says they can. ASIO can do what they want. You will see wholesale internet surveillance,” he said.
Mr Barns said ASIO already had adequate powers to monitor individual suspects' internet use, but this would give the spy agency blanket powers to investigate anyone.
“The government has been cynical in the way it's had this legislation rushed through at an opportune moment, with no consideration for people's privacy and no real justification,” he said.
“ASIO is already a shadowy organisation. It needs to be accountable to someone. It does not need these powers, and there's no counterbalance to account for the abuse of these powers.
“If you give unchecked powers to organisations, it inevitably leads to abuse.”
But Attorney-General George Brandis said the reforms “had nothing to do with the press”.
He told the Senate that the reforms were the most significant improvement to Australia's security agencies since the 1979 ASIO Act was passed.
“What we have achieved tonight is to ensure that those who protect us, particularly in a newly dangerous age, have the strong powers and capabilities they need,” Mr Brandis told the Senate last night.
“But we've also achieved the outcome that those strong powers are protected and balanced by strong safeguards.”
The Greens have slammed the new measures — particularly those that allow ASIO to access, copy and delete data on Australians' computers — as extreme and a “relentless expansion of powers” of the surveillance state.
“You can't help but think that what the government is doing is using this atmosphere of fear and tension push draconian measures through Parliament that invade people's privacy without making us any safer,” Green leader Christine Milne told reporters this afternoon.
“Everybody condemns what (terror group) ISIL is doing, it's horrendous, it's barbaric, but we do not want to see the fabric of our own society here in Australia torn apart.”
Greens Senator Scott Ludlam said the bill was passed with an “absence of critique and opposition at a time when this country desperately needs it”.
Senators David Leyonhjelm and Nick Xenophon, who moved a number of unsuccessful amendments last night, also opposed the legislation.
However, the government agreed to amend the legislation to specifically rule out ASIO using torture.
The bill will now be sent back to the House of Representatives for the requisite rubber stamp.
The legal changes come amid growing concern over Islamic State extremists in the Middle East and terror threats at home.
A second suite of anti-terror laws targeting foreign fighters was introduced on Wednesday and will be debated next month.
These changes have opposition support and would make it a criminal office to travel to a terrorist hotspot without a reasonable excuse.
The government is aware of about 60 Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq.
A third bill enabling the collection of metadata will be introduced later this year.
News.com.au has approached Mr Brandis's office for comment.
Desert in Arizona via Shutterstock
Severe, repetitive cycles of drought have the potential to cause "catastrophic regime change" in ecosystems, making it unlikely that many species will manage to recover. That's the conclusion of a new eight-year study published recently in the journal Freshwater Biology by researchers at Oregon State University. "Populations that have persisted for hundreds or thousands of years are now dying out," said David Lytle, an associate professor of zoology, and chief author of the study. "Springs that used to be permanent are drying up. Streams that used to be perennial are now intermittent. And species that used to rise and fall in their populations are now disappearing."
The scientists focused their research on an aquatic desert ecosystem in Arizona, in the United States, and discovered that the formerly perennial stream dried up completely during a series of droughts in the first decade of the present century. The droughts caused a rapid shift that resulted in the local extinction of several species, including some top predators among the ecosystem's former insect population. "Before 2004, this area was like a beautiful oasis, with lots of vegetation, birds and rare species," Lytle said. "The spring has lost a number of key insect species, has a lot less water, and now has very different characteristics."
Although the long-term study focused on one isolated stream and its ecosystem, Lytle notes that the process is happening all across the desert Southwest. "Eventually this could lead to the loss of species from the entire region, or the complete extinction of species that rely on these desert oases," said co-author and doctoral candidate Michael Bogan.
Dry river in Arizona via Shutterstock
In the past 30 years the area has experienced increasingly frequent - and severe - droughts. The drought that completely dried up the stream under study caused the lowest flow in streams throughout Arizona in the past 60 years. The drought that killed invertebrates in the study stream was probably an unprecedented occurrence, said researchers. Unfortunately, climate change models predict that such droughts will not only continue in the desert Southwest in the foreseeable future, but they will come more frequently and they will be more intense.
var a2a_config = a2a_config || {};
a2a_config.onclick = 1;
Follow: Twitter / Facebook / Google+ / Pinterest
More Climate News / Back to the Homepage
The most exotic part of the Roman cavalryman's panoply was the face helmet, a metal mask that completely encased the head. One example of such is exhibited in the National Museum in Damascus, which is among the finest of Roman artistic achievements. The helmet, from Homs (ancient Emesa/Ἔμεσα) consists of a visor to protect the face and a shell covering the rest of the head, and is made entirely of iron coated with silver except for the crown area, which was originally covered with fabric. This luxury object was probably used for parades, but also intended to be worn in battle, since there is a hinge above the forehead that attaches the visor to the helmet. The helmet is thought to have belonged either to an Arab king of Emesa, or at least someone close to the king, since it was discovered in the city's royal necropolis, and was probably made in the workshops of Antioch, which were famous for their precious metal products.
Roman silver helmet with face mask from Homs (ancient Emesa/Ἔμεσα) 1st century AD. National Museum of Syria, Damascus.
(http://www.mcq.org/syrie/aac2_gp_casque.htm)
Another such face-mask (below) was discovered in a rich royal burial dating from the early Roman period at Philippopolis (modern Plovdiv) in 1905. This mask was subsequently published by the Bulgarian archaeologists Boris Dyankovich and Bogdan Filov (see Шлемът-маска в музея при Пловдивската народна библиотека. – Годишник на Нар. Библ. Пловдив І (1925), с.139-150) and exhibited in the city's Central Library, where it remained on display to the public for decades*.
However, unlike the Syrian example, the Bulgarian mask is sadly no longer available for the scrutiny of the public or academics. Having survived numerous wars and the Communist period, the Plovdiv mask fell victim to the phenomenon which has recently haunted the nation's archaeological/cultural heritage. In 1993-1994, under mysterious circumstances, the mask disappeared, and its current whereabouts are ‘unknown'.
On the theft of artifacts from Bulgarian Museums and Institutions see also: https://www.academia.edu/4136789/Celtic_Coinage_from_Bulgaria_-_The_Material_Evidence
*The author would like to express his thanks to Dr. Evgeni Paunov for bringing the existence/theft of the Bulgarian mask to his attention
Advertisements
A video of a man trying to stab two police officers with an eight-inch knife in the UK has sparked a massive debate on social media. Many contrasted the way British cops subdued the attacker without incident with the way police in the US would have done.
The footage of the incident, which happened in 2014, was released earlier this week and has gone viral on YouTube. Two police officers, Alex Prentice and Debbie Wishart, were called to handle a domestic incident in Northamptonshire and were confronted by an aggressive man. The video shows them shouting at the weapon holder, Lee Vickers, ordering him to put his knife down while the man keeps swinging the blade at them. Vickers managed to hit one officer's protective vest with the knife but was eventually arrested and sentenced to three and a half years in prison.
A statement by Northamptonshire Police praised the way the officers managed to handle the situation, saying “They both demonstrated courage, cool resilience and outstanding professionalism in the face of extreme danger.”
A number of social media users noted lamented that these are exactly the qualities that law enforcement officers in the US lack.
“This is why I feel safe living in the UK,” Oli Ahmed wrote on Facebook. “Because normal police officers don't have guns and they know how to do their jobs. Compared to American police officers.”
Another user, Marc James Depends, complained that the way US police officers handle a situation “depends on race.” He added: “I'll never forget the case of Lance Tamyo in California. He shot at the police and was subdued. In contrast to Tamir Rice or Sam Dubose both had no gun and are dead.”
“If he was Black or Latino in the US, he would have died and there would have been no remorse,” LaQuinn UnleashtheBeast Thompson wrote.
Some highlighted the unarmed status of most British police, saying that “If UK cops had guns this guy would have been shot dead!”
One Facebook user wrote: “If someone came at you with a knife and you had a gun, wouldn't you shoot?”
“If a cop tells you to put a knife down, just put it down! Cooperate with the police. People act like policemen wake up every day thinking, 'I hope I get to shoot someone today.' Educating people to stop fighting the police will save more lives than taking guns from policemen,” Topper Yost wrote.
'Justifiable homicides?'
Police brutality cases have been spreading like wildfire in the US, sparking racial tensions across the country. A heated debate regarding the use of lethal police force has been raging since last August, when Michael Brown, an 18-year-old black man, was killed in Ferguson, Missouri.
The Guardian has recently counted that as many as 663 people were allegedly killed by law enforcement in America in 2015. The death toll is said to combine “the Guardian's reporting with verified crowdsourced information.”
The total number of bullets German police used in all of 2011 was 85. Of the 85 bullets used in 2011, 49 were warnings shots, 36 were aimed at criminal suspects, 15 people were injured, and 6 were killed, Der Spiegel reported in May.
Surprisingly enough, the US government does not have a comprehensive record of how many people are killed by police. Police have to file a report every time they use their firearm in the line of duty, but either through sheer volume or disinterest, no statistics are readily available on the amount of ammunition used annually. The FBI runs a voluntary program in which law enforcement agencies submit their annual count of "justifiable homicides" defined as "the killing of a felon in the line of duty."
Law enforcement reported 742 justifiable homicides by police in 2013. Of those, police officers "justifiably killed 461 felons, and private citizens justifiably killed 281 people during the commission of crimes," according to an FBI report.
Police brutality/killings are becoming so normal in the US. It's scary. — forever woke (@Aware_DatImRare) July 23, 2015
Lies, dashcams & videos of killings
The apotheosis of brutality probably occurred in April 2012, when Los Angeles police killed an unarmed Asian teen after unloading over 90 shots on him. It later turned out that Abdul Arian, 19, was once in the city's Police Department Explorer Academy, but had been reportedly discharged for some disciplinary reasons. According to police, they noticed Arian driving erratically and tried to pull him over. He allegedly refused, only to lead several cruisers and a fleet of helicopters in a dramatic chase across Southern California. When the pursuit ended, Arian fled his vehicle and repeatedly pointed his cell phone at officers, for some reason prompting police on the scene to react as if he was aiming a handgun.
The car chase and the subsequent killing was captured by local TV news helicopters and broadcast live across the region.
According to US District Court Judge Gary Klausner: "By the time Arian fell to the ground, at least three officers had emptied their 16-round magazines." Arian had no gun, and both a search of his vehicle and a toxicology report after his death turned up clean.
A number of teenagers have recently fallen victim to police brutality. An off-duty New Jersey state trooper is currently under investigation for shooting at a car full of fleeing teenagers, who said that they mistakenly knocked on his door thinking it was a friend's home. According to NJ Advance Media, the encounter occurred early Sunday morning on July 26 at a home owned by Kissinger Barreau, a 2009 graduate of the New Jersey State Police Academy.
Every person in America should care about police brutality. Despite what media shows it happens to every race, they have too much power. — Josh (@HHABZ) July 29, 2015
The initial probe of the incident found that the three teens knocked on the front and back doors of Barreau's residence in Sparta, NJ, believing they were at the home of a friend. But the off-duty trooper thought the teens were burglars, the Attorney General's office said. The trooper followed the teens into the street and tried to stop their vehicle, firing three rounds, one of which hit a tire. Luckily, no one was hurt.
Norwegian police could be a role model for all. Scandinavian cops fired just two shots in the entire of 2014, neither of which killed or injured anyone, official figures show. Officers used an opportunity to pull out their firearms only on 42 occasions in 2014, the lowest number in the last decade. They have killed two people in shootouts over the twelve year period, the statistics reveal, with fatal police shootings taking place in 2005 and 2006.
A disturbing video has been released last month, showing Colorado Springs police officer Tyler Walker, 29 at the time, going to extremes during a November 2013 arrest. Walker is shown slamming a handcuffed 18-year-old woman facedown into the ground, knocking out her teeth.
Alexis Acker suffered "trauma to the face, head, teeth and jaw; migraine headaches, concussion, closed head injuries, memory and cognitive function problems, as well as post-traumatic stress disorder." Acker's criminal attorney Cindy Hyatt said the woman's injuries would be permanent.
Seeing yet another Black life lost to police brutality in the US is honestly so sickening and depressing #SayHerName#JusticeForSandraBland — Saul Britton (@Saul_Britt) July 23, 2015
'Racial injustice'
Hundreds of people took to the streets of Newark, New Jersey, last week to protest against police brutality and racial injustice. A crowd of demonstrators demanded justice after a black activist, Sandra Bland, was found hanged in a Texas jail cell just three days after her detention for a minor traffic violation.
A police dashboard video of her confrontation with the trooper showed Brian T. Encinia pointing a stun gun at Bland and threatening to drag her out of the car. A video from the arrest, shot by a bystander, showed the officer forcing the woman to the ground as they argued. Bland's death has sparked a fresh wave of outrage on Twitter, her name mentioned alongside other police brutality victims, such as Michael Brown and Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man who fell into a coma and died after being arrested by Baltimore police in April. In the wake of protests over Gray, whose death from injuries sustained in police custody triggered unrest in several US cities, Baltimore has pledged to install cameras in police vans.
Earlier this week a Cincinnati police officer, accused of killing an unarmed black man during a traffic stop, has been indicted by a grand jury and charged with murder. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Officer Ray Tensing, who pulled over a 43-year-old African-American man, Samuel Dubose, on Sunday night because the driver was missing the front license plate on his car.
After a brief struggle between the two men, Dubose's car rolled forward, knockingthe officer to the ground. Tensing shot Dubose in the head. Announcing the murder charge against Tensing, Hamilton County Prosecutor Joe Deters said that “this is the most asinine act by a police officer I have ever seen," and "without question a murder."
how many more police brutality related deaths, videos, and cases of injustice does America have to go through before we get some change... — em (@emilyyy_aileen) July 26, 2015
One video released last week, meanwhile, exposes the lie of police officers who shot at a black man they claimed had struck an officer with his car. Waterloo citizen Jovan Webb, 27, a black man, was shot five times by local police outside the New World Lounge on April 5.
Webb's attorneys reportedly accuse the Waterloo Police Department of covering up what really happened the night of the shooting. The incident occurred after police responded to a disturbance at a Waterloo nightclub where a fist fight was taking place. As officers arrived, Webb, who had nothing to do with the fight, left the bar and was about to drive off from the parking lot. Police claim, however he drove toward an officer, prompting police to open fire. Webb was shot five times but managed to drive himself to a hospital.
Webb insists he didn't know that the person who tapped on his window, dressed in civilian clothes, was an officer and denies driving toward an officer. Webb's attorney has accused Waterloo police of lying to cover up an unjustified shooting, insisting that Webb was not posing a threat to police or anybody else. Although Webb suffered multiple wounds – two in his arm, one in his chest, and two into his abdomen – he managed to drive his car to the Unity Point Health-Allen hospital, pursued by a police car. There, dripping with blood, he was handcuffed. His life was saved by medical personnel who insisted the cuffs were removed to treat the severely wounded patient. Notwithstanding extensive surgery (doctors removed part of his intestine and made an incision from his chest to his lower abdomen), Jovan Webb still has two bullets in his body, because it is not safe to extract them without causing more injury.
Webb also suffered a collapsed lung and he requires the support of a breathing machine.
you know how the laws on police brutality will change?when the police treat a white person the same way they treat us.#SandraBland — SGM (@bamabelle2k9) July 23, 2015
Another dramatic video was released in mid-July, after months of legal battles. It showed California police officers fatally shooting an unarmed man in the Los Angeles suburbs after mistaking him and two others for robbery suspects.
The City of Gardena paid out $4.7 million to settle a federal lawsuit with the family of the deceased and his brother, who was injured during confrontation with police. Local authorities had been struggling to keep the video private, however. The incident happened on June 2, 2013, when police investigating a bicycle theft stopped Ricardo Diaz-Zeferino. The 34-year-old man was helping his brother find his stolen bike when he was rounded up as a suspect.
Witnesses said Zeferino attempted to tell officers that two other bicycle-riding friends they had stopped were the wrong men, but they wouldn't listen. An attorney for some of the men, R. Samuel Paz, told the LA Times that the newly released video distinctly showed “the cold-blooded shooting of clearly unarmed men.”
Rian Johnson. Photo: Billy Farrell/PatrickMcMullan.com
Rian Johnson gave Joseph Gordon-Levitt one of the first significant roles of his post-sitcom career with the 2005 high-school noir Brick, and now the director and star have reteamed for Looper, an ambitious, heady time-travel flick where Gordon-Levitt plays a young Bruce Willis with the help of some convincing (yet unnerving) prosthetics. It's a muscular bit of filmmaking, but it's also got brains and a soul, and the film ought to do for Johnson what the last year has done for Gordon-Levitt: vault him to an upper of echelon of Hollywood talent. We sat down with the director last week to discuss the tricky nature of time travel, sensitive Dark Knight secrets, and the downside to helming two acclaimed episodes of Breaking Bad.
Both Bruce Willis and Jeff Daniels have lines in this movie that essentially say, “Don't think too much about the particulars of time travel, or your brain will hurt.” Is that a directive to the audience, or is it born from your frustration as the screenwriter who's got to sort all this out?
[Laughs.] A little bit of the second one. I hope that to a certain extent I'm speaking for the audience there, too. We don't really want to hear a twenty-minute blackboard scene where everything is explained to us, but it's odd because, as a sci-fi nut myself, I'm always nervous that those lines will be interpreted as an excuse to get messy with it. I did chart it to make sure everything works, but really, time travel does not make sense. If you dig deeply into anything where the character goes into the past, you're going to hit a wall where you say, “This doesn't exactly work.” So as a storyteller, your job is to fool the audience, for lack of a better word, into believing in it for two hours.
You put Joseph Gordon-Levitt in a lot of prosthetics to look more like Bruce Willis. Did you ever think of tweaking Bruce's look, too, or did the financiers forbid you from messing with Bruce's face?
We considered it briefly, but there were logistical reasons why it wouldn't have made sense to have both of them do makeup. It was such a huge thing even just to have Joe do it, because it was three hours every morning to put that face on. But also, everyone knows so well what Bruce looks like and sounds like on film — almost the same way we know our mother's voice, we know what Bruce Willis sounds like — so not only would it have been odd to change that, but it gave Joe handholds to grab onto for his performance. Since Bruce is so recognizable, we wanted to use that instead of fighting it.
Even Emily Blunt looks a bit different in this movie, with her honey-colored hair and tan.
Basically, the whole movie was a makeover montage. [Laughs.] “I'm coming out …” That's the montage song, right? But Emily showed up on set like that, blond and tan with this accent she learned from watching Chris Cooper movies. Joe is the obvious transformation, but Emily is no less of a transformation. She looks so different than she ever has before, and she nails that accent.
You've been friends with Joseph Gordon-Levitt ever since the two of you made Brick. So, did he spoil the end of The Dark Knight Rises for you?
He didn't tell me shit! He didn't tell me a single thing. He knew better. I think he knew he would get a cell-phone bomb from Chris Nolan. But I did send him a 3 a.m. text after I saw the first midnight show, saying, “You bastard.” [Laughs.]
Bruce Willis has a reputation for being tough on his directors at times, but you say that wasn't the case here.
No, he was incredibly easy and awesome, and I realized that from the first moment he showed up on set. In a cast full of easy actors, he was maybe the easiest actually. If you imagine the dream scenario of working with the Bruce Willis you grew up watching in movies, it was that. He's a serious guy and really understated, so it's not like there's a lot of joking around on set, but there was this fun feeling that we were all doing good work. And he was so concentrated on the work, to the degree that the part of me that was intimidated to work with him just disappeared when we showed up on set, because it was like working with a great actor who's trying to get at the heart of each scene.
You've directed two episodes of Breaking Bad, a show that you're a fan of. But when you come in as a director for hire, and you have to learn where your episode takes place in the season, does part of you regret spoiling yourself?
Oh yeah, totally! As great as it would be to work with those guys again, that's part of why I'm glad to not be doing one of the final eight episodes, since I get to just watch it as a fan. This season wasn't too bad because I did the fourth episode and only had to read up ‘til there, so for the back half of the season, I didn't know how it was going to end. Although I guessed it! I think everybody did, though.
So, you get to read all the scripts that precede your episode?
Yes, but a horrible thing happened this season, because even after I did episode four, for a while, I was still on their automated system where they kept e-mailing me the scripts for five and six. I didn't read them! It was like radioactive material. But I managed to stay clean. Also, just as a fan of the show, it's surreal to show up on set and do my morning crossword at Walter White's kitchen table. Or you're sitting there talking to Bryan Cranston, who looks like this character that you're a fan of. It's something you never get to experience with a movie, because by the time you're a fan of it, all that stuff is gone.
I have to assume that studios are offering you big comic-book movies.
There's always conversations. It's flattering to be in that circle of people who are thought about for those things, and I'm a big fan of those movies, so it's fun to talk about them. Right now, I'm focusing on writing my next film, and it's an original thing I'm working on. Not that I'd shut down the possibility in the future, but I'm in this spot right now where I can get these original movies made, and that's not going to last forever. As long as that's happening, I want to get as many of my own things made as possible.
Today, July 7, 2016, Canonical has announced that its Ubuntu 15.10 (Wily Werewolf) operating system will reach end of life (EOL) in three weeks from the moment of writing this article, on July 28, 2016.
Announced on October 22, 2015, Ubuntu 15.10 was dubbed Wily Werewolf by Canonical and Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth, and this was the first codename based on a fictional character, not a real animal as in all the other cases. Ubuntu 15.10 is not an LTS (Long Term Support) release, which means that it has a short life support cycle for security fixes and software updates.
"As a non-LTS release, 15.10 has a 9-month month support cycle and, as such, the support period is now nearing its end and Ubuntu 15.10 will reach end of life on Thursday, July 28th. At that time, Ubuntu Security Notices will no longer include information or updated packages for Ubuntu 15.10," says Adam Conrand in today's email announcement received by Softpedia.
Therefore, starting July 28, Canonical will no longer provide security updates for Ubuntu 15.10 (Wily Werewolf), which means that if you don't upgrade to a newer version, such as Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus), your system could become compromised. For details on how to upgrade from Ubuntu 15.10 to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, please visit https://help.ubuntu.com/community/XenialUpgrades
If that doesn't help, we're also providing you with an easy-to-follow, step-by-step tutorial on how to upgrade your Ubuntu 15.10 installation to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, which should be a light reading for anyone. Also, if you encounter any issues during the upgrade process, don't hesitate to drop a few words in the comments section below.
Safe to say, LPGA Tour star Stacy Lewis earned some new fans for this one — and rightfully so. It's not often you see a gesture as heartfelt and genuine as this.
Ahead of this week's Portland Classic the LPGA Tour star, who has been living in Houston since she was 11 and whose husband is the head women's golf coach at the University of Houston, announced she would donate her entire check to the Houston relief effort:
Fast-forward to Sunday. Stacy Lewis snapped her three year win-less streak with a victory at the event, meaning she'll donate her entire $195,000 winner's check to charity. KPMG, her sponsor, is matching her donation, while Marathon Oil is also donating $1 million as a result.
Lewis said that knowing what was on the line made her feel like there “more pressure,” but in the end, she pulled through:
“I was fine until [my husband] showed up, and then I started crying. You go through all the emotions of finishing second when sometimes it's your fault and sometimes it's not, and things just don't seem to ever go your way and you get really frustrated at times. He went through all of that with me, and it was probably as hard on him as it was on me. So just to have him here and get to share the win with him was pretty special.”
Lindsey
Things To Do In London This Easter
A selection of Easter holiday activities and entertainment for those with children, those without and those intent on clubbing their way through the Easter weekend.
Kids & families
Holidays provide the perfect opportunity to participate in the Big Egg Hunt around London.
The Ragged School Museum wants to tell your children about Queen Victoria's children on 4, 5, 11 & 12 April between 10am to 4.30pm (free, drop in anytime).
Easter eggs containing Florence Nightingale's equipment are waiting to be tracked down at the Florence Nightingale Museum between Sunday 31 March and 15 April. There's also Easter bonnet making on Thursday 5 April (included in normal museum admission price, adult £5.80, kids £4.80).
Royal China Queensway restaurant is offering free chopstick lessons for children of all ages on Wednesday 4 and 11 April, from 3-4pm.
Meet the ducklings and go pond dipping at the Barnes Wildfowl and Wetland Centre everyday until 15 April between 11am-3.30pm (normal admission adults £10.99, children £6.10, under 10s free).
Say hello to the Easter Bunny, hunt eggs and ride donkeys at Spitalfields City Farm Family Easter Event on Sunday 8 April between 11am-4pm (free).
Camden Arts Centre's Taking Root Easter Weekend involves architecture in the garden plus activities, talks and workshops for all ages on Saturday 7 and Sunday 8 April between 12-5pm (free, but please book).
Egg-Laying Animals are the family friendly focus at the Grant Museum on 2-4 April and 12-13 April, drop-in between 1pm to 5pm (free).
Grown-up stuff
The Old Vic Tunnels bunker will be transformed into a Holiday Camp, complete with meadow, boating pond, deck chairs, bouncy castle, music etc on Thursday 5 and Friday 6 April from 7pm, activities start from 8pm (tickets £15).
Brodie's Bunny Bash beer festival features 40 beers at the King William IV pub, Leyton from Friday 6 April to Monday 9 April.
Like cocktails with your chocolate? Try the Monkey Shoulder Chocolate Trail at 63 Broadwick Street from Friday 6 to Monday 9 April, midday till 7pm (free to attend, drinks to buy).
The Queen Elizabeth Hall roof garden opens for the summer and the Real Food Market is at Southbank Square all Easter weekend. Plus, E4 Udderbelly Festival begins in the upturned purple cow tent on Friday 6 April.
The Passion of Jesus will be performed in Trafalgar Square on Good Friday 6 April at noon and 3.15pm (free).
Take a seasonal chocolate and coffeehouse tour of London from 11.30am Saturday 8 April. Read our review of an earlier Coffeehouse Tour with Dr Matthew Green (£15+bkg — includes free shots of Olympian hot chocolate, 18th-century perfume, and champagne).
Watch the Goat Race at Spitalfields City Farm on Saturday 7 April from 1.30pm (book tickets now, adults £5.50, kids 50p).
Or there's the Boat Race on the Thames from 2.15pm.
Walk the Central Line from Chancery Lane to Bank with Mark Mason of Walk the Lines literary fame on Sunday 8 April from 2.30pm (£8).
There's an African Takeover at Rich Mix with Open the Gate Circus, including an African market, workshops and music then an evening cabaret, midday till late on Sunday 8 April (free).
Harmondsworth Barn — Betjeman's Cathedral of Middlesex — opens to the public - will open to the public for the first time since EH saved it on Easter Sunday 8 April. Entrance is free. N.B. Summer opening will be on the 2nd and 4th Sunday of each month 10am-5pm.
Fire Hazard are creating a new game: "Eggs of the Alien Queen Get them all to save earth ... well, humanity." Sign up to find out more.
Clubbers
Disco Bloodbath's 5th Birthday Easter Ball will catapult you into Easteryness on Thursday 5 April at Hysteria, Kingsland Road E8 from 9pm-6am (£8 b4 midnight, £10 after).
Airbound's boat party may be sold out but the after party, and the after (after) party will still rock, hip hop and disco you from Friday 6 April into Saturday morning at Corsica Studios from 11pm-6am (tickets £8 - free if you managed to snag a boat party ticket).
Autoheart's PUNCH at the Lexington is our live music and pop top tip for Saturday 7 April from 7.30pm (£5).
The good people at Don't Panic co-host a party with French electrophiles Kitsuné Maison at Heaven on Sunday 8 April from 8.30pm (tickets £14).
The Brixton Windmill's laying on free live music and a BBQ from 3pm to wind up your bank holiday weekend on Monday 9 April (please tip the bands!).
What did we miss? What are you planning? Let us know in the comments.
Photo by ozchris2 via the Londonist Flickrpool
Prime Minister Stephen Harper is a warmonger. Yes, you read that right. You haven't accidentally wandered over to rabble.ca. I'm not trying to score cheap points either. I'm just observing a fact. Stephen Harper is pro-war. He thinks that war is something worth doing. He thinks that war has numerous redeeming qualities.
Various commentators have pointed this out. After all, how many political leaders go out of their way to celebrate the beginning of the First World War? Or who thinks that the War of 1812 is more worthy of commemoration than the adoption of Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms? The Harper Government is constantly sending out weird press releases, celebrating the anniversary of some battle or skirmish that no one has ever heard of. (The various quixotic initiatives undertaken by the government on this front have been documented in some detail by Ian McKay and Jamie Swift in their book, Warrior Nation: Rebranding Canada in an Age of Anxiety.)
All of this came to the forefront in the recent vote to join the U.S. effort to tamp down ISIS. Harper clearly regarded this as a much-anticipated “redo” of the 2003 decision, whether to join in the American invasion of Iraq. It is absolutely clear that, had Harper been Prime Minister in 2003, Canada would have joined that coalition. What is perhaps more striking is that, even with the benefit of hindsight, knowing how the American occupation turned out, Harper clearly still thinks that Canada should have joined the invasion force.
And yet, Harper remains as elusive as ever. There is some level at which he clearly likes war, and would very much like to see Canada get involved in more of them. And yet he is a peculiar sort of warmonger, in that he also doesn't seem to have a lot of stomach for the reality of it. For instance, he doesn't seem have much of the grudging respect for men like Vladimir Putin that you find on the right-wing of the U.S. Republican Party. His reaction to the Ukraine crisis was more like “Oh my God, how could you?” rather than “This is how the great game is played, we must learn to play it better…”
All of this led me to thinking about the various sorts of warmongers who are out there. I mean, what kind of young man reads All Quiet on the Western Front, or Johnny Got his Gun, or The Tin Drum, and comes away thinking “true, but on balance war still seems to me a good thing”? (Personally, I just finished reading Anand Gopal's excellent, astonishing No Good Men Among the Living, which reinforces my general impression that war is almost entirely a shitshow, in which lots of people get killed. Gopal portrays the Americans in Afghanistan as having overwhelming force, but lacking almost entirely any reliable information about how to use it. The subsequent resurgence of the Taliban was, in his view, essentially an own goal.)
Anyhow, getting back to the warmongering. I can think of several possible motives for such a view, and thus at least four different categories:
1. Macho. The most common stereotype of the warmonger is the macho type, who essentially sees human relations in terms of a dominance hierarchy. Typically this sort of person began, at a young age, to use force and intimidation as a way of moving up the dominance hierarchy, and over time allowed this to become something of a worldview (often couched in terms of “respect” or “honour”). The attitude toward war is basically a projection onto the nation-state of the lessons learned in interpersonal relations – you have to show people who's boss, you can't let you guard down, if they don't fear you they will conspire against you, etc. This is the sort of person for whom the chant, “we're number one,” resonates deeply (example: John McCain).
2. Realist. The realist is far less emotional than the macho warmonger – in fact, he is often better described as being “in the grip of a theory.” The theory in question is usually a somewhat reductionist view of human relations, which maintains that “when push comes to shove,” or “when you get down to brass tacks,” it is force that maintains social order. Thus the realist is inclined to view international law, negotiations and deliberations, to be potentially useful, but only when backed up by the use of force. People, however, tend to forget this, which is why is necessary to have a war every so often, in order to remind everyone how things really work (example: Robert Kagan).
3. Nation-building. Others see war more instrumentally, as part of a larger nation-building project. Nothing unifies people like having a common enemy. And as Carl Schmitt taught us, the nation is fundamentally about drawing the distinction between friend and foe. The nation-building warmonger initiates conflict, not just to distract from difficult domestic issues, but to enhance social solidarity, and to create a sense of national purpose (example: Vladimir Putin).
4. Romantic. In this day and age, the romantic militarist is a bit of an odd duck, despite the fact that it used to be a very popular view. Consider this passage from Tolstoy's War and Peace, which is like a tiny window into a world that has long disappeared:
Rostov, standing in the front lines of Kutuzov's army which the Tsar approached first, experienced the same feeling as every other man in that army: a feeling of self-forgetfulness, a proud consciousness of might, and a passionate attraction to him who was the cause of this triumph. He felt that at a single word from that man all this vast mass (and he himself an insignificant atom in it) would go through fire and water, commit crime, die, or perform deeds of the highest heroism, and so he could not but tremble and his heart stand still at the imminence of that word… The Tsar addressed the officers also: “I thank you all, gentlemen, I thank you with my whole heart.” To Rostov every word sounded like a voice from heaven. How gladly would he have died at once for his Tsar! “You have earned the St. George's standards and will be worthy of them.” “Oh, to die, to die for him ” thought Rostov. The Tsar said something more which Rostov did not hear, and the soldiers, straining their lungs, shouted “Hurrah!” Rostov too, bending over his saddle, shouted “Hurrah!” with all his might, feeling that he would like to injure himself by that shout, if only to express his rapture fully.
This is the sort of romanticism that the First World War largely put an end to. At the same time, you can still find echos of it, particularly among those who are intensely patriotic, or committed to the virtue of “sacrifice” – which always seems to mean dying rather than, say, paying taxes – or who think that war helps the nation to achieve “moral clarity.”
If one had to slot Stephen Harper in somewhere on this list, I think one would have to classify him as a romantic militarist. This is mainly due to the fact that his attitude toward the military, like much of his more general political conservatism, seems to be based on nostalgia. His book on hockey made it clear that this is a significant aspect of his temperament. (Many people who are fundamentally misanthropic take the affections that would normally be directed towards other people and displace them into some other realm, cultivating for instance an excessive fondness for animals. Stephen Harper appears to have taken a number of ordinary human emotions and displaced them onto objects in the past.) One of his core convictions seems to be that things were just better back in the old days. A hazy romanticism about Canada's military past is part and parcel of all this – the sacrifice, the heroism, etc. Hence all the stuff like reverence for Passchendaele (a battle that Lloyd George described as “one of the greatest disasters of the war… No soldier of any intelligence now defends this senseless campaign”), or the desire to revive old insignia and uniforms.
Unlike McKay and Swift, my inclination is regard all of this as mostly harmless. As far as rebranding Canada as a “warrior nation,” the Conservatives seem to me to have been spinning their wheels. This is for two reasons:
First, there is the fact that they have been unable to figure out, any better than the Liberals before them, how to solve the problem of military procurement in this country. As a result, there is little danger of Canada actually becoming a fighting nation – we simply don't have the hardware to do it. Furthermore, the lack of equipment — or even competence in the acquisition of equipment — betrays a fundamental lack of seriousness, which in turn makes a lot of the militarism seem like just play-acting.
Second, there is the fact that Canada does not need a fighting military. Americans often accuse other Western nations, particularly some European states, of free-riding on U.S. military power. And while this may not be true of some nations, it is certainly true of Canada. As far as military spending is concerned, the relationship between Canada and the United States is a perfect example of what Mancur Olson referred to as the “exploitation of the great by the small.” Part of what's nice about having the world's largest undefended border with the U.S. is that the U.S. would therefore never tolerate the invasion of Canada by a hostile power. As a result, we have to be prepared for minor border skirmishes, but we don't really have to have a full-scale military, sufficient to defend the country from attack.
The fact that the Canadian military is essentially otiose provides one way of understanding our past enthusiasm for peacekeeping – at least it provided some rationale for maintaining something like an able fighting force. Take away the peacekeeping, and what becomes the new raison d'être for the Canadian military? The Conservative government has yet to provide one — indeed, it seems not to be aware of even the need to. The boyish enthusiasm for the military that you find in Stephen Harper (or, say, Peter MacKay) is essentially a matter of personal temperament and political ideology, but it lacks any underlying national or geopolitical rationale.
In other words, the fundamental problem with trying to reimagine Canada as a “warrior nation” – apart from the fact that we are not one – is that the military in Canada serves no pressing national interest, and so we have no material incentive to become one.
Advertisement
It has been almost 70 years since a rare supermoon lit up the dark night skies as it will on Monday and people flocked to vantage points to catch a glimpse of the phenomenon.
The moon will be at its biggest and brightest - because it will be 30,000km closer to earth than normal - providing some incredible opportunities for viewers to take a photo of the moon as it basks in the night sky.
While cloud cover threatened to mask the view across the nation's capital cities, Brisbane was presented with a stunning view of the supermoon hovering at dusk.
Scroll down for video
The supermoon - at its biggest and brightest for nearly 70 years -captured in incredible detail on Monday night
The moon is at its biggest and brightest because it will be 30,000km closer to earth than normal
Brisbane was presented with a stunning view of the supermoon hovering at dusk with a plane taking off
As the sun sets the supermoon lit up the sky as it towered over Brisbane city on Monday night
The dark sky showed the supermoon in full force as photographers from Brisbane jumped at the rare sight
The enormity of the moon can be seen in the images with the crevasses formed by the lava beds on full display.
Earlier predictions Sydneysiders may be denied the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see the phenomena as a trough will bring a large amount of low- to mid-level cloud cover was correct.
But, some lucky photographers were able to snap the supermoon peaking through the heavy cloud cover, with one image was from a participant as they were climbing the Harbour Bridge.
Another picture captured the supermoon making an appearance above the iconic Opera House.
Stunning image of the supermoon peaking through the clouds and the iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge
The supermoon can be seen peaking through the cloudy sky behind the Sydney Opera House
Beautiful shot of the supermoon, in a dark yellow contrast with previous images, hovering above the Sydney Opera House
The supermoon captured by a photographer as it shines brightly through cloud cover on Monday
People watching the rare supermoon in south Sydney as the luminous sight enriches the sky
A crowd gathered in south Sydney on Balg Hill to watch the rare supermoon grace the night sky
The grandeur of the supermoon shown behind a train on the Sydney Harbour Bridge on Monday night
With the moon appearing 14 per cent bigger and 30 per cent brighter photographers from across the globe jumped over the moon's larger than life appearance.
Beautiful shots of the supermoon gracing the sky above Hobart and rising in Perth painted an incredible picturesque view.
The supermoon sparkled against the water as photographers snapped stunning shots of the rare sight.
The majestic supermoon graces the beautiful city of Hobart as it appears over the mountain range
The supermoon can be seen captured above Hobart as the sun begins to disappear
Clouds momentarily block the full view of the incredible supermoon that sparkled against the waters of Hobart on Monday
The large supermoon appears a dark luminous yellow on Monday as it hangs in the sky over Perth
Daily Mail provided the best opportunities and vantage points to watch the supermoon with the forecast during the much-anticipated rise of the supermoon is looking good in most capital cities but cloud cover could threaten the view for some in the south east corner of the country.
Scroll down for video
The forecast is for some cloud over the south east corner but it will be worse for Sydney than other cities
Sydneysiders may be denied the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see the phenomena as a trough will bring a large amount of low- to mid-level cloud cover.
'There will be some cloud but the sky won't be completely covered, the forecast is for broken cloud which is around half the sky, so the good news is it shouldn't be covering the whole sky,' Weatherzone meteorologist Ben Domensino said.
The stars seem to have aligned for most of the other capital cities, with the forecast far more favourable.
In Melbourne there will be some cloud cover and it'll be around 16 degrees at 6pm.
Brisbane's forecast couldn't be better, with a clear and dry night ahead.
Going to a place with a clear view of the eastern horizon is going to be your best bet in terms of positioning.
The optimal time for seeing the supermoon is between moonrise and sunset, so for example, in Brisbane that's going to be between 5:51 pm and 6:16 pm.
With the wind direction swinging to a southerly in Sydney, you might need to pack a jumper with a temperature drop on the way and even the chance of showers.
People around the world will be eagerly awaiting the moons rise on Monday as it's set to be the biggest supermoon in living memory
Optimal supermoon gazing time Sydney: 7:07 PM - 7:35 PM Brisbane: 5:51 PM - 6:16 PM Canberra: 7:18 PM - 7:47 PM Melbourne: 7:40 PM - 8:09 PM Hobart: 7:38 PM - 8:12 PM Adelaide: 7:32 PM - 7:58 PM Darwin: 6:37 PM - 6:52 PM Perth: 6:33 PM - 6:53 PM
'The chance of showers and a storm will be more likely through western Sydney but the models are showing all of Sydney does have a chance,' Mr Domensino said.
If it's any constellation, if you miss it on Monday night, there will be ample opportunity for round two on Tuesday and things could even be better then for Sydney-siders with a little less cloud looming.
Satellite imagery showes cloud cover moving towards the south east corner last night
As for instragramming tips - who better to give advice than NASA's very own senior photographer?
The number one tip from Bill Ingalls is to get some perspective.
'Don't make the mistake of photographing the moon by itself with no reference to anything.
On Monday the new moon will coincide with the moon's closest approach to the earth
'Instead, think of how to make the image creative—that means tying it into some land-based object. It can be a local landmark or anything to give your photo a sense of place,' Ingalls said.
Mr Ingalls also warned not to take your artistry too seriously.
'There are lots of great photos of people appearing to be holding the moon in their hand and that kind of thing. You can get really creative with it,' he said.
NASA's senior photographer told us to have fun with our photography 'You can get really creative with it,' he said.
While the quality might not be quite as good as a camera, Ingalls said a smartphone can do the trick if used properly.
'Tap the screen and hold your finger on the object (in this case, the moon) to lock the focus. Then slide your finger up or down to darken or lighten the exposure,' he said.
There's always a lot of talk about supermoons so is this one really any more special than the others? Yes.
Monday's supermoon will be even bigger than the supermoon of 2014
'At perigree — the point at which the moon is closest to Earth — the moon can be as much as 14 percent closer to Earth than at apogee, when the moon is farthest from our planet. The full moon appears that much larger in diameter and because it is larger shines 30 percent more moonlight onto the Earth,' a statement from NASA said
CLEVELAND, OHIO — Former federal judge and U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey, during the second day of the Republican National Convention, declared that presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has disregarded the Constitution and should not be elected president.
He said:
The Constitution specifically requires … the president swear to an oath — and it's the only oath that's set forth in the Constitution — to faithfully execute the office and to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution. Hillary Clinton took a similar oath before she became secretary of state. …. What that adds up to is that Hillary Clinton is asking the people of this country, the people of the United States, to make her the first president in history to take the Constitutional oath of office after already having violated it. The message from this convention to everyone watching these proceedings and the message to her should be loud, clear, and short: No way Hillary! No way on earth!
Mukasey served as U.S. attorney general from November 2007 to January 2009 and as a district judge in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York from 1988 to 2006. He became chief judge in 2000.
Although President Barack Obama's FBI director, James Comey, conceded that Clinton was “extremely careless” in handling “very sensitive, highly classified information” as secretary of state, he argued that there was no recent precedent for bringing a criminal case against her.
Mukasey has been a vocal critic of Clinton's email scandal and the FBI's response.
During the convention, he joined former U.S. attorney, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, in presenting a case before the public against Clinton's mishandling of classified information as secretary of state.
This article is over 2 years old
Ministers believe half-brother of North Korean leader was killed with more than 10mg of UN classified VX nerve agent
Kim Jong-nam death: poison dose so high he died in '15 to 20 minutes'
The dose of poison given to North Korean ruler Kim Jong-un's half-brother was so high it killed him “within 15 to 20 minutes”, Malaysia's health minister has said.
Kim Jong-nam died on 13 February at Kuala Lumpur airport from being poisoned with VX nerve agent, a banned chemical substance classified by the UN as a weapon of mass destruction.
Subramaniam Sathasivam said on Sunday that the dose of VX given to Kim was so high it “would have affected everything”.
“VX only requires 10mg to be absorbed into the system to be lethal, so I presume that the amount of dose that went in is more than that,” he said at a news conference.
“The doses were so high and it did it so fast and all over the body, so it would have affected his heart, it would have affected his lungs, it would have affected everything.”
Asked how long it took for Kim to die after he was attacked, Subramaniam said: “I would think it was about, from the time of onset, from the time of application, 15-20 minutes.”
Kim Jong-nam killing: suspect 'paid $90 to take part in prank' Read more
Despite the poisoning, Malaysia has insisted the killing poses no remaining danger to the public and on Sunday declared its international airport a “safe zone” after completing a sweep of the terminal where Kim had been assaulted.
The police forensic team, fire department and atomic energy licensing board swept the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International airport at 1 am on 26 February.
“We confirm, number one, there is no hazardous material found in KLIA2; number two, KLIA2 is free from any form of contamination of hazardous material and thirdly, KLIA2 is declared a safe zone,” Abdul Samah Mat, the police chief of Selangor state who is leading the investigation, told reporters at the airport.
The site of the assault was cordoned off during the sweep, but the rest of the terminal remained open. Since the incident, tens of thousands of people have passed through the terminal, with the location of the assault remaining accessible.
Security camera footage released by Japanese broadcaster Fuji TV showed the moment two women assaulted Kim with a cloth authorities suspect was laced with the nerve agent.
In later clips Kim is seen asking airport officials for medical help and rubbing his eyes and stumbling as he entered an airport clinic. Airport authorities said he complained of dizziness and died on the way to hospital.
Authorities have said there have been no anomalies in medical cases reported at the clinic since the incident. They also said medical staff at the clinic were in good health.
The use of deadly VX makes Kim Jong-nam's murder even more shocking | Hamish de Bretton-Gordon Read more
One Indonesian woman and one Vietnamese woman have been detained, along with a North Korean man.
Seven other North Koreans have been identified as suspects or are wanted for questioning, four of whom have since left for Pyongyang, the North Korean capital, police said.
Police are also sweeping other locations in Kuala Lumpur that suspects may have visited.
Samah Mat said earlier on Saturday that authorities had raided an apartment in an upscale Kuala Lumpur suburb earlier this week in connection with the death and were checking for any traces of unusual chemicals in the apartment.
Kim, who had been living in exile with his family in Macau under Chinese protection, had spoken publicly in the past against his family's dynastic control of the isolated, nuclear-armed state.
South Korean and US officials said he was assassinated by North Korean agents. North Korea has not acknowledged his death.
Subramaniam said that autopsy findings were consistent with police reports showing Kim was killed by VX.
He said the chemical caused “serious paralysis which led to the death of the person in such a short period of time”.
The Indonesian suspect, Siti Aishah, was reported to be unwell, possibly owing to contact with the chemical. Subramaniam said authorities were running tests to ascertain whether Siti had been affected by the chemical.
I've compiled a listicle of my favorite historical photos of New Orleans. Through its complex history, New Orleans experienced a series of issues: slavery, war, riots, segregation, hurricanes, etc. I stopped prior to 1980 to keep it as historical as possible. I kept it at 100 to keep it succinct, but there are many more that should belong here so feel free to add any of your favorite photos in the comments section.
Hope you enjoyed them! Most of these photos are in the public domain. If you have any inquires about sourcing, where to find the original, or corrections on dates or locations, please contact me or inquire in the comments section.
Advertisements
Women of colour working in astronomy and planetary science experience high rates of harassment at work, a study finds. In a survey, a striking 40% of these scientists reported feeling unsafe in their workplaces owing to their gender, and 28% reported feeling unsafe on account of their race.
The findings, published on 10 July in the Journal of Geophysical Research: Planets1, illustrate a well-researched phenomenon: a woman's risk of being subjected to gendered or race-based harassment is higher if she belongs to multiple minority groups. Women of colour were more likely than white women or men of colour to recall a negative workplace experience during a five-year period from 2011-2015. Such incidents included having their mental or physical ability questioned.
“This is something that I've known about, that I've seen and experienced, as someone of colour, for as long as I've been in the field. So I'm not surprised,” says Cristina Thomas, an astronomer at the Planetary Science Institute who is based at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. “I was very happy to see someone quantify what was happening so other people would see it.”
In plain sight
The study, whose participants ranged from undergraduate students to senior researchers, suggests that the negative environment experienced by many female scientists of colour is often apparent to colleagues of other genders or ethnicities.
Eighty-eight per cent of the 474 participants — a group that was 84% white and included both men and women — had heard remarks that were racist, sexist or directed at a person's gender or intelligence in their current workplace.
Survey respondents included 45 women of colour, who collectively accounted for 11% of participants. That proportion is double the percentage of minority women in the United States who hold bachelor's degrees in physical science.
The analysis is the first of its kind in the astronomy and planetary-science fields, and one of few in a science, technology, engineering or medicine discipline that specifically examines the experiences of women of colour, says study co-author Christina Richey, former chair of the American Astronomical Society's Committee on the Status of Women in Astronomy in Washington DC. The research team was made up of two planetary scientists and two social scientists, including anthropologist Kathryn Clancy of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, who led a high-profile survey of harassment in scientific fieldwork that was published in 2014 in PLoS ONE2.
The latest study found that harassment and discrimination can have a heavy impact on an individual's career decisions. Eighteen per cent of women of colour and 12% of white women reported avoiding a class, conference or professional event because they did not feel safe attending. Such events can help to foster professional networks, mentorship and opportunities for collaboration — connections that can advance a scientist's career, says Zuleyka Zevallos, a sociologist at Swinburne University of Technology in Melbourne, Australia.
Systemic solutions
“If a culture of hostility remains in place, it doesn't matter what we do at the individual level because the system is broken. The pipeline is broken,” says Zevallos, who helped to implement gender-education programmes at universities in her former position at the Australian Academy of Science in Canberra.
The analysis has sparked intense discussion online among astronomers and planetary scientists. Several female scientists of colour have shared their stories on Twitter, describing the significant, but sometimes subtle, consequences of harassment and discrimination in their own lives.
Chanda Prescod-Weinstein, a theoretical physicist at the University of Washington in Seattle, tweeted that when faced with events that she thought might expose her to harassment, discrimination or other negative experiences, she sometimes brought her husband along. But that created an extra financial burden for the couple.
In recent years, professional societies such as the American Astronomical Society and American Geophysical Union have taken steps to prevent harassment at their meetings. The latest study suggests several actions that research institutions, funding agencies and scientific societies can take to reduce harassment. These include updating their codes of conduct to bar harassment; instituting mandatory cultural-awareness training; encouraging leading researchers to model appropriate behaviour; and putting in place swift sanctions for perpetrators.
“It's time to pivot away from the conversation of, ‘Is gender equity and racism a problem in science?', and shift to taking action,” Zevallos says. “We can't afford to lose more women of colour, white women and under-represented minorities.”
Hello everyone,
Here's my next review on a tank that is coming soon, the Swedish Tier VI Premium Medium Tank Strv M/42-57 Alt A.2. I watched Quickbaby Gamescom 2016 Stream where he played it and here's what I think of it. As usual, let me know your thoughts in the comments so I can improve. Enjoy.
Description
This project featuring the AMX-13 oscillating turret with the 7,5cm kan strv 74 guns was proposed as a part of the Strv 74 development. It was never built.
Pictures
Statistics
Shell Avg. Damage: 150 / 150 / 185
150 / 150 / 185 Shell Avg. Penetration: 148 / 207 / 38 mm
148 / 207 / 38 mm Rate of Fire: 13.5 rounds/min
13.5 rounds/min Reload Time: 4.5s (with Rammer + BiA + Vents)
4.5s (with Rammer + BiA + Vents) Turret Traverse Speed: 36.4 deg/s
36.4 deg/s Gun Depression/Elevation Angles: -6/12 deg
-6/12 deg Aiming Time: 1.58s
1.58s Dispersion at 100 m : 0.31 m
m 0.31 m Average Damage per Minute: 2,021 HP/min
2,021 HP/min Hit Points: 700
700 Hull Armour: 55 / 30 / 20
55 / 30 / 20 Turret Armour: 40 / 20 / 20
40 / 20 / 20 Weigh/Load Limit: 25.9/29 t
25.9/29 t Engine Power: 340 hp
340 hp Specific Power: 13.1 hp/t
13.1 hp/t Top Speed / Reverse Speed: 45 / 20 km/h
45 / 20 km/h Traverse Speed: 46.68 deg/s
46.68 deg/s Concealment of Stationary Vehicle: 31.1 / 7.28 (%)
31.1 / 7.28 (%) Concealment of Moving Vehicle: 24.1 / 5.36 (%)
24.1 / 5.36 (%) View Range: 360 m
360 m Signal Range: 400 m
400 m Crew: 3 (Commander, Gunner, Driver)
Armour
Playstyle
The Strv M/42-57 Alt A.2 is counter-punch medium tank. It doesn't have the DPM as for example the Cromwell B, so its not advised to play it as a brawler. Keep your distance but not to far away. Penetration is not good to be a decent sniper, this means you have to play as a second line sniper medium. Aim time is amazing, use this to surprise your enemies and get a quick shot in them. Wait for them to fire and then peak out and get some damage done. With Gun Rammer, Brothers in Arms and Vents to reload speed and DPM gets better, so get this as soon as you can.
Speed is decent but again, not great, plan carefully your moves and where you are going at the start of the map. Use it's decent camouflage to spot for your team, your speed will allow you to get to good positions and then reposition yourself once you get spotted, but again, it's not a Cromwell B so it won't climb that hill as fast as you think.
Gun depression is only 6 degrees, again worse than a Cromwell B, this means you have to be careful with the terrain and if your enemies are above you, again, not a lot of elevation to look at them with the 12 degrees.
So in resume, it's a decent medium, with average penetration and average DPM. It performs good against tanks of the same Tier and decently against one tier above, but you will struggle against Tier VIII tanks. The upcoming Swedish Tech Tree is going to introduce a Tank Destroyer line and a Medium that finishes with Heavy Tanks, meaning this tank won't be great to train your crew for the higher tiers.
The Good & Bad
Good
Excellent Aiming Time
Good Terrain Resistance
Good Camouflage Values for a Medium
Good Dispersion allows you go fire on the move
Good moneymaker for Tier VI
Bad
Not great to train new crews for upcoming Swedish Tanks
Weak Armour
No special Match-Making
Low DPM
Average Penetration
Average Gun Depression
Average Gun Elevation
Tank Comparison & Credit Maker Ability
I don't have any replays at the moment for this tank, so I can't give you had numbers. Decent battles played by Quickybaby, seemed to get decent credits for its tier. Compared against a Cromwell B, I can say that the Cromwell B it's still better. So if you are looking for low tier Premium Tank that is fun to play and makes decent credits, get the Cromwell B.
Should you buy it?
Reasons to Buy
You're a Tank Collector You need it to train Swedish Crew It's fun to play at its Tier You like a Medium/Light playstyle
Reasons to NOT Buy
You're a scrub lord and don't want to support WG in anyway You already have several Premium tanks that are good moneymakers You're not comfortable playing Medium Tanks There are better alternatives You got no moneyz!
Amazon is adding a pilot based on 2009's hit action-adventure-rom-com Zombieland to its slate of original programming. The film's writers, Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick, are writing the pilot; producer Gavin Polone is also returning. Filling in the roles of Woody Harrelson et al. are Kirk Ward, Tyler Ross, Maiara Walsh, and Izabela Vidovic. A statement from Amazon says that the show will follow in the same storytelling footsteps of the film, “and finds four survivors outwitting zombies and searching for a place to call home.”
The pilot will be released in unison with the rest of Amazon's projects, which include six comedies and six children's shows. In contrast to Netflix, which ordered its original shows straight to series at a price tag of many millions of dollars, Amazon is committed only to the pilot stage — and then, using customer feedback (and other special ingredients), will decide if it wants to go forward.
That means it's almost time to feast, Zombieland fans. Just remember to limber up.
Read more:
FIRST LOOK: Amazon pilots starring Jeffrey Tambor and John Goodman
12 best zom-coms
Fox orders ‘Sleepy Hollow' pilot from ‘Star Trek' team
Ben Wright, banjo picker with Henhouse Prowlers has agreed to share occasional reports from the band's African adventure, touring with American Voices program on behalf of the US Department of State. Here's his first dispatch.
So much has happened in so little time here in Congo Brazzaville. We flew in on Friday night as the sun set and vanished so quickly. Rushed through the airport by Embassy staff, we were brought to a reception at Deputy Chief of Mission Strother Murray's house for an incredible Congolese meal with several dignitaries, including the US Ambassador to Congo. Everyone was warm and understanding of our lackluster appearance. Jetlagged and still not understanding where we really were, we fell into our hotel beds.
We rose early on Saturday morning and went straight to work. A van picked us up and we headed to a rehearsal space to spend several hours rehearsing with the local band Muningu. (They're on I-tunes and amazing. Check them out.) Collaborating with such utterly different music and truly incredible musicians was exhilarating. That night we put on a show to about 200 locals and expats. The locals howled when we sang a chorus of a song in the native language of Lingala, and the ex-pats beamed at hearing American bluegrass. The night ended with the local beer (Ngok) at a wonderful restraunt with new friends.
Up again on Sunday and whisked away again, this time into the outskirts of Brazzaville to one of many orphanages in the city. 40 children living in a 40 x 40 room were singing with their music teacher when we arrived. It took your breath away, again and again. They sang for us, we sang for them…then we all sang together. The teacher told me he had never heard of a banjo when they told him we were coming, so he looked it up in a dictionary. The children sang a song they wrote for us and we played our instruments behind many of their songs.
They danced to some of our tunes. Putting it all in words does the experience so little justice.
A mid-day break brought us to the bank of the Congo river. A spanse of water so huge it puts the mighty Mississippi in perspective. On the endge in front of us were locals doing laundry and swimming, and across the river was Kinshasa, (Democratic Republic of Congo) drarfed by distance. Just as we were leaving two small boys jumped into the massive rapids and disappeared down the river just to show off.
Lunch at a Lebanese restraunt was followed by a quick stop at a local market, then we rushed to meet with a group of handicapped musicians.
FOCEB played stunningly beautiful and raw music on several hands made instruments including a guitar and bass (with homemade strings, no less). They talked of their struggles with being hadicapped in Africa, how it's even a bigger struggle here. Most of their songs were (after translation) about asking people to accept them for how they were born and not to pity them. They asked us to say hello to other people in the states who were handicapped and especially to people that do the work that they were doing, trying to bring awareness to their plight. It's hard to describe what it was like to play with them, to feel their music. They sang Mourning Dove with us and the energy in the room was fierce.
We ended the night at a music club with authentic Congolese music. The Ambassador and Deputy Director of Missions came again and we spent time getting to know them. We danced the Rumba, thankful to be in the Congo.
by
Babymetal have rarely graced our online pages before. Although we have been known to dip our toes into the muddy metal waters, it's evidently not our bread and butter. So why have the three young Japanese all-round entertainers made their way here now? Because they do just that, entertain.
Their main stage opening slot at Reading and Leeds Festival last year was an unrivalled spectacle and denying the sheer enjoyment factor would be neigh-on criminal. It was the first moment we began to eat our own words, having previously written them off before really giving them the time of day.
The second reason? ‘Katate' is a banger. An actual banger. It's metal, yes, and it contains some potentially irritating high pitched warbling, but we've been incessantly humming the tune in our heads for the last few weeks.
Anyway, here's the video for it. Join us.
(CNN) -- Millvina Dean, believed to be the last survivor of the Titanic, has died at 97, her friends confirmed Sunday.
Millvina Dean was just an infant when the RMS Titanic sank.
Dean was just an infant when the RMS Titanic -- publicized as "practically unsinkable" and the largest passenger steamship at the time -- struck an iceberg on the night of April 14, 1912, during its maiden voyage from Southampton in southern England to New York. The ship sank less than three hours later, killing more than 1,500 people.
Brian Ticehurst, a friend of Dean, said she died at 8 a.m. Sunday.
Dean was hospitalized a few days ago for medical complications before returning to the Woodlands Ridge Nursing Home in Southampton, said Charles Haas, a friend and president of the Titanic International Society based in New Jersey.
A nurse at the home declined to comment on Dean's passing.
Haas said Dean's last public appearance was at the British Titanic Society's convention in April, which she attended with her longtime companion, Bruno Nordmanis.
"She only visited a short while, but she wowed everybody with her charm," Haas told CNN. "She seemed in good spirits."
Haas noted that Dean's death fell on May 31, exactly 98 years after the Titanic was launched. The doomed ship, not yet completed, was launched on May 31, 1911, in Belfast. Watch 'Titanic' survivor discuss artifacts »
While Dean's survival brought her celebrity-like status in some circles, she was 8 years old before she knew she was on the fateful ship. Dean, along with her young brother and mother, survived the sinking of the Titanic, but her mother didn't tell her about it until years later, Haas said.
Although she didn't have memories of the historic and tragic event, Dean, who never married or had children, became a larger presence for Titanic enthusiasts and historians over the past three decades.
"Having gone through that disaster she was given extra years and an extra dose of vitality," said Haas, who recalled escorting Dean to a Titanic society gala a few years ago.
Dean became the last known Titanic survivor after Barbara Joyce Dainton died in October 2007. The last American survivor, Lillian Asplund, died in May 2006.
Dean's death leaves only artifacts and videotaped interviews with survivors to "speak to us about the Titanic," Haas said.
CNN's Justin Lear contributed to this report.
By Rob Tricchinelli
The House passed a resolution July 25 that would invalidate a recently adopted Consumer Financial Protection Bureau rule to prohibit financial firms from steering consumers into mandatory arbitration to resolve disputes.
H.J.Res. 111, sponsored by Rep. Keith Rothfus (R-Pa.), passed the chamber in a 231-190 vote. A similar resolution has been introduced in the Senate, where it can be passed under the Congressional Review Act with a mere simple majority if voted on within 60 days of the rule's official publication—July 19.
All Democrats opposed the resolution, joined by lone Republican, Rep. Walter Jones (N.C.).
The rule would prevent language in consumer agreements that bars class actions. The resolution's supporters say the arbitration rule would subject consumers to expensive legal fees.
“Americans were promised a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, but instead they obviously got a trial lawyer enrichment bureau,” House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said on the House floor.
The rule's supporters contend that forced arbitration clauses are unfair because consumers rarely seek the remedy, allowing banks and payday lenders to charge them illegal fees.
Prognosis
The Trump administration said the president would sign the resolution scotching the rule if it passes both houses. If that happens, the CFPB would be prohibited by the Congressional Review Act from adopting a rule that is “substantially the same.”
The resolution's chances in the Senate are uncertain, however, given a slim GOP majority and Democratic opposition.
A similar effort to nix a CFPB rule on prepaid cards never received a Senate vote, and Republican leaders there have a full agenda including health care, tax reform, nominations, and government spending.
‘Outrageous and Unacceptable'
Financial trade groups, including the Consumer Bankers Association and Independent Community Bankers of America, criticized the CFPB's rule and urged lawmakers to overturn it.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Americans for Prosperity, the conservative advocacy group backed by the Koch brothers, both issued a “key vote alert” in favor of the resolution.
Democratic lawmakers have backed the CFPB's rule. At a July 25 press conference, Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) called the resolution “another shameful Republican effort to take away consumer protections.”
“This is outrageous and unacceptable,” she said.
To contact the reporter on this story: Rob Tricchinelli in Washington at rtricchinelli@bna.com
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Phyllis Diamond at pdiamond@bna.com
Copyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MILWAUKEE -- Rickie Weeks was so fed up with his season-long slump that he called Brewers hitting coach Johnny Narron for some early batting practice Tuesday.
The extra work sure paid off for Weeks, who broke out with a three-run homer and five RBIs to lead Milwaukee over the Pittsburgh Pirates 12-8.
Weeks, who began the night batting .167, said he was at Miller Park by 12:30 in the afternoon for the 7:10 p.m. game.
"I wanted to kill myself with work in the cage," he said. "I was frustrated and I wanted to wear myself out and try to break out of it. I guess it worked."
Milwaukee manager Ron Roenicke was thrilled with Weeks' performance and hopes it will lead to big things.
"He had a really good day," Roenicke said. "He's had good at-bats recently, but hasn't had the results. But today, everything worked."
Weeks finished with three hits for the Brewers, who won their ninth straight against Pittsburgh. They improved to 46-7 at Miller Park vs. the Pirates since the start of 2007, the best home record by any team against a division opponent during that stretch.
Andrew McCutchen homered and had four hits for Pittsburgh, which fought back from a 7-3 deficit to grab an 8-7 lead on Starling Marte's three-run homer in the sixth inning. The hit initially was ruled a double, but umpires overturned the call after a video replay.
Jean Segura led off the bottom half with his third home run of the season.
After Tom Gorzelanny (1-0) escaped a two-on, none-out jam in the seventh, Yuniesky Betancourt lined his sixth home run of the year off Pirates reliever Bryan Morris (0-1), who was just called up from the minors.
Pittsburgh manager Clint Hurdle said his team made too many mistakes to win. The Pirates have given up 22 runs in the first two games of the series.
"They play well here. They swing the bats well here," Hurdle said. "We've got to do a better job of commanding the zone, making good pitches and making them uncomfortable. For two nights straight, we haven't done it."
Weeks hit his second homer of the season in the eighth inning to seal it. Coming into the game, he had four RBIs all year and only seven hits in his last 72 at-bats.
Carlos Gomez went 2 for 3 with a double and two stolen bases for Milwaukee. Betancourt made a stellar defensive play at third base late in the game.
"Betancourt has been unbelievable offensively and defensively," Roenicke said. "Segura has done everything and Carlos can change a game."
Brewers starter Marco Estrada went five innings, giving up five runs and seven hits.
James McDonald started for Pittsburgh, allowing seven runs and eight hits in five innings.
"He didn't get through them very clean," Hurdle said. "The five innings, we needed them, but it was a bushel of three-ball counts. The curveball wasn't in play. A very tough night. We were fortunate to be able to come back and get him some help."
The Pirates grabbed a 1-0 lead in the first on McCutchen's RBI single.
Milwaukee went up 3-1 in the second. After Weeks and Gomez walked, Martin Maldonado lined a two-run double. Estrada followed with a single that got past right fielder Garrett Jones for an error that allowed Maldonado to score.
Gaby Sanchez's two-run homer in the third tied the score. Gomez's RBI double in the bottom half gave Milwaukee a 4-3 lead.
The Brewers made it 7-3 in the fourth on Jonathan Lucroy's RBI double and Weeks' two-run single.
Russell Martin and McCutchen hit back-to-back home runs in the fifth for Pittsburgh to cut it to 7-5.
Game notes
Before the game, the Pirates recalled Morris from Triple-A Indianapolis and designated LHP Jonathan Sanchez for assignment. ... Marte's double to start the game made him 6 for 7 with two walks leading off the first inning in the last nine games. He leads the majors with a .666 batting average in the first inning. ... With a game-time temperature of 81 degrees, Miller Park's roof was open for the first time this season.
What the hell was she thinking?
That the Hillary! candidacy is doomed is now a foregone conclusion. Madame Defarge has no aptitude for the job, only a taste for it, and a venomous certainty that it is somehow rightfully hers. But when you've lost Jon Chait:
The qualities of an effective presidency do not seem to transfer onto a post-presidency. Jimmy Carter was an ineffective president who became an exemplary post-president. Bill Clinton appears to be the reverse. All sorts of unproven worst-case-scenario questions float around the web of connections between Bill's private work, Hillary Clinton's public role as secretary of State, the Clintons' quasi-public charity, and Hillary's noncompliant email system. But the best-case scenario is bad enough: The Clintons have been disorganized and greedy. The news today about the Clintons all fleshes out, in one way or another, their lack of interest in policing serious conflict-of-interest problems that arise in their overlapping roles:
There follows a list of the various Clinton disasters we have lovingly been chronicling here for weeks now. Still, it's instructive that the default mode on the Left is to attribute to "disorganization," "greed" and "sloppiness" (hello, Sandy Berger!) what is almost certainly outright and overt criminal behavior, undertaken in the belief that no one would ever be held accountable.
When you are a power couple consisting of a former president and a current secretary of State and likely presidential candidate, you have the ability to raise a lot of money for charitable purposes that can do a lot of good. But some of the potential sources of donations will be looking to get something in return for their money... And yet the Clintons paid little to no attention to this problem. Nicholas Confessore described their operation as “a sprawling concern, supervised by a rotating board of old Clinton hands, vulnerable to distraction and threatened by conflicts of interest. It ran multimillion-dollar deficits for several years, despite vast amounts of money flowing in.” Indeed, as Ryan Lizza reported in 2012, Bill Clinton seemed to see the nexus between his role and his wife's as a positive rather than a negative: Regardless of Bill Clinton's personal feelings about Obama, it didn't take him long to see the advantages of an Obama Presidency. More than anyone, he pushed Hillary to take the job of Secretary of State. “President Clinton was a big supporter of the idea,” an intimate of the Clintons told me. “He advocated very strongly for it and arguably was the tie-breaking reason she took the job.” For one thing, having his spouse in that position didn't hurt his work at the Clinton Global Initiative. He invites foreign leaders to the initiative's annual meeting, and her prominence in the Administration can be an asset in attracting foreign donors. “Bill Clinton's been able to continue to be the Bill Clinton we know, in large part because of his relationship with the White House and because his wife is the Secretary of State,” the Clinton associate continued. “It worked out very well for him. That may be a very cynical way to look at it, but that's a fact. A lot of the stuff he's doing internationally is aided by his level of access.”
Well, duh. Throughout the entire Clinton period, the media has done its best to ignore the organized-crime roots of Bill Clinton's political career, from his early apprenticeship at the feet of the legendary Prohibition-Era gangster, Owney Madden, to the criminal nature of the town of Hot Springs, Ark., where Bubba grew up, to the quid-pro-quo gangland tactics both Clintons have always employed in their dealings with the wider world beyond the Ouchita mountains. Exactly none of what the Clintons now stand revealed as having done, both politically and through their phony "charity," should come as a surprise to anybody who's been paying the slightest bit of attention for the past twenty years.
The Obama administration wanted Hillary Clinton to use official government email. She didn't. The Obama administration also demanded that the Clinton Foundation disclose all its donors while she served as Secretary of State. It didn't comply with that request, either. The Clintons' charitable initiatives were a kind of quasi-government run by themselves, which was staffed by their own loyalists and made up the rules as it went along. Their experience running the actual government, with its formal accountability and disclosure, went reasonably well. Their experience running their own privatized mini-state has been a fiasco.
And yet, the fact that it is coming as a shock to some die-hard Democrats is a tribute to the remarkable power of the Clinton-friendly media, which (as Glenn Reynolds has pointed out) sees its job not so much as deciding what to report, but what not to report, especially when it comes to its beloved Democrat party, famously described by your truly as a "criminal organization masquerading as a political party" -- which of course it is. It cannot be emphasized too strongly that this comes about in part from the fact that elite liberal journalists and politicians naturally gravitate toward each other -- they all attended the same schools and live in the same neighborhoods -- and also from the journalists' nagging sense that they really should have been Southern Poverty Law Center lawyers, rather than the oxpeckers they actually are.
What's an oxpecker, you ask?
Those are oxpeckers.
Now, even the lickspittle media can't stand them; they understand what the Clintons are about, how the "Global Initiative" is simply a vehicle for Bill to meet women and frolic aboard the "Lolita Express" and for Hillary to accumulate ever more wealth and political favors. And the moment has finally come when they can't or won't protect them anymore, not with Granny Warren waiting in the wings, every bit as vicious as Hillary, ready to snatch the "historic" mantle from her, and minus all the baggage Lady Macbeth has accumulated over the centuries she has been in the public eye. Hence the signals from the DNC house organs, the New York Times and the Washington Post: get out now, while there's still time to salvage something.
Bill Clinton was paid at least $26 million in speaking fees by companies and organizations that are also major donors to the foundation he created after leaving the White House, according to a Washington Post analysis of public records and foundation data. The amount, about one-quarter of Clinton's overall speaking income between 2001 and 2013, demonstrates how closely intertwined Bill and Hillary Clinton's charitable work has become with their growing personal wealth. The multiple avenues through which the Clintons and their causes have accepted financial support have provided a variety of ways for wealthy interests in the United States and abroad to build friendly relations with a potential future president. The flow of money also gives political opponents an opportunity to argue that Hillary Clinton would face potential conflicts of interest should she win the White House. Though she did not begin delivering paid speeches or join the foundation until 2013, upon ending her tenure as secretary of state, the proceeds from her husband's work benefited them both.
Let us call this what it is: bribery. And there's a lot more where this came. As IBD notes:
Just this week, Judicial Watch said it has received 126 pages of State Department documents that relate to possible conflicts of interest while Hillary was our nation's top diplomat. In particular, it cites "questions about funds Clinton accepted from entities linked to Saudi Arabia, China and Iran, among others." Need we mention the troubling questions Hillary Clinton refuses to answer about her private email server used to handle State Department business — and her willful destruction of evidence requested by Congress? Or her patent falsehoods about what happened at Benghazi, where four Americans, including Ambassador Christopher Stevens, were murdered? Or past ethical lapses left over from Bill Clinton's presidency — including Chinagate, Travelgate, Whitewater, Filegate and the miracle of Hillary's turning $1,000 into $100,000 in just 10 months of commodities trading? Instead of going on the stump and blaming the 1% for all the world's ills, maybe she should stop running and start answering.
Oh, she'll stop running all right; over on Twitter (@dkahanerules) I've been asking folks to get their office-pool bets down on Hillary!'s Last Day as a Candidate. But she won't start answering until, like any cornered crook, she's forced to in a court of law. If she leaves now, the MSM will do its Ivy League-Rhodes Scholar best do protect her and her husband, allowing them to keep most of their money in exchange for disappearing from the public eye. (Oddly enough, that is the exact same deal the FDR administration offered Clinton's mentor, Madden, to get him to "retire" to Hot Springs in 1935.) If not, all bets are off. Because oxpeckers don't just clean up big animals -- they take them down, too:
What a meal the Clintons will make for some ambitious leftist reporter trying to establish his or her "objective" credentials. If you listen closely, you can already hear the munching sounds.
The New World Order is coming! Are you ready? Once you understand what this New World Order really is, and how it is being gradually implemented, you will be able to see it progressing in your daily news!!
Learn how to protect yourself, your loved ones!
Stand by for insights so startling you will never look at the news the same way again.
YOU ARE NOW ON
THE CUTTING EDGE
For the past 5 months, we have been reporting that Bill and Hillary are practicing Illuminist practitioners, through our series entitled, " Clinton's Fatal Leadership ". We report many evidences of this phenomenon. We also encourage you to read the other articles in this series by clicking on the link on The Cutting Edge home page entitled, " Clinton's Scandals ". We have created an outline for this series so you can easily see the subject matter and click directly to each article. Below the outline, we have been adding each new Clinton article to this section, so we encourage you to keep checking this section regularly.
For the past year, Hillary Clinton has been wearing a new lapel pin that is distinctive, to say the least. While other Christian ministries have reported this pin, none of them has recognized it for the Illuminati symbol it truly is, largely because no one in those ministries is fully conversant in the occult. This symbol, shown in the picture of Hillary above, is NOT of an eagle in flight who is carrying a round ball of pearl, as has been reported. This "eagle" is of a far more insidious type, but before we can see exactly what type of bird it is, we need to see this lapel pin a lot more clearly.
"Hillary's Lapel Pin" "Phoenix Bird"
Please examine this pin in this close-up photo. You will notice that this bird is not an American Eagle, because its neck is far too thin and is stretched well out. In fact, you might even say it is "scrawny". This bird is the occultic Phoenix Bird , of Ancient Egyptian legend. Notice the extreme similarities between the "eagle" in the lapel pin and the picture of the Phoenix Bird, to the right.
PHOENIX BIRD SHOWN TO BE SYMBOL OF THE FALSE MESSIAH
What, do you say, is an Egyptian Phoenix Bird? The Phoenix Bird of Ancient Egypt is pure legend, but that does not keep occultists from believing in its existence. Let us allow Masonic author, Manly P. Hall, 33 Degree, tell us about the legendary Phoenix Bird.
"Among the ancients a fabulous bird called the Phoenix is described by early writers such as Clement, Herodotus, and Pliny; in size and shape it resembled the eagle, but with certain differences. The body of the Phoenix is one covered with glossy purple feathers and the plumes in its tail are alternately blue and red. The head of the bird is light in color, and about its neck is a circlet of golden plumage. At the back of its back the Phoenix has a crest of feathers of brilliant color. Only one of these birds was supposed to live at a time, with its home in the distant parts of Arabia, in a nest of frankincense and myrrh. The Phoenix, it is said, lives for 500 years, and at its death its body opens and the new born Phoenix emerges. Because of this symbolism, the Phoenix is generally regarded as representing immortality and resurrection ." [Manly P. Hall, The Secret Destiny of America , 1958, p. 176-77; Emphasis added]
I find it highly interesting that this occultic legend, the Phoenix Bird, shares several things with the true story of the birth, life, and ministry of Jesus Christ. Let us quickly review these common points:
1) The Phoenix Bird lives in a nest of frankincense . In Luke 2:11-12, we see that the three Wise Men -- Magi -- brought Jesus myrrh and frankincense. Each of these substances has a distinct meaning in the ministry of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. The " frankincense [indicates] Christ's priestly intercession" for mankind, according to the Defender's Bible Commentary. Therefore, to say that the Phoenix Bird lives in a nest containing frankincense portrays a Messiah type ministry for mankind, and one that involves spiritual "intercession".
2) The Phoenix Bird also has myrrh in his nest. " Myrrh [indicates] Christ's coming death" for all mankind, so people can be Justified before God the Father on the basis of Jesus' sacrificial death on the Cross. [Ibid.] Once again, we see that the Phoenix Bird legend carries another Messianic type ministry, a false one to be sure.
3) We see that, after his death, the Phoenix Bird arises to live anew. Thus, the Phoenix portrays a third Messianic type ministry, in that it arose again.
Therefore, this legend parallels Jesus' true life and ministry in three critically important areas, in His spiritual Intercession, His Substitutionary Death for all mankind, and in His Resurrection.
This is the reason the Masters of the Illuminati seized upon the Phoenix Bird as one of their symbols of the coming New World Order of Antichrist. Do not ever forget that this goal is paramount for the New World Order. They plan on staging the False Christ, whom we will know is Antichrist. Thus, the symbol of the Phoenix Bird perfectly fulfills their plan and can perfectly serve as the symbol of that Man of Perdition.
PHOENIX BIRD DEPICTS OCCULTIC TEACHING OF BEING BORN AGAIN
But, now let us return to the occultic story of the Phoenix Bird.
"All symbols have their origin in something tangible, and the Phoenix is one sign of the secret orders of the ancient world, and of the initiate of those orders, for it was common to refer to one who had been accepted into the temples as a man twice-born, or re-born. Wisdom confers a new life, and those who become wise are born again ." [Hall, Ibid.; Emphasis added]
Isn't this amazing? The Phoenix Bird legend now has a fourth Messianic type connotation; it represents a man being " born again ". Always remember that most pagan groups, especially the most sophisticated ones, have deliberately created the myth that their members are "born again". Even Roman Catholicism teaches that its members become born again, usually at Baptism.
PHOENIX BIRD SHOWN TO BE LUCIFER
Let us now hear more about the occult belief in the Phoenix Bird, from a former witch.
"The Phoenix ... is believed to be a divine bird going back to Egypt ... This Phoenix destroys itself in flames and then rises from the ashes. Most occultists believe that the Phoenix is a symbol of Lucifer who was cast down in flames and who they think will one day rise triumphant. This, of course, also relates to the rising of Hiram Abiff, the Masonic 'christ'." [Dr. C. Burns, Masonic and Occult Symbols Illustrated , p. 123]
Lest you think this tie-in of the Phoenix Bird to Lucifer is one occultist's imagination, listen to Barbara Walker, a radical feminist. She says that the Egyptians and Phoenicians believed that the Phoenix Bird was the representation of a god who "rose to heaven in the form of a morning star, like Lucifer, after his fire-immolation of death and rebirth ..." [Walker, Now Is The Dawning ", p. 281]
Another Masonic author, revealed that the Sun God, who created all other gods, was symbolized by the Phoenix. [Joseph Fort Newton, The Builders: A Story and Study of Masonry, The Torch Press, 1914, p. 13-14; also J.S.M. Ward, The Hung Society or the Society of Heaven and Earth , The Baskerville, Press, Ltd., 1925, p. 44 and 102]
PHOENIX BIRD WAS ORIGINALLY AMERICA'S SYMBOL ON OUR GREAT SEAL
Former Illuminist Witch, Doc Marquis, reveals a most interesting, and little known, fact about our American Eagle depicted on our Great Seal. He states that, originally, the American Eagle was not an Eagle, but the Phoenix Bird! Our Forefathers, who were either Masons or Rosicrucians, envisioned that the Phoenix Bird was to be our national symbol, not the America Eagle! [Secrets of the Illuminati, p. 11; see also the Satanic book of symbols, Magic Symbols , p. 140-3]
PHOENIX BIRD ONE OF MAJOR SYMBOLS OF THE ILLUMINATI
The Phoenix Bird is one of the foremost symbols of the Illuminati, according to Doc Marquis. Therefore, since Hillary Clinton is wearing this symbol, we can know conclusively that she is an Illuminist. Further, since this Illuminist lapel pin was worn by two people very close to President Bill Clinton, we can know for certain that he is an Illuminist, too. [This lapel pin was seen being worn by: Donna Shalala, Secretary of Health and Human Services and Bettie Currie, Clinton's Personal Secretary, see U.S. News & World Report, 2/9/98].
Finally, this lapel pin was seen being worn by Conservative Republican Jeanne Kirkpatrick! This fact demonstrates conclusively that both Democrats and Republicans, Liberals and Conservatives, are equally committed to the New World Order! Now you are deceived no longer and you know the truth of what is really going on in Washington, D.C. President Clinton will not get removed from office because that is most definitely not the plan, as the Republican leadership is just as committed to the New World Order as is Clinton. You can read full details in NEWS1248, "Impeachment Process Is A Tool To Topple Our Government".
Now, let us examine the occult symbolism behind this Illuminist lapel pin, shown above. Doc Marquis confirmed with me during a phone call on January 27, 1999, that the Phoenix Bird is a symbol of the Masters of the Illuminati. With that in mind, listen to Doc's occult explanation of this lapel pin.
1) The very fact that this lapel pin features a Phoenix Bird shows that the pin is Illuminist in meaning, and that the wearers are Illuminists, as well. Only Illuminists would wear a Phoenix Bird lapel pin. And, when they wear it, they are deliberately sending a message to all fellow occultists in the world.
2) Since the Phoenix Bird is carrying a ball, we know that the ball represents our world. Notice that pagans have used this symbol before, with the Phoenix Bird having two worlds beneath its wings [taken from Dr. C. Burns, Masonic and Occult Symbols Illustrated, p. 122]. This lapel pin has the Phoenix Bird carrying the entire world in its clinched talons, signifying that it has captured the world.
3) Since the Phoenix Bird is looking to his left, we know that he is carrying the world to a new location despite the fact that the peoples of the world are opposed to where they are being taken. In occult symbolism, when a bird is pictured looking to his right, it means that he is supportive of something and when he looks to his left, he is looking in opposition. Since the New World Order will mean death and destruction to two-thirds of the world's population, we know that people are going to oppose its goals, especially those of us who know exactly what their Plan is. No matter. Even against all this opposition, the Phoenix Bird [Illuminati] is carrying the world captive and is taking it to the new location, the New World Order of Antichrist.
4) The wings spread in active flight demonstrate that this new location is going to be arrived at quickly, without much further delay. Thus, Hillary and Bill and all these women wearing this pin are communicating to fellow occultists that the coming New World Order is very close to being achieved.
This lapel pin confirms our contention that Bill and Hillary are practicing Illuminist occultists . We have proved it in our previous articles on this subject, but this lapel pin absolutely, completely proves it. However, we have recently been sent a picture which also demonstrate that this is the truth. Dr. Cathy Burns sent us this photo, which had been taken from Texe Marrs' ministry.
HILLARY CLINTON RECEIVING BLESSING FROM A SHAMAN
This picture is truly worth 1,000 words. Here, we see Hillary being "blessed" by a Native American shaman, giving her a traditional American blessing. Native American spirituality is quite the rage these days, as you can see for yourself by going into a New Age bookstore, where you will find so many books touting their old religion. The reason New Agers and witches of all stripes are really "into" Native American spirituality is that the Native Indians practiced an Earth Mother worship very close to our current New Age. In fact, Native Americans are held up continuously as supreme examples of an entire nation "living close to Nature", in "perfect harmony and balance". Hillary would have had no trouble allowing a Native American shaman bless her and pray over her.
The facts seem to be all in. Bill and Hillary Clinton are just what Doc Marquis said they were, telling me back in 1992 that they both were practicing Illuminist occultists, with Hillary outranking Bill in the occult world. Again, if you have not read our articles on the Clinton Scandals , we urge you to do so. After reading these articles, you will understand that our leaders are truly what the Bible says they will be at the End of the Age -- powerful, Black Magick practitioners, just as Antichrist will be when he arises. Listen:
"... a king of fierce countenance , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up. And his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power: and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper, and practice, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people. And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand;" [Daniel 8:23-25]
The words we have highlighted in red print tell the story; Antichrist will be a Black Magick practitioner. He will cause Witchcraft, also known as the craft , to prosper in the world. Witchcraft, of the most Black Magick variety possible, will be performed regularly at that church on Main and Elm, Anywhere, USA.
Further, Daniel 2 and 7 and Revelation 17 reveal that the 10 leaders who conspire to accumulate all the power of the world to themselves for the express purpose of handing it over to Antichrist, will be of the same spiritual nature as he. This means each of the 10 leaders will be Black Magick practitioners. Since NAFTA is Nation #1 in the 10-Nation New World Order Reorganization Plan, and Bill Clinton is its undisputed leader, he must be expected to be a Black Magick practitioner. We believe we have now proven that point.
Where do all the worlds of Disney come together under one roof, taking you behind the scenes with The Walt Disney Studios, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, and Walt Disney Parks and Resorts?
The answer, of course, is D23 EXPO 2015—taking place August 14–16—and today D23 is happy to announce the lineup of the Expo's most highly anticipated presentations. The Disney Legends Awards Ceremony, hosted by Disney Chairman and CEO Bob Iger, will kick off the Expo on Friday, August 14. Later that same day, The Walt Disney Studios will give fans a sneak peek at all the latest from Disney Animation and Pixar. On Saturday morning, The Walt Disney Studios will preview the coming slate of live-action films from Disney, Marvel, and Lucasfilm. Then, on Saturday afternoon, fans will get a preview of what's in store at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts during a presentation hosted by Parks Chairman Bob Chapek.
To showcase these Expo favorites, Disney is creating “Hall D23,” a new 7,500-seat venue located in Hall D of the Anaheim Convention Center, so that more guests than ever can see the presentations live and in person.
The Schedule of Hall D23 Events and Presentations includes the following (times and additional announcements forthcoming; all events subject to change):
The Disney Legends Awards Ceremony will take place Friday, August 14. The ceremony, hosted by Disney Chairman and CEO Bob Iger, will once again honor those who have made significant contributions to the Disney legacy. The creativity and innovation of these visionaries and artists have earned them a place among such names as Dame Julie Andrews, Howard Ashman, Annette Funicello, Sir Elton John, Angela Lansbury, Steve Martin, Alan Menken, Hayley Mills, Fess Parker, Dick Van Dyke, Barbara Walters, and Robin Williams. At D23 EXPO 2013, Tony Baxter, Collin Campbell, Dick Clark, Billy Crystal, John Goodman, Steve Jobs, Glen Keane, and Ed Wynn were inducted.
In two separate Hall D23 sessions, The Walt Disney Studios will unveil an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at its upcoming film slate. At Friday's session, fans will go in-depth with the talented filmmakers at Walt Disney Animation Studios and Pixar Animation Studios to get a sneak peek at films such as Zootopia and Finding Dory. On Saturday, live-action titles such as Alice Through the Looking Glass and The Jungle Book and films from Marvel and Lucasfilm, along with some very special guests, take center stage.
On the afternoon of Saturday, August 15, join Bob Chapek, chairman, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, for a behind-the-scenes peek at the magical experiences and entertainment coming to Disney parks and resorts around the world.
Tickets for D23 EXPO 2015 are available at a discounted price for a limited time. Until June 30, 2015, tickets are $67 for a one-day adult admission and $48 for children 3–12. Tickets for D23 Members are $58 for a one-day adult admission and $42 for children. Multi-day money-saving tickets are also available. D23 Members can save as much as $188 off the price of admission, based on the purchase of four three-day tickets at the D23 Member rate. For more information on tickets and the ticket pricing structure for D23 Members and general admission, visit D23EXPO.com.
FRASER, Mich. - A natural gas line was struck by workers Tuesday morning at a sinkhole in Fraser, forcing DPW workers to leave the site on 15 Mile Road just east of Hayes Road.
Consumers Energy said there was a leak from a 2-inch pipe. It has since been repaired. The gas main was shut down as they made repairs.
The sinkhole began forming over the weekend, seriously damaging at least one home, putting two others at risk and forcing the evacuation of 19 more in the neighborhood. Public officials also are concerned about sewage backups in the area.
DETAILS: What we know about the Fraser sinkhole
Officials said the sinking began after a large intercept sewer line likely collapsed. Fraser declared a state of emergency and closed 15 Mile Road between Hayes and Utica to investigate the sinkhole.
Update: Sewage no longer pumping into Clinton River. Pumps will stay off barring rain. It's foul here though #local4 pic.twitter.com/MaqQICWPn4 — Nick Monacelli (@nickmonacelli) December 27, 2016
City officials say it's an 11-foot diameter sewer line buried 45 feet below the surface. It serves thousands of people in Macomb County. (A city letter declaring a state of emergency says 55 feet deep, but officials said during a public meeting it's 45 feet deep.)
Officials said homes will be evacuated for at least 2-3 weeks. Power and water has been cut off to the homes. Authorities are developing plans to allow people to remove items, but homeowners cannot access their properties now. An official said during a public meeting on Monday that they expect to stabilize the ground and restore public utilities within 2 weeks.
UPDATE: Sewage no longer being pumped into Clinton River
Aerial views of the 15 Mile Road sinkhole from Dec. 24, 2016
Search for a specific story
Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
When it comes to Tiny Desk Concerts, we're suckers for milestones at NPR Music: We're gearing up to acknowledge No. 300, for example, and are constantly taking note of the first time a musician trots out a particular rare instrument or does something else no one has done in front of us before. The Austin chamber-rock band Mother Falcon recently scored a big distinction, at least as far as we're concerned — one it shares with its fellow Texans in The Polyphonic Spree — as the largest ensemble ever to squeeze behind Bob Boilen's desk.
Unlike The Polyphonic Spree, though, everyone in Mother Falcon plays an instrument during this performance: There's no chorus of backup singers among the 17 men and women who play guitars and horns and keyboards and woodwinds and strings here. Which made Tetris-ing each member behind Bob's desk a bit of a challenge, but Mother Falcon knows its way around cramped spaces: At one point during SXSW this year, Bob and I saw the group give a concert as it spilled from a small stage all the way onto the street outside. (Crowds gathered around both spaces, in some cases not realizing that they were only seeing half a band.)
What makes Mother Falcon so alluring, though, isn't its size, but rather the way it uses all its members in the service of great, snappy, stirring, frequently uplifting songs. Its many moving parts aren't creating mere volume, but also texture: These three songs, all from this year's You Knew, find a place for dreamy whispers and literal screams alike. Give this sweet, winning band 12 minutes — heck, give it the first two and a half, which is all it takes to perform the soaring and scrappy "Marigold" — and you ought to have yourself a favorite worth following for years to come.
Set List
"Marigold"
"Marfa"
"Dirty Summer"
Credits
Producers: Bob Boilen, Denise DeBelius, Stephen Thompson; Editor: Parker Miles Blohm; Audio Engineer: Kevin Wait; Videographers: Parker Miles Blohm, Chloe Coleman, Becky Lettenberger, Maggie Starbard; photo by Hayley Bartels/NPR
According to Billboard.com, AVENGED SEVENFOLD has been sued for breach of contract by its record label of the past decade, Warner Bros. Records. The suit seeks compensatory damages because the band is refusing to fulfill its agreement with the company.
AVENGED SEVENFOLD released four studio albums for Warner, but is trying to get out of the contract with the label. At the end of 2015, the group notified the company that they would not render services to Warner, citing Section 2855 of the California Labor Code, which limits the duration of personal-services agreements to seven years — the so-called seven-year statute.
"AVENGED SEVENFOLD recently exercised the rights given them by this law and ended its recording agreement with Warner Bros. Records," the band's attorney Howard E. King said in a statement. In the eleven years since the contract was signed, King said the label "underwent multiple regime changes that led to dramatic turnover at every level of the company, to the point where no one on the current A&R staff has even a nodding relationship with the band."
He added: "The band looks forward to building a relationship with a new label. [AVENGED SEVENFOLD] has every expectation that it will forge the success and personal relationships with them that it once had with Warner Bros."
In its lawsuit, Warner dismissed the applicability of the "seven-year rule," explaining that AVENGED SEVENFOLD is obligated to turn in an additional CD/DVD live album.
AVENGED SEVENFOLD was originally signed to Warner for five studio albums, and the label apparently tried unsuccessfully to renegotiate the deal in fall 2015 to include a sixth album.
Under the seven-year rule, labels have 45 days to file legal action against the artist attempting to leave. AVENGED SEVENFOLD's letter announcing its departure was dated November 25, but the label claims it received the letter on November 30. The company filed suit against the band on January 8 — 39 days later.
Warner Bros. claims it has invested significant funds in the band's future releases based on the belief that the contract would be upheld, and the sudden decision to opt out of the deal is a breach of good faith and fair dealing.
AVENGED SEVENFOLD is scheduled to begin recording its new album next month. Its previous two releases, 2013's "Hail To The King" and 2010's "Nightmare", both topped the Billboard album chart. Each of their last five records has sold over 500,000 copies, with 2005's "City Of Evil" moving over a million.
AVENGED SEVENFOLD is not the first hard rock or heavy metal act to seek an early end to its record contract on the grounds that the agreement had run for longer than the seven years allowed under California Labor Code Section 2855. Back in 1994, METALLICA sought to be emancipated from its recording contract with Elektra on similar grounds. Like AVENGED SEVENFOLD, METALLICA never renegotiated its original "baby band" deal signed with Elektra in 1984.
Section 2855(a) provides in relevant part that "a contract to render personal service ... may not be enforced against the employee beyond seven years from the commencement of service under it."
METALLICA settled its lawsuit against Elektra in 1995.
Robert Kirkman's next apocalyptic TV series has found a home — and it's a long way from AMC.
The Walking Dead creator's Five Year, about a family living under the threat of a deadly meteor headed toward Earth, will be filmed as a Korean drama. The series from Kirkman's Skybound Entertainment will debut on Korean broadcast television (with a 16-episode first season) and then will stream worldwide on global fan site Viki.
Described as a “pre-apocalytpic” story, the show's concept is based on an original story by Kirkman that was also the inspiration for The Walking Dead prequel, Fear the Walking Dead. The name reflects the length of the show's story and its anticipated production schedule, as it takes place over five years that will be shot over five seasons.
“This has been a story I have wanted to tell for quite some time, but [Skybound co-founder David Alpert] and I wanted to make sure it found a proper home where it could grow and breathe creatively,” Kirkman said. “Looking at what Viki has done in not only the dramatic series space, but transforming the way viewers consume and translate media, we knew immediately Five Year had found its home.”
Added Tammy H. Nam, CEO of Viki: “In many ways, Viki and Skybound represent the future of global entertainment, particularly with Hollywood-Asia collaborations and VOD platforms like Viki leading distribution and fan-building. We're thrilled to be working with the creators and executive producers of one of the most popular TV series of all time. The fact that David and Robert wanted to make Five Year as a K-drama is a testament to the massive global popularity and quality of Asian programming.”
Five Year will begin filming later this year.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The female fighters in NetherRealm's upcoming Mortal Kombat X will be more realistically proportioned than they appeared in 2011's Mortal Kombat reboot. The developer talked about its approach to female characters during a Mortal Kombat X Twitch stream today.
Mileena in 2011's Mortal Kombat
"The mantra for this game has always been realism; heading towards a more realistic look," NetherRealm's production manager Spiro Anagnostakos said. "So the same thing applies to the proportions where we try to bring things back in per se to where they should be."
Another NetherRealm developer said women will look "more like women do" in the game.
"Exactly," Anagnostakos replied.
As evidence of this, Anagnostakos revealed a new character model for the fighter Kitana. As you can see above, she doesn't come across as having overly exaggerated features. By comparison, see the image at left of Mileena from 2011's Mortal Kombat.
Also during the live-stream today, NetherRealm revealed the alternative design for Scorpion (see below), and confirmed that Jade will not appear in the game. We'll have gameplay videos from today's presentation for you later today.
The Mortal Kombat X release date is April 14. The game is coming to PC, Xbox 360, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation 4. Just recently, we learned about the game's four collector's editions.
Republican National Committee (RNC) Chairman Reince Priebus on Sunday called an Obama campaign event in Boston a “political stunt,” but said the same wasn't true of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney's surprise press conference in front of Solyndra, a bankrupt solar energy company.
During an interview on CBS, host Bob Schieffer began by asking Priebus if he expected Republican Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to win Tuesday's recall election.
“I think it's going pretty well,” the RNC chairman insisted. “You know, the difference between Scott Walker and the president is pretty stark. … Scott Walker is one of these special people that have made promises and kept promises. You contrast that to [Obama adviser] David Axelrod's boss, he's a president who's in love with the sound of his own voice but hasn't been able to follow through on too many promises.”
Schieffer went on press Priebus about the differences between an Obama campaign rally in Boston — which Republicans admit they tried to undermine — and the GOP hopeful's visit to Solyndra, where the Romney campaign said there might be a White House conspiracy to block the event.
“You say, a president that's in love with his own voice,” Schieffer noted. “That leads me to what you all were doing last week, that is organizing a rally to try to drown out David Axelrod when he goes up to Boston at the same that out on the west coast Gov. Romney was loading up reporters and taking them on a secret mission to the Solyndra plant because he said he couldn't reveal where they were going, but he was fearful that Democrats would try to break that up.”
“Isn't that kind of silly and petty when you look at it?” the CBS host wondered.
“I think Solyndra is a serious thing,” Priebus argued. “I think highlighting Solyndra, highlighting this president's foray into venture capitalism, using taxpayer money to send to Solyndra, of which the Solyndra executives were donors to Barack Obama. I mean, this is political cronyism in its worse form.”
“Now as far as David Axelrod and going to Boston, I mean, that's the height of a political stunt,” he continued. “I mean, what's the purpose of the Chicago clan going to Boston to hold some sort of political stunt? And for these tough guys from Chicago to cry about it, I just find it laughable.”
“They've failed so badly that they want us to believe that we're not living on Earth and that the president isn't the president and all of these things that are going wrong have nothing to do with Barack Obama.”
Watch this video from CBS's Face the Nation, broadcast June 3, 2012.
For use of the media only;
not an official document.
PRESS RELEASE
CITES: African elephant poaching down, ivory seizures up and hit record high
Overall elephant poaching in Africa gradually declines for 5 th year in a row, and drops in eastern Africa to pre-2008 levels
year in a row, and drops in eastern Africa to pre-2008 levels Africa's elephant populations continue to fall due to continued illegal killing, land transformation and rapid human expansion
Elephant populations in southern Africa stable or increasing
Global illegal ivory trade transactions remain as high as in previous 6 years, with record-numbers of large-scale ivory seizures reported in 2016
Ivory processing in Africa for smuggling of finished products to Asia on the rise
Domestic legal markets being closed and ivory price dropping
Geneva, 24 October 2017 – The latest CITES report on the status of elephants and ivory trade reveals that in 2016, the overall downward trend of elephant poaching in Africa continues, with significant declines seen in East Africa. At the same time, 2016 records the highest level of seizures of illegally traded ivory by weight since commercial international trade was banned by CITES in 1989.
The announcement is based on new reports of the CITES MIKE Programme (Monitoring the Illegal Killing of Elephants) and the Elephant Trade Information System (ETIS), and updates on the conservation status of elephants provide by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). They will be discussed by the CITES Standing Committee at its forthcoming 69th meeting in November 2017.
The two CITES programmes base their findings on unique first-hand information on the illegal killing of elephants collected by ranger patrols in over 60 MIKE sites across Africa, and government-reported ivory seizures. To complement their analyses, IUCN provided the latest information on the conservation status of African and Asian elephants.
John E. Scanlon, CITES Secretary-General, said: “Eastern Africa has been badly affected by the surge in poaching over the last ten years, and has experienced an almost 50% reduction in elephant population. There has however been a steady decline in poaching levels since its peak in 2011, and the analysis from 2016 concludes that overall poaching trends have now dropped to pre-2008 levels. This shows us what is possible through sustained and collective front-line enforcement and demand reduction efforts, coupled with strong political support.”
The MIKE analysis shows which MIKE sites are heavily hit by elephant poaching, but also where illegal killing is reducing. The number of elephant carcass records from three MIKE sites in Tanzania, for example, dropped by 55% in 2016 compared to 2015, and a similar decline was recorded from a site in Kenya. While Tanzania remains the sub-region's stronghold for elephant populations in the sub-region, elephant numbers recorded in Uganda, Kenya and Rwanda are also stable or on the rise.
In southern Africa, Botswana still maintains by far the largest elephant population of any country in Africa. Elephant numbers in Namibia and South Africa have also increased according to the latest conservation status data on African elephants, based on a new full African Elephant Status Report (2016), the first of its kind since 2007.
The news is not so positive for Central Africa: where dramatic losses of elephant populations have been reported over the last 10 years, and levels of illegal killing remain very high.
It is estimated by IUCN that the population of African elephants declined by 111,000 over the past ten years. The overall trends in the poaching of African elephants show that the sharp increase in the levels of illegal killing of elephants witnessed since 2006, and peaking in 2011, was first halted, then stabilized, and is now in decline, but at levels that remain too high when viewed continent-wide, with overall elephant population likely to have declined in 2016.
In contrast with the gradual downward trend of elephant poaching observed since 2011 by MIKE, the ETIS analysis shows that 2016, when nearly 40tonnes of ivory were seized, is the year in which the greatest number of illegal ivory seizures was reported. The overall weight of seized ivory in illegal trade is now nearly three times greater than what was observed in 2007.
“The upward trend in the amount of illegal ivory seized as compared to the gradual downward trend observed for elephant poaching since 2011 may reflect a scaled up enforcement effort by customs and police and a more vigilant transport sector. There could also be time lags between poaching elephants and trafficking their ivory, or the entry into the illegal trade of ivory stockpiles,” said Scanlon.
“But the spike in seizures of illegally traded ivory in 2016 may also be an indication that ivory trafficking has been influenced by the prospect of greater controls, the imminent domestic ban in several countries and anticipation of continued drop of price. As a result, international syndicates behind this poaching and smuggling may be involved in a panic sell-off as they realize that speculating on extinction was a bad bet, with the ever increasing risk of getting caught”, he added.
The United States announced its near total ban on domestic trade in ivory just before CoP17. Since CITES CoP17, China (including Hong Kong SAR) has announced the closure of domestic ivory markets within a specific time frame, and the United Kingdom has expressed its intention to do so. Recent reports from non-governmental organizations also claim that the price of ivory has plummeted over 50% in the past few years 1 .
As observed by the first World Wildlife Crime Report published by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), a close partner of CITES in combating wildlife trafficking (see ICCWC), there is evidence that raw ivory tusks that have entered into the destination markets in Asia already exceeded the level of consumption. The incongruity between the amount of ivory being generated and the demand has long been observed.
These somewhat conflicting phenomena are occurring at a dynamic time with governments making unprecedented efforts to implement National Ivory Action Plans (NIAPs) under CITES in 20 countries; more political commitments and collective international efforts generated in the past few years, including by the transport sector; additional funding for combatting illicit wildlife trade crime, and greater than ever enforcement efforts on the front line, including tightened anti-poaching efforts and the use of new technologies to detect and interdict illegally traded ivory.
In the meantime, responsive adaptations and developments by wildlife traffickers in the illegal trade seem to be occurring. For example, although 2016 sets the record in the number of large scale seizures and overall weight, it is also the year with the lowest average weight per seizure recorded in the past six years. Explanations could include a reduction of the size of large shipments in an attempt to avoid economic losses when seized, a greater diversification in the types of ivory illegally traded, and the modes of transport applied, and local market developments.
Further, there is a growing concern and increasing evidence of ivory processing in Africa by Asian nationals for export to Asia. This involves smaller volumes of worked ivory carried through air check-in and carry-on luggage or couriers. It could potentially pose a serious threat, and adequate enforcement efforts to stem this illegal flow are to be deployed.
Also, an increasing number of elephants are being illegally killed through human elephant conflicts, which will become of increasing concern over coming years.
“The global collective effort that is underway is starting to reap positive results, but we are certainly not there yet. We must persist and drive home the advantage we have while the political momentum is with us and the financial and technical support that goes with it. And while the African elephant is seeing some gains it is not across all regions, with some local populations still under serious threat, and other species are now being increasingly targeted by transnational criminals, especially high value timber,” concluded Scanlon.
See also:
Note to editors:
For more information and to arrange interviews, please contact Liu Yuan at +41 22 917 8130 or [email protected]
About CITES
With 183 Parties, Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) remains one of the world's most powerful tools for wildlife conservation through the regulation of trade. Thousands of species are internationally traded and used by people in their daily lives for food, health care, housing, tourist souvenirs, cosmetics or fashion.
CITES regulates international trade in over 36,000 species of plants and animals, including their products and derivatives, to ensure their survival in the wild with benefits for the livelihoods of local people and the global environment. The CITES permit system seeks to ensure that international trade in listed species is sustainable, legal and traceable.
CITES was signed in Washington D.C. on 3 March 1973 and entered into force on 1 July 1975.
Learn more about CITES by visiting www.cites.orgor connecting to:
Philadelphia Eagles offensive tackle Lane Johnson likens the experience of going up against defensive end Brandon Graham to "getting hit by a damn car."
"Somebody that strong and that quick, you better get ready, you better get your hands on him or you're going to get embarrassed," Johnson said.
"Little f---ing bowling ball rolling off that f---ing edge," added guard Brandon Brooks, who couldn't resist the urge to chime in from the next locker stall over.
Given his 6-foot-2, 265-pound compact frame, Graham might not be your first guess when trying to figure out which of the 53 players in the Eagles' locker room is the strongest. But the numbers don't lie: With an ability to bench press over 500 pounds, squat over 600 pounds and power clean over 400 pounds, it is not uncommon to see Graham listed as the winner of the team's regular weight-room competitions.
Brandon Graham can squat in excess of 600 pounds, well over double his body weight of 265 pounds. Photo courtesy of Barwis Methods
Part of his secret lies in his home state of Michigan, where his longtime trainer, Mike Barwis, incorporates some sci-fi technology into his grueling workout regimen. For example:
During warm-ups Graham dons a device called a Halo, which looks like a set of high-end headphones but actually is equipped with soft spikes under the headband that send an electric current through the skull and into the brain. By stimulating the motor cortex, the product aims to "unlock accelerated, brain-driven improvements in strength, skill, endurance and explosiveness."
When that is finished, they put a blood-flow modification device on Graham, a practice known as Kaatsu that, among other things, is said to cause an increased release in testosterone.
When the workout is finished, Graham is fitted with something called an ECP (External Counterpulsation), a medical device that's used for cardiac patients. They lay him down, put the ECP on his legs and hook him up to an EKG machine to monitor his heart. When his heart is in the relaxation phase, the device will compress, which apparently "enhances oxygenated blood flow through the coronary arteries to the heart muscle" and, according to Barwis, promotes quicker healing.
Barwis said all of this is typically done five days a week during the offseason. Graham's training sessions go upward of two-and-a-half hours a pop and, beyond weight lifting, feature bioenergetic conditioning, agility and speed training as well as boxing. All of his meals are mapped out by a nutritionist and given to him on site along with time-release supplements designed to kick in "at the most opportune time," as Barwis put it.
Graham first started working with Barwis while attending the University of Michigan and credits his longtime trainer for tapping into his potential. Barwis said when Graham first came to him, he was 315 pounds and in need of some sculpting.
"He was a young kid, he had eaten a lot and he had put himself in a situation where he was heavy. He wasn't as strong, wasn't as flexible, but he had the genetics. He just had never done the work. He's from inner-city Detroit. It's not like he had a phenomenal scientific strength program at that point and he didn't have the guidance and direction," Barwis said. "I talked to him his first day here and I said, 'Son, this is going to change.' And he said, 'Understood.' I hammered him pretty good. I'm not going to lie, he probably wanted to shoot me his first year."
But the results were evident. Graham went from 315 to 278 pounds that year, Barwis said, while his bench press jumped from around 315 to 450 pounds.
"He brings a work ethic and an energy to a room that other people just don't possess, and he matches that with genetic ability that is just not seen," said Barwis, who is equally impressed with Graham's ability to outduel NFL wide receivers in the 10-yard burst as he is with his weightlifting feats.
Eagles offensive lineman Lane Johnson, who faces Brandon Graham in practice, said that getting smacked by the defensive lineman is like "getting hit by a damn car." Tannen Maury/EPA
That combination of strength and explosiveness helped him record 29.5 career sacks at Michigan en route to being selected 13th overall by the Eagles in the 2010 NFL draft. Injuries factored into a slow start at the pro level, but he started coming into his own last year. While he totaled just 5.5 sacks, he had 83 total quarterback pressures in 2016 per Pro Football Focus, good for third in the NFL.
Off the field, Eagles coach Doug Pederson set up various competitions during the offseason, some of which was based on weight-room performance. Graham, who is able to rep 500 pounds four times on the bench press, is typically the leader in that department, even if his teammates are reluctant to give him the title.
"He's got those alligator arms, though," joked defensive tackle Fletcher Cox. "When you've got alligator arms like BG, man, you ain't gotta go far. Person like me, long arms, it's hard to get that much weight and guide it back up. BG, he can really go a couple inches off his chest before his arms are stretched out."
His counterparts, though, know the power is legit.
"He is a guy that can do it in the weight room and on the field. Go back and watch the film from last year, what he does to people," Johnson said. "People look at stats and sacks, but I think he had some of the most disruptions among the league as far as pressures. He's made me a better football player, going against him every day.
"Like I tell other guys [about to face him], 'Hey, you'll get a good baptism.'"
There had to be a sense of déjà vu for the St. Louis Blues. They had a second straight strong season ended in the Stanley Cup Playoffs by the Los Angeles Kings.
How can the Blues get over the hump?
"I think one thing we feel as an organization is we are in that window of opportunity to have success both regular season and playoffs," general manager Doug Armstrong told NHL.com. "We don't want to let these seasons slip through our fingers without some long playoff runs."
Here are six questions the Blues will need to answer to make that possible:
1. Could the Blues actually have three No. 1 goalies? -- Jaroslav Halak and Brian Elliott shared the Jennings Trophy two seasons ago and Elliott has been an All-Star. Then there's Jake Allen, who led rookie goalies last season in wins and goals-against average.
"I don't know where we would have been last year without Jake, and I don't know where we would have been without Elliott's strong finish," Armstrong said. "Jaro had a year he'd like to forget … but he's a guy that's taken a team deep into the playoffs.
"I certainly do like the depth we have in that position."
Coach Ken Hitchcock has done a masterful job finding time for Halak and Elliott the past two seasons, but will he be able to add Allen to the equation? And if the 22-year-old has to spend the season in the minors, will he have the right attitude?
Halak and Elliott each is in the final year of his contract, meaning one could be moved to solve the logjam, but in the interim, this could be a situation worth watching.
2. Who replaces David Perron? -- Perron showed he was fully recovered from concussion issues that plagued him the two previous seasons. He had 10 goals and 25 points in 48 games, numbers when prorated over 82 games come out to 17 goals and 42 points, not far removed from the 20 goals and 47 points he scored in 2009-10, his prior injury-free season.
When healthy, Perron was a staple on the Blues' top-two lines, last season playing with Patrik Berglund and T.J. Oshie. So with Perron traded to the Edmonton Oilers last month, who slides into that spot?
The Blues have plenty of options. Armstrong said Magnus Paajarvi, acquired from Edmonton in the trade, likely will get the first crack at starting there, but nothing is set in stone.
Vladimir Tarasenko had a promising start as a rookie last season but ended as a healthy scratch for all but one game in the playoffs. However, his talent was obvious, and though a natural right wing, with enough time in training camp could make the switch. Rookies Dmitrij Jaskin and Ty Rattie also have the talent to earn top-six jobs in their first pro seasons.
3. Can this core group make the next step? -- The Blues surged to the top of the Central Division in 2011-12, won a round in the Stanley Cup Playoffs for the first time since 2002, then lost in the Western Conference Semifinals to the eventual Cup-champion Kings. This spring the Blues were the fourth seed in the West, drew the Kings in the first round and lost in six games.
Almost the same core group from those two disappointing springs will return this season, and they'll have to again try to put what happened behind them as quickly as possible.
"I think last year there was a feeling that we were a team that could be competitive deep into the playoffs," Armstrong said. "We ran into the defending Stanley Cup champs and we were out early. But I think our goals and our mindset is still the same: We should be competitive with all the teams with an opportunity to be a strong playoff team."
4. Where will the offense come from? -- Under Hitchcock, the Blues have adopted a shut-down defensive mindset, and with Alex Pietrangelo, Kevin Shattenkirk, Jay Bouwmeester, Barret Jackman and Jordan Leopold, they might have the best defense corps in the League.
Then there's the other end of the ice. The Blues were 17th in the League at 2.58 goals per game last season, then scored 10 goals in six playoff game against the Kings.
The Blues had two players score at least 15 goals last season, and one other reached double-figures. The previous season, David Backes led the team with 24 goals, which tied for 60th in the League.
The hope is free-agent center Derek Roy can help change that.
"We have bigger players, we have scoring centermen, we were looking for a playmaking centerman," Armstrong said. "I think Derek adds diversity to our group of forwards. When you look at the centermen we've had in the past, maybe size down the middle was one of our strengths … now we have [David] Backes and [Patrik] Berglund, they're big men; we have a different component in Derek. We're hoping he's going to create offense for players like Chris Stewart on the wing."
5. How much will training camp help? -- This will be Hitchcock's third season with the Blues, but September will mark his first training camp as the team's coach. He replaced Davis Payne 13 games into the 2011-12 season, then had an abbreviated camp prior to the start of last season.
"It's going to be beneficial," Armstrong said. "We can … reconnect to the foundation that he's built."
Armstrong said he believes it's more important for the players to take a leadership role at training camp.
"We're at the point now where the responsibility isn't on Ken, in my opinion," he said. "The responsibility is on our leadership group and our players to take charge of the team. Ken now is here to guide and to coach, not to have to play the taskmaster on making sure everyone is doing things correctly. That now has to come from the leadership group. Because that's what good teams have -- good teams have internal leadership."
6. Will a rookie step up? -- The Blues have one of the strongest groups of emerging prospects in the League. With Perron's departure and the retirement of Andy McDonald, there will be a chance for Jaskin or Rattie, each starting his professional career this season, to step into a prominent role. But will they be able to?
"We're no longer in that spot where we need to put 18-, 19- or 20-year-old players on our roster," Armstrong said. "These players are going to be given an opportunity, but it's a very difficult lineup to crack."
Jaskin and Rattie are 20, but their talent at the junior level was impressive. Rattie had 48 goals in 62 regular-season games with the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League, 20 goals in 21 WHL playoff games, and six goals in five Memorial Cup games. Jaskin had 99 points in 51 games with the Moncton Wildcats of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League last season, his first in North America. He was rewarded with a two-game call-up to the Blues late last season.
Other young players who could compete for jobs are promising defensemen Joel Edmundson, Jani Hakanpaa and Petteri Lindbohm.
"If we have to move out a veteran player because a younger player is better," Armstrong said, "then that's the nature of the beast in the NHL."
'Breaking Bad' star speaks out against bullying
hello
JOE LEWNARD/jlewnard@dailyherald.comR. J. Mitte, one of the stars of the hit AMC show "Breaking Bad," speaks Tuesday at Harper College in Palatine. He played Walter "Flynn" White Jr. during the show's acclaimed five-season run that ended Sunday.
Tell your 4-year-old daughter who asks why she has to wear glasses, a hearing aid and an eye patch that they're what make her unique, R. J. Mitte, a star of the hit AMC show "Breaking Bad," said Tuesday at Harper College.
After Mitte, who has mild cerebral palsy, spoke for half an hour, questions from the packed audience of 443 were submitted on cards, and most of the ones read by the assistants were about real life, not the popular TV show that just ended after five seasons.
That was a good thing because the 21-year-old actor was more eloquent giving those answers than in his prepared remarks.
"When they're older they'll understand," he said. "They will realize that everything that they did, everything they had to overcome, that pushed their back against the wall made them better people."
Mitte advocates for organizations that help people with cerebral palsy and for others that work with actors with disabilities.
The tall, thin young actor is passionate in his work against bullying and urged everyone to get involved, to speak up for their family and friends and what is right.
"When you have a disability you become a target," adding that he suffered a broken hand and other indignities from bullies.
"Bullying is such a big deal. It doesn't affect you short term. Long term it's a bigger wave. You say something and do something and affect someone's life. Even though what you do is very small, the chips actually become cracks."
Despite his youth, bullying on social media was not around when Mitte was a child, and he warned the young crowd how permanent and widespread nasty things put on social networks can be.
But he also pointed out that social media can provide a voice for people with disabilities.
The important things in life are helping others, challenging yourself, overcoming fears and learning from mistakes, he said.
"Cerebral palsy takes many forms. Mine affects my speech and my muscles, fine and gross motor skills. It's like having a giant charley horse through your whole body 24/7. You have to fight to take control of your body. If I can do this, what are you capable of?"
Author: Ben Martin
The pam_mount project lets you unlock an encrypted filesystem automatically when you log in. The same password used to log in is used as the key to unlock the encrypted filesystem, so you only need to type it once. Using this method, you can easily share a laptop and have only a single user's home directory unlocked and mounted when he logs in. And pam_mount can mount any filesystem, not just encrypted filesystems, so you can use it, for example, with an NFS share that you are interested in but which you might not like to leave mounted when you are not logged in.
We've written about other alternatives for providing encrypted filesystems, such as EncFS and Loop-AES, dm-crypt, and Cryptmount, but pam_mount makes the whole process seamless.
Last month the project made a major version jump from 0.49 to 1.2, so don't be too alarmed if your distribution is still offering older code. The distribution repositories for Fedora 9 include pam_mount and it is available as a 1-Click for openSUSE 11. Ubuntu Hardy packages it as libpam-mount. I installed version 0.48 from the Fedora repositories on a 64-bit Fedora 9 machine, but I also tested version 1.2, and it worked exactly the same way. The only change needed (shown below) was that I had to tell mount.crypt which cipher was used:
# vi /etc/security/pam_mount.conf.xml
...
<cryptmount>mount.crypt -o cipher=aes "%(ifnempty=\"-o\" OPTIONS)" %(OPTIONS)
%(VOLUME) %(MNTPT)</cryptmount>
I used a LUKS encrypted volume as an example of pam_mount usage. Although I am using a partition to contain the encrypted filesystem, you can also use a single file mounted through a loopback device if you do not have a spare partition.
To get started, as you'll see in the code below, I formatted /dev/sdc1, destroying all of the data on that partition in order to make a new encrypted volume. I name this encrypted volume myencryptedstuff and create an ext3 filesystem on it. After mounting that filesystem and creating a trivial file I unmount it again and locked the encrypted volume. I then used mount.crypt from the pam_mount package to unlock the encrypted volume and mount it at /mnt/t. As the mount.crypt command is what pam_mount uses to mount a filesystem, it is convenient to try it from the command line first to verify that things work. Finally, I ran the umount.crypt command, which umounts the filesystem and then relocks the encrypted volume. These two actions are the equivalent of the umount and cryptsetup luksClose commands.
# cryptsetup luksFormat /dev/sdc1 WARNING!
========
This will overwrite data on /dev/sdc1 irrevocably. Are you sure? (Type uppercase yes): YES
Enter LUKS passphrase:
Verify passphrase:
Command successful. # cryptsetup luksOpen /dev/sdc1 myencryptedstuff
Enter LUKS passphrase for /dev/sdc1:
key slot 0 unlocked.
Command successful. # mkfs.ext3 /dev/mapper/myencryptedstuff
mke2fs 1.41.0 (10-Jul-2008)
... # mount /dev/mapper/myencryptedstuff /mnt/t
# date > /mnt/t/df1.txt
# cat /mnt/t/df1.txt
Mon Oct 27 09:20:22 EST 2008 # umount /mnt/t
# cryptsetup luksClose myencryptedstuff # mount.crypt -o cipher=aes /dev/sdc1 /mnt/t
# umount.crypt /mnt/t
As the name pam_mount implies, the project works with the Pluggable Authentication Modules system used for authentication on Linux systems. Linux.com has covered PAM in detail in past articles; interested readers should see Understanding PAM, Let PAM take care of GNU/Linux security for you, and Hardening the PAM framework for more details on PAM itself.
In a nutshell, PAM reads files for services from /etc/pam.d and performs actions (such as denying service) when somebody attempts to use those services. For example, /etc/pam.d/login controls what needs to happen for somebody to log in to your system. The pam.d files control not only what happens for authentication but also how to set up the initial session for the service.
Each line in one of the files can tell PAM if the action defined for that line is required to succeed, is optional, or if it succeeds then PAM should stop there and assume success. This last type of entry is called "sufficient"; you must have your new pam_mount entry before such a line to ensure that pam_mount always gets a chance to execute.
PAM also has support for grabbing passwords from the user. Each line can tell PAM that it wants a password and whether to reuse a password that has already been obtained from the user (use_first_pass), or to reuse a password if one has already been obtained, or prompt for one (try_first_pass). This is handy because, if you use try_first_pass and two lines in the PAM authentication part for a service, the authentication services called from both of the PAM lines will want a password, but PAM will make it so you'll only get prompted once.
You configure pam_mount itself in /etc/security/pam_mount.conf.xml. The XML file defines how various helper programs are invoked, the owner of mounted filesystems, whether users are allowed to have their own pam_mount configurations, and a collection of volume elements that tell pam_mount how to actually mount things. One option you might like to set while testing is <debug enable="2" /> which will produce information in /var/log/messages telling you what happens when you try to authenticate so you might be able to fix a configuration issue.
I prefer to use per-user configurations rather than lumping everything into /etc/security/pam_mount.conf.xml. With per-user configuration each user gets the ability to set up their own encrypted volumes and bind mounts. Per-user configuration files are disabled by default; to enable them, add or uncomment the following line:
<luserconf name=".pam_mount.conf.xml" />
The per-user configuration file is shown below for the ben user on my system. The configuration file will mount the encrypted LUKS filesystem created above in a subdirectory of my home directory. Specifying that the filesystem type (fstype) is crypt tells pam_mount to mount and unmount the filesystem with the mount.crypt commands. The only other two things you need to specify are where the encrypted volume is (/dev/sdc1) and where you want to mount it (~/protected).
$ cat /home/ben/.pam_mount.conf.xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?> <pam_mount> <volume fstype="crypt" path="/dev/sdc1" mountpoint="~/protected" /> </pam_mount>
The only tasks left are to edit your /etc/pam.d files to actually call pam_mount so that your encrypted filesystem is mounted when you want it, and possibly change one filesystem permission setting. In the /etc/pam.d/gdm file, which controls the GNOME Display Manager graphical login utility, the two lines I added are shown in bold below:
# cd /etc/pam.d
# cat gdm
#%PAM-1.0
auth optional pam_mount.so try_first_pass
auth [success=done ignore=ignore default=bad] pam_selinux_permit.so
auth required pam_env.so
auth substack system-auth
auth optional pam_gnome_keyring.so
account required pam_nologin.so
account include system-auth
password include system-auth
session optional pam_mount.so
session required pam_selinux.so close
session required pam_loginuid.so
session optional pam_console.so
session required pam_selinux.so open
session optional pam_keyinit.so force revoke
session required pam_namespace.so
session optional pam_gnome_keyring.so auto_start
session include system-auth
Because I was mounting an entire partition as an encrypted volume, I had to also change the ownership of that partition with chown ben.disk /dev/sdc1 so that pam_mount would work.
Once I completed all of that, I logged in at gdm I found that ~/protected was unlocked and mounted for me automatically. I started an SSH session from another machine before I logged in with gdm and kept it open when I logged out. On logout, ~/protected was unmounted and the encrypted volume was locked again automatically.
Keep in mind that you can use pam_mount to mount filesystem types like NFS, FUSE, and bind mounts. Put simply, a bind mount makes a filesystem available at two different paths at the same time. With per-user configuration files enabled you can rearrange how the filesystem looks automatically on login. Bind mounts can be handy when you have multiple NFS mounts with paths that you use often. For example, the below example makes a longer path from an NFS mount available directly under my home directory.
<volume path="/Fileserver2007/Docs/ben" mountpoint="~/docs" options="bind" />
Caveat
Fedora systems use authconfig to update some of the /etc/pam.d files. In particular, the system-auth file is called by many other files. Other Linux distributions probably have similar tools to authconfig. When authconfig runs, it can undo some of your pam_mount configuration by overriding some files in /etc/pam.d to save its changes. To make sure that doesn't happen, you'll have to make sure you edit only the files in /etc/pam.d that your system tools do not assume they can clobber. The main thing to investigate and keep in mind is which of the /etc/pam.d files are overwritten by such tools. For example, system-auth states that it will be overwritten and not to edit it. In this case that wasn't an issue because we focused on a single service and didn't edit system-auth.
With pam_mount you can have filesystems mounted and unmounted automatically at login and logout times. If you use a single password for login and to unlock an encrypted filesystem volume, you can set up the system so you only have to type your password once and have your personal documents protected by encryption when you are not logged in.
The PlayStation 4 Pro will offer half a gigabyte of extra RAM to game developers, thanks to the addition of 1 GB of memory for nongaming uses such as multitasking, reports Digital Foundry.
"We felt games needed a little more memory — about 10 percent more — so we added a gigabyte of slow, conventional DRAM to the console," said Mark Cerny, lead system architect for the PS4, in a lengthy interview with Digital Foundry. The extra DRAM is different from the console's existing 8 GB of GDDR5 graphics memory; it's not meant to be used for games.
Cerny explained that the current PS4 uses part of its fast GDDR5 RAM for multitasking, keeping nongaming apps like Netflix in memory to allow for quick switching between a game and something else. That's not the best use of the graphics RAM, which is why Sony added the slower DDR3 memory to the PS4 Pro.
"On PS4 Pro, we do things differently, when you stop using Netflix, we move it to the slow, conventional gigabyte of DRAM," Cerny told Digital Foundry. "Using that strategy frees up almost one gigabyte of the eight gigabytes of GDDR5."
Half of the freed-up RAM is available to game developers, boosting the total amount to 5.5 GB. (The existing PS4 offers as much as 5 GB of memory for games.) The PS4 Pro uses "most of the rest" of the extra graphics memory, said Cerny, to draw the console's interface at 4K resolution — four times the pixels of the current 1080p resolution.
In addition to giving game developers more graphics memory, the PS4 Pro offers faster memory. The 8 GB of GDDR5 RAM in the original PS4 is clocked at 176 GB per second; the PS4 Pro boosts the speed by 24 percent to 218 GB/s. Coupled with a technique known as delta color compression — a feature from AMD's Polaris GPU architecture that makes more efficient use of memory bandwidth — the speed increase should be very useful for developers, according to Cerny.
The PS4 Pro will be available Nov. 10 in Europe for €399, Japan for 44,980 yen, the U.K. for £349 and the U.S. for $399.
Loading ... Loading ...
‘All such attacks must be investigated and those responsible for serious violations of the laws of war must be brought to justice.'
This story may be updated.
A maternity hospital in Syria's northwestern, rebel-held province of Idlib was bombed on Friday, the U.K.-based charity Save the Children said. The number of casualties is unclear at this point.
According to human rights organization Amnesty International, it “appears to be part of a despicable pattern of unlawful attacks deliberately targeting medical facilities.”
Save the Children posted the news of the strike on the hospital, which it supports, on Twitter, and included video footage of the aftermath:
BREAKING NEWS : Save the Children supported maternity hospital in #Idlib bombed, casualties reported – numbers unconfirmed #Syria — SavetheChildren News (@SaveUKNews) July 29, 2016
The aftermath of the horrific #Syria hospital bombing. Our thoughts are with families & team members on the ground. pic.twitter.com/AOW4Kd01lT — Save the Children UK (@savechildrenuk) July 29, 2016
According to reporting by Reuters, the U.K.-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights confirmed the hit on the medical facility, as well as “a civil defense building.”
“The bomb hit the entrance of the hospital, which sees 1,300 women monthly and carries out over 300 deliveries a month,” Save the Children spokesperson Emma Pomfret said to CNN from London. Another spokesperson for the charity, Caroline Anning, told theIndependent there were at least two casualties.
“Deliberate attacks on hospitals and medical facilities are serious violations of the laws of war and can never be justified. Hospitals, which have special protection under international humanitarian law, should be safe places for mothers, new-born infants, and medical workers—even in the midst of a brutal prolonged conflict,” said Philip Luther, Middle East and North Africa program director at Amnesty International.
Though it is not clear at this point who carried out the strike, Amnesty said in its press statement that it occurred “in an area under the control of armed groups where Syrian and Russian armed forces had been launching airstrikes.”
“All such attacks must be investigated and those responsible for serious violations of the laws of war must be brought to justice,” Luther added.
As Amnesty indicated in its statement, the bombing of the maternity hospital does not represent an isolated incident. As Physicians for Human Rights has documented, there have been hundreds of attacks on healthcare facilities in Syria since March 2011, the majority of which were (pdf) deliberate, targeted strikes.
The organization further notes:
When medical workers are killed, the human toll is not just their lives, but also the exponential number of people who will suffer without treatment and the many lives that will be lost as a result. When these attacks on health care become as prolonged and widespread as they have in Syria, the consequences reach far beyond the individuals and facilities lost—the attacks reverberate across the civilian community, inciting fear that seeking medical treatment or going to a hospital will result in death, injury, kidnapping, torture, or imprisonment, both for the patient and the medical provider.
The hospital bombing comes just hours after the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the U.S.-led coalition killed 28 civilians in a strike in the northern area of Manbij.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Jeffrey Dean Morgan, who played Thomas Wayne in Batman v Superman, was a guest on Jimmy Kimmel Live on Thursday. Kimmel asked Morgan point blank if he was going to play Batman in the Flashpoint movie, and his response was very interesting.
Advertisement
Morgan, who seemed to know all about the Flashpoint storyline where Thomas Wayne becomes Batman, smiled when the possibility of him playing Batman was brought up. After nervously trying to change the subject, Morgan said that he doesn't know anything about playing Batman. Check out the exchange in the video below at the 1:51 mark.
Morgan also teased his involvement in Flashpoint at Comic-Con this past summer.
What do you make of Morgan's comments on Jimmy Kimmel Live? Do you believe him when he says he doesn't know anything, or do you think he's playing coy and that we'll see him as Batman in Flashpoint? Let me know in the comments below.
Cisco announced two important things in today's earnings report: The first is that the company is aggressively moving into the Internet of Things—the effort to connect just about every object on earth to the internet—by rolling out new technologies. The second is that Cisco has seen a huge drop-off in demand for its hardware in emerging markets, which the company blames on fears about the NSA using American hardware to spy on the rest of the world.
Cisco chief executive John Chambers said on the company's earnings call that he believes other American technology companies will be similarly affected. Cisco saw orders in Brazil drop 25% and Russia drop 30%. Both Brazil and Russia have expressed official outrage over NSA spying and have announced plans to curb the NSA's reach.
Analysts had expected Cisco's business in emerging markets to increase 6%, but instead it dropped 12%, sending shares of Cisco plunging 10% in after-hours trading.
This completely unexpected turn, which Chambers said was the fastest swing he had ever seen in emerging markets, comes just as Cisco is trying to establish itself as a bedrock technology provider for of the internet of things, which industry analysis firm IDC says will be an $8.9 trillion market by 2020. This quarter Cisco unveiled the nPower chip, a super-fast processor designed to funnel the enormous volumes of data that the internet of things will generate. Cisco also announced the Network Convergence System, a handful of routers that will use the nPower chip.
Arguably, the current shift in the underlying infrastructure of the internet makes Cisco and other American companies uniquely vulnerable. The move to cloud services, streaming video and machine to machine communication (i.e., the internet of things) means new standards and new default hardware providers are taking root, and if NSA spying keeps American companies from dominating the market at an early stage, it could mean that in the long run they'll simply be locked out of these markets while competitors like Huawei and ZTE reap the benefits.
Last night, winnavegas casino hosted king of the cage: harvest of champions.
The main event featured danny "pretty boy" black and charles "krazy horse" bennett... both fighters predicted fireworks at friday's weigh- ins....setting the stage for an instant classic.
"i am going to always give you something to talk about.
You will never find another bad guy like me."
"It's going to be a slugfest.
That is what i am going for anyways.
It's going to end in fireworks."
Lets see if the fight could live up to the hype.
Krazy horse hasn't fought in three years.....he's amped up.....danny black 5-1 in his last six fights.... krazy horse said he will always give you something to talk about...how about this.....1:41 into the first round....down goes frazier!
Black dropped with the left hook......and he is down for the count......before this fight even started, it ended....and bennet was going nuts!
Lets take a look at the replay.....the left hook.....fierce....ha nd speed.....as good as it gets....cant wait to see that dude fight again..... earlier in the night, chris galinsky sqaured off with curtis johnson in the heavyweight bout....both fighters from sioux city.... things started off well for galinsky....landing his punches...but johnson scored the reversal and it was lights out from therer....the fight called in the first round due to strikes...another awesome night of fights at winnavegas
Every week during the season, we have been releasing a list of the best batters in fantasy baseball that's designed to be similar to Nick's list of Top 100 Starting Pitchers that comes out earlier in the week. Our objective has been to give you the most current rankings of who we see as being the top 150 hitters league-wide.
Playoff time is upon us. There is no more time to be patient or hopeful. After churning through recent stats, slumps and surges, and projections for the remaining teens of games each player has left to play, this is my best crack at a true Top 150 of who I'd like to have on my roto league roster for matchups in the fantasy postseason. It's not like an All-American 1st-team, 2nd-team, and so on, so there's not one player for each position spaced out every 24 spots or anything like that. I also have not separated guys into positional lists based on eligibility. I've simply employed a method with which I'd rather have Guy A over Guy B, Guy B over Guy C, and so forth all the way on down from 1 to 150. It's almost certainly going to deviate from a lot of other ROS rankings out there, as it's my subjective synthesis of prioritizing quantitative apples and oranges for roto viability.
This is the result of me making value judgments about guys who might be studs in, say, three categories (e.g. Dee Gordon with his BA, SB and R) and trying to stack them up against players who have exceptional numbers in one category and acceptable yet mediocre numbers in two others (e.g. Albert Pujols, with his RBI, HR and BA, in that order). It comes down to what I feel all these guys could potentially contribute to a 5×5 team in these final two weeks of the season: a little bit of extrapolation, a dash of gut, a dollop of hunch, consideration of 7-day, 15-day and 30-day data, and what we have here is a big ol' mega-list of guys who should hopefully guide you to glory. Feel free to tear into it with constructive criticism, or just appreciate all the weighing I've done and start one guy over another if you're so inclined. It's up to you. And again, at the risk of beating a dead horse, these are not final power rankings of whom the best players were all year long.
Note: These rankings have been made with H2H 5×5 12-teamers in mind. They do not take the game action of 9/15 into consideration.
[wpdatatable id=7]
Notes
Honorable mentions have to be made before diving into the nitty-gritty.
Last week's HM began with Yandy Diaz , who is still a decent flier, but I'm leaving him off the list still. Diaz is an average booster right now with a tendency to score runs. He stays relevant as long as Jason Kipnis is still sidelined. Matt Joyce is still fringe-viable if you need a desperation UTIL play (3-11, 3 R, HR, RBI) that's neither good nor bad. Roberto Perez is another one of my Cleveland Indians that's feast-and-famine lately: 2-9, 2 R, 2 HR, 2 RBI over the last week, also known as a shot in the dark embodied. Neil Walker is slumping, and I don't recommend pinning your hopes on him these next couple of weeks. Lucas Duda is still too anemic of a bat right now for me to fully endorse, but he's come up with several hits to just barely stay afloat in fantasy conversations. Brian McCann is purely a boost to your batting average only right now, as he's not padding his counting stats at all lately.
began with , who is still a decent flier, but I'm leaving him off the list still. Diaz is an average booster right now with a tendency to score runs. He stays relevant as long as is still sidelined.
This week's HM begins with Hernan Perez has gone 6-15, 4 R, HR, 6 RBI over the last week. He's somehow still managing the odd multi-hit game here and there despite Milwaukee being crowded for playing time in both the infield and outfield. Kyle Schwarber has miraculously gone 9-29 with four homers over the last 15 days. That's an extremely small sample size, but you might catch him when he's hot despite the abysmal season average. Not enough for me to recommend as a Top 150, but worth a stab if you will do anything for some last-minute power. Same goes for Eric Thames . His power and run-scoring are nowhere close to where they were early on, but I have to believe he's got something left in the tank while Milwaukee attempts to compete for an NL Wild Card spot. Robbie Grossman has six hits and five runs during the preceding week. He usually matches up against righties for Minnesota and is spelled occasionally by alternate DH Kennys Vargas , but Grossman could be a passable UTIL play in the odd one-off BVP matchup. Adam Frazier has a five-game hit streak going, but he doesn't figure to get everyday starts with Pittsburgh right now so you'd have to do your homework to stream him when he's used. His counting stats aren't anything to write home about—48 R, 48 RBI, just five HRs—but Frazier is a .285 hitter on the year. Randal Grichuk is another one of those who's been solid in real life for St. Louis but difficult to get jazzed about consistently in fantasy. To illustrate his streakiness, he's 9-36 over the past 15 days with four homers. And yet only three of those hits and one homer have transpired in the last week. He's got 55 RBI on the year and is a .238 hitter. You probably understand my reluctance to go full-bore on recommending him, but he's been known to have flashes of brilliance. Teoscar Hernandez has been mashing for Toronto. He gives way to Ezequiel Carrera at times, but he's been hugely productive over the past two weeks and is almost assuredly available.
begins with has gone 6-15, 4 R, HR, 6 RBI over the last week. He's somehow still managing the odd multi-hit game here and there despite Milwaukee being crowded for playing time in both the infield and outfield.
The FundStrat cofounder Tom Lee says: "If you build a very simple model valuing bitcoin as the square function number of users times the average transaction value, 94% of the bitcoin movement over the past four years is explained by that equation."
This model is based on Metcalfe's law, which says the value of a network is proportional to the square of the number of users on the network.
Bitcoin has been trading at a level above the price projected by the model. FundStrat remains positive on bitcoin in the long term but sees the risk of a short-term correction increasing.
Tom Lee, the cofounder of FundStrat Global Advisors, is bullish on bitcoin and has a unique way of valuing the cryptocurrency.
He says his short-term valuation model, built on Metcalfe's law, can explain the majority of bitcoin's volatility. He explained his reasoning on Business Insider's cryptocurrency show, "The Bit."
Metcalfe's law says the value of a network is proportional to the square of the number of users on the network.
For example, a fax machine is utterly useless if you are the only one who has one, but the value increases exponentially as other people get fax machines.
This is also true for social networks — Facebook is valuable because so many others are on it. It'd be a boring place to surf alone.
"If you double the number of users, you're more than doubling the utility value," Lee said.
Lee says the same is true for bitcoin. FundStrat looked at unique addresses as a proxy for users on the bitcoin network and found that the square of this value explained 63% of the variation in bitcoin prices since 2013.
Here's the portion of "The Bit" that explains his thinking. You can watch the full interview with Lee here.
Lee: In the short term, we think bitcoin has really followed very closely the idea of acting like a social network — meaning the more engagement there is, the greater the value rises. And in the short term, we think bitcoin will reach at least $6,000 by mid-2018.
Sara Silverstein: And you're using Metcalfe's law. Can you explain that?
Lee: So Metcalfe's a professor. He actually came up with a theorem based on George Gilder, which is the value of a network is the square of the number of users. And so if you build a very simple model valuing bitcoin as the square function number of users times the average transaction value, 94% of the bitcoin movement over the past four years is explained by that equation.
FundStrat expanded its short-term model by adding the bitcoin transaction volume per user. This linear factor explained 83% of the variation in bitcoin's price.
FundStrat found a formula by regressing the price of bitcoin against both unique addresses squared and transaction volume per user. This model explained 94% of the variation in the cryptocurrency price since 2013.
The chart below plots the projected price of bitcoin based on this model (light blue) against the actual price (dark blue dotted line). The model has a relatively good fit through the middle of this year.
FundStrat can then use this model to project the future value of bitcoin. The model requires an estimate of the number of unique addresses on the bitcoin network (squared) and an estimate of the number of transactions a day.
Lee says the model provides "a method to suggest a short-term range for bitcoin." Given this premium, Lee is a little more cautious in the short term.
"Bitcoin's longer-term technical trend remains positive," he said, "but short-term upside appears limited, and the risk of a correction is growing."
Archive January 2018 (2) March 2017 (1) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (3) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (2) October 2015 (4) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (4) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (4) February 2014 (3) January 2014 (3) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (1) August 2013 (1) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (4) April 2013 (4) March 2013 (5) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (5) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (3) October 2012 (6) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (3) July 2012 (3) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (2) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (3) January 2012 (4) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (3) October 2011 (1) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (1) July 2011 (2) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (5) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (11) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (1) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (2) August 2010 (3) July 2010 (2) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (3) February 2010 (1) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (3) August 2009 (5) July 2009 (4) June 2009 (5) May 2009 (9) April 2009 (7) January 2009 (2) December 2008 (2) November 2008 (2) October 2008 (7) September 2008 (3) August 2008 (3) July 2008 (6) June 2008 (1) May 2008 (4) April 2008 (3) March 2008 (4) February 2008 (16) January 2008 (18) December 2007 (21) November 2007 (23) October 2007 (30) September 2007 (24) August 2007 (31) July 2007 (118)
HARRISBURG, PA—Claiming that the price of the incredible idea far exceeded his emotional investment in his relationship, local man Alex Ramsey said Wednesday that an extravagant romantic gesture he has in mind is too expensive to waste on his current girlfriend. “I can't wait to finally surprise someone special with a trip to Paris, but I just don't think Sarah's the one I should be spending that much money on,” said Ramsey, noting that the cost—not only of airfare but also dinner at a Michelin-rated restaurant and a private chartered boat ride on the Seine—meant that he had to be very selective in choosing his companion. “I like Sarah a lot, but I might only be able to afford a lavish trip like this once in my lifetime. And, frankly, I'm not sure I want to run up my credit card bill for someone who isn't absolutely perfect.” Ramsey went on to say, however, that he might be willing to make the trip with his current girlfriend if she agreed to go dutch.
Advertisement
Bitcoin Startup Among First Finalists in New PayPal Incubator
PayPal has announced it is mentoring a Bitcoin startup as part of its first startup incubator in Singapore.
Also read: Coinbase Integrates PayPal to Broaden its Reach
PayPal Incubator Welcomes Bitcoin Startup
ONEPAY, which operates as OneBit, will join the nine-month program along with two other fintech startups: Prosecure and Invoiceinterchange.
The startups will receive mentoring from PayPal executives as well as “networking opportunities,” Channel News Asia reports.
OneBit uses an app to facilitate payments to the 9 million plus merchants worldwide who use MasterCard PayPass near-field communication (NFC) technology using Bitcoin. The merchants themselves receive the equivalent amount in fiat currency at point of sale, and are not required to handle or even officially accept Bitcoin.
PayPal is yet to release details of the partnership, with OneBit in the meantime having been added to the incubator's official website.
The move marks a surprise in PayPal's treatment of disruptive technology, having previously sought to develop alternatives to Bitcoin as a means of international payment transfer.
Startups for the first incubator were reportedly selected “on criteria such as management team, differentiation of product and services as well as scalability and profitability of the markets they are aimed at.”
Windows for Opportunity
In March 2015, OneBit participated in the MasterCard Masters of Code (MoC) hackathon, also in Singapore. Following the hackathon, Venture Liang, vice president of communications for MasterCard's Asia/Pacific arm, went on record to note that the startup does not have a formal relationship with MasterCard, something which PayPal could potentially seek to address should a future partnership ensue.
“To clarify, MasterCard does not have a relationship with OneBit. And, there is no card program currently available,” he wrote in a comment.
Naturally, all ideas/businesses that come out of the MoC series must operate within MasterCard policies, and MasterCard has a rigorous process to license specifications for our mobile contactless payments, and certify them to ensure that solutions follow specifications designed to balance the interest of all parties in the network including financial institutions, merchants and consumers.
OneBit is by no means the only player in the Bitcoin NFC app market. Plutus, which launched late last year, offers the same service to, it says, over 32 million merchants irrespective of NFC network. Nonetheless, OneBit seemingly intends to roll out its offering to Visa, UnionPay and American Express merchants in future.
Meanwhile, the PayPal incubator will also seek to support Prosecure, which facilitates free product returns for online purchases to increase reorder rates, and Invoiceinterchange, which uses P2P funding to allow small to medium-sized businesses to raise capital.
What do you think about PayPal mentoring a Bitcoin startup? Let us know in the comments section below!
Images courtesy of paypal-incubator.com, hackathon.io, newsroom.mastercard.com, bostinno.streetwise.co
CLEVELAND, Ohio – Federal prosecutors Tuesday filed charges against Diebold Inc., accusing the North Canton-based ATM and business machine manufacturer of bribing government officials and falsifying documents in China, Indonesia and Russia to obtain and retain contracts to provide ATMs to banks in those countries.
The two-count criminal information and deferred prosecution agreement calls for Diebold to pay nearly $50 million in penalties: $23 million to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and $25 million to the Department of Justice.
The agreement with federal prosecutors also calls for the implementation of rigorous internal controls that includes a compliance monitor for at least 18 months. The government agreed to defer criminal prosecution for three years, and drop the charges if Diebold abides by the terms of the agreement.
Federal prosecutors acknowledged that Diebold officials voluntarily disclosed the criminal activity, cooperated with government investigators, and conducted its own extensive internal investigation.
Diebold spokesman Mike Jacobsen called the settlement agreement “an important step for the company moving forward.”
“It's imperative for Diebold to recognize these issues head on, acknowledge responsibility, put the investigation period behind it and get on with the business of managing the company,” Jacobsen said in a prepared statement.
The prosecution agreement includes provisions for Diebold executives and employees to assist federal law enforcement and regulatory authorities, and to testify before a grand jury, if necessary. U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach said the nation's laws apply no matter in what country a company does business.
“Companies that pay bribes to public officials, whether those officials are in Cleveland, in Ohio or overseas, violate the law,” Dettelbach said.
Dettelbach said the fines were designed to recoup bribes paid by Diebold officials overseas, and to punish the company for “a worldwide pattern of criminal conduct.”
“Corporate earnings cannot be placed above the rule of law, and today's penalties – nearly $50 million in all – send the message again, loud and clear, that such conduct is unacceptable. We hope that Diebold will use this opportunity, including the internal controls and compliance monitor required by today's agreement, to turn the page to a newer and more ethical corporate culture,” Dettelbach said.
Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman said fighting global corruption is a mainstay of the Justice Department's mission.
“Through its corrupt business practices, Diebold undermined the sense of fair play that is critical for the rule of law to prevail,” Raman said.
The charges and prosecution agreement “holds Diebold accountable for its criminal conduct, while also recognizing its cooperation and voluntary disclosure to the government of its conduct,” Raman said.
According to court documents, from 2005 to 2010, executives and employees from Diebold's Asia Pacific region paid $1.75 million in bribes, gifts and trips to dozens of employees of banks in China and Indonesia. The bribes were paid in order to secure and retain business with bank customers, including state-owned and state-controlled banks.
Diebold attempted to disguise the payments and benefits in various ways, including by making payments through third parties designated by the banks, and by inaccurately recording leisure trips for bank employees as “training.”
The court documents also accuse Diebold employees, over a four-year period, of creating and entering into false contracts with a distributor in Russia for services that the distributor was not performing. The distributor, in turn, used the Diebold funds to pay bribes to employees of Diebold's privately-owned bank customers in Russia in order to obtain and retain ATM-related contracts with those customers.
The case was investigated by agents from the FBI's Cleveland office, and will be prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Justin Roberts, with the assistance of prosecutors from Justice Department's Criminal Fraud Section.
According to Diebold's corporate web site, the 150-year-old company employs about 16,000 people in 90 countries, and reported revenues last year of $3 billion.
Monti tells Italy's parties not to cower from tough choices Premier offers advice after Sicilian elections
(ANSA) - Rome, October 30 - Premier Mario Monti on Tuesday told Italy's politicians not to cower from making tough, unpopular decisions when they start running the country again after general elections next year.Monti said the nation's parties should learn from the fact this his unelected emergency government of non-political technocrats enjoys relatively high approval ratings despite it having passed unpopular austerity measures and painful structural economic reforms."We have done unpleasant, disagreeable things for those who suffered the consequences and for those who carried them out," the premier told a World Economic Forum event in Rome on rebuilding Europe's competitiveness."And while people's perception of this cursed government is not rosy, its level of approval is higher than that of the parties," added Monti, who took over the helm of government after the financial crisis forced Silvio Berlusconi to resign as premier last year."There is an important message for the politicians who will govern the country - don't think that you cannot adopt the right policies because you will lose support". Monti was speaking after the results of Sunday's regional elections in Sicily, an important test for the parties ahead of next year's national elections, suggested public disaffection with the nation's political class is intensifying after a series of corruption scandals.Less than half of the island's eligible voters, 47%, used the ballot box Sunday, compared to 66.68% in the 2008 regional elections. Furthermore, the anti-establishment Five Star movement of comedian Beppe Grillo was the party that won most votes, 18.2%, while Berlusconi's centre-right People of Freedom (PdL) party took a pounding.The PdL is in turmoil after suffering two big corruption scandals in Lazio and Lombardy and party Secretary Angelino Alfano on Monday distanced himself from Berlusconi's threat at the weekend to bring down Monti's government.Rosario Crocetta, who was backed by the main centre-left Democratic Party and the centrist UDC, is set to be Sicily's next governor after his ticket won 30.5% of the vote, although this is not enough for a ruling majority and he will have to find a coalition partner.
In January of 1887, Mark Twain wrote the above letter to a Reverend Charles D. Crane, pastor of a Methodist Episcopal Church in Maine, to advise him of the most suitable reading for both children and adults. Twain's letter---which, as he did nearly all his letters, he signed with his given name of Samuel Clemens (or "S.L. Clemens")---came in response to a query in three parts from the Rev. Crane. But we do not seem to have Crane's letter (at least a thorough search of the exhaustive catalog at the online Mark Twain Project yields no results.) Nonetheless, we can reasonably infer that he asked the famous author---who was between Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court---something like the following:
1) What books should young boys read? 2) And young girls? … 3) [and both/either] What should grown-ups read? [and/or] What are Mr. Samuel Clemens' favorite books?
Twain, in a hurry, “took a shot on the wing” and replied with the letter below, which, despite his protestations of haste, seems fairly well-considered. I'll admit that the ambiguity of the last sentence, however, gives me the researcher's buzz to go back and dig through more archives for Crane's original letter.
Dear Sir:
I am just starting away from home, & have no time to think the questions over & properly consider my answers; but I take a shot on the wing at the matter, as follows:
1.Macaulay;
Plutarch;
Grant's Memoirs;
Crusoe;
Arabian Nights;
Gulliver.
= 2. The same for the girl, after striking out out Crusoe & substituting Tennyson.
I can't answer No. 3 in this sudden way. When one is going to choose twelve authors, for better for worse, forsaking fathers & mothers to cling unto them & unto them alone, until death shall them part, there is an awfulness about the responsibility that makes marriage with one mere individual & divorcible woman a sacrament sodden with levity by comparison.
In my list I know I should put Shakspeare [sic]; & Browning; & Carlyle (French Revolution only); Sir Thomas Malory (King Arthur); Parkman's Histories (a hundred of them if there were so many); Arabian Nights; Johnson (Boswell's), because I like to see that complacent old gasometer listen to himself talk; Jowett's Plato; & "B.B." (a book which I wrote some years ago, not for publication but just for my own private reading.)
I should be sure of these; & I could add the other three - but I should want to hold the opportunity open a few years, so as to make no mistake.
Truly Yours
S.L. CLEMENS
See all six manuscript pages of Twain's letter (and zoom in to examine them closely) at the Shapell Manuscript Foundation. We've added links to Twain's recommended texts above. You can find many in our Free eBooks and Free Audio Books collections.
Related Content:
Christopher Hitchens Creates a Reading List for Eight-Year-Old Girl
Neil deGrasse Tyson Lists 8 (Free) Books Every Intelligent Person Should Read.
“Nothing Good Gets Away”: John Steinbeck Offers Love Advice in a Letter to His Son (1958)
F. Scott Fitzgerald Tells His 11-Year-Old Daughter What to Worry About (and Not Worry About) in Life, 1933
Josh Jones is a writer and musician based in Durham, NC. Follow him at @jdmagness
The out-of-control Russian spacecraft that last week failed to dock with the International Space Station has safely crashed back to Earth. NASA and Russian space agency Roscosmos report that Progress 59, which launched on April 27th on a mission to take supplies to the ISS, re-entered Earth's atmosphere over the Pacific Ocean at 10:04PM ET last night.
NASA footage showed Progress 59 spinning in space after an apparently successful launch from Kazakhstan. In a statement, the US space agency said the craft was not carrying any critical supplies and that both Russian and American sides of the ISS were "adequately supplied well beyond the next planned resupply flight." Around a ton of material was projected to survive re-entry into the atmosphere, but it appears that what's left of Progress 59 was not a threat to people on the ground, landing somewhere in the central Pacific.
Getty Images
Vikings running back Adrian Peterson has five full seasons in the NFL. Last week, he turned 27.
Recent history regarding the positions tells us that he may be closer to the end of his career than the beginning.
Vikings G.M. Rick Spielman thinks otherwise. During Thursday's PFT Live, he described Peterson as the “face of the franchise,” a “unique talent,” and a “future Hall of Famer.”
“He's not like most running backs that I've been around through my career,” Spielman said. “He is just a freak athletically and you can see that in his rehab and how quickly he's coming back from this ACL and I know he wants to go out there and prove to everybody he's a better Adrian Peterson than he was before the injury.”
That won't be easy to do, because Peterson was pretty darn good before he went down. Still, it looks like he'll continue to be the focal point of the Minnesota offense indefinitely into the future, which definitely makes him an exception to the current rule of NFL running backs.
Our Objective: To help veteran owned small businesses grow and find new business
Our History: The story behind this idea is pretty simple. I had two different individuals from small businesses come to my house to do different tasks, and they were veterans. I also have several guys from my old unit who promote their small business on facebook and rely on word of mouth for lots of their business, so I thought next time I needed to hire someone to do something I should check for veteran owned businesses first. As I searched for a way to find vet owned businesses I could not find a site that had an easy to navigate list of veteran owned businesses. So I figured I should make this service available to other people who want to help out veteran business owners.
Funding Goals: I need $1,000 dollars to buy the software to run the site/app and some marketing material. We hope that by giving Vets the means to cheaply and efficiently grow their business, we can help create jobs for more of our brothers and sisters in arms after they transition out of the military.
Details of the Site: The website will be free for veterans to post their business, and free for consumers to search. However, there will be different services that can be bought on a subscription or one off basis.
Business Owners: Business owners will be able to pay a small fee to have their business listed as a featured business, which will allow them to show up at the top of the search results for a period of time, based on how much they pay. Additionally, they will be able to post coupons for an additional fee.
Consumers: People who come to the site to search for veteran owned businesses will be able to read and write reviews and ratings.
Mobile App: A mobile app will be available, to enable people to search for Vet owned businesses from their mobile phone. What we have already: I have a list of almost 5,000 Veteran owned businesses and have found a software package that can handle all of the functionality needed to get up and running, in a short time.
Help me, help other Vets who own small businesses.
Also, as a side note, we don't really have physical perks to send out for contributions, but if you include your email address in the checkout process when you donate, we will add your name to our contributors list on the site.
Thanks! Check us out on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/VetList
On Tuesday, the Pittsburgh Steelers decided to place linebacker LaMarr Woodley on injured reserve after he suffered another calf injury early in the Sunday night win over the Cincinnati Bengals.
Woodley, who had earlier in the season injured his left calf, suffered a right calf injury Sunday night while attempting to knock down a screen pass from Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton with 11:2 left in the first quarter. It was the Bengals second offensive play of the game.
Over the course of the last three seasons, Woodley has played in only 34 games. Last season, he was hampered not only by a hamstring injury, but an ankle injury as well. The former second-round draft pick trained in Arizona with safety Ryan Clark this past offseason and registered five sacks before hurting his left calf in the Week 10 win over the Buffalo Bills.
Woodley is scheduled to earn a base salary of $8 million in 2014 and is currently scheduled to count $13.59 million against the cap. Should the Steelers decide to release him and not designate him as a June 1st release, he will count $14.17 million against the 2014 cap.
Should, however, the Steelers designate him a June 1st release, they will have to carry his full $13.59 million cap hit until that date. At that time, they will save his $8 million base salary against the cap, but will incur a 2015 dead money charge of $8.58 million due to outstanding bonus proration still on the books.
Should the Steelers take that course of action with Woodley, they would obviously have to have soon-to-be unrestricted free agent linebacker Jason Worilds under contract or on the franchise tag. In addition, they would need to have extra cap space in order to accommodate the full cap hit of Woodley until June 1st rolls around.
To fill the roster spot, the team signed linebacker Jamaal Westerman, who was released by the Bills on December 10, 2013. Westerman was originally signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2009 out of Rutgers and he has also spent time with the Miami Dolphins, Arizona Cardinals and Indianapolis Colts prior to his stint with the Bills.
SCOTTISH football journalism lost one of its most authoritative voices yesterday with the death of Glenn Gibbons.
The former chief football writer of The Scotsman, who had borne a serious illness with fortitude for several months, was 69.
Glenn Gibbons: 'Great journalist'. Picture: Donald MacLeod
In a career which began with DC Thomson in Glasgow during a glorious era for Scottish football in the 1960s, Gibbons went on to become one of the most recognisable and formidable figures in his profession in the pages of the Scottish Daily Mail, the Guardian and The Scotsman.
Among the many high-profile names in his contacts book was Sir Alex Ferguson, who became his close friend as well as dealing with him in a professional capacity. The former Aberdeen and Manchester United manager led the tributes to Gibbons last night.
“Glenn was a journalist of substance,” said Ferguson. “He had a wonderful, lucid writing style but everything he wrote was underpinned by an unwavering accuracy.
“His great knowledge of football was complemented by a fearlessness. He always expressed what he believed with courage and style. He was a marvellous chronicler of Scottish football and beyond. He had a passion for the game and his knowledge was unsurpassed.
“He was a tremendous source of information and I referred to him regularly, particularly before the publication of my autobiography when he checked out many of the facts. He was simply a great journalist.”
As well as being a colourful observer of the action on the pitch, Gibbons was also a pugnacious commentator on football's off-the-field issues. Peter Donald, the former secretary of the Scottish Football League, was among the administrators of the game who admired his work.
“I always found Glenn to be extremely knowledgeable about the game,” said Donald last night.
“He understood the political machinations of football and could see inside the story.
“He was very well connected within football. You could always speak to him openly and feel comfortable that he would develop and write his pieces without necessarily putting you in the centre of the story.
“Glenn was hugely respected within football and I know that I always felt good after speaking to him. I'm deeply saddened to hear of his death.”
Gibbons joined The Scotsman in 1999 and made an immediate impact on these pages, being named Scottish Sports Journalist of the Year in 2000. He retired in 2009 but maintained a weekly presence in the paper with his Saturday column.
Donald Walker, assistant editor and former sports editor of The Scotsman, said: “Few could match Glenn's eloquence and authority in the sports pages of the Scottish press, and his passing marks the loss of one of football's best-read commentators. His experience, judgment and professionalism shone through during his ten years as chief football writer with The Scotsman, and his weekly column was required reading. We will miss him enormously, and our thoughts are with his family.”
Gibbons is survived by his wife Mary, son Michael and daughter Samantha.
on •
The VERGEEV Group Project is a Russian payware Campaign released a few years back for DCS: Black Shark 1 when it was a stand alone title. After a lot of hard work from community member ‘BBQ' and the generosity of Roman Leroni of the VERGEEV Group, the campaign has now been made freely available and compatible with DCS World: Black Shark 2.
This campaign series puts a stake in the ground when it comes to realism, as if DCS World wasn't enough of a study sim, this campaign adds a great deal of rules and regulations to the sim, any of which may see you fail the mission and get kicked out of the Air Force altogether, leaving you with no choice other than to restart the campaign from the beginning. If you cross the border accidentally or miss a waypoint expect to be given the boot.
I'll be flying through this campaign and giving it my best effort to get to the end. I expect there will still be some bugs though that need to be worked through for the port to DCS World.
Here's my effort in Mission 001. An orientation flight around the border area.
Share this: Reddit
Twitter
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Digital Combat Simulation
President Barack Obama spoke to the nation Thursday night about immigration. The text and video of his speech has been provided below.
Address to the Nation on Immigration
The White House
November 20, 2014
As Prepared for Delivery--
My fellow Americans, tonight, I'd like to talk with you about immigration.
For more than 200 years, our tradition of welcoming immigrants from around the world has given us a tremendous advantage over other nations. It's kept us youthful, dynamic, and entrepreneurial. It has shaped our character as a people with limitless possibilities – people not trapped by our past, but able to remake ourselves as we choose.
But today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it.
Families who enter our country the right way and play by the rules watch others flout the rules. Business owners who offer their workers good wages and benefits see the competition exploit undocumented immigrants by paying them far less. All of us take offense to anyone who reaps the rewards of living in America without taking on the responsibilities of living in America. And undocumented immigrants who desperately want to embrace those responsibilities see little option but to remain in the shadows, or risk their families being torn apart.
It's been this way for decades. And for decades, we haven't done much about it.
When I took office, I committed to fixing this broken immigration system. And I began by doing what I could to secure our borders. Today, we have more agents and technology deployed to secure our southern border than at any time in our history. And over the past six years, illegal border crossings have been cut by more than half. Although this summer, there was a brief spike in unaccompanied children being apprehended at our border, the number of such children is now actually lower than it's been in nearly two years. Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is at its lowest level since the 1970s. Those are the facts.
Meanwhile, I worked with Congress on a comprehensive fix, and last year, 68 Democrats, Republicans, and Independents came together to pass a bipartisan bill in the Senate. It wasn't perfect. It was a compromise, but it reflected common sense. It would have doubled the number of border patrol agents, while giving undocumented immigrants a pathway to citizenship if they paid a fine, started paying their taxes, and went to the back of the line. And independent experts said that it would help grow our economy and shrink our deficits.
Had the House of Representatives allowed that kind of bill a simple yes-or-no vote, it would have passed with support from both parties, and today it would be the law. But for a year and a half now, Republican leaders in the House have refused to allow that simple vote.
Now, I continue to believe that the best way to solve this problem is by working together to pass that kind of common sense law. But until that happens, there are actions I have the legal authority to take as President – the same kinds of actions taken by Democratic and Republican Presidents before me – that will help make our immigration system more fair and more just.
Tonight, I am announcing those actions.
First, we'll build on our progress at the border with additional resources for our law enforcement personnel so that they can stem the flow of illegal crossings, and speed the return of those who do cross over.
Second, I will make it easier and faster for high-skilled immigrants, graduates, and entrepreneurs to stay and contribute to our economy, as so many business leaders have proposed.
Third, we'll take steps to deal responsibly with the millions of undocumented immigrants who already live in our country.
I want to say more about this third issue, because it generates the most passion and controversy. Even as we are a nation of immigrants, we are also a nation of laws. Undocumented workers broke our immigration laws, and I believe that they must be held accountable – especially those who may be dangerous. That's why, over the past six years, deportations of criminals are up 80 percent. And that's why we're going to keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. Felons, not families. Criminals, not children. Gang members, not a mother who's working hard to provide for her kids. We'll prioritize, just like law enforcement does every day.
But even as we focus on deporting criminals, the fact is, millions of immigrants – in every state, of every race and nationality – will still live here illegally. And let's be honest – tracking down, rounding up, and deporting millions of people isn't realistic. Anyone who suggests otherwise isn't being straight with you. It's also not who we are as Americans. After all, most of these immigrants have been here a long time. They work hard, often in tough, low-paying jobs. They support their families. They worship at our churches. Many of their kids are American-born or spent most of their lives here, and their hopes, dreams, and patriotism are just like ours.
As my predecessor, President Bush, once put it: “They are a part of American life.”
Now here's the thing: we expect people who live in this country to play by the rules. We expect that those who cut the line will not be unfairly rewarded. So we're going to offer the following deal: If you've been in America for more than five years; if you have children who are American citizens or legal residents; if you register, pass a criminal background check, and you're willing to pay your fair share of taxes – you'll be able to apply to stay in this country temporarily, without fear of deportation. You can come out of the shadows and get right with the law.
That's what this deal is. Now let's be clear about what it isn't. This deal does not apply to anyone who has come to this country recently. It does not apply to anyone who might come to America illegally in the future. It does not grant citizenship, or the right to stay here permanently, or offer the same benefits that citizens receive – only Congress can do that. All we're saying is we're not going to deport you.
I know some of the critics of this action call it amnesty. Well, it's not. Amnesty is the immigration system we have today – millions of people who live here without paying their taxes or playing by the rules, while politicians use the issue to scare people and whip up votes at election time.
That's the real amnesty – leaving this broken system the way it is. Mass amnesty would be unfair. Mass deportation would be both impossible and contrary to our character. What I'm describing is accountability – a commonsense, middle ground approach: If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law. If you're a criminal, you'll be deported. If you plan to enter the U.S. illegally, your chances of getting caught and sent back just went up.
The actions I'm taking are not only lawful, they're the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican President and every single Democratic President for the past half century. And to those Members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better, or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress has failed, I have one answer: Pass a bill. I want to work with both parties to pass a more permanent legislative solution. And the day I sign that bill into law, the actions I take will no longer be necessary. Meanwhile, don't let a disagreement over a single issue be a dealbreaker on every issue. That's not how our democracy works, and Congress certainly shouldn't shut down our government again just because we disagree on this. Americans are tired of gridlock. What our country needs from us right now is a common purpose – a higher purpose.
Most Americans support the types of reforms I've talked about tonight. But I understand the disagreements held by many of you at home. Millions of us, myself included, go back generations in this country, with ancestors who put in the painstaking work to become citizens. So we don't like the notion that anyone might get a free pass to American citizenship. I know that some worry immigration will change the very fabric of who we are, or take our jobs, or stick it to middle-class families at a time when they already feel like they've gotten the raw end of the deal for over a decade. I hear these concerns. But that's not what these steps would do. Our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society. And I believe it's important that all of us have this debate without impugning each other's character.
Because for all the back-and-forth of Washington, we have to remember that this debate is about something bigger. It's about who we are as a country, and who we want to be for future generations.
Are we a nation that tolerates the hypocrisy of a system where workers who pick our fruit and make our beds never have a chance to get right with the law? Or are we a nation that gives them a chance to make amends, take responsibility, and give their kids a better future?
Are we a nation that accepts the cruelty of ripping children from their parents' arms? Or are we a nation that values families, and works to keep them together?
Are we a nation that educates the world's best and brightest in our universities, only to send them home to create businesses in countries that compete against us? Or are we a nation that encourages them to stay and create jobs, businesses, and industries right here in America?
That's what this debate is all about. We need more than politics as usual when it comes to immigration; we need reasoned, thoughtful, compassionate debate that focuses on our hopes, not our fears.
I know the politics of this issue are tough. But let me tell you why I have come to feel so strongly about it. Over the past few years, I have seen the determination of immigrant fathers who worked two or three jobs, without taking a dime from the government, and at risk at any moment of losing it all, just to build a better life for their kids. I've seen the heartbreak and anxiety of children whose mothers might be taken away from them just because they didn't have the right papers. I've seen the courage of students who, except for the circumstances of their birth, are as American as Malia or Sasha; students who bravely come out as undocumented in hopes they could make a difference in a country they love. These people – our neighbors, our classmates, our friends – they did not come here in search of a free ride or an easy life. They came to work, and study, and serve in our military, and above all, contribute to America's success.
Tomorrow, I'll travel to Las Vegas and meet with some of these students, including a young woman named Astrid Silva. Astrid was brought to America when she was four years old. Her only possessions were a cross, her doll, and the frilly dress she had on. When she started school, she didn't speak any English. She caught up to the other kids by reading newspapers and watching PBS, and became a good student. Her father worked in landscaping. Her mother cleaned other people's homes. They wouldn't let Astrid apply to a technology magnet school for fear the paperwork would out her as an undocumented immigrant – so she applied behind their back and got in. Still, she mostly lived in the shadows – until her grandmother, who visited every year from Mexico, passed away, and she couldn't travel to the funeral without risk of being found out and deported. It was around that time she decided to begin advocating for herself and others like her, and today, Astrid Silva is a college student working on her third degree.
Are we a nation that kicks out a striving, hopeful immigrant like Astrid – or are we a nation that finds a way to welcome her in?
Scripture tells us that we shall not oppress a stranger, for we know the heart of a stranger – we were strangers once, too.
My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants. We were strangers once, too. And whether our forebears were strangers who crossed the Atlantic, or the Pacific, or the Rio Grande, we are here only because this country welcomed them in, and taught them that to be an American is about something more than what we look like, or what our last names are, or how we worship. What makes us Americans is our shared commitment to an ideal – that all of us are created equal, and all of us have the chance to make of our lives what we will.
That's the country our parents and grandparents and generations before them built for us. That's the tradition we must uphold. That's the legacy we must leave for those who are yet to come.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless this country we love.
Victory Army closer to regime base in Idlib
The rebel coalition known as the “Victory Army” took control of a strategic hill overlooking the regime-controlled al-Mastuma military base in the south Idlib countryside on Monday, reported pro-opposition Smart News Agency, bringing rebels closer to full control of one of the last regime strongholds in the province.
Victory Army fighters battled regime forces and took control of the hill, “one of the last lines of defense for the nearby base,” activist Hashim Abdullah told ARA News Agency on Monday. The capture comes after rebels targeted regime forces in a school on the hill with a car bomb, resulting in multiple casualties, reported pro-opposition El-Dorar.
Jabhat a-Nusra attacked and turned back a regime convoy heading to al-Mastuma on Monday, reported Step News Agency.
Members of Victory Army (Ahrar a-Sham) took control of a village west of al-Mastuma on Monday. Photo courtesy of Ahrar a-Sham Homs.
‘Military police' attempt to stem defections
The Islamic Military Police, a recently established organ of the Islamic State (IS), is arresting any non-Syrian fighters resisting security checks in an effort to stem the increasing tide of defecting foreign fighters, reported the pro-opposition media campaign Raqqa is Being Silently Slaughtered on its Facebook page Sunday.
IS established military police units in A-Raqqa province late last year following its defeat in Kobani, Firat al-Wifa, a Raqqa-based journalist, told Syria Direct on Monday.
“Their official mission is to forcibly return fleeing fighters to the front lines,” al-Wafa said. The units stop IS foreign fighters at checkpoints and comb the streets of Tabqa city in patrol cars, Silently Slaughtered reported.
Heavy-handed checkpoints and night patrols brought IS military police and foreign fighters to blows on at least one occasion, when a group of non-Syrian IS fighters being questioned were asked to produce their passports, according to the Silently Slaughtered post.
IS is particularly wary of urban-based foreign fighters in A-Raqqa province as the proximity of cities such as A-Raqqa and Kobani near the Turkish border has tempted many to defect,reported the British independent Al-Quds Al-Arabi at the time of the Islamic Military Police's establishment in December of last year.
Islamic State edging toward Aleppo city
Islamic State forces advanced on the Sheikh Najjar Industrial City, the regime's primary garrison in the northern Aleppo countryside, capturing a hill and two villages in the city's outskirts on Sunday, reported opposition news sources.
Pro-regime Slab News reported regime fighting with “armed groups” in the area on Monday, but did not confirm IS control over the villages.
The Sheikh Najjar Industrial City is the primary regime base in the swath of regime-controlled territory northeast of Aleppo city, which is split between regime control in the west and rebel in the east.
Sheikh Najjar sits on the only supply route connecting regime outposts farther north in the towns of Bashkoy, Handarat, and the Aleppo Prison from regime positions in the eastern Aleppo countryside and the western half of Aleppo city.
Update 2: Here's a complete rundown of everything leaked today:
– Ryu Classic/All-Star cleared video
– Roy Classic/All-Star cleared video
– Ryu full-render
– Roy full-render
– Roy and Ryu alt. costumes
– Lucas, Ryu, Roy stock icons
– Announcer, Kirby hats, Ryu, Roy, JPN Ryu sound files
– Lucas All-Star clear image #1
– Lucas All-Star clear image #2
– Ryu All-Star clear image #1
– Ryu All-Star clear image #2
– Roy All-Star clear image #1
– Roy All-Star clear image #2
– Lucas, Roy, Ryu Kirby hats
– Lucas special moves
– Ryu special moves
Neutral-B: Hadouken
Up-B: Shoryuken
Side-B: Tatsumaki
Down-B: Focus Attack
– Roy special moves
Neutral-B: Flare Blade
Up-B: Blazer
[Side-B: Double Edge Dance](?)(https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CHYcvyWWgAAi1Y0.png)
Down-B: Counter
– Lucas Classic trophy
– Lucas All-Star trophy
– Lucas alt. trophy
– Ryu Classic trophy
– Ryu All-Star trophy
– Ryu alt. trophy
– Roy Classic trophy
– Roy All-Star trophy
– Roy alt. trophy
– Ken trophy
– Inkling trophy
– Dreamland 64 Wii U
– Heihachi from Tekken and Akira & Jacky from Virtua Fighter Mii Brawler costumes
– Zero from Mega Man X Mii Swordsman costume
– MegaMan.EXE and Isabelle from Animal Crossing: New Leaf Mii Gunner costumes
– Ryu franchise icon
– Ryu's stage from Street Fighter II
– NEW MUSIC!
Update: The leaks aren't done. We're hearing about the following Mii Fighter outfits as well:
Brawler – Akira (Virtua Fighter)
Brawler – Jacky (Virtua Fighter)
Brawler – Heihachi (Tekken)
Gunner – Isabelle
Gunner – MegaMan.EXE
Swordfighter – Zero
Also added Ryu and Roy's color variations to the gallery below.
It's official: Ryu and Roy are coming to Super Smash Bros. for Wii U/3DS.
While the characters themselves aren't a surprise thanks to data that previously outed their existence, confirmations of both certainly are. Clips for the two characters leaked out in the early morning about an hour or two ago. Take a look at both below.
Unfortunately for Nintendo, the leaks don't stop at characters. We have a first look at Ryu's stage, as well as an Inkling Girl trophy. Supposedly, Dreamland 64 is coming to both versions of Smash Bros., and new music tracks include Rhythm Heaven's Blue Birds and Monkey Watch.
The source of the leak apparently stems from an early patch that went live in Japan. All of this content may possibly be available for download starting tomorrow!
Thanks to Timz117 and dimweat for the tip.
Source 1, Source 2, Source 3, Source 4
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
by
Daulton Dickey.
(Note: This is the fourth part of a weekly column. Click here for Part 1. Here for Part 2. And here for Part 3.)
p.
Bipolar mania cranks my libido to eleven. When I'm manic, I want fuck all the time. It's crude, I know, but there's no pretty or poetic way to phrase it: mania inspires a more or less constant hard-on.
Fortunately, my wife's libido matched mine, and we'd eagerly wait for the kids to go to sleep and leap into our room and fuck like insane rabbits. It was sometimes beautiful, sometimes raw and perverse, but it was real and honest and primordial.
We had sex seven days a week, sometimes two or more times a day. It was beyond amazing. Then the pills hit me. I forgot to mention the doctor prescribed me Trazadone in addition to Klonopin and Lamictal. Those pills killed my sex drive. I don't know if it was a combination of the three or one in particular, but once I'd started my regime, my desire to have sex plummeted.When we did have sex, I found it difficult to climax. Cumming becomes a chore on those fucking pills. And so does squeeze into clothes: I gained forty pounds within a few months of starting my meds.
For a while, especially in the beginning, I developed an insatiable appetite. I ate junk food and I ate it constantly.
The combination of gaining weight and losing my sex drive took its toll on my confidence
and self-esteem. I felt worthless, a bum. And it affected my wife, too: she felt she was at fault for our lack of sex. She insisted that she had gained weight and wondered aloud if I was still attracted to her. Of course, I was. But those fucking pills had rewired my brain, and an intense sex drive had somehow found itself disconnected from the mainframe.
q.
I only thought about dropping my meds. The thought of breaking down, of watching helplessly as the world around darkened and as I slipped into myself shook me. The pills worked. Sort of. They didn't cure me but they lessened the blow of my anxiety and they dialed down the intensity of my mania. But they zombified me at times. And they affected my writing. In fact, I didn't write at all. I didn't even read. This turn of events affected me as deeply as my plummeting sex drive.
I had long defined myself as a writer. What kind of writer doesn't write? Kafka warned that a writer who doesn't write was courting monsters, Hemingway said he felt he committed a sin every day he didn't write—and I understood what they meant.
I tried to write. Couldn't. Tried to write. Couldn't. Then I thought about writing but didn't even try. I thought about writing every day and I tortured myself for not writing every day, but I didn't attempt to write.
Every day, I courted monsters.
Every day, I sinned.
You don't realize your sense of self has shifted until you're reminded of old habits or passions. Then you feel lost. Completely and utterly lost.
r.
Here's the routine:
Fill out applications, check my phone to make sure the ringer's on and my email works, wait and smoke and pace and fill out applications. Then wait. No one calls, no one sends emails, no one expresses interest despite my work history.
I create a LinkedIn account and present myself as a professional. But it's my kind of site. It's like Weber's iron cage in digital form or a Kafkaesque Facebook. Yet I play the game, try to network, apply for job on the site.
Nothing.
Panic defines me. I check my unemployment balance: it's low, dangerously low. Images of homelessness dance in my head. Fuck fuck fuck. I need to fill out more applications—ten, twenty, fifty a day. Fuck fuck fuck. Maybe my phone isn't working. Or what if someone hacked my email and that's why I'm not receiving any. Fuck fuck fuck.
s.
I followed this routine for weeks.
t.
Erratic spending is a facet of bipolar mania few people discuss. Most popular portrayals of bipolar disorder get the disease entirely wrong—the American version of Shameless seemed to have confused it with something closer to schizophrenia. Six Feet Under, the HBO series, is the only portrayal I've seen of the disorder with any merit. Specifically, it shows reckless spending and carelessness with money while in the throes of a manic state.
My mania inspired rounds of reckless and irresponsible spending, actions and habits that bankrupted us. We struggled because I spent money indiscriminately or without concern for the future.
The meds tempered my desire to spend but it didn't destroy it. Years of spending recklessly transformed into a habit. Even with the meds helping me, I experienced the desire to spend, spend, spend. And I fought it. We were poor and broke and even though I wanted to spend money, I couldn't. When I'd come into an extra twenty dollars, say, I still had to resist the urge to blow it.
Unemployment and my destructive habits took a toll on our finances, our situation, our marriage. Sometimes I fought those urges and succeeded. At other times, I failed. And for every dollar we didn't have for rent, the strain on my relationship with my wife increased. Yet at times I still lost the battle and blew money.
We're poor with no savings, bad credit, no credit cards, no one from whom to borrow money in bad situations—and at times I feel fucked. At times a sense of doom devours me.
Sometimes I think people who say life is fun are full of shit.
Daulton Dickey is a novelist, poet, and content creator currently living in Indiana with his wife and kids. He's the author of A Peculiar Arrangement of Atoms: Stories, Still Life with Chattering Teeth and People-Shaped Things, and other stories, Elegiac Machinations: an experimental novella, and Bastard Virtues, a novel. Rooster Republic Press will publish his latest novel, Flesh Made World, later this year. Contact him at daultondickey[at]yahoo[dot]com.
It was at 4.30pm on Monday when reports came through an affluent beachside suburb of Melbourne had been rocked by an explosion and a hostage situation was unfolding.
Police raced to serviced apartments on Bay Street, Brighton, in the city's south-east, and found the dead body of a male employee lying on the foyer floor.
'The Buckingham' was immediately placed into lockdown and the area outside the building was cordoned off by officers.
Scroll down for video
Somalian-born Yacqub Khayre, 29, (pictured) was killed by police in an exchange of 'severe gunfire' shortly before 6pm Monday, ending the hostage situation inside 'The Buckingham' apartments, in Brighton, Melbourne
Specialist police at the scene of an explosion and hostage situation at the serviced apartments in Brighton, Melbourne's south-east after reports first came through at 4.30pm
'Severe gunfire' was heard ringing out from inside the apartment block at 6pm, with police exchanging up to 40 shots with the gunman, killing him in the process
Police are pictured at the scene in Bay Street, Brighton, where a gunman who had taken a woman hostage was shot dead
Police at 8pm confirmed they are now investigating the link of terror to the attack
At 5pm, specialist police were on scene and the Nepean Highway and Bay Streets were closed to peak-hour traffic.
It was revealed a gunman, Somalian-born Yacqub Khayre, 29, had taken a woman, a employee of the apartments believed to be aged in her 20s, hostage inside the building after a phone called was made to 000.
At 5.40pm, the gunman had called up the Melbourne newsroom of Channel Seven to claim: 'This is for IS, this is for al-Qaeda'.
As he made the chilling phone call a woman, believed to be the female hostage, was heard screaming desperately in the background.
The area outside the building was cordoned off and the Nepean Highway and Bay Streets were closed to traffic
When police arrived at the scene they discovered a man's body lying on the floor of the foyer, while another man was reportedly holding a woman hostage inside
A TIMELINE OF THE MELBOURNE SIEGE: 4.30pm - Reports of an explosion in a service apartment block in Brighton, in Melbourne's eastern suburbs - Police enter 'The Buckingham' to find a man's dead body on the foyer floor - The building is placed into lockdown and the area outside is cordoned off 5pm - Specialist police units can be seen outside 'The Buckingham' - The Nepean Highway and Bay Streets are closed, disrupting peak hour traffic - It is revealed a gunman is holding a woman hostage inside the apartments 5.40pm - The gunman calls Channel Seven newsroom and claims 'This is for IS, this is for al-Qaeda' 6pm - 'Severe gunfire' is heard ringing out from inside the apartment block - Police exchange up to 40 shots with the gunman, killing him in the process - He had reportedly stepped out of an apartment and began firing at police, leading to them returning fire - Terrified residents in the area forced to run for their lives into a nearby Coles supermarket 8pm - Police confirm they are looking into terror links to the attack
At 6pm, 'severe gunfire' was heard ringing out from inside the apartment block, with police exchanging up to 40 shots with the gunman, killing him in the process.
The man had reportedly stepped out of an apartment and began firing at police, leading to them returning fire.
Three police officers were injured.
Terrified residents in the area were forced to run for their lives into a nearby Coles supermarket.
Sky News Melbourne bureau chief Ahron Young was reporting from the scene when he was forced to run for his life after police and a gunman fired on each other.
'I'm right now hearing gunfire, oh my god, police are calling for us to get back... we're all running away from here,' he said.
'We've just been told to get back to Coles because of this scene unfolding. There were probably 30 to 40 rounds of gunfire.'
The gunman responsible for the act was reportedly well known to counterterrorism officers in Victoria.
At 8pm, police confirmed they are now investigating the link of terror to the attack.
Six weeks after he was shot on an Alexandria baseball field, Rep. Steve Scalise has been discharged from the hospital.
The Louisiana congressman's office tweeted a statement saying he “has made excellent progress in his recovery from a life-threatening gunshot wound…and is now beginning a period of intensive inpatient rehabilitation.”
Courtesy of @MedStarWHC: Majority Whip Scalise has begun a period of intensive inpatient rehabilitation. pic.twitter.com/S6HcOfJZeh — Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) July 26, 2017
Scalise was seriously injured in a June 17 attack on a group of Republicans by James Hodgkinson, an Illinois man who opened fire on them after asking fellow congressmen their party identification as they practiced for the congressional baseball game. Hodgkinson was killed by Capitol Police, who were there as part of the House majority whip's security detail.
“He is in good spirits and is looking forward to his return to work once he completes rehabilitation,” his office tweeted. “He and his family are grateful for the care he received from the trauma team as well as the other doctors, nurses, and staff of MedStar Washington Hospital Center. The family also appreciates the outpouring of prayers and support during this time.”
Scalise was struck by one bullet in the left hip. It then traveled through the pelvic area, causing internal bleeding. He was stabilized on the baseball field by fellow Rep. Brad Wenstrom, an Iraq veteran. Capitol Hill police officer Crystal Griner was also shot in the attack, as were lobbyist Matt Mika and aide Zack Barth. All are released and recovering.
The congressman's condition was upgraded in late June, but by early July, he was back in the Intensive Care Unit due to infection worries.
The events of this afternoon have provided at least some clarity to the events of this morning. Most notable is this: If Louisville does not win its appeal, all of its wins and accomplishments from 2010-2014, including the 2013 national championship, are going to be wiped from the record books.
So, yeah, basically that worst case scenario that we've all been discussing for the past year and a half has arrived.
The good news, for those of you more inclined to view things that way, is that Louisville's on-the-court future is relatively unaffected by today's rulings. Yes, Rick Pitino is going to be sidelined for most of January, and yes, there are a few more scholarship hits coming, but for the most part, Cardinal basketball is free to chase national titles without any unanticipated hurdles for the foreseeable future. With recruiting going the way it is and with the team U of L has coming back for 2017-18, that's a very good thing.
Here are 10 thoughts on the news of the day:
1. Louisville's primary defense in all of this seems to have been that the monetary value of all these impermissible benefits totaled only somewhere in the vicinity of $2,000. Compare that with the case of, say, Syracuse, where the issue at hand involved just one player receiving around $10,000 worth of impermissible benefits.
It almost seems as though this defense offended the NCAA.
The NCAA's decision is littered with wording that conveys the infractions committee's belief that the “repugnant” nature of the acts committed makes it pointless to compare this case it to previous cases. Reading through the decision, it's not difficult to see their point. The stories of confused 16 and 17-year-old kids who trusted an adult to take care of them away from home and were instead handed condoms and led to rooms with naked women make your stomach churn.
Even with that being the case, the NCAA is churning through uncharted waters here. As Jay Bilas said on the radio earlier today, “I haven't read the NCAA's bylaws of ‘repugnant.'” There is no precedent for dealing with these types of impermissible benefits, only precedent for impermissible benefits that can be ascribed a specific monetary value.
Given that, it's understandable why Louisville would choose the defense route it did. The issue here is that sex was involved, and sex, regardless of what the issue at-hand is, changes everything. The members of the NCAA handling this case quite obviously saw the acts as highly immoral, and therefore viewed the U of L defense as especially tone deaf. Still, the NCAA giving itself free reign to get away from its own bylaws and hand down punishment based on its own collective moral compass in special instances seems like a dangerous precedent.
My guess is that even with a new group of people handling the appeal, Louisville steers itself farther away from the “it wasn't that much money so we don't deserve that much punishment” defense and more in the direction of “yes, this was awful but not awful enough to warrant THAT much of a hammer being dropped.” I suppose we'll find out soon enough.
2. It's been said by others today, and it in no way excuses the behavior by some at U of L, but if the NCAA did this to Louisville for consensual sex acts, Baylor had better not have a football program at all in three years.
3. Before any of this was an even a twinkle in any of our most disgusting crevices, I was firmly on the “vacating is the stupidest penalty ever, those games still happened, yes, even the Calipari ones” bandwagon. Judging from the reaction to today's news, it would seem most national sportswriters feel the same way.
Louisville's 2013 NCAA tournament games happened. We saw them. We heard or felt the Georgia Dome explode on Montrezl Harrell's go-ahead dunk, and we've seen the “One Shining Moment” montage more than any of us would care to admit. Removing U of L's name from a few record books and forcing the workers at the KFC Yum Center to haul down a piece of cloth won't change any of that.
Still, the 2012-13 Louisville Cardinals becoming the first college basketball team in history to vacate a national championship would be a big deal for all of us because everyone who follows sports would make it impossible for it to be anything else. Being the first to be cast in such a dubious light would be a stain and an annoyance that would be impossible to shake.
Aside from the emotions and feelings of those directly involved with winning the title who had nothing to do with any wrongdoing here (an aspect of all this that's being too casually swept aside by everyone), that stain and that annoyance are why the banner matters. It wouldn't take away the memories and I don't think it would have a major impact on the future, but there's no question that it would still hurt.
4. Cooperating with the NCAA gets you shit. We may have suspected it for a long time, but we found it out firsthand today.
U of L contacted the NCAA on the first day that IBJ Publishing reached out to it with a request for interviews.
Louisville (outside of one-year staffer Brandon Williams) cooperated with the NCAA from that point forward. It got them zero leniency.
Contrast that with North Carolina, which has consistently spat in the face of the organization despite being handed olive branch after olive branch and almost certainly won't face any sort of negative punishment for almost two decades of systemic academic fraud.
The NCAA is essentially that wannabe hard-ass adult grade school coach who demands obedience but secretly loves and gives presence to the kids with the worst attitudes. No one thinks you're cool. No one will ever think you're cool.
5. Chuck Smrt ...
6. U of L did everything short of officially declare war against the NCAA in its press conference this afternoon. While it might be too late for them to successfully traverse “the North Carolina route,” I think it's safe to say that the days of the two entities acting in anything resembling a peaceful concert are long gone.
Louisville is appealing, and is likely to be extremely aggressive in its appeal. If the NCAA rejects that appeal — which is always the most likely result at the appeals stage — then I think it's more likely than not that U of L takes its case to actual court. I would not be shocked at all to see more than two years of ceaseless investigating, interviewing and reporting get summed up with this exchange:
“Take down that banner.”
“No.”
It would be fitting.
7. Tom Jurich was right to point out again today the hypocrisy of the NCAA's “red flag” argument.
They alleged in their initial notice of allegations that the charge against Rick Pitino of failure to monitor Andre McGee was warranted because of his inability to pick up on what should have been obvious “red flags” that any head coach would see. When pressed, they offered no specifics about what those red flags might be. They did the same thing in today's report, and during this afternoon's teleconference.
On the very first day this whole thing went down, I said this: “OK, let's assume every word of this book is true. If the NCAA goes to Rick Pitino and says, ‘you have to guarantee with 100 percent certainty that from this point on, nothing like this can ever happen again.' What does he do? What can any head coach in the country do to ensure with 100 percent certainty that something like this doesn't happen.”
Outside of spending every minute of every second spent off the court walking in and out of each player's dorm room, it's impossible. This is where I understand the frustration of Pitino and any other head coach who is penalized for something nefarious that happens below them.
8. If the banner does go down, I hope U of L puts up something extremely snarky in its place. I would like to make myself available as a consultant for that situation should it arise.
9. If it has to vacate all the wins from those four seasons, U of L is also going to be forced to give back the money it earned from the NCAA for those titles and tournament victories. I know the monetary value isn't being valued by the NCAA here, but the exchange of $2,000 could wind up costing Louisville basketball millions.
10. Here's the most frustrating thing about all of this: Those women and the acts of Andre McGee did nothing to help Louisville win a national championship in 2013. They did nothing to help bring big time recruits to U of L from 2010-14, and if anything, they cost the Cardinals a couple of players who had been Louisville leans before their visits.
The impermissible benefits being discussed here did not help Louisville from 2010-2014, and yet they're still about to cost the Cardinals all the victories and trophies they earned over that time period. That's an especially difficult pill to swallow for everyone involved. Here's hoping something happens in the next few months that keeps this from becoming a reality.
Also, beat Texas A&M.
Sledgehammer Games is making the next Call of Duty right now, but the developer's collective mind is 40 years in the future.
If 2014's military weapons, tech, and prototypes were given another 40 years of development, what would they look like? We probably won't be teleporting, shapeshifting, or traveling through time, but would exoskeletons be out of the picture? Or directed energy weapons? That's the future of combat Sledgehammer Games has in mind for Advanced Warfare, and it's had a huge impact on multiplayer.
For September's IGN First, we visited Sledgehammer's studio for some extended hands-on time with Advanced Warfare's various multiplayer maps and modes – including some new ones. We're diving right in with a full preview, but keep checking back throughout the month for multiplayer map reveals, footage of new game modes, new campaign details, a developer Q&A, and much more.
Jump Around
Year in and year out, despite additions and tweaks and changes, Call of Duty always feels like, well, Call of Duty. It is the “favorite pair of jeans” of video games – familiar, comfortable, and exactly what you'd expect. Advanced Warfare is like that too... if the jeans had attached rocket boosters.
Everybody in multiplayer, from the perched sniper to the frontline shotgunner, can move with speed never before seen in Call of Duty, courtesy of the “Exo” suit. You can dash to the side, leap high into the air, slide along the ground, and change direction mid-jump.
Because it's so easy to use and included in every loadout, it fundamentally changes the way you think about movement. And in a game as kinetic as Call of Duty, that means it changes the way you think about firefights, objectives, spawn points, “safe” areas, and pretty much everything else.
The Exo doesn't replace the Call of Duty feel. In a bizarre way, it almost turns combat into a puzzle. The first step is to get the drop on our outmaneuver your enemy using the Exo, and once you have that upper hand, the smooth 60 FPS gunplay is there to help secure the kill. Once you get a handle on the Exo, you'll constantly plan and pull off amazing kills in seconds. I boosted through a glass ceiling, jutted backwards, and killed an enemy who'd rounded the corner behind me, which felt great and couldn't have happened in past Call of Duty games.
Once you're in someone's sights, it's traditionally been tough to escape. Look at a game like Halo, for example. In most modes, you'll have to wear down someone's shields before going for the kill, and a player under fire often has time to react, get away, or turn the fight around. Call of Duty encounters often end quickly because bullets really, really hurt. Bullets still really, really hurt, but in Advanced Warfare, quick reflexes and Exo movements can give you a fighting chance in situations that would otherwise be nigh unwinnable.
The Exo suit is the most important addition to Call of Duty since perks in Modern Warfare. It's easy to use, accessible to everyone, and meshes excellently with the typical Call of Duty formula.
It Goes to 2013
The “Pick 10” system from Black Ops II is back, but as you might expect from its new title, Pick 13 offers three more slots to play around with. In case you missed it last time, here's a quick primer:
Every loadout offers you 13 slots to fill with whichever weapons, attachments, perks, exo abilities, and score streaks you choose. So, if you're not great at the game, and there's no chance of you earning a fancy, devastating score streak, you can get rid of a potential air strike and replace that slot with a guaranteed weapon attachment. It keeps you from entering combat with something you'll never have any use for.
The real stars here are the new Exo abilities. These differ from the Exo's movement powers, which are standard on every character. One ability knocks away a limited number of projectiles once activated. Another turns you invisible for a short time.
One of my favorites is “Hover,” which has a ton of uses I've only begun to discover. A great tactic is to run through a doorway when you know you're being chased. Once you're out of sight, jump, activate Hover, and wait for the poor sucker to run through the door after you. A shotgun blast to the top of the head ends that pretty quickly.
Score streaks are back, but in Advanced Warfare you have more options to make them your own. Let's say a UAV requires you to rack up 400 consecutive points. You can leave it at that, or you can add extra benefits and abilities to your score streak. The cost? Your 400 point score streak might become an 800 point score streak or higher.
It's a smart way to reward great players for their skill, while also putting them at a higher risk of failure. Plus, the score streak customizations don't count against your 13 slots, so you can tweak without sacrificing your other equipment.
Shiny Guns and Sunglasses
Call of Duty multiplayer rewards those who put in the time, but the rewards usually aren't all that surprising. A traditional XP unlock system lays out exactly what you'll unlock at which level, or exactly what you'll earn for completing specific weapon challenges.
Advanced Warfare still does this, but it also introduces an element of randomness and taps into the loot-obsessed part of the brain (look it up!) with supply drops. They're earned as you play, and they contain both functional items and cosmetic gifts. Opening a supply drop nets you three items, and those items are sorted by rarity – enlisted, professional, and elite, from common to rare (exactly like Diablo's magic, rare, and legendary items, basically).
To me, the most exciting drops are weapon variants. There are over 350 of them, and they look and play differently than their standard counterparts. For example, a fancy supply-drop assault rifle might trade in fire rate for more damage. Stat modifications like these can be achieved with attachments as well, but with weapon variants, there's no need to use up one of your limited 13 slots.
One of my favorite assault rifles fires a four-round burst. As I mentioned in the example above, the variant I unlocked for it sacrificed the fire rate for more damage. It doesn't seem like a huge change, but it did affect how I thought about engagements. Running through cramped areas is already not the smartest idea with a burst fire rifle, but with my new weapon, it became nearly impossible. Instead, I hung back more often and took mid-range fights whenever possible.
If you unlock a new weapon between rounds and you want to see what it's all about, you can press one button from the lobby and you're instantly inside a firing range using "Face Hammer" or "Desecrator" or whatever crazy gun you have.
You can jump in and out and alter your loadout at will, meaning you'll never ruin a match by experimenting with an attachment you dislike. It's such an obvious solution that it feels like it should have been implemented sooner, but it's welcome nonetheless.
Supply drops can also contain cosmetic items for your operator, from sunglasses to knee pads. Of course, rarer drops are flashier and more intricate. Once you've amassed a nice collection of gear, you can show it off easily to your teammates and opponents in the new virtual lobby.
A La Mode
Advanced Warfare has plenty of fun with its multiplayer modes. It will ship with 12 of them, including irreplaceable classics like Hardpoint, Capture the Flag, and Domination, but new additions like Uplink feel fresh, fun, and a bit silly. In short: it's sort of like Quidditch from Harry Potter, but with a lot more murder.
There are fancy terms for everything, but the long and short of it is that a ball spawns on the map, and your team must get the ball into the enemy goal. Throwing the ball in earns you one point, whereas jumping in while holding the ball nets you two. The catch? While holding the ball you're unable to fire.
Good players will pass the ball to their teammates and keep the enemy guessing. Great players will throw the ball into an enemy's hands, disarming the would-be killer for a moment. I tried this a few times, missed, and got destroyed. It's more difficult than it seems.
We're showing off a new game mode later this month, so keep checking back for more.
A Safe Space to Play
The Call of Duty crowd can be, let's say, a bit hostile toward new and inexperienced players. Insults over voice chat are stressful to deal with alone, but when combined with constant beatdowns in matchmaking, it can be enough to drive people far, far away.
To welcome new folks, Sledgehammer created what might be the least stressful version of online multiplayer ever. It's called the Combat Readiness Program (CRP), and it works by stripping away any semblance of stakes or consequences.
In CRP, you can't rank up. You don't earn XP. There's no chat. You don't see killcams, which can add insult to injury, nor do you see a scoreboard at the end of the round. Most interestingly, every 12-person match includes a mixture of humans and bots, and player names are hidden to protect identities.
So if someone lands a crazy headshot on you, you won't know who did it, you won't have to see it again (in slow motion), it won't contribute to any kind of recorded K/D ratio, and nobody can taunt you or scream obscenities into your ears.
“There's nothing to remind you that you're new,” said Sledgehammer co-studio head Michael Condrey. “There's everything to make sure you're having a fun time.”
CRP won't support every map and mode, but Sledgehammer says there will be enough variety to keep it from feeling stale. For those of you who may have once enjoyed Call of Duty multiplayer but abandoned it for various reasons – for instance, being intimidated by hardcore players who spend full-time hours dominating the game – CRP should provide a stress-free way of having a good time in Call of Duty again without all of the, ahem, online wild cards that await in the wild.
​Don't miss the rest of our Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare coverage for IGN First in September, including multiplayer map reveals, new modes, campaign details, and more!
The search for a man seen jumping into the rushing waters of Gold Creek in Golden Ears Provincial Park, has been called off for the night.
Richard Laing with Ridge Meadows Search and Rescue said his team was called out to the park Sunday afternoon after witnesses said they saw someone going over Lower Falls.
"By all accounts it sounds like for whatever reason he entered the pool and the falls and was carried away," Laing said.
"An unfortunate accident is what it appears to be."
Jordan Stooshnov was at the falls with his wife, Valery Stooshnov, when they saw three young men with no shirts on by the creek's edge at about 3:30 p.m PT.
A video they shot shows the young man jump into the raging creek as white water rushes by.
The video then shows his friends try to pull him out of the water with a towel, but Stooshnov said the current was too strong and the man was swept away.
"It was a terrifying experience," Valery Stooshnov said. "We tried calling ... 911 right away but there's no reception in there."
Laing said RCMP and Maple Ridge Fire and Rescue also attended the scene, but they weren't able to find the man.
The park was cleared at dark, and Laing said his team has been suspended pending further investigation from RCMP.
MYRNA DOLYNA, Ukraine —In an overgrown minefield, Yulia Boiko kneels down and starts gardening. Years of war have caused weeds to grow high in the abandoned croplands of eastern Ukraine. Clad in flak jacket and face mask, she uses shears to snip back sun-scorched scrub, removing vegetation one careful inch at a time to avoid hidden tripwires.
A small patch of earth is eventually exposed. Boiko stands up, then scans the ground with her metal detector to ensure it is clear. She repeats the painstaking process – one pace farther into a 600-acre field where wheat and sunflowers once grew.
A mine warning is displayed at a checkpoint on the contact line between pro-Moscow rebels and Ukrainian troops. Reuters
The United Nations reports that this Donbas region is becoming one of the most mined areas in the world. Anti-vehicle mines in particular kill more people here than anywhere else in the world, researchers say – surpassing the numbers of victims in Syria, Yemen or battlefields across Africa.
“Nobody knows how big the problem is,” said Henry Leach, the head of the Danish Demining Group's program in Ukraine. “We just know it's big.”
Land mines, booby traps and unexploded ordnance are sown across tens of thousands of acres – much of it off-limits because the fighting is still going on and because of obstructions raised by officials.
RIDDLED WITH EXPLOSIVES
The Halo Trust, a humanitarian mine-clearance organization, estimates that land mines have caused 1,796 casualties in eastern Ukraine – among them 238 civilians killed and another 491 injured – since the start of the war in 2014. The rate of casualties from mines and unexploded ordnance has increased over the years, a trend likely to continue as displaced families return to areas where fighting has subsided, now riddled with explosive remnants.
In addition to the bloodshed, entire communities suffer. Both sides have laid land mines, denying people use of land for crops and livestock, and endangering those who gather firewood. Local economies stagnate, damaged infrastructure goes unrepaired, cease-fire monitors are hampered.
That's why Boiko – a 29-year-old mother of one from Mariupol – and her mine-clearance colleagues are deployed near the village of Myrna Dolyna (“Peaceful Valley”). Following clashes in 2014 and 2015, the presence of these deadly devices has paralyzed the small agricultural community, close to the front line in government-held Luhansk region.
Deaths of three Ukrainian soldiers from a land-mine blast here last year put the area on the radar of the Danish Demining Group. Its manpower is drawn from the local population; supervisors say that risks are manageable and that training takes just a few weeks. In the Donbas twilight zone, this job is attractive. Pay is decent; the task, empowering. This site is expected to be cleared within a year.
“It's a mix of gardening and archaeology,” Leach said. “We employ civilians, not specialists, so it's less expensive and benefits local communities.”
Under a hot autumn sun, 10 men and women are scouring for a smorgasbord of Soviet-era weapons. Directional fragmentation mines look like “a dinner plate packed with explosives,” Leach said. “They're particularly nasty.”
Powerful TM-62 antitank mines threaten farmers working the land. OZM-72 “bounding fragmentation” mines jump into the air when tripped, exploding at waist height to spray hundreds of steel shards into their victims.
“Black widow” mines contain up to a half-pound of TNT, while the toylike shape of “green parrots” caused a large number of child casualties during the Soviet-Afghan war. Elsewhere, the Ukrainian military has accused Russian-backed forces of laying mines attached to fishing lines, with hooks that snag soldiers' clothes, setting off the explosives.
FINDING THE ‘MINE LINES'
In the field near Myrna Dolyna, deminers have cleared several lanes into the minefield, each one spaced at a safe distance in case of unexpected blasts. The manager is Colin Watson, a Scotsman with experience in Afghanistan, Mozambique, Somalia and elsewhere.
Sticks tipped with red paint mark the division between secured areas and those yet to be cleared. One goal is to find “mine lines” – explosives fanning into an invisible, defensive barrier.
So prevalent are Donbas land mines that some farmers nickname them “potatoes.” Overlooking rebel-held Horlivka, Vadym Kaplya owns “Dynasty” farm (which his mother named after the soap opera). The front line cleaves his land in half. Plots of wheat are scorched by shelling, while wrecked tractors lie mangled by indiscriminate antitank mines.
“We tell ourselves, ‘There's a potato, don't go there,' ” Kaplya told the Ukrainian online television channel Hromadske.
Most minefields are around the front line, where military commanders typically restrict demining. “There's almost a blanket ban on survey and clearance in those areas,” said Patrick Thompson, operations manager for the Halo Trust in Ukraine. “If we want access, we have to apply to the [Defense Ministry]. … Most commonly, we never get a response.”
And banned from separatist-held territory, international mine-clearance organizations have no idea of the scale of the problem there.
Eastern Ukraine is “rapidly becoming one of the most mined areas in the world,” the U.N. deputy chief of humanitarian affairs, Ursula Mueller, said recently, “which, if not addressed, will stall reconstruction and development for many years to come.”
Share
Pin 105 Yum 105 Shares
Turtle Bars are a decadent treat with a shortbread crust, delicious caramel and pecans and perfect for your sweet tooth cravings!
As is usually the case, I was craving something sweet, rich, decadent and of course chocolate. I had a can of dulce de leche- no surprise there! So I started thinking about cookies with caramel. The brown sugar shortbread was sure good with dulce de leche but I need some chocolate, and well here you go, turtle bars.
I will be keeping this one in the front of the recipe box and making them often. I loved them and really they couldn't be simpler. They are perfect for special occasions, parties or just for everyday cravings. Make them, eat them, and be happy!
Turtle Bars Print Ingredients 1 cup butter, softened
1/2 cup brown sugar
2 cups all purpose flour
1 13.4 oz can dulce de leche caramel (or caramel ice cream topping)
1 cup chopped pecans, toasted
1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
2 tablespoons heavy cream
Instructions Preheat oven to 300 degrees.
In a mixer bowl add butter and beat until creamy. Add brown sugar and beat until combined, add flour and continue to mix until all combined.
Press mixture evenly into a 11 x 15 inch baking dish (a 9 x 13 will also work, the bars will be a little thicker, add 3-5 minutes to baking time). Use a fork and prick crust all over. Bake for 25 minutes. Remove from oven.
Heat dulce de leche in a microwave safe bowl for about a minute. Spread over crust.
Sprinkle pecans over caramel.
In a small microwave bowl combine chocolate chips and cream. Heat in 20 second intervals, stirring in between until chocolate is melted and smooth. Drizzle over caramel and pecans.
Allow bars to come to room temperature, then refrigerate for 2 hours. Remove bars and allow resting five minutes before slicing and serving. May be served chilled or at room temperature. Store, covered in refrigerator.
Pin 105 Yum 105 Shares
more from missinthekitchen you might enjoy!
In America's future, weed utopian state, cannabis will be consumed and sold everywhere, from ballpark vendors to bowling alleys to, of course, bars. And with Washington and Colorado's imminent legalization, we're seeing a glimpse at these greener pastures that lie ahead for weed.
Yes, it's fairly easy to hit a vaporizer pen in any bar (even in Montana) without raising eyebrows, and smoking a bowl outdoors is no biggie. But doing so in the comfort of your chair in a bar that sanctions and encourages this kind of behavior? Now that's some good stuff.
While you won't find much trouble lighting up in public in either of these states–speaking from experience, you can smoke a joint while walking past a cop with no problem–one brash and wise entrepreneur is foregoing “official cannabis club” status and are both allowing and encouraging their patrons to medicate freely in the safe comfort of his bar.
In Olympia, Washington this bar is Frankie's Sports Bar and Grill, which lets potential customers know on their sign that they're very much open for blazing on Gameday. While you can't purchase bud from Frankie's (or any other sports bar with a liquor license), you can most definitely go there to catch a buzz and a game.
Tavern owner Frankie Schnarr takes a long draw from his bottle of Coors Light and scans his sports bar, listening to billiard balls rattle and a pinball machine explode with points. Suddenly, there's that smell: musky-sweet, skunky yet somehow pleasing, an odor traditionally fraught with illegality. Three men in jeans and sleeveless shirts shooting pool nearby fire up a small purple pipe packed with pot. They inhale deeply between shots, laughing, passing the bowl, mellowing their buzz with an occasional swig of beer. Marijuana. Being brazenly smoked in public, right there under the bar owner's nose. Schnarr smiles. “You get used to the smell — it's like the mold at your Mom's house,” he says, motioning for another Coors. “It's strange at first, but later you realize, ‘Oh, that's what that is.' Some people walk in here these days and go, ‘Oh, wow.' But most walk in and say: ‘Oh, wow. This is cool!'” At Frankie's Sports Bar and Grill, firing up a “fatty” or a “blunt” is not only condoned, it's welcomed. Last fall, Washington state legalized recreational marijuana use, allowing people to smoke the drug in private, but not in public places such as bars. Schnarr, 63, has found a way around that: He's using a space in his bar he says is private, not public. Now the second floor of his sports bar — a mammoth room with TVs, card tables, 10 pool tables, four shuffleboard tables and rows of booths — is the only pub in the state to allow the practice. It's a rarefied realm where patrons burn joints and bowls of greenish weed in a free-for-all fashion that's still unknown in most of law-abiding America. As state officials scramble to change the law and put a stop to Schnarr's reefer madness, patrons like Jason Southwick can't believe their good fortune. The 32-year-old unemployed landscaper takes a bud of pot from a plastic medicine vial, packs his pipe and breathes in for a prolonged moment. His friends list ways stoners and boozers handle their buzzes differently: Pot smokers don't start fights and don't run people over at crosswalks. “We're more chill,” one woman says. [LA Times]
And the future is really, really effing chill. One day, you'll be able to walk into a bar, take a seat, and tell a bartender “I'm not thirsty–I would, however, love an 1/8 of your finest Kush.” This day is coming soon–and in Washington and Colorado, soon is now.
'Star Wars' Actor Jake Lloyd Diagnosed With Schizophrenia While Incarcerated
His mother says she's already noticed an improvement in Jake after he was moved to psychiatric care.
Jake Lloyd, who is best known for his 1999 role as Anakin Skywalker, has been placed in a psychiatric facility upon being diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Celebrity gossip site TMZ broke the news that the former child actor, who starred in Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace as the young Jedi who would grow up to become Darth Vader, was relocated from his jail cell where he had been living for the last 10 months.
Schizophrenia is defined as a thought disorder that interferes with a person's ability to think clearly, manage emotions, make decisions and relate to others, according to the Stanford School of Medicine. Its symptoms, which can be disabling, can range from hallucinations and delusions to flattened expressions of emotion and social withdrawal.
The retired actor, born Jake Broadbent, was arrested last June after leading police on a high-speed police chase in South Carolina. He drove his Nissan through two counties at speeds exceeding 100 miles an hour. Ultimately, he was charged with reckless driving, failure to stop for police and driving without a license.
After the incident, his mother Lisa Riley told TMZ that Lloyd has struggled with mental health issues since he was 19. She told the gossip site that a few months before the police chase incident, he had attacked her in her home after going off his medication. According to Riley, he came after her in her Indianapolis home in March 2015, accusing her of “ruining” his life, knocking her down and kicking her. She decided not to press charges at the time.
Lloyd's growing discontent was evident early on, exacerbated by the pressures of being shot to international stardom at 10 years old. Nearly a decade ago, around the time he quit acting, Lloyd famously denounced his role in Star Wars, saying the film had turned his life into a “living hell.” Between having to do about 60 interviews a day and being bullied in school, he said he “learned to hate it when the cameras are pointed at me.”
Since the 27-year-old was moved to psychiatric care, his mother says she has already noticed an improvement in his personality. Fans and well-wishers expressed an outpouring of support on his Facebook page, which paints a picture of a full and happy life occupied by personal projects before his arrest last year.
According to TMZ, it's yet unknown how long Lloyd will stay in the psychiatric facility. His family says they want him to take his time to get healthy.
Trump: Today Hillary Gave A Speech And Didn't Mention Me Or Sexism, "I Wonder Why?"
Six of the most hard-hitting minutes of Donald Trump stage remarks yet targeting Hillary Clinton.
DONALD TRUMP: Hillary is a disaster. Hillary is controlled by her money. So is Jeb, by the way. I'm the only one self-funding my campaign.
...
She's always so theatrical. Trump said this and that, ugh, and you just. I actually, I shouldn't do it -- I just have to turn off the television some of the time. She gives me a headache.
Although, I think last night I gave her a big headache. I can imagine those discussions. But you have to hit back hard and you can't let them push you around.
Today she gave a speech and she never even mentioned my name -- I wonder why.
I was mentioned nine times in the [most recent DNC] debate. Everything, all of them, her. None of the other candidates were mentioned.
And then she came out with the sexism, which is nonsense, but she is playing that card.
And then I had to hit her back and I talked about her husband and the abuse of women. It's horrific abuse. And I talked about that
And now today on the television they're going crazy.
She gets up, makes a speech, doesn't even mention me or sexism. I wonder why. I wonder why!
...
Remember all those people who are gone? Look at the people I focused on, I don't want to knock them. I don't want to name names, but they are all the people who attacked me.
Wouldn't it be nice if our country could have that same thing? You attack, boom, you're gone.
Eurozone crisis: Merkel and Sarkozy 'agree key changes'
The leaders discussed how best to resolve the eurozone debt crisis
The German and French leaders will propose "important changes" to the way the eurozone operates after talks on controlling the bloc's debt crisis.
Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Nicolas Sarkozy said the aim was closer and more binding economic and financial cooperation between eurozone countries.
The leaders said they would give further details by the end of October.
The nations were "determined to do the necessary to ensure... recapitalisation of Europe's banks", Mrs Merkel added.
Germany and France have differed over how to recapitalise Europe's banks, said by some to require between 100bn (£86bn; $134bn) and 200bn euros to withstand the sovereign debt crisis.
Paris is believed to want to use the eurozone's bailout fund - the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF) - to recapitalise its own banks, while Berlin is insisting the fund should be used as a last resort.
But speaking after the talks in Berlin, Mr Sarkozy said it was "not the moment" to go into the agreement's details but said that the Franco-German accord was "total".
Mr Sarkozy told reporters: "We are very conscious that France and Germany have a particular responsibility to stabilise the euro. We need to deliver a response that is sustainable and comprehensive."
The leaders suggested that their package of proposals would include a plan for recapitalising European banks, accelerating economic co-ordination in the eurozone and dealing with Greece's debt problems.
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote From the sidelines, the voices are becoming more strident and urgent” End Quote
Chancellor Merkel has insisted that the 17-18 October summit of European leaders in Brussels must send a clear signal on the issues in a bid to restore market confidence.
Other topics on the leaders' agenda were thought to have been the Franco-Belgian bank Dexia, Europe's first bank to fall victim to the current debt crisis.
Earlier on Sunday, the governments of France, Belgium and Luxembourg said they had agreed a plan to rescue the bank.
"The proposed solution, which is the result of intensive consultations between all involved parties, will be submitted to the Dexia board, whose responsibility it is to approve the plan," a joint statement said. The board was meeting on Sunday afternoon.
Greek bailout
Meanwhile, talks are continuing over the latest bailout tranche for Greece, which could run out of cash as soon as mid-November.
The European Commission, the European Central Bank and the IMF are currently deciding whether to release about 8bn euros to help the Greek government pay its bills.
This is money from the original 110bn euro bailout agreed last summer. Another 109bn euro bailout package was also agreed by European leaders in July, but this has yet to be ratified.
Despite efforts by leaders to contain the crisis, there is little evidence that its end is nearing, analysts say.
"There is a high risk that this crisis further escalates and broadens," German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said.
On Friday, the international ratings agency Fitch downgraded the sovereign credit ratings of Italy and Spain, and another agency, Moody's, downgraded 12 banks in the UK and nine in Portugal.
Plans to expand the EFSF, and give it greater powers, were also agreed in July and have been ratified by most national parliaments. Slovakia will vote on the proposals this week.
However, these plans are now seen as inadequate and leaders have said they hope to announce new measures at a G20 meeting in Cannes at the beginning of November.
Seeking to make presenting rich media on Android devices a little easier, Adobe has released Presenter Mobile. As the name implies, Presenter Mobile works with Adobe Presenter which, for those who don't know, is a tool that can take your media-packed PowerPoint deck and turn it into easy-to-manage, interactive eLearning or presentation material. Presenter's desktop software can also create videos "capturing both yourself and your screen" for demonstrations or instructional sessions. Adobe's Presenter Mobile simply makes all your Presenter material accessible and usable through any Android tablet.
To use the app, you (or your intended user) need only enter a URL to your presentation material, and off you go. As with most of Adobe's apps, the controls are easy to grasp and can be mastered in moments. In fact, the intro screen will constantly remind you of the controls with a simple graphic.
Once inside a presentation, you can progress through just as you'd expect, seeing rich media, interacting with quizzes and surveys, and providing feedback. If you aren't a Presenter user already, you probably won't care about Adobe Presenter Mobile, but if you are, it's a great expansion of the tool's functionality and will make using presentations on the go that much easier.
There are almost three million Turkish people living in Germany and, according to a new study released this week, almost half of them intend to return to Turkey at some stage. And interestingly, younger Turks want to return to Turkey than their elders.
This is despite the fact that almost two thirds of respondents to the study (61 percent altogether)-- one of the first polls to compare the world views of around a thousand individuals from Turkey, Germany and the Turkish population living in Germany -- had been born in Germany or had been living in the country for over 30 years. Turks are the largest ethnic minority in Germany and make up almost 4 percent of the country's population. Yet only 21 percent of those polled feel happy to call Germany home.
In fact, over half of the Turks living in Germany (62 percent) said that when they are in the country they felt like Turks. But when they were in Turkey they felt like Germans. A significant percentage of the migrants (45 percent) felt that they were not wanted in Germany and only 54 percent believed that Turks and Germans had the same educational opportunities.
Liberal Attitudes Indicate Some Integration in Action
The study, which was conducted by Info Research, a company based in Berlin and Liljeberg Research International which is based in Antalya, Turkey, was released on Thursday and questioned interviewees on subjects like politics, morals, relationships and religion. Despite not feeling completely at home in Germany, the answers from the Turkish-German indicated that there was some integration in action. While German respondents were generally more liberal -- in everything from their approval ratings on gay marriage to virgin brides to abortion rights -- and the Turkish respondents were generally less liberal, the Turkish-Germans were somewhere between the two.
For example, most Germans trust their police, their schools and tertiary institutions and German justice. They trust political parties and big business least. And apart from having less trust in the German police and military than their German friends, most Turkish-Germans feel about the same.
The most dramatic differences come in questions related to family life. Only around 10 percent, or less, of Germans believe that a man and woman should not live together before marriage (8 percent), that a woman should not have sex before marriage (7 percent), that a virgin bride is important (6 percent), that bringing up children is women's work (9 percent) and that one's parents should have a say in whom a person marries (5 percent).
On the other hand, the Turkish-Germans and the Turkish are far closer on these matters. Almost half of Turkish-Germans (47 percent) believe that a man and woman should not live together before marriage and over half (67 percent) of Turkish think they shouldn't. Almost half of Turkish-Germans believe a bride should be a virgin (48 percent) and over two thirds of Turks in Turkey (72 percent) agree.
The figures are similar for women being responsbile for children's upbringing (Turkish-German: 32 percent, Turkish: 52 percent) and whether your parents can tell you whom you should be marrying (Turkish-German: 48 percent, Turkish: 68 percent). Abortions and homosexual relationships are still taboo in both of the Turkish populations and in general, the two Turkish populations were also far more religious.
Younger Turkish-Germans Becoming More Conservative
Having said that though, the Turkish-Germans came closer to their German counterparts again when it came to tolerance. For example, while only a third of Turks were happy with an unmarried couple as neighbors, over half of Turkish-Germans (57 percent) felt fine about it, as did over two thirds of Germans (76 percent).
In announcing the results of the study, Die Welt newspaper reported that research leader Holger Liljeberg noted that those traditional values seemed to be a lot stronger among younger Turkish-Germans surveyed. Those aged between 15 and 29 held more conservative opinions on everything from virginity to abortion to believing in heaven. Liljeberg felt this might be a reaction that the young Turkish people had to the pressure of trying to fit into German society. "The younger ones think: If they don't want me here, then I would rather have a Turkish identity," Liljeberg said on Thursday. Whereas the older immigrants were more relaxed about it, he added.
'We Are Not a Society that Prescribes Individuals' Views'
For Liljeberg, the answer lies in education. "The problem is that many don't know the language perfectly," he said at a press conference Thursday, suggesting a Turkish-language school that includes German courses in order to prepare students for the future. "One cannot get a handle on a culture and education with only 30 percent of the vocabulary."
However, Barbara John, Berlin's state official in charge of immigration issues who was also at the release of the study, said that the problem lay beyond language and that it was also a cultural issue. John said she didn't see any problem in the differences in values and compared the Turkish values to earlier German social values from the 1960s, which had since changed. "Each individual decides their own moral code," she said. "This is a small thing for those living together in a constitutional state. We are not a society that prescribes individuals' views."
It was also noted that the number of younger Turks living in Germany who were sampled was small. Of the 331 Turkish-German respondents, only 86 people were aged between 15 and 20. Additionally the survey's authors cited a margin of error of 3.7 to 5.4 percentage points.
It is the ultimate in Cold War legends: that at the dawn of the Space Age, in the late 1950s and throughout the 1960s, the Soviet Union had two space programmes, one a public programme, the other a ‘black' one, in which far more daring and sometimes downright suicidal missions were attempted. It was assumed that Russia's Black Ops, if they existed at all, would remain secret forever.
There are those who believe that somewhere in the vast blackness of space, about nine billion miles from the Sun, the first human is about to cross the boundary of our Solar System into interstellar space. His body, perfectly preserved, is frozen at –270 degrees C (–454ºF); his tiny capsule has been silently sailing away from the Earth at 18,000 mph (29,000km/h) for the last 45 years. He is the original lost cosmonaut, whose rocket went up and, instead of coming back down, just kept on going.
…
Then, on 28 November 1960, the Bochum space observatory in West Germany said it had intercepted radio signals which it thought might have been a satellite. No official announcement had been made of any launch. “Our reaction was to immediately switch on the receivers and listen,” said Achille. After almost an hour of tuning in to static, the boys were about to give up when suddenly a tapping sound emerged from the hiss and crackle.
“It was a signal we recognised immediately as Morse code – SOS,” said Gian. But something about this signal was strange. It was moving slowly, as if the craft was not orbiting but was at a single point and slowly moving away from the Earth. The SOS faded into distant space. At 10.55pm on 2 February 1961, the brothers were scanning Russian frequencies as usual when Achille picked up a transmission from an orbiting capsule. They recorded the wheezing, struggling breathing of what they thought was a suffocating cosmonaut. The brothers contacted Professor Achille Dogliotti, Italy's leading cardiologist and recorded his judgement. “I could quite clearly distinguish the clear sounds of forced, panting human breath,” said Dogliotti.
Two days later, the Soviet press agency announced that Russia had sent a seven-and-a-half-tonne spaceship the size of a single-decker bus into space on 2 February, which had burned up during re-entry. No further information was forthcoming.
Had the brothers captured the dying breaths of a cosmonaut?
NEW YORK, April 13, 2014 — Despite the positive spin that economic reporters have been putting on the Obama Recovery for the past several months, the markets are demonstrating that the “Street” itself is as spooked about the end of the bull run as a herd of cattle resting tentatively at night on a trail drive north. Investors who are paying attention are jittery and ready to scatter at the slightest disturbance. There's good reason.
The Japanese have been there and done that.
While this week's pullback on Nasdaq and the Dow may be partially normal profit taking and a reaction to some of the earnings reports that came in below expectations. However, another possibility is that it is a prelude to another market crash.
Look back at Japan in 1990 to see what things look like before they implode. “Baburu Keizai” is a Japanese phrase that may foreshadow America's future. The phrase translates to “bubble economy.” The history behind the phrase goes back to 1990, the year of the most epic financial meltdown in modern Japanese history. “Baburu Keizai” is thought to have been coined by Yasushi Mieno, the 26th governor of Japan's Central Bank, the Bank of Japan.
Leading up to January 1990, Japan had seen a meteoric rise in asset values, not only in the securities markets, but also in real estate. Our Federal Reserve sometimes uses the expression, “the economy is ‘overheated.” It was said in 1990, with a little hyperbole, that a square inch of land in the fashionable Ginza district of Tokyo cost more than a square mile of good land in the U.S. The Nikkei 225 Average had shot up to nearly 39,000. Barkley Rosser noted that in 1990, the aggregate value of all land in Japan was fifty percent greater than the value of all land in the rest of the world.
In the five years before its 1989 peak, the Nikkei stock average rose 275 percent. Property values exploded to the extent that the small tract of land surrounding the Imperial Palace in Tokyo was said to be worth more than the entire state of California. The house that former Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa occupied (provided him by his political contributors), stood on a mere sixth of an acre. Its market value was estimated at 2.7 Billion Yen, or approximately U.S. $22 million.
On balance, not all of the conditions prior to the bust in 1990 were attributable to speculation or “irrational exuberance.” In 1985, the Plaza Accord was signed between four major world currency players — the UK, France, West Germany and Japan — to intervene in the currency markets with the intent to depreciate U.S. dollar against the yen (JPY) and the West German Deutschemark (DEM). The unexpected result, among others, was the sharp appreciation of JPY from around USD/JPY 200 in 1985 to around 135 in 1990, which harmed the competitiveness of Japan's exports, thus triggering a cratering and subsequent stagnation of GDP for a long period.
At the time, some economists, including Mieno, were concerned about roreika — the demographic graying of the Japanese population — combined with a historically low birth rate, below replacement level. In Governor Mieno's estimation things were headed for a collision course. Mieno decided to deal with it pro-actively by raising interest rates by just a small increment. The intended effect was similar to turning the gas burner on the stove down a quarter of a turn, to bring the boil down to a simmer.
Unfortunately, the reaction to this exceeded Mieno's worst expectations. The Nikkei tumbled 50 percent within two years, and the effects resonated and dragged Japan into what economists call “the Lost Decade.”
In reality, the lost decade has lingered well beyond a decade. As things stand today, the Nikkei has not even recovered half of its value prior to the events of 1990. Today, the Nikkei 225 is below 14,000. There have been intermittent rallies since the 1990 crash, but as Martin Weiss, writing in Money and Markets notes:
Between 1995 and 1996, for example, the Nikkei Index rallied for 13 months, gaining 59.4 percent from its lows and recovering a full third of its early-1990s decline. Between 1998 and early 2000, it did even better. Its rally lasted 18 months, and the average rose 63.7 percent, recouping 37 percent of its prior decline since 1990. The biggest rally of all began in 2003. The Nikkei rose by a whopping 136 percent, from a low of 7,700 to a high of 18,157 over the course of 51 long, glorious months — only to come crashing down again to brand-new lows in the global debt crisis. (By comparison, the Nikkei's most recent rally, which began in 2012, is not nearly as impressive.)
All of these rallies coincided with re-inflation of asset bubbles in stocks and real estate. More significantly, they were all precipitated by infusions of stimulus from the Bank of Japan, coupled with the central bank trimming interest rates down to zero. Additionally, consumers abandoned savings and spent extravagantly during the ephemeral market rallies. During these rallies there was periodic (and short lived) perceived growth in the national GDP and upticks in employment.
There are some differences between the American economy and Japan's economy, but the big picture is alarming. Day after day, we hear from pundits and economic reporters that the economy is on the upswing. There is no inflation, the job market is getting better by the day, the stock market is rallying, and housing is on the rebound. Our GDP's annual growth rate, as measured from November of last year to the end of January, is up, though the government's final growth estimate dropped from 3.2 to 2 percent.
Most investors aren't fooled by this. Nor are the banks. BofA, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs and the rest have all downgraded their projections for Q1 2014 to between 1.6 and 1.9 GDP on an annual basis.
A curious cycle repeats itself from month to month. Fictitious reports are issued about growth in retail, hiring, and an economic rebound, no doubt intended to be a self-fulfilling prophecy, and then the real numbers show up like party-crashers to spoil all the bragging we have done.
The reality is far different from the official reports. Several key U.S. tech stocks began slumping in March as the Fed scaled back quantitative easing (QE), prompting investors to lock in profits. Tesla Motors fell 6 percent, Facebook declined 5 percent, and Amazon.com slipped 4 percent. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index is down 3.1 percent this month, while the S&P is down 2.6 percent, recording the largest drop for both since 2012. The Dow dropped 410 points for the week, closing at 16,026. Facebook, Netflix, Twitter, JPMorgan Chase & Co and the Biotech index are off sharply. The downturn spread to Japan, with SoftBank and other smartphone-related shares being sold Friday.
So, what is this? Just profit taking, the precursor to a major correction, or the first hints of a “Baburu Keizai” burst?
If the inflation numbers the government is reporting are as fabricated and misleading as many sage economic observers believe, we may be around the corner for a Fed rate hike to coincide with tapering of QE4. It is hard to picture that plane making a smooth landing. That could be when these overvalued stocks and real estate crash again, leading to a double dip.
The Japanese can take us to school on irrational exuberance.
This is one of those tough ones. Toronto's Arc Productions is closed. We were sent a photo just now of a notice taped up to the front door, courtesy of www.torontovfxjobs.com
UPDATE (August 5, 2016): The Globe and Mail has the most comprehensive coverage so far of the facts leading up to Arc's closure. It's behind a paywall, but Mark Mayerson has summed up fairly well on his blog. Mark's been sharing his very balanced assessment of the situation here and here. I'd encourage you all to go have a read.
Original post:
Employees are receiving emails notifying them of the situation as we speak, and were informed on Friday of a “pay glitch” that prevented them from being paid per the usual schedule.
This is really tough, and will affect a lot of people. We'll share info as we get it.
UPDATES: Joe Raasch is doing an amazing job of sharing job posts and opportunities: http://www.torontovfxjobs.com/blog/2016/8/1/arc-productions-closes
Other news outlets are picking up the story, but there's no real new info.
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/toronto-s-arc-productions-files-for-bankruptcy-locks-out-employees-1.3703913
Thankfully, there's a lot of work to be had right now, and many of those let go will be fielding offers as we speak. But 500 or so employees is a lot for the Toronto market to handle, and Arc paid well. Matching those salaries will be difficult.
People are sharing job posts online, and this is another example of how a community comes together to help each other out.
There's the question of wages, and the note in the photograph provides a couple of email addresses that people can use to pursue that at Deloitte Restructuring Inc, the interim receiver.
Warren Leung: waleung@deloitte.ca
Jay Tailor: jtailor@deloitte.ca
Paul Casey: paucasey@deloitte.ca
More news as we have it.
Abstract
In the eighth section of Andal's Nacciyar Tirumoli, a woman calls to the clouds and bids them to take a message of love to her delinquent lover, Vishnu, here figured as the lord of Venkatam. In the opening verse of the decad, she begins by plaintively questioning the clouds of her beloved's whereabouts only to end with a bitter complaint about her sullied womanhood -- pen-nirmai. Bracketed by her eager questions -- "has the lord of Venkatam come with you" -- and her bitter complaint -- "how does this bring him pride" -- is the landscape of her body. Her tears are waterfalls, her breasts mountains, and just as the waterfalls erode the soil from the mountain slopes, her tears erase her womanhood. The black mark against the unrepentant divine lover is not just her (implied) lost chastity, but the gradual corrosion of her very self.
HOUSEHOLDERS have told of their anger over claims that Scotland's water agency was slow to respond to a contamination scare.
Around 6000 residents and businesses in parts of North Lanarkshire were warned not to drink, wash with or even boil water from their taps after reports of murky brown supplies, which smelled of fuel. It is feare the disruption will continue until the weekend.
Nine schools remain closed and homes and businesses in Carfin, Newarthill, Chapelhall, New Stevenston and Dalziel Park have been advised to use tap water only for flushing toilets.
Scottish Water, which said it had responded as quickly as possible, said initial investigations found there was an "oily substance" in the network.
The firm detected the problem late on Wednesday and worked through the night to deliver bottled water to affected homes.
Employees also set up bottled water distribution points - giving out more than 250,000 litres - which were packed out with people throughout the day.
Residents said they noticed issues with the water supply on Wednesday afternoon and were concerned that action was not taken sooner.
Janice Clifford, 56, from Carfin, said: "I really don't think they responded quick enough.
"My daughter phoned up at about 5.30pm because she noticed the water was murky when she was running a bath for her kids and Scottish Water told her it was fine.
"They said just to let the water run until it was clear. Then you get a leaflet in the morning saying: don't even wash your clothes with it this morning. She could have put the kids in that bath.
"It was definitely a slow response."
Anne McSorley, 67, said: "I only found out in the morning when my neighbour warned me. I'm worried it will carry on for days."
Peter Farrer, chief operating officer for Scottish Water, advised people to go to their doctor if they were concerned about the effects of the contaminated supplies.
He said: "People will be concerned but we've not heard of anybody with any illness. If they are concerned in any way they need to go and speak to their GP."
A spokesman said they responded as quickly and efficiently as possible.
See What These LGBQ Moms Love Most About Being Parents
Being a mother is the toughest job in the world; arguably even more difficult if you're a gay, lesbian, bisexual, or queer mom. Aside from packing lunches and imparting morals, LGBQ moms have to field questions that straight mothers don't encounter — "Why do I have two mommies?" — and sometimes plan very strategically to make their parenting dreams come true. But as any child of an LGBQ mom can attest, that means they are often loved that much more.
In honor of Mother's Day, we wanted to give LGBQ moms a chance to talk, since they often have to do so much listening. Specifically, we wanted to know what they love best about being parents. (Stay tuned for a special article spotlighting trans moms.) Here are their stories:
“Gavin is three and a half now. The best ... doesn't exist at this age. Some days are awful, but many are loving and fun. Did we mention he's 3? He has new things to share every single day, and it really doesn't get old — but his defiance and inability to listen does rather quickly. His personality has really emerged in the last year, and it's awesome. He's clever, and that is just hilarious sometimes. Recently he's taken to using new words like 'interesting,' 'distracting,' and the best: 'magnificent.' He likes to ask, 'If I turn the music all the way up, will it be distracting to your reading?' or 'I see something interesting!' The latest in regard to the museum in our town: 'My museum is just so magnificent.' Heit; it's amazing and it's wonderful.
"And it's terrifying. We get scared about whether we are doing the best for him, and we wonder if he has enough freedom to just be himself, all while we're trying to protect him from all things ugly in the world. Sometimes we find ourselves crying over how beautiful his mind and heart are in this giant world. Then we remember he's the best source of perspective. He's always on hand with some piece of preschool wisdom that we, as adults, have forgotten how to access. He shows us every day the beauty in the world. So the best part is simply Gavin.” — Catherine Bertrand
Pages
It's early in the second quarter of Game 4 of the Heat's playoff series against the Raptors, Miami's Joe Johnson holds the ball a step inside the three-point arc, defended by Toronto's Patrick Patterson.
“Take him, Joe!” a fan yells from the upper level of AmericanAirlines Arena.
Johnson does not “take” Patterson. Instead, he stops on a dime and fires a no-look bounce pass to a cutting Tyler Johnson, who finishes through contact for the basket and a foul.
“I've played many different roles in my 15-year career,” Johnson said after Game 4. “I enjoy it. … I love it.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Johnson took on a different role when he joined the Heat, but he's still finding ways to impact the game at the most important moments.
In the past, Johnson has been the focal point of his team's offense. He averaged 18 shots per game and made six All-Star teams during seven seasons in Atlanta, and he has made a league-leading seven buzzer-beaters during the past 10 years.
SHARE COPY LINK Johnson had 15 points, two rebounds and two blocks in the Heat's 94-87 win. May 9, 2016.
In Miami, Johnson is not the primary offensive option. Instead, he's doing the little things, making a dazzling no-look pass or delivering an unexpected big-time block.
After blocking three shots in his first 34 games with the Heat, Johnson delivered two key rejections early in Monday's overtime period, keeping the Raptors off the scoreboard until the Heat found its offensive footing.
2Blocks by Johnson in overtime of Monday's Game 4 win. Johnson had just three blocks in his first 34 games with the Heat.
“We thought Joe was underrated as an on-ball defender,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said after Game 4. “Because of his length and his size, he can guard multiple positions. … He really stepped up with some big plays defensively.”
Said Johnson: “I take the challenge defensively of guarding my guy. I never want to be a liability on either end of the floor.”
We thought Joe was underrated as an on-ball defender. Because of his length and his size, he can guard multiple positions. … He really stepped up with some big plays defensively. Erik Spoelstra, Heat coach
In this series, Johnson has been a liability from beyond the three-point arc, where he has missed all 13 of his attempts through four games.
The Raptors know this, so with the clock ticking down in overtime and the Heat leading by two, Patterson gave Johnson room to fire a long-range shot he has made countless times throughout his career.
“Considering that I haven't made a three all series,” Johnson said, “I just wanted to be aggressive. Either get to the basket or get in the paint, kick it out, and make a play.”
Johnson got in the paint and kicked it out to Goran Dragic, who drove to the basket for the clinching score.
As unselfish as Johnson has been, he's still capable of making a big-time shot. He pivoted through a double-team early in the fourth quarter for an and-one that gave Miami a brief 67-66 lead. He drained a fall-away jumper over the side of the backboard to extend the Heat's lead to 87-83 two minutes into overtime.
Toronto expects Johnson to make those clutch baskets. As a member of the Brooklyn Nets, he made six in a row in the fourth quarter of a Game 7 victory over the Raptors. Earlier this season, he scored 28 points in Toronto, his highest output in a Heat uniform.
Johnson has not reached the conference finals since 2005, when he was a 23-year-old member of the Phoenix Suns recovering from a broken orbital bone. As he makes his ninth consecutive postseason appearance, it's not about the scoring.
“I just always want to be effective when I'm out there,” Johnson said.
He will be even more effective if his outside shooting touch returns, but until it does, Johnson remains focused on the little things and hopes his new supporting role can take him back to basketball's biggest stage.
Liberal propagandist Michael Moore, an aging whacko who increasingly resembles ten pounds of shit crammed into a one-pound bag went into meltdown mode after a tweet by President Trump mocked his Broadway bomb.
The morbidly obese Moore has seen his star dim considerably over the last several months after his mobs of useful idiot slackers returned to form and stopped turning out to organized protests against Trump and then his overblown one-man play failed to live up to expectations.
You have to give it to the POTUS in that he sure knows how to needle these whining hypocritical leftists and that he did with a Twitter missive on Sunday morning:
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 28, 2017
The hypersensitive fat man didn't take kindly to Trump's mocking of his widely panned one-man show “The Terms of My Surrender” which was just reported to have been a mega-bomb. The play was just Moore regurgitating the same tired attacks on Trump but it was loved by all of the Hollywood liberals who made their pilgrimage to Mecca to be seen with the New York cultural elite and participate in the director's stupid liberal tricks.
Trump clearly struck a nerve given the response from the snorting porker who went on an Olbermanesque Twitter diatribe defending his shitty show.
2) Today, 1 U.S. service member was killed & 6 injured in our never-ending war in Afghanistan. You,our President, are not even aware of this — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 29, 2017
4) Prosecutor Mueller's GrandJury has just approved the 1st criminal indictments of your administration. R u trying 2 distract us from this? — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 29, 2017
6) They say Twitter "distracts" you from your presidency. But Twitter IS YOUR PRESIDENCY! It's all you know how to do. #LOSER! — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 29, 2017
8) It was the highest grossing play (non-musical) of the summer, despite my offering $29 cheap seats + free student tix so ALL could afford. — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 29, 2017
10) On Broadway, Donald, they call it a "LIMITED ENGAGEMENT" — just like we're planning on making your presidency. — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 29, 2017
11) For now, at least, I know I still have one fan in the White House (thx for your unwavering support, Jared!) pic.twitter.com/mTwLxW4KgR — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 29, 2017
But despite Moore's plaintive wailings, the show was the recipient of bad reviews including from such anti-Trump publications as the Washington Post and New York Times and failed to meet expectations in terms of ticket revenue. In short, it was a stinkeroo, much like Moore's films have become as his profiteering off of attacking the capitalist system that made him a multimillionaire with ten houses have been.
Way back in the day and despite his liberalism, Moore actually did relevant work but as a man who has always resembled the fat out of a can of pork and beans became assimilated with the Democratic party, the product became as insufferable as the director.
Trump's tweet clearly hit Moore where it hurts and he will forever be haunted by it while Trump gets over on the buffoons on the left again.
BELTON, Mo. -- A man has been charged after Belton police say he fired shots at an officer.
Isaac Cotton Jr. has been charged with one count of first-degree assault or attempt - serious physical injury or special victim, and one count of armed criminal action.
His bond has been set at $150,000, according to Belton police.
According to the Belton Police Department, an officer attempted to stop a vehicle for a busted tail light Saturday night, but the driver refused to stop.
When the suspect vehicle finally stopped, the suspect got out of the vehicle and fired 3-6 shots at the officer.
“The suspect exited the vehicle and opened fire on the officer, the officer did not return fire,” said Lt. Travis George, with Belton Police.
Belton police said the officer was not hit and is doing fine. The suspect, identified by police as Isaac Dwyane Cotton Jr., 24, fled the area on foot.
The incident triggered a massive law enforcement response from across the area.
“We don't have incidents like this every day," Lt. George said. "This is a large metropolitan area. We are prone to an instance like this just like we would in Kansas City or Lee's Summit, Grandview or Independence."
Cotton Jr. was taken into custody overnight Saturday.
I am always incredibly happy to get more females into the gym. For a long time, I was the only female who was training here long-term, until Katy turned up last year. You can read more about Katy and what her presence in the gym has meant for both of us in The Joys of Having a Female Training Partner: Part 1.
Thankfully, there have been quite a few more girls as of late. One of them is Sarah Chung. Sarah got in touch with me just two weeks after I set up Under the Ropes in August last year. She was in a very similar boat to one that I had previously found myself in, as a female who was living in Thailand and working as an English teacher, with a passion for Muay Thai and in search of the right place to train. Her first message to me read as follows:
“I actually read your guest article on Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu's 8 limbs.us blog a while back. It was really, really encouraging for me to read that post and now your blog, too. You'd said some things where I felt you were expressing my own thoughts/feelings and it is incredibly refreshing for me. I don't really have much of a Muay Thai community where I am. I am the only foreigner and female at my gym where they speak no English and my Thai is still limited, so it can get pretty lonely at certain times, especially if I'm struggling with something. So being able to read a blog like yours online, with someone expressing thoughts that echo my own and experiencing similar things helps me in a massive way. It's great to read about what you're doing, and encourages and inspires me all the more, especially as you are working as a teacher too.”
It was excellent to connect with Sarah. I felt that we had a lot in common and was eager to help her. We continued to exchange messages on a regular basis after that, and I found that she was facing some issues not only in juggling training and teaching, but within the gym she was training at. As we discussed those in further detail, I was hoping that she would be able to come to train with me at my gym, as I knew that our similar outlooks would make us great training partners. Now, nine months later, she is doing just that. In fact, she has moved into the gym and is now my next-door neighbour. Not only that, but she has secured a teaching job with the same company that I work for. It has all worked out very nicely, and I'm really happy to have nudged Sarah in the right direction and to have gained a new training partner.
Sarah wrote a blog post about her journey so far and what making the transition to our gym has meant for her, which you should also check out.
As well as Sarah, there has also been Maggie, a lovely German girl who came to the gym with her boyfriend, Bruno. Her and Sarah actually turned up to the gym on the same day to start training. I hadn't heard from Maggie before, so was pleasantly surprised to see her when I came downstairs for the morning session. As I introduced myself, Sarah said ‘she reads your blog, too‘, to which Maggie added ‘yes, that's why I'm here, actually‘.
Maggie has moved on and is now training at Lanna Muay Thai, where Sylvie of 8limbs.us trained before her recent move to Pattaya, but Sarah is here for the long haul. Before either these ladies turned up, there was another Maggie (this one was from Amsterdam, I shall refer to her as ‘Dutch Maggie'). Dutch Maggie got in touch with me to do an interview with me as part of a thesis she was writing on Muay Thai heritage for her Master's Degree. Originally, she planned to just drop by the gym once for the interview and train somewhere else. As it happened, what was supposed to be a flying visit ended up being a two-week stint of training with me, and we got along so well that we almost forgot to do the interview entirely, as we were always distracted by talking about other things. I will actually be visiting her in Amsterdam in a few weeks, as I have planned to make a detour during my holiday in the UK. I'm very much looking forward to that.
It is really lovely to hear from women like these and to connect with them via this site. My sole intention of setting up Under the Ropes was to put something out there for other women in the sport, and to have received the response that I have has been wonderful. It's also enabled me to form friendships with like-minded people that I would never have met otherwise. As an added bonus, last week, Jacqui Bogart was training with us. Jacqui is a fighter from the UK who trains under Lisa Howarth, Master Toddy's first female fighter and one of the pioneers of women's Muay Thai, at her gym, Northern Spirit in Manchester. She has both British and European titles to her name, and is currently ranked 6th in the UK for female bantamweight fighters. Although Jacqui was only with us for a week, it was lovely to have her around.
Having more women at the gym has made a nice change to my training. Of course, I enjoy training with men just as much, and get good quality of training regardless of the gender of the person I'm working with, but having other women to connect with certainly provides added benefits.
Many women can relate to the loneliness and alienation that sometimes comes with being the only female at the gym. With these ladies around, those feelings are non-existent. Their presence also provides an added, mini network of support within the gym, as we can always vocalise our thoughts or feelings about training and help each other through whatever difficulties we may be having. That's not to say that we can't do that with men, but we may be more reluctant to do so. Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu wrote about what it's like to be a female in a Muay Thai gym in her recent post, ‘Do women Have a Commitment Advantage in Muay Thai?‘ She touched on the idea that women often struggle to prove themselves or earn their places in the typically male space that is the gym. Being a lone female in that situation can be a difficult thing to deal with at times. With other women around you, that isn't the case.
I asked Katy what her thoughts were on the subject, and she responded with this:
“Some guys get uncomfortable sparring with girls, and I can't control or judge the way they feel but it often means they end up being too nice. It's awesome to train with girls because we aren't afraid to trade with each other. The best and most intense sparring I have is with women. It also feels like a privilege to be able to meet all these women, exchange stories, and be inspired by them. It pushes me to train harder and gives me a true feeling of teamwork and family.”
I understand what Katy means about men sometimes ‘being too nice' in sparring. I love sparring with all different kinds of people, but I have come across guys who've said that they ‘just don't feel comfortable hitting women'. Then, there are guys who are quite happy to smack me around the ring, and I appreciate that. When I spar with women, sometimes we'll chat and laugh all the way through sparring while simultaneously beating the shit out of each other, and other times we'll have silent, intense sessions where we'll just focus and go at it. So, it's swings and roundabouts, regardless of who you train with!
The point she makes about teamwork and family applies to everyone in the gym, but it's also great to have other women around you who just get it. There's a mutual understanding between us that comes up in various moments in training. It might be in something as small as glancing at each other from across the gym or rolling our eyes at something that someone has said, but even just the presence of another female in that environment is a comforting thing to have. We inspire, push and support each other on a daily basis, and I'm very grateful for that.
Advertisements
Anonymity's toughest adversaries are hackers with the full-force and backing of Beijing, London, and Washington, D.C.
With the threat of powerful intelligence agencies, like the NSA, looming large, researchers have built a new Tor client called Astoria designed specifically to make eavesdropping harder for the world's richest, most aggressive, and most capable spies.
Tor, the world's most popular anonymity network, works like this: A user fires up the client and connects to the network through what's called an entry node. To reach a website anonymously, the user's Internet traffic is then passed encrypted through a so-called middle relay and then an exit relay (and back again). That user-relay connection is called a circuit. The website on the receiving end doesn't know who is visiting, only that a faceless Tor user has connected.
An eavesdropper shouldn't be able to know who the Tor user is either, thanks to the encrypted traffic being routed through 6,000 nodes in the network.
But something called “timing attacks” change the situation. When an adversary takes control of both the entry and exit relays, research shows they can potentially deanonymize Tor users within minutes.
A full 58 percent of Tor circuits are vulnerable to network-level attackers, such as the NSA or Britain's Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), when they access popular websites, according to new research from American and Israeli academics. Chinese users are the most vulnerable of all to these kinds of attacks, with researchers finding 85.7 percent of all Tor circuits from the country to be vulnerable.
Even though Tor is designed to provide complete anonymity to its users, the NSA's position means they can potentially see and measure both traffic entering the Tor network and the traffic that comes out. When an intelligence agency can see both, simple statistics help an autonomous system at their control match the data up in a timing attack and discover the identity of the sender.
Anonymity over.
This kind of threat has been known to Tor developers for over a decade. They've been trying to make eavesdropping difficult for spy agencies for just as long.
To counter the threat, American-Israeli researchers built Astoria, a new Tor client focused on defeating autonomous systems that can break Tor's anonymity.
Astoria reduces the number of vulnerable circuits from 58 percent to 5.8 percent, the researchers say. The new solution is the first designed to beat even the most recently proposed asymmetric correlation attacks on Tor.
Designed to beat such attacks, Astoria differs most significantly from Tor's default client in how it selects the circuits that connect a user to the network and then to the outside Internet. The tool, at its foundation, is an algorithm designed to more accurately predict attacks and then securely select relays that mitigate timing attack opportunities for top-tier adversaries.
Astoria adroitly considers how circuits should, according to the researchers, be made “when there are no safe possibilities,” how to safely balance the growing bandwidth load across the Tor network, and how to keep Tor's performance “reasonable” and relatively fast even when Astoria is in its most secure configuration.
All this while under the unblinking gaze of the world's best intel services.
Defeating timing attacks against Tor completely isn't possible because of how Tor is built, but making the attacks more costly and less likely to succeed is a pastime that Tor developers have dedicated a decade to. Astoria follows in those footsteps.
By choosing relays based on lowering the threat of eavesdropping by autonomous systems and then choosing randomly if no safe passage is possible, Astoria aims to minimize the information gained by an adversary watching an entire circuit.
“In addition to providing high-levels of security against such attacks, Astoria also has performance that is within a reasonable distance from the current Tor client,” the researchers wrote. “Unlike other AS-aware Tor clients, Astoria also considers how circuits should be built in the worst case—i.e., when there are no safe relays that are available. Further, Astoria is a good network citizen and works to ensure that the all circuits created by it are load-balanced across the volunteer driven Tor network.”
In an upgrade aimed at making Tor even more usable for the average person, the newest Tor Browser allows a sliding scale of security that balances speed and usability with strong security preferences.
Similarly, Astoria provides multiple security options. However, it's both most effective and most usable when at its highest security level, the researchers say, so “Astoria is a usable substitute for the vanilla Tor client only in scenarios where security is a high priority.”
The Tor Project did not yet respond to our request for comment. We'll update with any response we receive.
You can read the full research paper here.
Illustration via Eric Fischer/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
process of reducing the complexity and cost of a good and its production
Frugal innovation or frugal engineering is the process of reducing the complexity and cost of a good and its production. Usually this refers to removing nonessential features from a durable good, such as a car or phone, in order to sell it in developing countries. Designing products for such countries may also call for an increase in durability[1] and, when selling the products, reliance on unconventional distribution channels.[2] When trying to sell to so-called "overlooked consumers", firms hope volume will offset razor-thin profit margins.[2] Globalization[3] and rising incomes in developing countries may also drive frugal innovation.[4] Such services and products need not be of inferior quality but must be provided cheaply.[5]
In May 2012 The Financial Times newspaper called the concept "increasingly fashionable".[6]
Several US universities have programs that develop frugal solutions. Such efforts include the Frugal Innovation Lab at Santa Clara University and a two quarter project course at Stanford University, the Entrepreneurial Design for Extreme Affordability program.[7]
Variety of terms [ edit ]
Many terms are used to refer to the concept. "Frugal engineering" was coined by Carlos Ghosn, then joint chief of Renault and Nissan, who stated, "frugal engineering is achieving more with fewer resources."[8]
In India, the words "Gandhian"[9] or "jugaad", Hindi for a stop-gap solution,[10] are sometimes used instead of "frugal". Other terms with allied meanings include "inclusive innovation", "catalytic innovation", "reverse innovation", and "BOP innovation", etc.[11]
At times this no frills approach can be a kind of disruptive innovation.[12]
History [ edit ]
Spotlighted in a 2010 article in The Economist,[13] the roots of this concept may lie in the appropriate technology movement of the 1950s[11] although profits may have been first wrung from underserved consumers in the 1980s when multinational companies like Unilever began selling single-use-sized toiletries in developing countries.[2] Frugal innovation today isn't solely the domain of large, multinational corporations, however, as small, local firms have themselves chalked up a number of homegrown solutions.[14] While General Electric may win plaudits for its US$800 EKG machines, cheap cell phones made by local, no-name companies,[10][14] and prosthetic legs fashioned from irrigation piping[15] are also examples of frugal innovation.
The concept has gained popularity in the South Asian region,[3] particularly in India.[1][16] The US Department of Commerce has singled out this nation for its innovative achievements saying in 2012, "there are many Indian firms that have learned to conduct R&D in highly resource-constrained environments and who have found ways to use locally appropriate technology..."[17]
Notable innovations [ edit ]
An Indian woman using her Nokia 1100
Frugal innovation is not limited to durable goods such as the GE US$800 EKG machine, Reliance Jio's JioPhone or the US$100 One Laptop Per Child but also services such as 1-cent-per-minute phone calls, mobile banking, off-grid electricity, and microfinance.[3]
ChotuKool fridge
A tiny refrigerator sold by Indian company Godrej, the ChotuKool may have more in common with computer cooling systems than other refrigerators; it eschews the traditional compressor for a computer fan.[2] (It may exploit the thermoelectric effect.)
Foldscope
Designed to cost no more than a dollar, the Foldscope is a tough origami microscope assembled from a sheet of paper and a lens.[18] The Stanford engineer responsible more recently developed a string-and-cardboard contraption that can function similar to $1,000 centrifuges.[19]
Jaipur leg
A low-cost prosthetic developed in India, the Jaipur leg costs about $150 to manufacture and includes improvisations such as incorporating irrigation piping into the design to lower costs.[15]
Mobile banking
Mobile banking solutions in Africa, like Safaricom's M-Pesa, allow people access to basic banking services from their mobile phones.[20] Money transfers done through mobiles are also much cheaper than using a traditional method.[21] While basic banking can be done on a mobile alone, deposits and withdrawals of cash necessitate a trip to a local agent.[22]
Nokia 1100
Designed for developing countries, the Nokia 1100 was basic, durable, and–besides a flashlight–had few features other than voice and text.[23] Selling more than 200 million units only four years after its 2003 introduction[23] made it one of the best selling phones of all time.[24]
Sorghum beer
In Africa, several companies including SABMiller and Diageo, following in the footsteps of local home brewers,[25] have made beer more affordable by using sorghum or cassava in place of malting barley and reducing packaging costs by using kegs instead of bottles.[26]
Solar light bulb
In some Philippine slums, solar skylights made from one liter soda bottles filled with water and bleach can provide light equivalent to that produced by a 55 watt bulb and may reduce electricity bills by US$10 per month.[27]
Tata Nano
Designed to appeal to the many Indians who drive motorcycles, the Tata Nano was developed by Indian conglomerate Tata Group and is the cheapest car in the world.[28]
See also [ edit ]
In the media [ edit ]
In 2014, Navi Radjou delivered a talk at TED Global[29] on frugal innovation.
In 2015, Navi Radjou and Jaideep Prabhu coauthored the book Frugal Innovation: How to Do More With Less'[30] published worldwide by The Economist. The book explains the principles, perspectives and techniques behind frugal innovation, enabling managers to profit from the great changes ahead.
Phil Ivey Wins Historic Ninth Gold Bracelet in 2013 WSOP Asia Pacific Event #3
April 10, 2013 Brett Collson
The great Johnny Moss has some company in the World Series of Poker record books.
On Wednesday, Phil Ivey tied Moss for fourth all-time by winning his ninth WSOP bracelet at the inaugural World Series of Poker Asia Pacific at Crown Casino in Melbourne, Australia. Ivey defeated Brandon Wong in a grueling heads-up match to win the $2,200 Mixed Event for a top prize worth AUD$51,840 — a number which likely has little meaning to one of poker's all-time earners. Ivey's entire focus during the three-day event was the ninth gold bracelet that eluded him five times during last summer's World Series of Poker in Las Vegas.
Ivey now sits tied for fourth behind Phil Hellmuth (13 bracelets), Doyle Brunson (10) and Johnny Chan (10) for the most prestigious mark in tournament poker. All nine of his bracelets have come in non-hold'em games, further demonstrating his dominance across all variants of poker.
WSOP APAC Event #3 Final Table Results
Place Player Prize (AUD$) 1 Phil Ivey $51,840 2 Brandon Wong $32,039 3 Graeme "Kiwi G" Putt $22,427 4 Daniel Negreanu $16,336 5 Rob Campbell $12,020 6 Kevin Song $8,978
Ivey began the day with the chip lead and his good friend Daniel Negreanu was close behind, but it was Wong who started quickly out of the gate. He vaulted near the top of the leaderboard with the elimination of WSOP bracelet winner Kevin Song during the first pot-limit Omaha round of the day. With the blinds at 800/1,600, Graeme Putt min-raised to 3,200 and he got three callers in Negreanu, Wong and Song. On the flop, Wong checked and Song led out for 11,000 Putt and Negreanu folded, but Wong fired back with a pot-sized raise to 45,800. Song contemplated his next move for more than a minute before deciding to call. The fell on the turn and Wong moved all in. Song called and discovered that he was in bad shape.
Song:
Wong:
Wong made a straight on the turn and was out in front of the two pair of Song. The on the river brought an end to Song's tournament, and he exited in sixth place for AUD$8,978.
Wong continued to amass chip early on by sending Rob Campbell to the rail in fifth place. During seven-card stud hi/lo, Campbell committed his last 1,100 chips showing the and Putt, Ivey and Wong came along. Wong bet out 3,000 on fourth and only Ivey called, and Ivey then bet 6,000 on fifth showing . Wong called with the up. Ivey and Wong both checked on sixth, and they did the same on seventh. Wong flipped over , which was good enough to beat Ivey and Campbell. Campbell was sent to the rail in fifth place for AUD$12,020, and only four players remained.
Negreanu entered the final table in good shape to win his fifth WSOP bracelet, but his run ended in fourth place, and again it was Wong who handled the dirty work. Playing pot-limit Omaha, Negreanu raised to 4,500, and Wong put in a three-bet worth 14,500. Action folded back to Negreanu and he called to see a flop of . Action continued to apply pressure by betting 18,500 and Negreanu called. The turn was the and Wong bet enough to put Negreanu all-on. "Kid Poker" called quickly, and the cards went on their backs.
Wong:
Negreanu:
Wong was in the lead with top two pairs, but Negreanu had straight and flush draws. With his tournament life hanging in the balance, the fell on the river to send Negreanu out in fourth place for $16,336. Negreanu hasn't won a WSOP bracelet since 2008, but he'll have one last shot in Australia when the Main Event kicks off on Thursday.
Wong's assault raged on when he knocked out Graeme Putt in third place. During the seven-card stud round, Ivey brought it in with the , Wong completed showing the and Putt raised with the up. Only Wong called, and he proceeded to call Putt's on fourth, fifth and sixth streets, with Putt committing the rest of his stack on sixth. Wong called revealed a wheel , leaving Putt drawing dead. Putt, who also made the final table of Event #1 here in Melbourne, collected $22,427 for his third place finish.
Brandon Wong
That left Wong and Ivey playing heads-up with poker history on the line. The two players exchanged the chip lead numerous times over the next few hours without committing their entire stack. Wong took a nearly four-to-one lead into Level 21, but Ivey won a big pot during the 2-7 triple draw round to cut the lead in half. Two hands later Ivey reclaimed the lead by winning a massive no-limit hold'em hand.
With the blinds at 2,000/4,000, Wong raised to 10,500 on the button and Ivey re-popped it to 31,000. Brandon Wong called and the two players saw a flop of . Ivey maintained the lead by betting 40,000 and Wong called, bringing the on the turn. Ivey moved all-in for around 105,000, sending Wong into the tank for several minutes. Eventually, Wong laid down his hand, and Ivey regained the lead by a slim margin.
Ivey extended his lead over the next several rounds before final Wong doubled up during the no-limit hold'em round. Wong was all-in with and Ivey called with . The flop brought a pair of nines for Wong, and his pair held up through the turn and river to give him close to 200,000 in chips. He then picked up a big pot on the next hand, pushing him back in front.
But Ivey battled back, eventually grinding Wong down to a few big bets before securing the title during the 2-7 triple draw lowball round. Ivey dominated the triple draw round all day, so it was only fitting that he closed the tournament playing that variant.
That concludes our coverage of Event #3 here at the WSOP Asia Pacific at Crown Casino. Stay tuned to PokerNews.com for tournament reports, interviews and feature stories from the 2013 WSOP APAC from Melbourne, Australia!
Lead photo c/o Shannon Morris for Crown/WSOP
Get all the latest PokerNews updates on your social media outlets. Follow us on Twitter and find us both Facebook and Google+!
Police have released the details of a domestic incident on Sunday that ended with a West Virginia man taking his own life on Interstate 99 in Bedford County.
Eric J. Larew, 38, of Tunnelton, W.Va., shot himself during a traffic stop on the southbound lanes of Interstate 99 at mile marker 9.4 near Bedford on Sunday after fleeing a Freedom Township gas station where police say he put a gun to his wife's head during a domestic incident.
Freedom Township Police Chief Terry Dellinger said he was dispatched to the GetGo on Traveler's Road at 12:39 p.m. for a report of a weapon. Dellinger said Larew's wife told him he had found her at a nearby Taco Bell and confronted her and that he had their two daughters, ages 17 and 20, with him in his truck.
Larew and his wife talked briefly, and Larew put a handgun to his wife's head before one of the daughters intervened, Dellinger said. Larew and the two daughters then drove off.
While Dellinger was on scene, Greenfield Township police were on the lookout for Larew's truck headed south on I-99. Larew's truck was spotted about 1 p.m. and he was pulled over at mile marker 9.4 in King Township, Bedford County.
Dellinger said it was then that a single shot was fired, and Larew was found to have shot himself. Neither of his daughters were injured.
State police in Bedford said Tuesday they are investigating the incident as a suicide.
Mirror Staff Writer Greg bock is at 946-7458.
THE GREYHOUND had been thrashing about in the north Atlantic storm for over a week. Its canvas sails were ripped, and the wood on one side of the ship had been torn away and splintered. The sailors had little hope of survival, but they mechanically worked the pumps, trying to keep the vessel afloat. On the eleventh day of the storm, sailor John Newton was too exhausted to pump, so he was tied to the helm and tried to hold the ship to its course. From one o'clock until midnight he was at the helm. With the storm raging fiercely, Newton had time to think. His life seemed as ruined and wrecked as the battered ship he was trying to steer through the storm. Since the age of eleven he had lived a life at sea. Sailors were not noted for the refinement of their manners, but Newton had a reputation for profanity, coarseness, and debauchery which even shocked many a sailor. He was known as "The Great Blasphemer." He sank so low at one point that he was even a servant to slaves in Africa for a brief period. His mother had prayed he would become a minister and had early taught him the Scriptures and Isaac Watts' Divine Songs for Children. Some of those early childhood teachings came to mind now. He remembered Proverbs 1:24-31, and in the midst of that storm, those verses seemed to confirm Newton in his despair:
Because I have called, and ye refused . . . ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof: I also laughed at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh: when your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish come upon you. Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer. Newton had rejected his mother's teachings and had led other sailors into unbelief. Certainly he was beyond hope and beyond saving, even if the Scriptures were true. Yet, Newton's thoughts began to turn to Christ. He found a New Testament and began to read. Luke 11:13 seemed to assure him that God might still hear him: "If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him."
Deliverance
That day at the helm, March 21, 1748, was a day Newton remembered ever after, for "On that day the Lord sent from on high and delivered me out of deep waters." Many years later, as an old man, Newton wrote in his diary of March 21, 1805: "Not well able to write; but I endeavor to observe the return of this day with humiliation, prayer, and praise." Only God's amazing grace could and would take a rude, profane, slave-trading sailor and transform him into a child of God. Newton never ceased to stand in awe of God's work in his life.
New directions
Though Newton continued in his profession of sailing and slave-trading for a time, his life was transformed. He began a disciplined schedule of Bible study, prayer, and Christian reading and tried to be a Christian example to the sailors under his command. Philip Doddridge's The Rise and Progress of Religion in the Soul provided much spiritual comfort, and a fellow-Christian captain he met off the coast of Africa guided Newton further in his Christian faith.
Newton left slave-trading and took the job of tide surveyor at Liverpool, but he began to think he had been called to the ministry. His mother's prayers for her son were answered, and in 1764, at the age of thirty-nine, John Newton began forty-three years of preaching the Gospel of Christ.
John and his beloved wife Mary (At the end of his life John would write that their love "equaled all that the writers of romance have imagined") moved to the little market town of Olney. He spent his mornings in Bible study and his afternoons in visiting his parishioners. There were regular Sunday morning and afternoon services as well as meetings for children and young people. There was also a Tuesday evening prayer meeting which was always well attended.
The world's most famous hymn
For the Sunday evening services, Newton often composed a hymn which developed the lessons and Scripture for the evening. In 1779, two hundred and eighty of these were collected and combined with sixty-eight hymns by Newton's friend and parishioner, William Cowper, and published as the Olney Hymns. The most famous of all the Olney Hymns, "Faith's Review and Expectation," grew out of David's exclamation in I Chronicle 17:16-17. We know it today as "Amazing Grace." Several others of the Olney hymns by Newton continue in use today, including "How Sweet the Name of Jesus Sounds," and "Glorious Things of Thee are Spoken."
Rector reveals evils of slavery
In 1779 Newton left Olney to become rector of St. Mary Woolnoth in London. His ministry included not only the London poor and the merchant class but also the wealthy and influential. William Wilberforce, a member of Parliament and a prime mover in the abolition of slavery, was strongly influenced by John Newton's life and preaching. Newton's Thoughts on the African Slave Trade, based on his own experiences as a slave trader, was very important in securing British abolition of slavery. Missionaries William Carey and Henry Martyn also gained strength from Newton's counsel.
Newton lived to be eighty-two years old and continued to preach and have an active ministry until beset by fading health in the last two or three years of his life. Even then, Newton never ceased to be amazed by God's grace and told his friends, "My memory is nearly gone; but I remember two things: That I am a great sinner, and that Christ is a great Savior."
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - A driver suspected of driving drunk and causing a crash that caused a South Bay boy to have head injuries was deported to Mexico 15 times in the past, according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Constantino Banda-Acosta was arrested Saturday night for the suspected DUI crash at Dairy Mart Road and Camino de la Plaza in San Ysidro. A passenger who was with him was also arrested.
RELATED: Mayor: San Diego isn't a 'sanctuary city'
Benjamin Lake, his wife Ingrid and their 6-year-old son Lennox were on their way home from Disneyland, and Lake says Banda drove his truck through a stop sign and hit their car.
RELATED: Trip home from Disneyland ends in disaster
Lennox is currently at Rady Children's Hospital with severe injuries.
ICE Public Affairs Officer Lauren Mack released a statement Tuesday about Banda-Acosta:
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has lodged a detainer against Mr. Banda seeking to take him into custody if and when he is released by local authorities to pursue additional immigration enforcement action and/or criminal prosecution. Department of Homeland Security databases indicate Mr. Banda-Acosta has been repatriated to Mexico at least 15 times since 2002, most recently in January 2017.
Banda-Acosta's estranged wife, who did not want to give her identity, said he was deported on January 10 and showed up at their home in Chula Vista on January 20.
RELATED: List of Sanctuary Cities 2017
10News learned Banda has a criminal record that includes two arrests on domestic violence charges in Chula Vista. His most recent arrest was on January 9, 2017.
UPDATE: ICE confirms hit and run driver who hurt child has been deported AT LEAST 15 times since 2002 @10News pic.twitter.com/caz8KgvxlF — Rachel Bianco (@10NewsRBianco) May 9, 2017
RELATED: Records: Crash suspect cited for DUI in the past
Continuing our new series of collaborations with political science journals, we are pleased to present the following guest post from Tufts University political scientists (and blogger for Foreign Policy magazine) Daniel Drezner to discuss his article “Military Primacy Doesn't Pay (Nearly As Much As You Think)” that appears in the current issue of International Security. In conjunction with this post, MIT Press will make the article freely available to all for the next 30 days; you can download it here.
*****
For the past generation, U.S. military hegemony has been a concrete fact of life in world politics. The coming austerity to the defense budget has triggered anxiety from some quarters of the U.S. national security community. Advocates for a large military argue that the world is safer and more prosperous today precisely because of the United States' outsized security capacities and deep engagement with the rest of the world. Critics, however, have long questioned whether military preeminence yields the benefits claimed by proponents. Given the unchallenged military supremacy of the United States, some argue that is natural to target cuts in defense spending after a decade of dramatic budgetary increases. While these debates over the economic merits and demerits of military predominance are common in policy circles, there is less discussion about their theoretical and empirical foundations. What can international relations scholarship say about the relative economic benefits of military primacy?
This article evaluates whether the economic benefits of military preeminence and deep engagement are as great as advertised. This evaluation proceeds by analyzing the most plausible arguments put forward for how military primacy can yield economic returns – and then assessing what the scholarly literature and evidence can conclude about those causal mechanisms. There are three plausible pathways: The “geoeconomic favoritism” argument posits that private capital will gravitate towards the military superpower because it provides the greatest security and safety to investors. The “geopolitical favoritism” argument is sovereign states, in return for living under the security umbrella of the military superpower, voluntarily transfer resources to help subsidize the costs of hegemony. Finally, the “public goods” logic argues that a unipolar distribution of military power is most likely to lead the provision of global public goods that accelerate global economic growth and reduce security tensions. These public goods benefit the hegemon as much if not more so than other actors.
After reviewing the evidence, each of these arguments is less empirically persuasive than is commonly articulated in policy circles. There is little evidence that primacy yields appreciable geoeconomic gains. The private sector responds positively to a country's military capability, but only up to a point; military primacy is hardly a prerequisite for attracting trade and investment. The evidence for geopolitical favoritism is also modest. Geopolitical favoritism does occur, but only during periods of bipolarity. Economic exchange is actually less correlated with security ties under conditions of unipolarity. The evidence for public goods benefits is strongest; military primacy does appear to be an important adjunct to the creation of an open global economy and a reduction in militarized disputes and security rivalries. Military supremacy is only one component of unipolarity, however. A decline in the hegemon's economic power undercuts many of unipolarity's posited benefits. It is only full-spectrum unipolarity that yields appreciable economic gains. At a minimum, therefore, this article suggests that the economic benefits from military predominance alone have been exaggerated in policy and scholarly circles. The principal benefits that come with military primacy appear to flow only when coupled with economic primacy.
There are clear implications for U.S. foreign policy and fiscal policy. When applying the lessons from this analysis to U.S. grand strategy, the prescription seems clear; an overreliance on military preponderance is badly misguided. Again, it is not that military power is useless, it is that the law of diminishing marginal returns has kicked in. The United States would profit more from investing in nonmilitary power resources than in more military assets. An excessive reliance on military might, to the exclusion of other dimensions of power, well yield negative returns. Without a revived economy – and the global recognition of a renaissance in American economic power – the United States runs the risk of strategic insolvency. The United States needs to focus primarily on policies that will rejuvenate economic growth, accelerate job creation, and promote greater innovation and productivity. If the U.S. economy is perceived to be rebounding, then the biggest economic benefits that have been hypothesized to flow from military predominance will be preserved. As policymakers must choose between maintaining a large military and taking steps towards fiscal solvency, the results in this paper point strongly towards deeper cuts in defense expenditures.
A New Zealand leader has visited Fiji for the first time since a military coup there a decade ago, although it's clear that political tensions remain.
The visit by Prime Minister John Key was an attempt to improve relations after Fiji held democratic elections in 2014.
Key and his Fijian counterpart Voreqe Bainimarama met for formal talks Friday.
Bainimarama said during a welcome speech Thursday that the "strains and irritants" between the countries in recent years provided a textbook case on how not to conduct friendly relationships between neighboring governments.
He said the relationship was now being "reinvigorated and redefined" after a period of estrangement.
Bainimarama also offered thanks to New Zealand for helping out after February's Cyclone Winston, which killed 44 people and destroyed thousands of homes.
HTC One (E8) now available at Sprint for $99.99
A couple of weeks ago a leaked video told us that the HTC One (E8) would be headed to Sprint in the US, and today the carrier has announced that the smartphone is available for order.
So you can already go ahead to Sprint's website and purchase the One (E8) in either Polar White or Misty Gray.
The price you'll need to pay for this handset varies based on what method you choose. If you want to go the traditional two-year contract route, it will set you back $99.99.
If you want to use Sprint's Easy Pay installment plan, you shell out nothing upfront, then followed by 23 monthly payments of $20.84 and a final 24th payment of $20.67.
The HTC One (E8) comes with a 5-inch 1080p Super LCD3 touchscreen, a 13 MP rear camera with LED flash, as well as a 5 MP front snapper for selfies.
It's powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 chipset with a 2.3 GHz quad-core CPU, aided by 2GB of RAM. Internal storage is 16GB, expandable via microSD cards. LTE support is obviously in tow, and a 2,600 mAh battery keeps things juiced up. The One (E8) runs Android 4.4 KitKat.
Interestingly, the official press renders show that Sprint hasn't added its logo anywhere on the device.
Source
Since I began talking about the Go programming language I've been asked why I like it so much. This post is a response to those questions. For those of you who don't know, Go is a fairly new compiled programming language designed for concurrency and modern hardware architectures.
At the core of all of the reasons for liking Go is that it is an engineered language. Some programming languages I've used were hacked together over time. Others were created academically. And still others were designed in a different age of computing with different problems, hardware, and needs. At the heart of Go is that it was engineered to solve problems with existing languages and tools while natively taking advantage of modern hardware architectures.
Avoiding Silly Arguments
When a coding project moves beyond one developer style immediately becomes part of the conversation and can often shift to a debate. For an example, just look at the PHP community, the number of coding standards, and the discussions around them.
In the documentation called Effective Go. It notes that,
Formatting issues are the most contentious but the least consequential.
Go handles this in two ways. First, Effective Go provides formatting guidelines and commenting guidelines. There is no need to debate between tabs and spaces because there is already a guideline. Second, go provides a command to format code to follow the guidelines. It's as easy as using go fmt .
A Tool Chain
Writing code is more than just writing the code and executing it. There are elements like documentation, testing, package management, and more. These elements are even more important when different libraries or packages need to work together. Thankfully, Go has solutions out of the box for these. Here are a few examples:
When the code is commented per the guidelines go doc can be used to get the documentation for anything in a codebase. go doc is the PHPDoc, JavaDoc, or Doxygen of Go. It can get documentation at the command line, it can generate a website (golang.org is powered by it), and more. And, if you follow these guidelines in a project it is compatible with GoDoc, a documentation site for projects on Github, Google Code, etc. Testing is built right into the core of Go. In the document How to Write Go Code there is a section on testing using go test . This is one of the easiest testing setups I've ever used. Modern applications are made up of many packagers. The rise of package management tools over the past several years has really shown this off. Go has built-in package management that works with git, Github, Mercurial, and so much more. For example, if I want to parse and work with html5 documents in Go I could get the library being used by the Go team at Google with go get code.google.com/p/go.net/html . To learn more about this read up on go get . Almost all software development is maintenance. Very rarely do we get to start a new project. Even feature additions to an existing project are maintenance because we live in the current code debt of the project. When a pattern or way of doing something changes in a codebase it can be hard to keep a codebase consistent. Often we can end up with multiple ways of doing the same thing and inconsistencies. Go provides a really useful feature called go fix . It uses patterns to replace an old API with a new one.
Each of these parts of the tool chain help with real world and practical development problems.
A Powerfully Simple Language
When I started using node.js I was reminded how fast software can be, how using resources well (e.g., asynchronous communications), and how low level access to communications could improve web based software architecture. I was also reminded of limitations. For example, effectively using multiple core processors. Or, how to effectively write an asynchronous program we ended up with a JavaScript style. Sure, it's not all that hard. But, it's different enough to cause context switching issues.
Go was engineered to be useful and easy in so many of these spaces. Here are a few examples:
If you are familiar with C style languages, PHP, Python, or many others the syntax is fairly easy to pick up. It appears to have been designed to be simple and easy to learn.
Through the use of go routines and channels there can be multiple "things" happening asynchronously on different processing cores.
It has garbage collection. In many compiled languages you manage your own memory. There are two complications with that. First, I (and many others) have gotten used to memory management being done for me. Some will call this lazy. I call this useful. Second, imagine memory management with different routines on different processing cores. It gets complicated and if manually managed offers many places to introduce memory leaks. Go takes care of that for us.
Performance is a key feature these days. Performance means a better experience for end users and fewer resources needed to power an application. In testing for my types of use cases Go provides the elegant use of multiple cores, loads of features, and has faster performance than the other languages that are a good fit for the projects. Sometimes significantly faster performance. For example, I've written tests in PHP and Go. Go can compile and execute faster than PHP does it's thing. I'll just put it this way… go compiles fast.
Over the years of using dynamically typed languages I'd gotten spoiled at the ease of using dynamic typing. I had expected Go, being statically typed, to be more work to deal with. It couldn't be further from the case. This is the easiest experience I've had working with static typing and the ease of transitioning between types. And that's even without the use of Go interfaces (which are just a fantastic feature).
I could go on and on about Go.
When I look for a programming language I'm looking at a tool to solve a problem with a solution I can live with and that solves it quickly so I can move on to solving the next problem. Go does this well.
If you are interested in Go checkout the Go tour. This tour will walk you through the language while letting you try it right in the browser.
PARIS (Reuters) - A Paris court on Monday found the heiress of the Nina Ricci perfume and fashion business guilty of tax fraud in a high-profile trial prompted by leaked lists of people who used the services of HSBC (HSBA.L) bank in Switzerland.
Arlette Ricci, 73-year-old granddaughter of Nina Ricci, was sentenced to three years in jail, including two suspended, and ordered to pay a fine of 1 million euros ($1.05 million) in a verdict read out by a judge at a criminal court.
She was tried on charges that she hid more than $22 million (15 million pounds) from the French tax authorities using accounts and offshore entities based in Panama.
HSBC's Swiss subsidiary is itself being pursued by French magistrates who suspect it of large-scale tax fraud. HSBC Holdings Plc was ordered last week to post a bail bond of 1 billion euros to cover possible fines in a move it said was legally groundless.
In an affair dubbed “Swissleaks”, HSBC's Swiss private bank unit is being pursued along with scores of wealthy individuals whose names appeared on lists of some 3,000 client names leaked to French authorities by a former HSBC employee, Herve Falciani.
A report from an Egyptian news source on Friday published additional details of the current ceasefire draft from talks in Cairo, saying that the document stipulates that organizations in Gaza will concede to cease the construction of new smuggling tunnels in and out of the Strip.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Palestinian officials expressed optimism regarding the proposal currently on the table, meant to reach a long-term ceasefire in Gaza, as Israel's Cabinet convened, presumably to discuss the looming deal.
Palestinian source close to the talks spoke with Ynet and said the current ceasefire deal was based on two simple formulas which together formed the agreement: (1) A ceasefire deal in return for Gaza's rehabilitation, and (2) redevelopment of Gaza in return for demilitarization of the Strip.
The two pronged deal will be gradually implemented, the sources said.
Palestinian delegation to Cairo talks (Photo: AFP)
Economy Minister Naftali Bennett seemed to hint a deal existed, but said that Israel should make unilateral concessions to Palestinians in Gaza without actually reaching an agreement with Hamas, which he claimed would empower the terror group.
Speaking at the end of Cabinet meeting Friday morning, Bennett said Israel should open Gaza's border crossings and expand the Strip's fishing zone unilaterally, without reaching a deal with Hamas, which he said "harms our right to target (terror) tunnels."
Speaking to Israel Radio, Environmental Protection Minister Amir Peretz said Friday before the meeting that that Israel "in the midst of the final stages of negotiations."
The Palestinian Islamic Jihad's second-in-command, Ziad Nahala, said Friday that the "war was over."
Ziad Nahala (Photo: Reuters)
Speaking to Al Hayat, Nahala said that "at this point we have no choice but to reach a truce. That stands at the head of our priorities. I believe that we are approaching an agreement."
"The great destruction caused by the war obligates us," he said, adding that though the majority of the Palestinian delegation's demands were not met, "Our achievements are acceptable."
Photo: AP
Two-pronged deal: From ceasefire to demilitarization
The 'ceasefire for rehabilitation' and 'redevelopment for demilitarization' formula will be gradually implemented, and each will be conditioned on the other.
In the first stage, a deal will be signed promising a calm period during which time Gaza will go massive rehabilitation efforts, and stipulates a number of international projects for rebuilding the Strip.
In the second stage, in return for a demilitarization of Gaza, larger infrastructure development projects will begin, also under international oversight.
Nonetheless, it is far from certain a Palestinian commitment to a demilitarization of Gaza will include a complete disarming of all of the terror factions in Gaza.
Moreover, the relative level demilitarization will influence the level of redevelopment, and therefore, as Hamas will retain some of its arms and military capabilities, there will not be a sea or airport in Gaza; however, movement from sea and land will be permitted under international oversight.
Israel's goal in such a deal is to block potential rearming by terror factions, first and foremost by Hamas and the Islamic Jihad.
Egypt for its part wants to create a situation in which Hamas cannot create its own arms and rockets through materials smuggled Rafah tunnels, diverting these materials to international forces working on reconstructing the Strip. Thus Egypt, with the support of Israel, is de facto tightening its hold over Hamas.
Palestinians claim that the current five day lull is not a sign of progress, but only a sign that the sides believe that a deal can be reached given more time. They further claim that the discussion regarding sea and airports – one of the Palestinians central demands – have been postponed to next month.
A Palestinian involved in talks told Asharq Al Awast that the chances of reaching a deal were more than 50 percent, but noted that "a number of issue remains." According to him the chances of reaching a deal were contingent on "Israel's desire to reach a long term accord."
Speaking to the paper , Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamadallah reuitered that the Palestinian delegation is unified, after initial talks exposed anger at Hamas by more moderate Palestinian factions.
"These are not Hamas's conditions, Hamadallah said, "they are Palestinian demands. There is a unified delegation in Cairo which represents all political factions, even of those in the diaspora.
"The demands are the lifting of the blockade and the opening of the crossings, among others. And these are not the requirements of a particular faction but the Palestinian people and leadership."
It's your classic money shot, the camera tight to reveal every detail of steamy cinnamon buns drizzled just so. Jam-glazed pork falling off the bone. A slice of buttery-crusted apple pie letting it all hang out. Sweet or savory, slow baked or flash fried, it's food porn—and experts say it's whetting our appetites in ways we never imagined. "Like the sexual kind, food porn allows us to lust after taboo things," says psychologist Susan Albers, Psy.D., author of Eating Mindfully. "And now it's on our terms: We can search for exactly what turns us on, enlarge the images, and linger for as long as we want."
Just a few short years ago, food sites were predominantly recipe-driven. Now, a growing number shamelessly flaunt the fact that few people visit for the articles. FoodPornDaily.com (tagline: Click, drool, repeat.) stripped away recipes altogether in favor of luscious panned-in shots. Food images are also the fastest-growing category on the hugely popular inspiration-board site Pinterest, where they generate 50 percent more re-pins than fashion and style photos. If you don't find anything that turns you on there, you can log on to Flickr's Food Porn Group. Boasting nearly 600,000 images, it's one of the most active categories on the photo-sharing site.
Problem is, that Flickr group isn't the only thing that's growing. Photos seem harmless, but they provoke a real emotional and physical hunger response that can be tough to control, says neuroscientist Laura Martin, Ph.D., an assistant professor at the University of Kansas Medical Center who studies how we respond to food. And straight out of the insult-meet-injury department: Those who are overweight appear to be more sensitive to the effect of viewing irresistible food. Does that mean you can never ogle your cake without eating it too? Not necessarily. There are savvy ways to curb your appetite—online and in real life.
Eating with Our Eyes
The best food porn plays on the fact that the more indulgent a photo appears, the more likely it will trigger our instinct to eat. "Food porn relies on a phenomenon called supernormal stimuli, which exaggerates qualities we're already hardwired to love," says Deirdre Barrett, Ph.D., an evolutionary psychologist at Harvard Medical School's Behavioral Medicine Program and author of Waistland: The Revolutionary Science Behind Our Weight and Fitness Crisis. Usually, that translates to visual cues that food is high in calories—things like pooling oils and the sheen of sugar—which were coveted assets back in hunter-gatherer days, when calories (particularly the gooey, fatty ones) were harder to come by, says Barrett. That might explain why, according to a recent study from 360i, a marketing firm that studies online trends, pictures of desserts are the most likely to be shared online. Cheesy, oozy comfort foods also get favorited more frequently on sites like Food Gawker.
But it rarely ends there. A study in the April issue of The Journal of Neuroscience found that viewing images of insanely delicious food lit up the brain's reward center and caused women with the most active mental response to overeat. Another study in the journal Obesity found that simply seeing food increases levels of the hunger hormone ghrelin, even after eating a regular meal. And maybe worst of all, the part of your brain that governs self-control fails to kick in with food porn the way it does with actual food. In a recent study, Belgian researchers found that women who looked at images of chocolate were more likely than women who sat in front of a plate of chocolate to overeat hours later. Fascinating! Not to mention troubling.
Dieters, unsurprisingly, are among the most susceptible to this seduction. A study published in the journal Appetite found that non-dieters ate the same amount of candy whether food was featured in the television programming they were viewing or not; dieters consumed 60 more calories when they came across a food image. "Some women go online for inspiration or as a distraction, just as they do with other social media sites," says Albers. "But others spend hours there, and they tend to be on restrictive diets. They're looking to satisfy those urges vicariously."
Unfortunately, they rarely leave sated. "Food was never meant to be experienced from just a visual perspective," says Amy Sousa, Ph.D., an anthropologist at the Hartman Group, a research consulting firm that tracks food culture. "When we see food, we need to fill in the blanks of what it will taste like. Merely looking makes for an unsatisfying experience."
The Food Porn Diet
Cutting back doesn't mean blocking every friend who Instagrams an amazing meal. But you can start by seeking out healthier foods in your online searches. After all, if photos can make you crave cheesecake, a good enough shot might turn you on to brussels sprouts.
What's more, the same kind of mental imagery that helps kick-start food cravings can also help crush them. A study from Adelaide University in Australia found that women were less likely to cave to a high-calorie food when they were asked to conjure up another (nonedible) object of affection—for instance, imagining the sights of their favorite destination on the planet.
And although food porn temporarily disables your willpower, certain activities have been shown to weaken your brain's response to food. A study in the Journal of Applied Physiology found that after men and women biked for an hour, their brain's food-reward response barely registered. Researchers believe the vigorous activity dampened the desire to seek out food (and, they theorize, regular intense exercise could keep this effect intact long-term).
On the flip side, not getting enough sleep leaves you wide open to food porn's seduction. A study in The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism showed the brain's hunger-and appetite-regulating center is more likely to be stimulated by images of food when you're sleep-deprived. Yet another reason to get those eight hours of shut-eye—or, at the very least, to not prowl the Internet when you don't.
But the most effective technique is probably the same whether you're using it in the bedroom or the kitchen: Turn your online fantasies into inspiration to get busy at home. Research shows that we consume fewer calories when we cook, because we control portions and ingredients. There is also a growing number of sites that serve up food porn with nutritional information (like Edamam.com) or ones like Foodily.com that allow you to search for a dish without certain ingredients (say, carrot cake without raisins). And the benefits go beyond the scale: "Consumers who cook tend to have a healthier relationship with food and are more likely to be satisfied by what they eat," says Sousa. "They may peruse these images online, but they are less inclined to eat mindlessly as a result of it because they're actually experiencing all the sensual pleasure that comes with food."
The Munchie Shot
What makes some food photos particularly drool-inducing? Deirdre Barrett, Ph.D., author of Supernormal Stimuli, deconstructs the gut-tricking details in one of the most-liked savory shots on FoodPornDaily.com.
It's larger than life. This extreme close-up (you can practically see the holes in the bread crumbs!) is no accident. Zooming in on food makes you feel as though you're having an intimate experience with it. The result: You end up eating more.
Every calorie counts. Even if the portion itself isn't huge, showing a hyperconcentration of salt, fat, and refined carbs in every bite makes you want to dig in.
Oooh, shiny! Your body craves fat, so you seek out the slickness of oils and refractive shine—found, in this case, cradling the pasta in an orgy of butter, three different cheeses, and bacon grease.
Imaginary mouthfeel. Blistering at the dome suggests texture—can't you just imagine piercing through the crust?
Lawmakers from across the country are facing questions about NSA activity. | AP Photos NSA questions hit pols back home
LANGHORNE, Pa. — Rep. Mike Fitzpatrick has spent many summers here on his home turf blasting big government, big taxes, big Washington — but recently he's added another item to his list: Big Brother.
Even during his speeches on jobs, health care and the economy, the Republican congressman said he has started fielding a few questions about privacy, spying and surveillance, a sign that fears about the ultra-secret National Security Agency have spread beyond the Beltway as lawmakers embark on their annual town-hall tours.
Story Continued Below
The NSA's powers to obtain phone call logs and Internet chats haven't spawned the fury some lawmakers recall all too well from the fiery battle over health care reform. Nor has government surveillance supplanted the economy as the leading issue on the nation's conscience. New Al Qaeda threats against U.S. embassies, meanwhile, have reinforced for some on Capitol Hill the importance of strong counter-terrorism programs.
( Also on POLITICO: Report: NSA violated privacy rules)
Still, doubts and criticisms about government snooping have started to surface in numerous districts and states, a reflection that Edward Snowden's leaks are kindling public suspicions. Amid the mounting revelations, some voters seem eager to have a debate that President Barack Obama and most of Washington never wanted in the first place. A Washington Post report Thursday that the NSA broke privacy rules thousands of times a year may only add to the questions lawmakers face.
Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.), for example, already has tangled with protestors who are seething over the pol's position on surveillance, and activists have rallied against House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi in San Francisco. Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.) has addressed her constituents' deep-seated distrust of government directly. And perhaps looking to capitalize on the news, Rep. Rush Holt (D-N.J.) had invited the reporter who first unveiled the scope of the NSA's surveillance programs — Glenn Greenwald — to speak at one of his campaign events.
“There's a very real interest and concern expressed more frequently than ever before,” said Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal, who's in his home state of Connecticut. “I think Americans have become strongly questioning about big institutions in their lives — not just big government, but big banks, big corporations.”
The national conversation about government surveillance originates with Snowden, whose revelations have illuminated a U.S. intelligence apparatus that's able to obtain a foreign suspect's phone call logs, Internet chats and more. It's also raised new questions as to what extent U.S. citizens' data could be caught in the fray.
( PHOTOS: Pols, pundits weigh in on NSA report)
The White House has insisted it's followed the law, emphasizing it has the appropriate checks in place. And Obama, after weeks of criticism, addressed the matter at the top of a news conference last Friday, promising reforms to a system that many privacy hawks believe has become a rubber stamp for government snooping.
Frustration reached a boiling point on Capitol Hill last month after Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) launched an effort to defund the NSA's phone-records program — an amendment, almost entirely symbolic in nature, that attracted broad bipartisan support. It ultimately failed, but the congressman's move set the stage for a fierce fight that's now evolved beyond the confines of Washington.
It's even touched Fitzpatrick's home base, the economically stratified 8th District of Pennsylvania. Unemployment reached about 7 percent in Bucks County this summer, and jobs and health care still trump all else. But at a town hall in Lower Salford last weekend and a telephone town hall this summer, Fitzpatrick said he found himself diverting from those key issues briefly to answer at least a few NSA questions.
( PHOTOS: 10 famous/infamous whistleblowers)
“There are many issues the American people are concerned about, privacy chief among them. And while it may not come up at every town hall, it is, I believe, based on conversations with my constituents, always on their minds,” Fitzpatrick told POLITICO last week, just after speaking at a local Lower Bucks County Chamber of Commerce event dominated not by surveillance but by spending, transportation and health care.
In San Jose, Calif., meanwhile, Lofgren fielded a question during a telephone town hall this month from a local voter who wanted to know why, exactly, Amash's amendment had failed — because it had been “an incomplete idea or … because by and large your colleagues think it's OK to spy on us?”
Lofgren responded that Amash's effort “wasn't as well-written as it might have been,” though she stressed the importance of transparency and oversight even as the government scours the globe for terrorists. Lofgren voted for the amendment.
Activists with Demand Progress and similar groups raised their surveillance qualms at a town hall held Tuesday by Rep. Jim Langevin (D-R.I.), a member of the House Intelligence Committee. And a small group of protestors appeared to disrupt Van Hollen's recent August gathering, an event focused on climate change in Silver Spring, Md. The tiny activist cohort carried signs emblazoned, “VAN HOLLEN WRONG ON NSA: Restore the 4th!” The Democratic congressman voted against the so-called Amash amendment because it wasn't “the most comprehensive and effective” approach, according to a spokeswoman, who added Van Hollen does support “rewriting these laws.”
Posted on //
Torvind Næsheim
University Hospital of North Norway:
located at 69 degrees North latitude – likely the northernmost ECMO center in the world.
The warmest month is July with a mean air temperature of 11.8C and mean sea temperature of 10.8 C.
The coldest month is January with a mean air temperature of -4.4 C and mean sea temperature of 5.1 C.
ECMO program since 1988
Yearly ECMO volume is approx 20 per year – including postcardiotomy support, ECPR, cardiogenic shock and respiratory failure
ECMO Retrieval Ambulance service: Since 12/2015: 5 ECMO transports
Cases are reported through the ELSO registry
Accidental Hypothermia – some definitions:
mild : 32-35 C – preserved capability to maintain core temperature through compensating thermoregulatory mechanisms
Moderate: 28-32 – loss of ability to sustain temperature via either voluntary or autonomic means
Severe: 20-28 – high risk of malignant arrhythmias
Profound: <20 Asystoles
The Paper: Hilmo, J et al. Prolonged resuscitation is warranted in arrested hypothermic victims also in remote areas – A retrospective study from northern Norway. Resuscitation , Volume 85 , Issue 9 , 1204 – 1211
“Nobody is dead until warm and dead”
retrospective study looking at accidental hypothermia victims with cardiac arrest admitted to UNN between 1985-2013
no survivors prior to 1999
1999-2013: 9/24 (37.5%) survival, defined as alive at 1 year – most with a ‘favorable' neurologic outcome
PRIOR studies suggested that asphyxiation, either via snow burial (avalance) or water submersion had a lower chance of survival, but this study suggests that hypothermic arrest during submersion injury may be very different. It is hypothesized that very cold temps create faster cooling rates and aspiration of cold water may induce rapid protective cerebral hypothermia. So drowning victims (asphyxia by submersion in cold water may have a higher survival)
Hyperkalemia is bad (>8 is bad; >12 is dead)
Bottom Line: “No patient is dead until they are warm and dead” – current neuroprognostication can't identify OHCA patients who may be salvageable. So assume they are!
Key ECMO Points:
Profoundly hypothermic patients cannot generate high flow rates – possibly due to increase blood viscosity. Consider larger cannulae. Torvinde uses 29F venous and 21F arterial as a starting point. Rewarm with a veno-arterial temperature gradient of no more than 10 degrees C. Faster rewarming may result in bubble formation. Torvinde does this via the water bath heater/cooler. Therapeutic hypothermia is still in play. Torvinde holds the core temp at 36 for 24-28 hours. “You're not dead unless you're warm and dead” – consider transporting potentially salvageable patients with a reliable history.
The Story of Anna Bågenholm was told in this article in the Lancet:
A man convicted of raping a child twice, once when she was 10 and again when she was 11, received the maximum penalty Thursday at his sentencing hearing.
Trendell Ray Brady, 34, received an 80-year prison sentence without parole after being convicted of two counts of child rape, WVLT reported.
WBIR reports that prosecutors presented evidence to the jury dating back to 2003 when Brady became romantically involved with a family member of the victim, who was seven-years-old at the time.
Brady babysat the victim and her siblings occasionally while he dated the victim's family member. Prosecutors say it was during this period that he sexually assaulted and molested the victim, causing her to become pregnant when she was ten years old and again when she turned 11 years old. DNA tests proved in both cases that Brady was the father.
WATE reports that authorities did not learn of the situation until several years later. Once they were notified, investigators with the Knoxville Police Department took Brady in for questioning. Brady confessed to raping the girl in the interview with investigators.
But during the trial, Brady tried to pass off the blame to his twin brother. Jurors, who remained unconvinced, found him guilty at his trial in June, WREG reported.
“There are not enough years in prison Brady can serve to repair the damage that has been done,” said Knox County District Attorney Charme Allen. “However, the lengthy sentence in this case will ensure that Brady is never again able to harm a child.”
According to the district attorney's office, each count of child rape carries a penalty of 25 to 40 years in prison. Prosecutors sought the maximum sentence for each count and asked the judge if the sentences could run consecutively so Brady would serve 80 years without parole.
Vermont Hemp Fest: September 7, 2019 Welcome to the THIRD annual Vermont Hemp Fest, taking place on Saturday, September 7, 2019 at Burke Mountain Hotel and Conference Center in East Burke, Vermont. Already one of Vermonts premiere cannabis events, Hemp Fest 2019 will feature a full day of panels and workshops, 50+ agricultural, hemp and CBD exhibitors, a Friday Night Business Networking event, food trucks, live music, Sunday hemp brunch and more. The inaugural Hemp Fest in 2017 welcomed over 500 attendees. Two years later, with the number of registered hemp growers having quadrupled in number, and exponential growth in the publics interest in all things cannabis, Vermont Hemp Fest is a lively platform for the agricultural hemp industry to engage, advocate and learn against the scenic backdrop of Vermont's Northeast Kingdom at the cusp of harvest season. Early Bird Pricing is only $20 for a full day pass – prices go up in May of 2019. Get your tickets early! Buy Hemp Fest Tickets Exhibitor Early Bird Registration Want to be an exhibitor at Hemp Fest? Early bird vendor signup available now! As little as $250 for regular indoor exhibitors until May 1. Indoor and outdoor spaces available! Use the links below to reserve your spot today. Indoor 6-foot Table: $250 (Register Now) Full Price $300
Outdoor 10×10 Booth: $350 (Register Now) Full Price $400
Outdoor 15×15 Booth: $450 (Register Now) Full Price $500 See you at Burke Mountain in September! Registration and programming kick off Saturday morning. Exhibitors are both indoors and outdoors, where there will also be food vendors, an outdoor bar and lawn games. Music begins after programming wraps up early evening. Well have a locally sourced hemp brunch at the hotel on Sunday from 10-1! Hotel checkout is at noon. Check out our inaugural Hemp Fest Recap video from the talented Shawn Cimonetti: Hemp in Vermont and Beyond With a rapidly growing marketplace for hemp products, there is no doubt about the growth of the national hemp industry. Forbes recently reported that the legal CBD hemp market is estimated to grow 700% by 2020 alone — to say nothing of hemp oil fuels, plastics, food products, paper, fabric, building materials and other markets that continue to develop as more states allow production of agricultural hemp. Hemp is defined practically as cannabis that has less than .3% of the compound THC, the cannabinoid of the plant showing psychoactive effects. Historically, hemp was a government-mandated crop grown by American settlers (and carried by sailors) and even inspired Vermont's own industrial revolution via the Fairbanks Scales, originally invented to weigh wagon loads of hemp.
Tickets Brown Paper Tickets Widget Loading… Click Here to visit the Brown Paper Tickets event page.
Schedule Box Office opens at 11 a.m. Shuttle service from the Base Lodge (where general attendees may park) begins at 10:45 a.m. We ask that people please not arrive early! Exhibitor Hours:
11 a.m. – 6 p.m. Saturday Full schedule will be announced in late spring!
Hemp Fest Exhibitors Early Bird exhibitor registration is now open for Vermont Hemp Fest 2019. To register, please pay below with your business name, email and address. Includes vendor booth space with clothed 6-foot table and 2 chairs at Vermont Hemp Fest on Saturday, September 7, 2019.
Please email Vendor Coordinator nealy@headyvermont.com if you wish to inquire about exhibiting.
Lodging Burke Mountain offers several options for Vermont Hemp Fest attendees, including hotel rooms and camping. We encourage attendees and exhibitors to book their rooms early, as the hotel typically fills up very quickly. Get additional info about Burke Mountain Hotel rooms on their site. To make your reservation please call (866) 966-4820 or book online here. Book my Room To contact the Burke Mountain Hotel front desk call (802) 626-7400. Check in Time: 4:00pm / Check out Time: 11:00am Camping Located between the Sherburne Base Lodge and Mid Burke Lodge, the Burke Campground offers 25 sites, including 5 lean-tos, for campers from May through late October. The Campground provides easy access to the Burke Mountain Bike Park and Kingdom Trails and is the perfect starting point for hiking in the surrounding Victory State Forest. 2018 BURKE CAMPGROUND RATES LEAN TO TENT Regular Rates $45.00 $35.00 Holiday and Weekend Rates $50.00 $40.00 Hot Deal! – Extend your holiday $40.00 $30.00 All prices are per night for up to 4 people.
Additional campers: $5.00 per extra person per night.
No power or water hookups.
Free Wi-Fi available for campers in the office.
Reservations include use of the Burke Hotel Pool and Hot Tub, showers required. RV Parking is not allowed at Burke Mountain Resort – please visit www.nekchamber.com for RV sites in the Northeast Kingdom. Reservation Policy: Reservations must be paid in full at the time of reservation. Guest credit cards will be charged within 7 days of reservation booking. Cancellation Policy: All reservations are subject to a $10.00 cancellation fee. No shows will be charged in full. No refunds will be given for shortening a stay after check in. Check In: All guests are required to check in at the Campground Sugar Shack between 4:00 pm – 8:00 pm. If check in during shack hours is not possible, guests must set up in the site that is assigned to them.
Check Out: All guests are required to check-out at the Campground Sugar Shack no later than 11:00 or additional charges may apply. Dogs: Well-behaved dogs are allowed at the campground but must remain on a leash and not be left unattended. Dogs are not allowed on the mountain bike trails. Guest are required to clean up after their pet. Amenities: All campground guests have access to the Burke Hotel and Conference Center pool and hot tub. Key cards are required and can be obtained at the hotel front desk. ID will be required to obtain key.
Click here to download Burke campground map. Exhibitors & Sponsors: A limited number of discounted suites and studios are available to exhibitors and sponsors via our room block with the code HFEST.
Directions The Northeast Kingdom isn't exactly around the corner for most folks, but Burke is just 7 miles off Interstate 91, near Exit 23. It's around 1.5 hours from Montpelier, two hours from Burlington and three hours from Boston. FROM THE NORTH OR SOUTH: Take Interstate 91 to Exit 23. Take Route 5 through Lyndonville for two miles. Bear right onto VT route 114 for four miles through East Burke Village and take a right onto Mountain Road. Follow Mountain Road one mile to the Sherburne Base Lodge entrance. Easy, right? It's only three turns off a major interstate, but in case you need a map – here you go. GPS FOR BASE LODGE (SKI/RIDE/BIKE SERVICES): 223 Sherburne Lodge Road
East Burke, VT 05832
Call (802) 626-7300 for questions. GPS FOR BURKE MOUNTAIN HOTEL & CONFERENCE CENTER: 2559 Mountain Road
East Burke, VT 05832
Call front desk (802) 626-7400 for questions. Directions on the Burke Mountain website.
Dining Hemp Fest Patio Food Vendors We'll have a selection of food vendors on the patio at Vermont Hemp Fest – specifics TBD! The View Pub (Open Daily) The View Pub serves lunch and dinner daily, located on the second floor in the east wing of the Burke Mountain Hotel & Conference Center. Contact directly at 802-626-7460 and follow The View Pub on facebook. Spring Pub Hours OPEN CLOSE Sunday – Thursday (Lunch, Dinner) 11:00 am 8:00 pm Friday & Saturday (Lunch, Dinner) 11:00 am 9:00 pm Click here for Pub Menu. Questions give us a call (802) 626-7460. Edmund's Coffee Shop Burke Mountain Hotel & Conference Center Edmund's Coffee Shop serves fresh USDA Organic Coffees from Vermont Coffee Company. Other goodies include breakfast sandwiches and pastries. Edmund's is located on the second floor adjacent to the pool and the Vertical Drop retail store. The Coffee Shop is open Thursday through Sunday from 7:30 am to 11 am.
Activities Yoga: TBD Sunday Hemp Brunch We're thrilled to bring Hemp Fest goers a locally sourced Hemp Fest Brunch on Sunday morning starting at 10am in the Pub. Full menu TBA – check out our 2018 brunch menu to get inspired: Hemp Heart Banana Bread French Toast House made banana bread made with Victory Hemp Foods hemp hearts, topped with peanut butter mouse and a side of Vermont maple syrup or NEK Hemp CBD-infused maple syrup House Smoked Salmon Egg toast Grilled brioche, smoked salmon mousse, fried egg, fresh dill Eggs Benedict English muffin, prosciutto wrapped asparagus, poached egg, hollandaise Kale Salad Apple, cheddar, toasted almond, golden raison, bee pollen, Maple plus CBD sugar balsamic vinaigrette or maple balsamic vinaigrette. 20mg CBD Pork Tostada Hemp Fed braised pork, VT FARMACY CBD hemp oil cabbage slaw, Pico de Gallo, avocado cream, Fried tortilla 10 mg CBD Mountain Biking There are close to a hundred miles of cross-country mountain biking trails all around Burke Mountain. If you've heard of Kingdom Trails, then you know they are some of the best anywhere in the country. The trail-side Burke Mountain Hotel & Conference Center is situated mid-mountain with secure (inside) bike storage. Burke also offers bike n' stay packages for a true bike-in bike-out experience! 2018 BIKE PARK OPERATING HOURS OPEN CLOSE Thursday (NEW for this year. Thursday lift-service begins Thurs, June 29th) 3:00 pm 7:00 pm Friday (Friday lift-service begins Friday, June 9th; Twilight ticket 3-7pm) 10:00 am 7:00 pm Saturday 10:00 am 6:00 pm Sunday (Sunday twilight ticket 2-6pm) 10:00 am 6:00 pm Holidays (Monday May 29th, Monday July 3, Monday Sept. 4 & Monday Oct. 9) 10:00 am 4:00 pm
Sunday sermons at two Protestant churches in Dresden, Germany, are about to get a lot more -- well -- sexual.
According to local reports, the German churches will introduce "erotic" sermons as part of a series that aims to help rid the religious conservative reputation from the state of Saxony, of which Dresden is the capital city.
The sermons will reportedly include a discussion of sexuality and eroticism in the Bible, and will not be limited to just heterosexuality.
"There are still some people in the church that think homosexuality is a sin," program organizer Rudolf Renner told Germany's The Local. "The relationship between the church and sexuality is very tense."
The series, which is set to run through mid-November, will touch on topics such as Adam and Eve and the relationship between Jonathan and David, who some believe were gay lovers.
The Miami HEAT continued to get after it at The Atlantis Paradise Island Resort in Nassau, Bahamas. Below are some tidbits you need to know from Day 3 of Training Camp Presented by Baptist Health South Florida.
A Thinking Day
After a slew of defensive-focused practices, Coach Spo slowed things down on Day 3 to put in some offense. As a result, Thursday was more of a teaching day for the team.
“Today we actually had to slow down and put some install in, so it was a thinking practice for the first three-quarters of it. And then we tried to apply that and scrimmage some.”
“Now we're starting to teach, so we're trying to find that balance of teaching. Moving forward, but still keeping the intensity that we had with the first two practices.”
Speaking of intensity, that's the first thing Wayne Ellington mentioned when asked what has stood out to him about HEAT practices.
“Intensity, will to win. [You've] got to have a strong work ethic, and mentally you've got to be tough too. Coach Spo, he's going to challenge us. He's going to challenge us, and it's going to be for the best of our team and we all understand that. We're in here working everyday. It's definitely challenging. It's going to be worth it, though.”
Fellow newcomer James Johnson had some similar things to say about how Miami conducts practice.
“We're all in shape, [there's] a lot of conditioning and a lot of mental things. You've got to learn how to play under duress and when you're tired. I think that's what we're doing. We're getting tired, and we'll see what we can do under duress.”
Ellington Brings It On and Off the Court
While Ellington is mostly known for being a sharpshooter, he feels there is more he can bring to the team.
“When I'm out on the floor, I feel like playmaking as well [is something I can bring]. I'm not breaking down defenses or anything like that, but people run at me hard on that [three-point] line. Coach is trying to run me off the line so if it happens I'm able to get into the paint and make a play. Whether it's throwing it up to big fella or kicking it out to one of the other perimeter players.”
Otherwise, the former North Carolina Tar Heel stated that he'll definitely bring leadership since he's one of the veterans on the squad.
That leadership isn't exclusive to basketball, as Ellington has been active in the community trying to curb gun violence. In fact, the 28-year-old participated in WPLG's “My Future, My Choice” Town Hall Meeting at Miami Jackson High School on September 16.
“[The experience at the meeting] was great. Since last season ended, I've been doing different things to try to make a change, a difference, and try to cut down on some of the violence. When I came to Miami, I didn't know what to expect. Just to see that there are so many programs and so many people already involved and doing so many things, that was awesome for me. I'm excited to get involved even more.”
White Chocolate Butterscotch and Walnut Fudge…WOW is that a mouth full to say. This recipe is not the recipe I originally had planned for today. It was a happy accident. I had originally planned to make chocolate fudge. However, when I was testing the recipe it didn't work out. Now I was prepared for this, as sometimes testing recipes things just don't work the first time around, so I bought extra ingredients. I forgot to buy extra chocolate though! Luckily I had white chocolate on hand and butterscotch flavoring. This made for great fudge and I was more than happy for this recipe to be a success. The chocolate fudge will have to wait to be retested for another time.
Normally when it comes to fudge I am more of a traditionalist. I like chocolate, peanut butter, or cookie and candy flavors. But as I get older I notice my taste buds changing and growing. This butterscotch fudge isn't something that I would have enjoyed in the past. It is seriously so delicious. The nice thing about the fudge is that you will be able to taste both the white chocolate and the butterscotch neither one of the flavors overpower one another; they complement each other. The texture is creamy and then has a nice little crunch from walnuts. The walnuts are a great addition because they add a nutty element to the rich fudge.
This recipe is almost identical to my Peanut Butter Fudge Recipe. The only difference is the few additions to some ingredients.
Grab a large pot and over medium heat bring your sugar, milk, and butter to a boil. Boil for 8 minutes. Add the butterscotch flavoring to the mixture before it starts to boil.
After 8 minutes take off heat and add the white chocolate chips and marshmallows. Stir until smooth then stir in the walnuts. Pour into a 9 X 13 lightly greased pan.
Refrigerate the fudge until completely cooled. Cut into squares when fudge is set.
Happy Baking!
Cuts to the nation's food stamp program hit 48 million Americans this week, including more than 9 million elderly and disabled people.
Nearly one in seven Americans uses the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, which has doubled in cost since 2008 when Congress increased the benefits as part of the economic stimulus bill. Both Democrats and Republicans allowed the temporary benefits boost to expire on Nov. 1, and Republicans are pushing for far steeper cuts to the $80 billion program.
The average monthly decrease for a one-person household is $11. That doesn't sound like much, but the vast majority of food stamp recipients say the assistance runs out in the first three weeks of each month, leaving them to cobble together food from other sources in the final week. The cuts amount to 16 meals a month for the average family of three, according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's Thrifty Food Plan.
“Even though it might sound little, for some people that's a couple of meals that they have to choose whether they eat or don't eat,” said Bobbie Sackman, the director of public policy at the Council of Senior Centers and Services in New York City, which helps elderly people sign up for assistance. “They have to go elsewhere to find food or they're not going to have food.”
People can turn to food pantries for additional assistance. But it's harder for older and disabled people to fill in the gaps left by the food stamp program, since going in-person to various soup kitchens and food pantries is not an option for many of them. About 9 percent of all food stamps go to households that include senior citizens. In New York, which has a large elderly population, it's double that.
Marc Wolfson, a disabled 62 year-old who lives in Brooklyn, spent his Tuesday afternoon calling around to various food pantries to see if any of them would deliver meals to his apartment.
One food pantry, called “God's Love We Deliver,” told him they could drop off groceries at his apartment, but only on days when Wolfson is undergoing dialysis for his kidney disease. So the pantry had to turn him down. “They ain't delivering it to me,” Wolfson joked.
Wolfson has diabetes and anemia, so his diet must be low in sugar and carbohydrates and high in iron-rich foods like red meat. The first two weeks, Wolfson can manage that diet on food stamps, but then the money runs out. “The doctors want me to eat all protein,” he said. “The last two weeks the only protein I'm getting is eggs.”
Nationally, one in seven seniors lives in poverty, according to an analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation. In New York City, as many as one in three elderly people are poor. As many as half of elderly people who qualify for food stamps in New York do not apply, and surveys have shown that older Americans in particular feel there is a stigma associated with the program.
Sackman said the elderly, who are often living on fixed incomes, can become “invisible” in these debates, which often focuses on why young and healthy people need assistance.
House Republicans hope to cut the $80 billion annual program further, by kicking off 3 million people each year for 10 years. Under their plan, adults without minor children must enroll in a job training program or be employed to receive the benefits. The AARP, the powerful seniors group, opposes the proposal.
“We're really worried,” Sackman said of the proposed cuts. “This is just the start. We're looking at a rapidly growing senior population here and across the country and a lot of poverty.”
Wolfson said he tries not to worry about whether steeper cuts could be in the pipeline. In the meantime, he plans to scour the grocery store for sales to make up for the $11 less he gets per month.
“I'll deal with it as it's happening,” he said. “I'm not going to dwell on it.”
15346
Sealand, Liberland & Co : Staatengründung für Anfänger und Fortgeschrittene von Dipl.-Jur. Patric Urbaneck 24.04.2015 Bild: Wikimedia
Mit der Gesellschaft unzufrieden und keine Lust auf alberne TV-Experimente à la "Newtopia"? Dann bleibt nur eins: Einen eigenen Staat gründen. Vergangene Woche ist genau das in Osteuropa geschehen, angeblich gibt es schon zehntausende Anträge auf Staatsbürgerschaft. Ob das Aussicht auf Erfolg hat oder die Bewohner von "Liberland" lieber Land gewinnen sollten, ergründet Patric Urbaneck.
Anzeige
Haben Sie Langeweile? Wie wär's mit der Erschaffung eines neuen Völkerrechtssubjektes? Die Gründung souveräner Staaten gehört wohl zu den eher ungewöhnlichen Hobbies, gerade im 21. Jahrhundert. Medienberichten zufolge geschah aber genau das am 13. April 2015 im Grenzgebiet zwischen Serbien und Kroatien. Vit Jedlicka, (noch) tschechischer Staatsbürger, hat – dem Vernehmen nach recht unzeremoniell und ohne großes Tamtam – einen Staat proklamiert und sich kurzerhand zum Präsidenten der "Freien Republik Liberland" erklärt. Er lädt auf der offiziellen Homepage des jüngsten vermeintlichen Staates unserer Erde zur Annahme der liberländischen Staatsbürgerschaft ein.
Juristisch betrachtet ein nicht gerade praxis- oder prüfungsrelevantes Thema, politisch aber allemal interessant. Daher ein kurzer Blick darauf, was sich im wohl letzten "Niemandsland" auf europäischem Gebiet abgespielt haben könnte und ob es unangenehme Folgen hat, wenn der ein oder andere mit dem Gedanken spielt, die Staatsangehörigkeit zu wechseln; aus Überzeugung oder auch nur um auf der nächsten Party mit einem liberländischen Pass aufzutrumpfen. Übrigens soll laut Staatsgrüner Jedlicka nur ein erlauchter Kreis von etwa 5.000 – 6.000 Personen in den Genuss der liberländischen Staatsangehörigkeit kommen. Aber was macht einen Staat eigentlich aus und was hindert den einzelnen Bürger daran, auf seinem Grundstück das nächste Fürstentum auszurufen?
Staatsvolk, Staatsgebiet, Staatsgewalt
Relativ unstreitig – wenn man die wahnwitzig-verschwörerischen Theorien der "Reichsbürgerbewegung" einmal beiseite lässt – ist etwa die Bundesrepublik Deutschland ein Staat. Den Staatsbegriff allerdings definiert jede wissenschaftliche Disziplin anders. In der Rechtswissenschaft bestand eine Legaldefinition eines Staates lange Zeit nicht. Seit mittlerweile mehr als einem Jahrhundert bedient man sich jedoch des Erklärungsversuchs des Juristen Georg Jellinek, der sogenannten "Drei-Elemente-Lehre". Im sechsten Kapitel der Jellinek'schen "Allgemeinen Staatslehre" heißt es: "Als Rechtsbegriff ist der Staat demnach die mit ursprünglicher Herrschaftsmacht ausgerüstete Körperschaft eines seßhaften Volkes oder [...] die mit ursprünglicher Herrschaftsmacht ausgestattete Gebiertskörperschaft." Wir bringen dies auf den Dreiklang "Staatsvolk, Staatsgebiet, Staatsgewalt."
Dem Juristen wird es dämmern – erstes Semester, Staatsorganisationsrecht. Im Völkerrecht wurde diese Definition aufgegriffen und mit geringfügigen Ergänzungen zum Beispiel in der Konvention von Montevideo festgelegt. Es heißt in diesem, seinerzeit von 20 amerikanischen Staaten unterzeichneten Vertragswerk: "The state as a person of international law should possess the following qualifications: (a) a permanent population; (b) a defined territory; (c) government; and (d) capacity to enter into relations with the other states." Die Fähigkeit, in Beziehung mit anderen Staaten zu treten ist wohl eher Rechts- oder tatsächliche Folge denn Tatbestandsmerkmal. Die Begriffe "Staatsvolk" (permanent population), "Staatsgebiet" (defined territory) und "Staatsgewalt" (government) sind aber ihrerseits auslegungsbedürftig. Ein Staatsgebiet lässt sich wohl noch recht einfach definieren, könnte man meinen. Man würde sich wohl irgendwie des Begriffes der "Grenze" bedienen und von einem durch eine solche umschlossenes Gebiet sprechen. Jellinek selbst sprach vom "Raum, auf dem die Staatsgewalt ihre spezifische Tätigkeit, die des Herrschens, entfalten kann" und rekurriert damit zur Definition des einen Staatselements auf ein anderes.
Vor "Liberland" kam "Sealand"
Dass die Sache gar nicht so einfach ist, zeigt ein weiteres, weitaus skurrileres Beispiel der jüngeren Rechtsgeschichte. Im September 1967 rief der Britische Ex-Major Paddy Roy Bates das Fürstentum Sealand auf einer verlassenen Flakstellung etwa zehn Kilometer vor dem Englischen Festland aus. Auch er suchte, wie Liberlands Staatspräsident Jedlicka, um internationale völkerrechtliche Anerkennung. Infolgedessen hatte sich das Verwaltungsgericht (VG) Köln im Jahr 1978 mit der Frage auseinanderzusetzen, ob "Sealand" denn ein Staat im anerkennungswürdigen Sinne ist, also die drei Elemente aufweist.
Schon das Vorliegen eines Staatsgebietes wurde vom VG mit sehr ausführlicher Begründung verneint (Urt. v. 03.05.1978, Az. 9 K 2565/77). Ein Staatsgebiet könne nur aus Erdoberfläche, also Land bestehen. Das bedinge schon die etymologische Bedeutung des Wortes "terra" (lat. für "Erde") als Ursprung des Wortes "Territorium". Die Erweiterung der "terra" sei nicht mit der künstlichen Schaffung einer neuen Oberfläche, gleichsam als Verlängerung des Erdbodens unter dem Meer, vergleichbar. Außerdem fehle es Sealand auch an einem Staatsvolk. Die Anzahl der "Staatsbürger" sei zwar irrelevant. So könne ein Staatsvolk auch aus 100 oder weniger Personen bestehen. Im Falle Sealands sei der Zweck des Zusammenschlusses aber ein rein wirtschaftlicher. Es fehle an einem echten Gemeinschaftsleben, einer "Schicksalsgemeinschaft", wie sie durch die gemeinsame und gemeinschaftliche Bewältigung des staatlichen Lebensalltags von der Bildung bis zur sozialen Absicherung, vom Leben bis zum Tod, gekennzeichnet wird.
Auch das OLG Brandenburg hatte sich 2008 mit Sealand zu befassen – in einem strafrechtlichen Revisionsverfahren gegen dessen vermeintlichen "Prime Minister". Der Angeklagte argumentierte, er unterliege nicht der Deutschen Jurisdiktion. Das OLG verweigerte ihm aber den Schutz diplomatischer Immunität mit einem recht knappen Verweis auf das bekannte Urteil des VG Köln aus 1978 (Urt. v. 03.03.2008, Az. 1 Ss 14/08).
The Ugly Side Of Being An African Student In India
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virendra Singh Gosain/Hindustan Times via Getty Images Virendra Singh Gosain/Hindustan Times via Getty Images
On March 24, Manish Khari, an Indian teenager in Greater Noida, a city on the outskirts of India's capital New Delhi, went for a walk and did not come home.
Someone said he had been seen with some Nigerian students who lived a few doors down. An angry crowd barged into their house but could not find the boy. A rumor spread that boy could not be found because the Nigerians were involved in cannibalism.
The teenager eventually showed up but was thoroughly disoriented. He complained of heart palpitations and was rushed to the hospital, where he died. The cause of death is not known, although the family suspects that drugs were involved.
toggle caption Virendra Singh Gosain/AFP/Getty Images
Five Nigerian students were booked under charges of murder but let off when no evidence was found linking them with the boy or drugs.
On the 27th, a candlelight vigil was held for the teenager outside a mall in the neighborhood. But the vigil turned violent; a mob attacked some Africans with sticks, metal bins and chairs. Nigerian students Precious Amalawa and his brother, Endurance, were eating at a KFC in that mall and were caught in the melee as they tried to leave.
"There were kicking at us and shouting at us," Precious Amalawa told the media outlet Scoopwhoop News from his hospital bed. "We kept asking what had we done. Even dogs are treated better." Four Nigerians were hospitalized that night.
A few days later the Association of African Students in India (AASI) issued a statement: "[Because of the] failure to secure the lives of African students and to ensure maximum security in areas where African students live, we will write to the African Union to cut all bilateral ties with India."
Many do not realize that in its own modest way India is a magnet for African students looking for an international experience during higher studies. In his paper about perceptions of African students by the local community in the Indian city of Pune, anthropologist Wondwosen Teshome-Bahiru says there are several "push and pull factors" behind this. The push factors include "shortage of higher academic institutions" in parts of Africa as well as "political instability" in some African countries. The pull factors are the affordability of higher education in India as compared to the West, the fact that the medium of instruction is English and "fast and less complicated" admission procedures. Many come to study IT since India is well known for that globally.
India's government and private universities are anxious to sell the country as an affordable destination for higher education, so they've been laying out the welcome mat for African students for a while. In 2007 the Indian government set up its Pan African e-Network Project, linking some African and Indian universities to exchange expertise. And in 2016 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced 50,000 scholarships for African students over the next five years.
In 2014 over 10,000 African students were studying in India with Sudan, Nigeria and Kenya leading the pack. In 2016, there were 42,420 foreign students in India, and Sudan and Nigeria were both in the top 5 countries of origin for those students, while the other three top spots occupied by India's immediate neighbors.
Universities have hired registration agents in Africa and run seminars with prospective students and their parents. "They do a lot of marketing, video conferencing and workshops," says Samuel T. Jack, a Nigerian student in India who is the president of AASI.
The slick promotional video for Sharda University, for example, stresses its "global vision" and has idyllic images of smiling African students mingling with local students. An African student strums a guitar, others walk down the hallway with their backpacks alongside Indian classmates. African students are all over the video, sometimes in suit and tie discussing career options, sometimes in traditional tribal costumes dancing at the "mega cultural festival." It all has a very 21st century Kumbaya feel to it.
The reality these students face in India has been rather different. "I have been here five years," says Jack bitterly. "My classmates might laugh and talk with me in school. But no one has ever invited me to their house. No one has ever said 'Sam, come home and meet my parents.'"
What's worse, he says are the assumptions. "I don't smoke but when I walk on the street I am asked, 'Bro, can I get some hash?'" Africans are stereotyped as criminals, drug dealers, prostitutes and now, in a new low, cannibals. Jack does not deny that some African students are involved in the drug trade but angrily asks why Africans are singled out and racially profiled for what is a much broader social problem.
The stereotypes have made life hard for the African students as they struggle to make a home in India's teeming cities. Jack says he hears many complaints about how hard it is to find housing. Taxi drivers fleece them. He says it's very difficult to get internships. Local landlords complain that the Africans drink, party and drive rashly. "We are conservative people and these African women dress up badly," a landlord in Delhi told Mail Today. Our children are influenced."
That culture clash has turned into something uglier.
In 2016 in the southern Indian city of Bengaluru, an allegedly inebriated Sudanese student driving a car accidentally ran over a woman on the sidewalk. An angry mob attacked a carload of Tanzanians who happened to be passing through the area, set their car on fire and tore the top off one of the Tanzanian women.
In 2012, Yannick Nihangaza, a student from Burundi, was beaten up by locals who mistook him for someone they had an altercation with outside a liquor shop. He died after two years in a coma. In 2014, Delhi's law minister led a post-midnight raid in a house where four African women lived on the suspicion of a drug and prostitution racket and allegedly forced them to give urine samples. The minister claimed community support for his vigilantism but eventually resigned. In 2016, Masonda Ketada Olivier, a young Congolese French teacher, got into an altercation with three men over an autorickshaw. He died after one of the men allegedly hit him on the head with a stone.
The Indian government always calls the violent incidents "deplorable" and promises "stringent action" but also insists they are not racially motivated. In the Greater Noida case, the local district magistrate insisted "It is absolutely not a hate crime, nor is it some kind of anger against a race."
Even as he said that, banners and posters appeared in the area, hanging at traffic intersections, calling for a "Nigerian-free Greater Noida."
"The government is saying this is not a racial issue. Then I want to know what it is," says Jack.
"Whiteness has always been a preferred category in India," says social scientist Shiv Visvanathan of O.P. Jindal Global University in Sonepat, pointing to the proliferation of newspaper and TV ads for skin-lightening creams. He also notes that even within the Indian caste system there was a gradation of color with the lowest castes and so-called "untouchables" often the darkest. But Visvanathan says that this is "stereotyping beyond racism." He says that those who attack Africans think they are not just black "but ugly because they are lumpen, uncivilized and here just to have a good time." He says there's always an excuse for the provocation — a radio playing too loud, a traffic altercation, alcohol — but it boils down to neighborhood vigilantism where the "crowd shows it knows how to deliver justice to the alien."
While the government shies away from terms like "racial attack," the envoys of Africa stationed here are not mincing their words. Categorically describing the attacks as "racist" they said on Monday that they would take India to the Human Rights Council of the United Nations.
Jack says African students are nervous and their parents back home are terrified. Local embassies are advising the students to not panic and keep calm and remain indoors. The universities are providing food, medical supplies and other essentials until the situation returns to normal.
Jack hopes the fallout over the Indian teen will blow over soon. African students have also met with the police to discuss sensitization and were assured that the Indian government would compensate them for damages and medical bills.
A football match between Indians and Africans is being planned by Sharda University to defuse the tension.
But for jittery African students, such efforts may not be sufficient to make them feel safe.
Jack says he's doing his best to reassure them but he admits if today an African student tells him he is thinking about coming to India, he will have some tough advice.
"Don't make India your study destination. I'll tell them stay home, my friend."
Based in Kolkata, Sandip Roy is the author of the novel Don't Let Him Know. He tweets @sandipr.
Aaaand now you guys see why I don't write poetry. Or write at all. Period.
***************************************************************************************************************************************But hey, now y'all know I'm still alive! xDAnyway, this is a project I've been working on on-and-off for about two weeks now. It's my first time traditionally drawing people from raw imagination (I've done direct from photo a couple times), so it was quite the challenge. I'm glad I did it though; even though it's riddled with mistakes (oh my goodness they're everywhere!) it taught me a lot that I can apply in future work (expect more like this in the future 8D ). This is also one of my first conceptual-based works, but that doesn't really matter to anyone but myself. xDI apologize for the kinda weird quality. You know how it can be, trying to take a photo of your work (especially 11x14 in pages in a dark room). >.< I did digitally manipulate it a bit to try to get it as close to real as possible while maintaining quality. This is the best I can get right now, unfortunately. If I can figure out how to get a better quality, I'll update it.Anyway, yeah. Sirens. I'll draw something else next time, I promise!I hope you all have a great day![Also if you think this should be mature-tagged, let me know]: Here's the WIP-
RUTLAND, Vermont — Mayor Christopher Louras sees trouble ahead for this small city of about 16,000 at the foot of the Green Mountains.
“It's a strong, vibrant community but unless we do something to stem the population decline, we're going to be in big, big trouble,” Louras said. “And it's not just Rutland. Rutland is a microcosm of the state and small towns around the country.”
But the mayor sees a quick fix. He's asked Vermont's resettlement agency to send refugees to Rutland, and says they would help fill vacant housing and entry-level jobs to keep the economy moving.
It's an approach small towns from Montana to Georgia are increasingly considering as they grapple with shrinking and aging populations.
The mayors of Central Fall, Rhode Island; Clarkston, Georgia; and Haledon, New Jersey, joined big-city mayors last year in signing a letter saying they had accepted Syrian refugees and would take more. And as some governors and members of Congress called for a halt to the arrival of refugees from Syria, the mayors of Normal, Urbana and Evanston in Illinois; Socorro, Texas; and Clearfield City, Utah, signed a letter that noted “the importance of continuing to welcome refugees to our country and to our cities.”
Few refugees have resettled in Montana since 1991. But with Missoula Mayor John Engen's support, a branch of the International Rescue Committee opened its doors and the group has arranged to help settle 100 Congolese refugees, who are expected to start arriving this month.
The decision to seek refugees, especially Muslims from Syria, can be a political lightning rod. The mayor of Sandpoint, Idaho — population 7,800 — proposed welcoming Syrian refugees when he was sworn in, in January, but withdrew the idea the same month after raucous protests.
But there's a growing sense among local officials, especially in small towns, that refugees have something to offer the economy, said Eskinder Negash, a former director of the federal Office of Refugee Resettlement.
“Every time a refugee rents an apartment, every time a refugee shops for food, there's some income coming in for the city and going into the tax base,” said Negash, now a senior vice president of the U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants (USCRI), a network of groups that help resettle refugees around the country. “There's a new realization that refugees can be an economic engine for some of these small communities.”
REVERSING THE LOSSES
Small towns and rural areas across the U.S. have been losing population since 2010, though the losses have shrunk to 4,000 a year in 2015 from an average of 33,000 a year earlier in the decade, according to a May report from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
But in many areas, refugees have helped to offset or reverse the losses.
About 350 refugees settled in Fargo, North Dakota, last year, mostly from Somalia, Iraq and Bhutan. And they have contributed to strong population and economic growth, said Fargo's mayor, Dr. Tim Mahoney.
“Our refugees have come in and brought a lot to our community,” Mahoney said. “They opened a mosque, and people came in and said, ‘Oh, this is just like a Lutheran social. There's food.' ”
The refugees also made the city more diverse, Mahoney said, with the non-white population growing from 2 to 11 percent since 2002.
“Our priority is to be a welcoming city and continue to grow in that manner,” Mahoney said.
In Clarkston, Mayor Ted Terry, a Democrat, said you can read the history of world conflict in the city's refugee population. There are Vietnamese, many now elderlies, who came in the wake of the Vietnam War; Ethiopians, Eritreans, Somalis, Sudanese, Bosnians, Bhutanese and Burmese, who started arriving in the '90s; more recent arrivals from Afghanistan and Iraq; and Syrians, who began to arrive last year. Many of the refugees have found jobs in chicken plants, where Mexican immigrants used to work.
Terry, who said he has personally provided one Syrian family with furniture and clothes, said there's always some controversy about refugees. “One school of thought [among residents] is that we don't have room for them,” Terry said. “To that I tell people, ‘What if they weren't here? All these apartments would be vacant, and vacant apartments lead to crime. They are very peaceful, hardworking people.' ”
About 70,000 refugees were resettled in the United States last year. Iraq and Burma were the largest sources of refugees, with a combined 31,000 people. About 1,700 were from Syria; the Obama administration announced last year it wants to ramp the number up to 10,000 this year.
CONTROVERSY IN RUTLAND
Across Vermont, a shrinking and aging population, low unemployment, and a struggle to find workers are hindering economic progress, according to a report this year by the Vermont Chamber Foundation's Vermont Futures initiative. “Vermont will need to find a way to attract and retain qualified workers,” another report found.
Rutland has lost more than 100 people every year this decade, according to census estimates.
The median age in Rutland County is 46.2, up from 44.3 in 2010 and more than eight years above the national median age of 37.8 last year.
Unemployment was 3.6 percent in the area as of May, which Louras said was too low. (The national rate was 4.7 percent and Vermont's was 3.1 percent.) And local businesses say they have a hard time recruiting entry-level workers.
“We don't have enough employees,” said Tyler Richardson, an assistant director of the Rutland Economic Development Corporation. “There's a desperation as to what's the next step, how to attract people to this region, how we fill these positions.”
Louras says refugee families would help fill vacant housing and entry-level jobs, and provide more diversity that could help attract young families to an aging, overwhelmingly white community.
After considering other cities in the state, the Vermont Refugee Resettlement Program, the local affiliate of the USCRI, recommended that 100 Syrian refugees be sent to Rutland. The group is awaiting approval from the U.S. State Department and the refugees could begin to arrive in November, said Stacie Blake, director of government and community relations for USCRI.
A volunteer organization, Rutland Welcomes, has sprung up, with more than 700 volunteers who have broken into committees to learn Arabic and plan for welcoming and cultural exchange events, said Marsha Cassel, a high school French teacher who is part of the volunteer group's informal leadership.
But not everyone in town agrees that refugees are the answer.
Seven of the 11 members on the Rutland Board of Aldermen signed a letter asking the State Department not to send refugees. One of them, Edward Larson, said he wants more background checks and thinks the mayor should have asked the board before proceeding on his own.
“I believe the mayor was wrong in his actions albeit his intentions were good,” Larson said.
Valerie Fusco, 76, has lived in the area since she was 9 years old and raised three children who did well in Rutland as a barber, a salesman and a nurse. But that was the last generation that stayed here, she said.
“The young couples, if they're lucky, go to college and move on because there's nothing here for them. Where are the jobs we're going to give these new people? I have nothing against them but we should take care of our own first,” Fusco said.
But several employers said they would welcome the new arrivals.
The area's largest employer is Rutland Regional Medical Center, with about 1,600 employees. Its president, Tom Huebner, said that of the hospital's 140 job openings, some could be filled by refugees, especially in housekeeping and food service. Ursula Hirschmann, a German immigrant who owns a fast-growing custom windows business in Rutland, said she would hire refugees in entry-level jobs like sanding and assembly.
NEW LIFE AND ENERGY
Small towns don't always have to actively seek refugees. Around 2000, Lewiston, Maine, found itself a preferred destination for Somali Bantu refugees who were initially relocated in more urban areas around the country.
“They were searching for something that felt a little smaller and more intimate, a little more manageable,” said Catherine Besteman, an anthropology professor at Colby College who has written about the Lewiston refugees.
Alarmed by the pace of arrivals, then-mayor Laurier Raymond Jr. wrote a letter in 2002 asking Somalis to stop coming, sparking demonstrations and counter-demonstrations. But a subsequent mayor, Larry Gilbert, said at a U.S. Senate hearing in 2011 that the Somalis had brought “new life and energy” to Lewiston. Besteman agreed.
“Lisbon Street [in Lewiston] had a lot of empty storefronts, and now it's full of Somali cafes, translation agencies, a mosque,” Besteman said. “People think of large urban areas when they think of immigration and refugees, but I think small towns may be where we should be looking.”
This story was produced by Stateline, an initiative of The Pew Charitable Trusts.
[dropcap]E[/dropcap]xactly one week after Hillary Clinton's drubbing in the New Hampshire primary, a group of about 15 women gathered in the Pace Landing section of West Islip for yet another examination of the tumultuous campaign for the Democratic presidential ticket.
But those who assembled on this Tuesday night aren't the type of people you might expect to find in the living room of such a tony neighborhood, considering the generation gap between some of them. It's not age, economic status or familial ties that brought this group together. Instead, it's their political ideology that united them in common belief and action. Although the majority of them were left-leaning women, they were not there to discuss the virtues of the female Democratic presidential contender who could make history as the first woman elected to the White House. These were Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) supporters.
Their gathering came a week after Sanders, a self-proclaimed “Democratic socialist,” routed Clinton in New Hampshire and battled to a near-tie in Iowa. With Sanders rising in the polls nationally and in states like Nevada, where no one ever imagined Clinton would be in a nail-biter, the potential that Sanders could actually walk away with the nomination has emboldened his already rambunctious supporters.
“Bernie talks about everything that has either happened to me in my life or has come out of my mouth at some point,” 34-year-old Melissa Peters, an active member of the Facebook group “Long Islanders for Bernie Sanders,” told the circle. “From being poor, which I've been, from education–student loans have killed me, just wanting the best for my children, watching the opiate problem in our neighborhood and having it personally affect me in my life–literally, everything he says hits me or somebody in my life.”
Like many of Sanders' backers, Peters believes the Vermont Senator speaks to her personal experiences in a way no other politician before him ever has. That's why she is actively campaigning for him, keeping her car well-stocked with bumper stickers and campaign buttons. Her children, ranging from 6 months to 6 years old, are well-known on the Long Island campaign trail, knocking on doors and singing Sanders' praises.
The discussion centered around the issues central to their beliefs: opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, support for a single-payer healthcare system, and rebellion against the establishment and politics as usual. Gatherings like these have been popping up all over the country as grassroots support of Sanders has usurped what had once seemed like a surefire nomination for Hillary Clinton. Indeed, exit polls taken at polling sites during this month's New Hampshire captured what, at the surface, appears to be shockingly high support for Sanders among women, a coveted voting bloc that overwhelmingly favored Sanders by a margin of 55 to 40 percent in New Hampshire.
It probably didn't help Clinton's efforts that feminist leaders Gloria Steinem and Madeleine Albright recently chastised younger women for what they perceived as their dereliction of duty to support her campaign to be the first woman elected president.
On Feb. 5, feminist icon Gloria Steinem suggested on Bill Maher's HBO program that women have been coming out in droves for Sanders not because of their appreciation for the candidate, but out of a primal attraction to men.
“When you're young, you're thinking: ‘Where are the boys? The boys are with Bernie,'” she told Maher. (She later released on apology on her Facebook page.)
Two days later, it was Albright, another former Secretary of State, who got into the mix while stumping for Clinton in New Hampshire.
“We can tell our story of how we climbed the ladder, and a lot of you younger women think it's done,” Albright, 78, said. “It's not done. There's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other!”
A laughing Clinton applauded Albright's biting critique, which many Sanders supporters perceived as flippant.
“A special place in hell?” Peters wrote on her Facebook page with a link to Albright's comments. “Albright and Steinem must think they can insult women into voting for their girl…That itself is insulting to any feminist.”
The women who gathered on Tuesday said that Sanders' message simply resonates more with them than Clinton's.
Their collective enthusiasm stemmed from discovering pockets of like-minded people on an Island that seemingly runs a deep red. The recognition of their commonality has been fostered on social media and cemented through organizing and participating in Bernie-centric events, such as the upcoming march for Bernie in New York City on Feb. 27. Their passion was reminiscent of the groundswell of grassroots support that propelled then-Sen. Barack Obama to the White House in 2008. Yet, they were disappointed by what they perceived as Obama's abandonment of the progressive agenda once he was elected.
Wendy Hoder is a 57-year-old activist and former Democratic committee person who was practically raised from birth to be politically active by her libertarian father, who used to take her as a child to protest such initiatives as the Stony Brook sewage treatment plant, which was polluting Port Jefferson Harbor. Disillusioned with the crop of Democratic candidates, Hoder had decided to sit out the current election—before Sanders threw his hat in the ring. Then everything changed.
“When I heard he was running, I was like, ‘Viva la Revolution!'” she said to the laughter of the Bernie-enthusiasts surrounding her.
Revolution, however, was something close to the heart of Sandra Garay Avila, whose family fled El Salvador following a bloody civil war. She has seen firsthand the political upheaval that comes from a vast disparity in the distribution of wealth.
“It was something like 14 families owned 60 percent of the land,” said Avila. “I always compare it to this country. I see everything that's going on around here. I look around and say this country's not headed in the right direction.”
Sanders' message of combatting income inequality speaks to the heart of Avila's fear in a way that Clinton–or any Republican–does not.
“It's going to be interesting to see what the future of the Democratic Party will look like if Bernie gets the nomination,” said Terry Kalb, a retired teacher from Wading River, referring to Long Island's Democratic Party, which unequivocally supports Hillary Clinton.
“There are plenty of people hurting on Long Island,” Kalb continued. “There are plenty of people barely clinging to an existence on Long Island. It's not just the Gold Coast Democratic Party. So the same kind of revolution that has to happen in Washington is going to have to happen in our smaller communities and in the party system in New York.”
They believe Sanders is just the candidate to reshuffle the political deck as we know it.
(Featured photo credit: Bernie Sanders presidential campaign)
Tonight showed the scale of the challenge for Owen Smith's attempt to unseat Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader.
Following his huge victory last year, and the enormous rise in party membership as a direct result of it, Corbyn starts this Labour leadership contest as firm favourite – he could be on for an even bigger win this September.
So the six leadership hustings scheduled to take place, which will all be streamed live online, are of vital importance to Owen Smith. Smith's pitch is that he has the same radical edge as Corbyn, but is more competent, media friendly and capable of taking Labour into Government. He has been pushing for more hustings, especially televised hustings, but at the moment it looks unlikely we'll get more than the ones already pencilled in. It's in these few bouts that he will really have to make his mark with undecided voters, many of whom won't know much about him.
The pressure, then, was on the Pontypridd MP this evening, as we saw the first head-to-head of the campaign with an hour and forty five minute debate in Cardiff.
Smith performed well, hitting the right tone on treading the line between his policy announcements on public investment and the need for Labour to be seen as a government-in-waiting.
But Corbyn – who has been in his element in recent weeks, using his well-attended rallies across the country as a warm up for the campaign – was on top of his arguments, and made his pitch well too. Smith will struggle to make headway while the Labour leader looks comfortable.
On Trident, one of Corbyn's passions, he received raucous applause for his commitment to unilateral disarmament. The South Wales audience did the unthinkable and groaned as Smith invoked Nye Bevan in his own multilateral argument.
Corbyn also went hard on distancing himself from Labour under Ed Miliband, saying “we were not an anti-austerity party” going into the 2015 election. “It's not good enough to go on the doorstep and say we'll have fewer cuts than they will, that we'll be austerity-lite,” he said, to further applause.
Smith, meanwhile, was convincing on his bid to be seen as a left winger but, as his supporters are pointing out, agreeing with Jeremy will not deliver him victory. It is only on the dividing lines where he might be able to start shifting votes in his favour.
Raising concerns about the party looking “more disunited” now brought vocal dissent within the room – but that may have served to reinstate his point for members watching at home. He also raised the what he saw as the rising problem of anti-Semitism within Labour, which again received audible groans from the audience.
The two campaigns, though, both feel they found a winning point in their opponent's comments this evening.
For Owen Smith, it was on Corbyn's supposed failure during the EU referendum to make a strong enough case for Remain – and his claim not to have called for the immediate triggering of Article 50 has already been turned into a short attack video. This could prove effective with an assiduously pro-EU selectorate in the Labour Party.
Corbyn's attack line may still prove more pointed, however. His backers are tonight arguing that their man spoke of the need to build a social movement as well as a government-in-waiting – and that in the closing statements Corbyn spoke of what “we” can achieve while Smith spoke of his personal qualities. It will take a lot to counter that narrative.
LaLiga will be heavily represented at UEFA EURO 2016. In the last international break, a total of 28 players from LaLiga got the qualifying for the big European event which will be held next summer in France.
The Spanish team, as expected, had the greater number of players. In particular, thirteen Liga BBVA players attended the matches against Luxembourg and Ukraine, which were resolved with victories for Vicente Del Bosque's selection.
Xabier Etxeita and Mikel San Jose (Athletic Club), Juanfran Torres (Atlético Madrid), Nolito (RC Celta), Gerard Pique, Jordi Alba, Marc Bartra and Sergio Busquets (FC Barcelona), Nacho Fernéndez and Isco Alarcon (Real Madrid) Sergio Rico (Sevilla FC), Paco Alcácer (Valencia CF) and Mario Gaspar (Villarreal CF) were the players who could celebrate firsthand the qualification of Spain for the Euro.
One of the latest national teams to achieve the target was Croatia, represented by Ivan Rakitic (FC Barcelona), Duje Čop (Málaga CF) and Luka Modrić and Mateo Kovačić (Real Madrid). The checkered selection started in third position of the group before facing the last match of the qualifiers, but eventually reached the reward with a victory against Malta.
Germany is another of the teams that accomplished the pass, with three players from LaLiga: Marc-André ter Stegen (FC Barcelona), Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) and Shkodran Mustafi (Valencia CF). With two footballers from the Spanish League, did likewise Romania, with Razvan Rat (Rayo Vallecano) and Florin Andone (Córdoba CF), and Portugal, with Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) and Tiago (Atletico Madrid).
In addition, Zakaria Bakkali (Valencia CF) got the qualification for Euro with Belgium, Denis Cheryshev (Real Madrid) with Russia, Grzegorz Krychowiak (Sevilla FC) with Poland and Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) with Wales.
The hosts, with five representatives
During this break there were also five players from LaLiga that played for France. Antoine Griezmann (Atletico Madrid), Benoit Trémoulinas (Sevilla FC), Alphonse Areola (Villarreal), Raphael Varane and Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) stood up for Les Bleus, which will be at UEFA EURO 2016 as hosts.
This morning Tesla announced a voluntary recall of 53,000 vehicles shipped in 2016. Tesla shipped a total of 76,000 vehicles in 2016, so this is a large fraction of the company's sales for the year.
According to Tesla, a defective part in the parking brake could prevent the brake from releasing. “We do not believe this issue could ever lead to a safety concern for customers and we have not seen a single accident or injury relating to it,” Tesla said in an email statement to Vox. The worst that could happen is that a vehicle could be immobilized by a parking brake that can't be disengaged.
Still, Tesla is asking customers to get their cars checked out. According to CNBC, Tesla expects the process to take about 45 minutes and that no more than 5 percent of cars actually have the defective component. Tesla says that the supplier of the defective part, Brembo, will be covering the cost of the repairs.
Tesla's stock value fell about 2 percent after the news broke. The defect will add to questions about the overall reliability of Tesla's vehicles. Quality control is particularly important for mass-market vehicles like Tesla's forthcoming Model 3, and critics have questioned whether Tesla can match the high quality standards achieved by incumbent carmakers.
by Bruce Wark
We love our cars and woe betide the journalist who tries to tally the immense costs of that love, not just in the deaths and injuries this most personal mode of transportation brings, but also in its elephantine social, financial and environmental costs.
automakers and their dealers spend billions persuading us that we need the speed, power and glamour of their products and perhaps because car ads are a dominant source of their income, mainstream media show little inclination to investigate the true costs of car culture. There are also ideological reasons for this lapse. The business-oriented economists most frequently quoted in the news see private spending as a source of growth and prosperity, while public spending is portrayed as an economic drag, a necessary evil at best. Since cars are classified as private, household commodities, the more we spend on them the better—or so the myth goes.
In what follows, I'll try to calculate some of the true costs of automobility, not because I hate cars (I drive one myself), but to show that car culture is a lot more costly than we think.
I'll begin with the figures I dug up in 2003 when I co-authored an article on car costs for GPI Atlantic's quarterly publication Reality Check. “How much does your car really cost?” presents the main findings. The article appears on page three. It shows we spend more on cars than we do on food.
Judging by my most recent research, not much has changed. Spending on cars is still the single, the biggest category of household spending. We also continue to spend more on the care and feeding of our cars than we do on our entire health-care system, though you'd never know it if you depend on the mainstream news media for your information. In the media, health costs are always “soaring” and are frequently described as “unsustainable.” Automobile spending is never described in these terms.
Let's look at 2009, the last year for which I could find good, comparative figures.
The Canadian Institute for Health Information (CIHI) estimates that total health care spending in 2009 was $182.1 billion. Taxpayers contributed 70% or $129.1 billion to pay for hospitals and doctors, while private spenders paid the other $53 billion mainly for drugs and other health professionals. As I'll show below, we spend far more on our automobiles than we do on health care and a hefty chunk of our health bill results from car crashes.
Since health care is considered more public than private, it's easy to get precise, year-by-year spending figures. But since car costs are considered more private than public, it requires a bit of sleuthing (and guess work) to calculate them. According to Statistics Canada, car dealers and the sellers of auto parts, accessories and tires had retail sales of $88.5 billion in 2009 while gasoline stations' retail sales amounted to $42.1 billion, for a total of $130.6 billion.
While those figures are interesting, they're not all that precise for figuring out what car owners pay. For example, companies buy parts, accessories, tires and gasoline too for their vehicle fleets. On the other hand, those figures are also likely too low because they don't capture other kinds of car spending such as outlays for insurance, taxes, registration and licence fees, financing costs and depreciation. To calculate total car costs as accurately as possible, we must turn to the Canadian Automobile Association's 2009 brochure on Driving Costs where we find that the total annual cost of owning and operating a 4-cylinder Chevrolet Cobalt LT four-door sedan that is driven 16,000 km is $8227.25 or 51.4 cents per km. The total cost of owning and operating a 6-cylinder Dodge Grand Caravan four-door passenger van that is driven 16,000 km is $10,928.95 or 68.3 cents per km.
A 2009 report from Natural Resources Canada tells us that there were 19,755,945 light vehicles consisting of passenger cars, (about 58%) station wagons, SUVs, vans and pickup trucks (about 42%) in use in Canada for an average of 1.47 cars per household. (Statistics Canada reports the number of households in 2009 at 13,417,000.) The average light vehicle was driven 15,336 km. Here are the calculations: Cobalt LT: $8,227 X 19.8 million X .58 = $94,478,000,000 or $94.5 billion. Grand Caravan: $10,928 X 19.8 million X .42 = $90,877,000,000 or $90.9 billion. The Grand Total = $185.4 billion.
The social costs of auto fatalities and injuries are rarely calculated. In 2007, however, Transport Canada released a study based on figures gathered in 2004. The study showed that in Ontario alone, the social cost of collisions amounted to $18 billion. Fatalities cost an estimated $11 billion, injuries $4 billion and property damage $2 billion. Other costs included health and hospital costs, traffic delays as well as spending for police, fire and ambulance services. The study estimated that for Canada as a whole, the social costs of the 613,000 car crashes in 2004 came to $63 billion.
The costs to build, repair and maintain Canada's million kilometres of roads are also considerable. Transport Canada reports that in 2009-2010 alone, those costs amounted to $4.5 billion.
Finally, over the last 10 years, federal and provincial subsidies to the big automakers came to more than $15 billion including the $13.7 billion that General Motors and Chrysler received during the 2008 economic crisis.
The list could go on—subsidies for fossil fuel extraction, for example, as well as the costs associated with smog, climate change, air and water pollution and habitat destruction, but for today, let's end here. An extensive report on all costs in Nova Scotia is available online in the 2006 GPI Atlantic Transportation Report.
The full interview as submitted is given below. It was conducted by the organisers of the Mainz Chess Classic where Karpov will attend a special celebration in August honoring the 80-year-old Wolfgang Unzicker. Together with Boris Spassky, Viktor Kortchnoi and Unzicker he will play a double round robin rapid tournament, the "Unzicker Gala80" on August 9 and 10, 2005 in the Rheingoldhalle in Mainz, Germany.
Here are a few especially provocative quotes by Karpov in the interview:
Kasparov knocked himself out and became a victim of his own pitiful diplomacy. After that he stepped back from chess which is not good for chess in general at all.
Even a dickhead would do a better job than Ilyumzhinov. The chaos in the chess world is caused by “leaders” who are unable to do their job properly.
Ilyumzhinov must go as soon as possible, also the rest of his gang, who are plundering FIDE.
It is absurd to have people like Zurab Azmaiparashvili in the FIDE team, who is attacking policemen like a madman, or the convicted Indian Ummer Koya.
When Ilyumzhinov found out that the world championship title and the names of Karpov and Kasparov were far more interesting than the name of the president of FIDE, he decided to devaluate the title, because he could not deal with the fact that others are more popular. Well, he succeeded, but unfortunately he destroyed chess as well.
People knew about 110 years of chess history. Nowadays, nobody is able to tell you the name of the world champion of 2000.
I hope that Bobby Fischer is safe in Iceland now. I am very happy that this story in Japan has ended peacefully for him. This whole fuss did not only damage Fischer's image, but that of the USA as well.
My relations with Kortchnoi depend on whether he has slept well. If he had bad dreams, he speaks a lot of rubbish.
Interview with Anatoly Karpov
“Even a dickhead will do a better job than Ilyumzhinov”
By Hartmut Metz – translation by Eric van Reem
Anatoly Karpov is still able to fill headlines. The UNICEF ambassador is engaged in a project involving children who are suffering from iodine deficiency. He has more than 50 chess schools worldwide and he is also working for his own cause: Anatoly Karpov is one of the candidates to follow in the footsteps of the unpopular president of the world chess federation FIDE, Kirsan Ilyumzhinov. The European Chess Union (ECU) is positioning the chess legend against the president of the Republic of Kalmykia. Although we hardly see the 54-year old ex-world champion at the board nowadays, Karpov still loves the game. On August 9 and 10 (starting at 16.00) Karpov will play in the Unzicker Gala, celebrating the 80th birthday of Wolfgang Unzicker in the Rheingoldhalle in Mainz. Not only the grandmaster from Munich will participate, Boris Spassky and Viktor Kortchnoi will complete the field.
Question: Is the best chess player ever still playing or did he step back from chess?
Karpov: No, I am still playing.
Contrary to 42-year old Gary Kasparov, who retired from chess this year you are still playing. Only recently you won another tournament in the French town of Burdeos.
Karpov: Correct: I won my 161st international tournament. In Burdeos I won the decisive game against the strong player Hichem Hamdouchi from Morocco. France seems to be a good spot for me to play. Last year I won my 160th tournament in France as well, in Aix-en-Provence to be precise.
So, you are still not tired of chess yet and you do not seek new goals in life like Kasparov obviously tries to? Are you going to play as long as you arch rival Viktor Kortchnoi, who is still playing, although he is 74 years old?
Karpov: I still love to play chess. So I do not even spend a minute on the possibility to step back.
What do you think about Kasparov's sudden decision to stop playing tournament chess?
Karpov during a recent simultaneous chess event in Baden Baden, Germany
Karpov: I guess that his own political stratagems with Kirsan Ilyumzhinov exhausted him. He changed his point of view at least three times. At a certain point he was a good friend of the FIDE president, a short time later he was his fiercest enemy, but a month later they were on good terms again. Kasparov even travelled to Kalmykia to negotiate about his last chance to play in the world championship cycle, but Ilyumzhinov cheated on him once more and after that they were enemies again. In the end he knocked himself out and became a victim of his own pitiful diplomacy. After that, Kasparov stepped back from chess which is, and I want this to be clear, not good for chess in general at all. As a whole, the current situation in the chess world leaves a lot to be desired.
To change this situation, you are supposed to take over the FIDE presidency. The European Chess Union wants you to become a candidate for the job.
Karpov: Of course, even a dickhead would do a better job than Ilyumzhinov. The situation can not become worse anymore, so it would be rather easy to improve in the beginning. The chaos in the chess world is caused by these “leaders” who are unable to do their job properly. The priority must be the unification of the world titles to straighten things out. But we should not wait that long anymore to change the situation, because we are running out of time.
If the ECU were to speak with one voice, you would have 53 votes and federations behind you. That would be a powerful alliance that should be enough to get rid of Ilyumzhinov, don't you think?
Karpov: No, no, it is obvious that the ECU should act as a close alliance for the benefit of chess. At the moment it is more than clear for everybody that Ilyumzhinov must go as soon as possible. But not only he should pack his bags, also the rest of his gang, who are plundering FIDE. The problem is that you never can tell if these FIDE officials are telling the truth or are lying in your face again. Of course, the latter is mostly the case. It is far more difficult to catch them telling the truth (smiles).
In case of a victory you would follow in the footsteps of the Dutchman Max Euwe. He was world chess champion and FIDE president.
Karpov: Let us not discuss this. One thing, however, is very clear: we need a new FIDE president and a new FIDE team. It is absurd to have people like Zurab Azmaiparashvili in the team, who is attacking policemen like a madman, or the convicted Indian Ummer Koya. And what about the arrested Romanian Crisan? A nice bunch of people, don't you think? It is no surprise that chess has a bad image nowadays. We have to change it and we should not forget that chess also has something positive to offer. I am thinking about chess in schools in particular. In the USA more than 3200 children competed in an event. In Kansas I have a chess school. Children can take lessons in that school via the Internet and can score extra points like e.g. in Geography or History. That sounds very promising and is a fantastic basis for future steps.
How many Karpov chess schools can we find worldwide nowadays?
Karpov: That is not an easy question to answer. I have to admit that I do not know exactly how many schools I run. Last year I opened a few new schools. In Lithuania alone I opened no less than three schools. I have 25 schools in Russia at the moment. I think that you can find schools in more than 20 countries worldwide. More than 50 schools, I would say.
The Karpov Chess Centre here in Baden-Baden was one of your first projects in that field.
Karpov: Yes, next year we will celebrate its 10th anniversary. Only in Russia I started earlier with my schools. Baden-Baden meant a breakthrough in the globalization of the project. At first nobody could imagine that it would make sense to make chess an integral part of the education, but fortunately that point of view has changed.
You do also support UNICEF as an ambassador.
Karpov: In particular, I am busy fighting iodine deficiency with children. As a result they stay behind in their development, which often occurs in many of the 29 Eastern European countries I am working for as UNICEF ambassador. Meanwhile, more than two-thirds of the countries constituted a law to improve the situation for these children. According to the latest statistics these countries do not only slowly gain up on the standards in Western Europe, but have overtaken them. Bulgaria is the first state that has been awarded for its excellent fight against iodine deficiency by UNICEF. Next year we should have reached all our goals, so than I have to find another challenge. I like to do projects in which you can see statistical results. I am very happy for all these small children, who have been the biggest group of victims of iodine deficiency.
Let's go back to Baden-Baden: Have you ever thought about playing here in the Bundesliga for the local chess club, OSC Baden-Baden? Some chess superstars are playing here.
Playing the simul in Baden Baden
Karpov: It is not attractive for me to play here. I do not like the Bundesliga system with two games in one weekend – in particular playing on an early Sunday morning! You spend more time travelling than sitting at the board and actually play. No, I do not want to sacrifice four days for two games. My time is too valuable to do that.
Who is the real word champion at the moment?
Karpov: Now you are asking me a really difficult question (smiles). I don't know. Ok, Kasimdzhanov won this tournament, this KO tourney. I do not want to devalue him of course, but he is not the real world champion. I want to give you an example to show you the value of a world champion nowadays: Alexander Khalifman received a few invitations after he became world champion and he played in Linares. After the tournament he gave interviews in which he said that he was happy not to have landed on the last place! You see, it is obvious that the title you win in a KO event is not attractive, which is exactly what Ilyumzhinov wanted! In the beginning he had some good and clear goals. But when he found out that the world championship title and the names of Karpov and Kasparov were far more interesting than the name of the president of FIDE, he decided to devaluate the title, because he could not deal with the fact that others are more popular. Well, he succeeded, but unfortunately he destroyed chess as well. Maybe he is happy now, but many others are not so happy about the situation. We need strong personalities and only one world champion to attract sponsors.
So, for you as FIDE president, a unification of the world title would be the first point on your agenda?
Karpov: Exactly. I am convinced that Kasimdzhanov would never have become world champion if he had played eight or more games per round. In Tripoli he showed some good nerves, but that is not enough to deserve the title. First of all, we have to go back to the classical time control. It is not a good thing however to play marathon matches like the ones I played against Kortchnoi or Kasparov. Besides, classical chess should not be mixed with rapid chess or even blitz. If we had played like this in the past, Mikhail Botvinnik or Boris Spassky would have never become world champions.
In the past, people knew the name of the world champion. Nowadays, everybody is exchangeable.
Karpov: You are right. People knew about 110 years of chess history. Nowadays, nobody is able to tell you the name of the world champion of 2000.
In August you will play the Unzicker Gala in the Chess Classic Mainz tournament. Can you share a few memories you have when you think of Wolfgang Unzicker?
Karpov: Oh yes, I have known Wolfgang for a very long time, despite the fact that he is from another generation. The first time we played was in Hastings, in the early seventies. In 1974 we met in Nice, during the Chess Olympiad. Unzicker was one of the best chess players in the world so everybody needs to know who he is. Even very young masters should analyse his games. I was really surprised when I heard that he is already 80 years old!
All the world champions came from Russia, except Bobby Fischer. In theory they were called amateurs by the Russian government, but would you regard Unzicker as an amateur world champion, because he worked as a judge?
Karpov: That is possible, for a certain period he was one of the strongest amateurs, no doubt about it. It is difficult however to make comparisons. The Icelandic grandmaster Fridrik Olafsson, who worked as a lawyer, was as strong as Unzicker, but he is from another generation.
What do you think about the battle with the senior giants in Mainz with Unzicker, Spassky and Kortchnoi? You are at 54 the youngest player in this group!
Karpov: I like the tournament. I haven't played Spassky and Kortchnoi for a while. And the last encounter with Wolfgang was played 25 years ago in Bad Kissingen.
So you could say that only Bobby Fischer is missing in this exquisite field.
Karpov: I hope that he is safe in Iceland now. I am very happy that this story in Japan has ended peacefully for him. This whole fuss did not only damage Fischer's image, but that of the USA as well. The way the Americans treated one of their most popular citizens did not make a positive impression worldwide.
You were even a bit disappointed, when main organiser Hans-Walter Schmitt informed you that you have to play normal chess instead of Chess960. Maybe a match against Fischer is still possible, if you play Chess960, the chess variant Fischer himself invented?
Karpov: I would love to play Chess960 with Fischer. It is not necessary to spend ages preparing some opening variations, because there is just no theory. It is important to be in good shape and to have a clear mind. Than you can play a match with Fischer and you can even beat him. I doubt however that we will ever play a match. It will only be possible if Fischer desperately needs the money.
Viktor Kortchnoi will be very motivated to play against you. It seems that he is still eager to beat you, despite the fact that he is 74 years old. How is your relationship with him nowadays?
Karpov: It depends on whether he has slept well. If he had bad dreams, he speaks a lot of rubbish.
I assume that you want to win your 162nd tournament in Mainz. Or is it possible that we will see a kind and not such an ambitious Anatoly Karpov, especially in the games against Unzicker, the person who is celebrating his birthday?
Karpov: This tournament is all about Wolfgang, it is not important if I win another tourney! It will be a great gift for the fans to be able to watch grandmasters, great grandmasters from different generations and to see exciting games.
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Richards right for Roy
If England is looking to add an extra defender for the next raft of games, they could do far worse than consider a Micah Richards recall.
Even in a struggling side, the Villa captain's form has been solid so far this season and against Stoke he proved once again that he has the quality and the fitness to be in contention.
Roy Hodgson will have been keeping an eye on Richards and there is no way the quality of his performances have gone unnoticed.
Richards is a great reader of the game and plays with a relentless energy that Villa certainly need. Perhaps England could benefit from it too.
A superb last-ditch tackle in the opening stages against Stoke prevented Villa conceding a certain goal and summed up a commanding display.
A display that saw him as active at the other end of the pitch as he was in defence
Don't be surprised to see that call up soon.
Gana game will benefit Villa
Tim Sherwood has singled out Idrissa Gana as a new player that has really impressed him and the Senegal midfielder showed against Stoke that he is settling into the claret and blue colours quite comfortably.
Perhaps the tidiest player on the pitch, he does the simple things well and displays real quality on and off the ball.
He has a good engine and a good footballing brain and as the season goes on he will prove to be the most consistent of performers in the centre of Villa's midfield.
Get at them!
Villa must start stronger.
It wasn't until they went 1-0 down that Villa finally woke up.
The arrival of Jack Grealish helped as they finally started to probe the towering Stoke City defence.
Villa need much more invention and ingenuity in the opening stages of the game, particularly at home.
For the first 45 minutes they seemed content to launch wayward balls in an attempt to find the head of Gestede.
That particular tactic is far more effective when the ball is whipped in as part of a flowing attacking move.
Unfortunately the wing-back system seemed to flounder with obvious crosses proving easy for Stoke to defend.
There was a static look to Villa early on and the old adage of taking the game to the opposition is something they need to do from the off.
Fans pay good money to watch Villa go for the jugular against teams like Stoke. There was no danger of that today.
Work of Westwood wasted
Ashley Westwood reminds me of Michael Carrick
Westwood is very much the unsung hero in the Villa midfield, rarely putting a foot wrong but constantly making thinks tick.
He reminds me of Michael Carrick at his best, a player with a good passing range constantly trying to orchestrate the play from deep in his own half.
Quite often such players are cruelly dubbed the water-carriers of the team. It's an important role and one he executes with some aplomb.
Unfortunately the players in front of him aren't doing his hard work justice all of the time.
Gil must start
Carles Gil showed in a brief substitute cameo why he must have a more prominent role in the Villa side.
Playmakers of real quality are a rare commodity that are worth their weight in gold - and goals. .
I remember watching YouTube videos of Gil when he was first linked and thinking that this could be a real player for the club.
Nothing has changed. His quick feet and intricate footwork need to have a place in the Villa starting XI.
Players like him get called luxury players. That's fine if you have the luxury of being able to leave him out.
Villa don't.
They need to be bold, it will more than likely get them out of their current hole by getting Gil starting in the hole.
Frank Micelotta Archive / Contributor
On March 17, the Seattle police department released new images of the gun that Kurt Cobain used to commit suicide in 1994. The photos are so stark and ordinary that they feel jarring. How can these sterile images represent one of the most highly publicized, scrutinized, and memorialized deaths in modern cultural memory? But they do, because Kurt was human. He shot himself and he died.
This week, 22 years after Cobain's death, it's clearer than ever that his posthumous myth remains potent. The images emerged after CBS News filed a public records request to gain and publish them in order to dispel persistent, unfounded conspiracy claims that Seattle police destroyed the gun to conceal evidence of a murder, not a suicide.
Claims like this, and nastier ones implicating Kurt's widow, Courtney Love, have been perpetuated nearly as long as he's been dead. Nick Broomfield's dubious 1998 documentary, Kurt & Courtney, provided plenty of fuel for conspiracy fires. But releasing the photos to help quell one aspect of a bizarre theory is futile – conspiracy theorists will always find their way to more "truths." The larger problem is that the images only push our martyr-obsessed culture further toward a morbid extreme.
Let Kurt Cobain rest already. It's been over two decades now.
When the photos came out, I somewhat flippantly tweeted that we might even get to see the full corpse photos in a few years. I meant it. It's terrifying enough that you can click into a gallery of 34 crime scene photos and see shots of Kurt's limp body slumped on the floor where he died, his wrist still bearing a hospital bracelet and his foot still in a black sneaker. What's to stop the rest of the images, as gruesome as they are, from popping up online someday soon?
The latest photos arrived not long after Justin Bieber (or, more accurately, his stylist Karla Welch) aped a flannel-heavy grunge aesthetic for his Purpose tour, holding Unplugged-style acoustic jams at his concerts with a left-handed guitar and a mini mop of blond hair, and donning Cobain-faced t-shirts just to make sure we don't miss the subtext.
Kevin Mazur/WireImage
At least Bieber repped Cobain's likeness and not his suicide note – which did, in fact, exist on t-shirts you could buy, for a little while anyway, before they were wisely pulled. Just as you don't need to wear a shirt like that, you don't need to look at the death scene photos or the pics of the shotgun. Maybe just listen to Incesticide, or learn how to play "About a Girl" on guitar, instead.
What we really need is less mining of Cobain's public remains for shallow returns, and more heartfelt reinterpretations of his work – just ask Sturgill Simpson.
SALT LAKE CITY — The 2015 Tour of Utah will feature 16 of the best men's cycling teams on Aug. 3-9. The route for the men's and women's races was released Thursday.
With a 51,442-feet elevation gain during the 712-mile course, the race has been named “America's toughest stage race” and is considered the most challenging races in North America, according to a Tour of Utah news release.
The Larry H. Miller Tour of Utah gained international status in 2011 when it was sanctioned by the Union Cycliste Internationale, and in 2015, the race has been elevated to a 2.HC rating, one of only four such events in North America, the news release said. This year's Tour of Utah will continue as the first internationally sanctioned cycling competition in North America for men, following the Tour de France.
“With the route for the Tour of Utah changing each year, we are proud to design courses that continue to challenge the best cyclists on the planet with the toughest mountain terrain,” Larry H. Miller Tour of Utah executive director Jenn Andrs said in a news release. “The race route gives us an opportunity to showcase the diverse beauty of northern Utah, and a portion of Idaho for the first time, making it a win-win scenario for new communities and cycling fans.”
The 2015 race will be the second-longest course in 11 years and will pass 10 ski resorts, several state parks and will run through part of Idaho. Here's the route for the men's 7-day race.
Stage 1: Monday, Aug. 3, from 9:15 a.m. to 2:45 p.m., 132 miles
At 132 miles, the first leg of the race will be the longest opening day in Tour of Utah history, the news release said. The route will take riders from downtown Logan, through Logan Canyon and Garden City, then navigate 48 miles around Bear Lake, passing into Idaho on the north side of the lake. The race will return through Garden City and Logan Canyon and the first leg will end in downtown Logan along North 100 East and Federal Avenue.
Stage 2: Tuesday, Aug. 4, from 10:45 a.m. to 2:45 p.m., 100.3 miles
Stage 2: 100.3 miles. Graphic Credit: Tour of Utah
The second leg of the tour will begin in Tremonton and riders will race along Highway 89 to Honeyville, Brigham City, Perry and Willard, the news release said. The race will continue through Ogden where it will head west through Ogden Canyon and around Pineview Reservoir before returning to Ogden via the North Ogden Divide. Once the race re-enters downtown Ogden, spectators will be able to watch three laps of a 2.28-mile circuit before the cyclists finish at historic 25th Street across from Ogden Municipal Gardens.
Stage 3: Wednesday, Aug. 5, from 10:05 a.m. to 2:45 p.m., 107.9 miles
The third leg of the race takes cyclists through Davis County for the first time and begins at Antelope Island State Park, the news release said. The race will go four miles on the island and will then cross the seven-mile causeway. Racers will continue up the North Ogden Divide and the Eden Valley, and after racing around Pineview Reservoir, will head up Trapper's Loop.
The race will re-enter Davis County and have two nine-mile circuits in Bountiful, including 400 North along the Bountiful Bench. The third leg will finish in downtown Bountiful at Main Street and Center Street.
Stage 4: Thursday, Aug. 6 from 9:30 a.m. to 2:45 p.m., 128.7 miles
The fourth leg will start and finish at Soldier Hollow in the Heber Valley. The race will go up Daniels Canyon past Strawberry Reservoir and into Duchesne County for the first time, the news release said. The route will continue through the Uinta National Forest, up Wolf Creek Pass and into Woodland, passing through Midway on the way back to Soldier Hollow.
Stage 5: Friday, Aug. 7 from 4:40 p.m. to 6:45 p.m., 55 miles
Stage 5: 55 miles. Graphic Credit: Tour of Utah
The fifth leg of the race will circle through downtown Salt Lake City, starting on 500 North near the Utah State Capitol, the news release said. It will continue past City Creek Canyon, the Avenues neighborhood, the University of Utah and then down South Temple where it will turn right on State Street. The route will then turn on North Temple to 200 West, passing through the Marmalade and Capitol Hill neighborhoods.
The race will continue right on 600 North before turning onto Wall Street and Zane Avenue and then finishing at the Utah Capitol. The race will do seven laps around the downtown loop, for a total of 55 miles. Spectators can watch at Reservoir Park where they can see the race pass on three sides of the park.
Stage 6: Saturday, Aug. 8 from 10:50 a.m. to 3:45 p.m., 110.4 miles
This 110-mile leg includes 12,959 feet of climbing from Salt Lake City to the Snowbird Ski Resort. The sixth leg will start in front of the historic Rio Grande Depot in downtown Salt Lake City, go past Pioneer Park and turn onto 800 North to Emigration Canyon. The race will continue through Morgan and Summit counties on the way to Park City and through Guardsman Pass, followed by the fast descent of Big Cottonwood Canyon to Wasatch Boulevard.
This leg will finish with the six-mile climb of Little Cottonwood Canyon to the Snowbird Ski Resort.
Stage 7: Sunday, Aug. 9, from 12:20 p.m. to 3:45 p.m., 78 miles
The 78-mile final leg will start and finish on historic Main Street in Park City and include one of the toughest climbs in the world at Empire Pass. This six-mile climb has a gradient that averages 10 percent, with inclines greater than 20 percent, the news release said.
During the 2014 Tour of Utah, former world champion and Tour de France champion Cadel Evans caught and passed the lead group on the Mine Road, reaching speeds of more than 60 miles per hour.
The Tour of Utah Women's Edition: Criterium Classic Route Highlights
The women's race will be a two-day event and will follow similar routes as the men's first and second legs.
The top women's professional and elite cycling teams will race for 75 minutes on a technical 1.5-mile course in downtown Logan for the first leg. It will start at 100 East and Federal Avenue at 11 a.m. and will turn left on Center Street and start a long, gradual climb through Boulevard to 400 East. Then the riders turn left on 300 North and encounter a fast downhill to the finish line.
The women's second leg will be held from 11:30 a.m. to 12:45 p.m. in Ogden. The start/finish will be located on historic 25th Street and Kiesel Avenue, across from the Ogden Municipal Gardens. The 1.5-mile circuit turns right on Washington Avenue to 28th Street, followed by a right turn on Grant Avenue, a left turn on 26th Street, a right turn on Lincoln Avenue, then a final right turn on Historic 25th Street to the finish line.
Commuters should be aware of the times and areas for each leg of the race and avoid those areas if possible.
×
Photos
Related Links
Related Stories
When the lockout shortened 2012-13 NHL season began last January, few believed the Montreal Canadiens had a glimpse of hope to win the old Northeast Division title. They proved everyone wrong. Under the leadership of returnee head coach, notorious hard man Michel Therrien, the Habs had an outstanding regular season. There record of 29-14-5 was 4th best in the entire NHL and 2nd best in the Eastern Conference.
Often, a team is judged by its player personnel as much as its performance, and the Habs don't have the star power or recognized depth up front to compare with some teams they'll compete against this season. The lack of star power throughout the Canadiens forward group raises questions about their ability to duplicate as division champions. Not to say the Habs aren't capable of scoring goals, but it's questionable whether they can produce enough offence to finish 1st again.
New Faces Will Help The Habs In 2013-14
The addition of Danny Briere is a sentimental one, which is always the case when an established native of Quebec joins the NHL's most celebrated franchise. However, Briere's best playing days are behind him, and injuries remain a problem for the highly skilled, clutch forward. With age and sustainable fitness an issue for Briere, this signing comes with some risks. As always, with risk there is the potential for reward or disappointment. A healthy Briere is still a skillful weapon, even at this point in his career. As long as the shifty native of Gatineau, Quebec can stay injury free he will contribute on the scoreboard and in the leadership department for the Montreal Canadiens throughout the 2013-14 NHL season.
The Habs signed lumbering defenceman Douglas Murray to a 1-year deal worth $1.5 million during the off season. The Swede with the most Canadian name in hockey is a fearless shot blocker and penalty kill specialist at this stage in his career. For the money and term it's a good deal for the Habs. Good penalty killing usually means trip to the playoffs.
Murray won't be overused in Montreal. The Habs stable of blue liners is strong at the high-end side. Long time force on the Canadiens defence, Andrei Markov, last season's Norris Trophy winner, P. K. Subban, and veteran leader Josh Gorges make up the backbone of one of the best defence corps' in the National Hockey League. Murray won't have to play big minutes. He'll be an effectively spotted specialist on the Canadiens.
In between the pipes, the Habs are in good shape. Goaltender Carey Price has become one of the best puck stoppers in the NHL over the last five seasons. Much was made of Price's disappointing playoffs, but he'll bounce back – Price is going to win hockey games.
Winning The Atlantic Is Going To Be Difficult For The Habs
NHL Realignment has changed the makeup of the league's divisions. The Habs don't lose any rivals from last season, however, they do gain three more. The Detroit Red Wings, Florida Panthers and Tampa Bay Lightning join the old Northeast teams to form a division of 8. At least 3 of the 8 teams in the Atlantic will make the playoffs this season, at most 5. Because the other new Eastern Conference division also suffers from a wealth of competitive cosmopolitans it's hard to predict this early in the year who the wild card favourites are. Basically, the Habs, and their rivals will be fighting tooth and nail for a spot in the top three, not wanting to rely on a potential wild card slot.
In a way, the Northeast is anyone's for the taking, so the Habs have a realistic chance at securing a second straight division title if all goes well. Their main competition consists of 4 franchises that also made the playoffs in 2012-13, one of them being the club that quickly eliminated the Canadiens from the 1st round of the playoffs last Spring.
The Boston Bruins, Toronto Maple Leafs, Ottawa Senators and Detroit Red Wings form the Habs' major competition for a second straight division title. All four teams have recently proven their ability to win hockey games. It's likely at least one of last years' playoff teams doesn't enjoy a follow-up trip this year. Where the Habs fit into that mix is up in the air, but one thing is for sure – they are definitely in the mix.
Share this: Share
Twitter
Google
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Print
Hi, today we have released K3b 1.90.0 which is a Release Candidate for 2.0 version. You can grab the sources here.
Basides bugfixes the main change is that K3bSetup uses KAuth now. That means kdelibs 4.4 are required to build it. If you want to build K3b with kdelibs 4.3 you'll need to disable K3bSetup at configure time (pass -DK3B_BUILD_K3BSETUP=OFF option to cmake).
I would like to thank all users who took a time and filled bug reports. Without you K3b wouldn't be as stable as it is now.
We plan to release the final version on March 15.
Changelog since K3b 1.70 (2.0-beta1)
Changes:
K3bSetup ported to KAuth framework
Bugfixes:
Crash on start of Audio Ripping Dialog (226595)
Incorrect ordering of files added to Audio Project (224649)
Too wide Image Burn Dialog when file path was long (225735)
Crash when creating image files for AudioCD project (219500)
Crash when manipulating VCD project items (227855)
Mixed-up metadata in files created with external encoder (227927)
Cannot edit time values in “Split Audio Track” and “Edit Audio Track” dialogs (229042)
Empty Blu-ray medium not detected properly (227339, 229039)
Crash during splitting/editing audio tracks
Entry fields don't work in burn window when “Only Create Image” option is checked (220970)
Layout issues in settings window (227733)
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Tags: K3B, KDE
Earlier this year, 18-year-old Dean Drukker was hit by an undercover police vehicle in Manchester, New Hampshire. The teenager suffered serious injuries. He was accompanied by his friend Noah Hickman, who took him to the hospital. The vehicle fled the scene after the accident.
New DNA tests confirmed that Drukker's blood was found on the undercarriage of the police vehicle, UnionLeader reports. The driver in question was Manchester police Sgt. Stephen Coco, who was off-duty at the time. He has been charged with two felony counts of conduct after an incident for his hit and run, but he has yet to be indicted.
Drukker's attorney, Marc Hathaway, claimed that the charges had been reduced to misdemeanors. One of the charges alleges that Coco was “attempting to access information on a cell phone” when the accident occurred.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Drukker, however, disagrees with the charges being reduced.
“We believe it's clearly a felony,” Drukker said.
The Drukkers claim that Dean and Noah were walking in the road when they noticed a car approaching. They moved to the side of the road and began walking single file, but the vehicle hit both of them, throwing Noah and running over Dean. Dean was knocked unconscious and left extremely bloody as Coco drove away.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Drukker's father maintained his disdain for the way his son's case has been treated.
“The point is, [Coco]'s a police officer; he's trained in this. I believe you should have a higher standard, a gold standard,” Drukker said.
Coco's reason for fleeing the scene remains unknown.
undefined
Avg. Reading Time: 8 min
Every sentient being on the planet says it: If you're in New York, you just HAVE to go see “Hamilton,” the musical currently taking Broadway by storm. (And it's ridiculously difficult to see if you don't purchase tickets way in advance.) It's life-changing, they claim. It manages to make Americans talk enthusiastically about two things that have NEVER been so universally beloved: history and musical theater.
I did see “Hamilton” last month in New York, and all the hype is true. It's fantastic. Lin-Manuel Miranda (the star/writer/composer) and the cast are extraordinary performers, and the way the show is staged tells a story worth hearing in a bold way unlike anything I'd seen before. I'm one of those people now. “Hamilton” is like veganism – you'll know a friend of yours has seen it because they insist on telling you all about it. After seeing the show, I immediately followed some of the cast on Twitter, including Miranda's alternate Javier Muñoz, who played Alexander Hamilton on the night on which I saw the show. And I was intrigued to see Muñoz talk about his involvement in a group creating a craft brew based on the show.
That's right. There's “Hamilton” beer.
Gun Hill Brewing in The Bronx has created “Rise Up Rye,” a limited rye beer (4.8% ABV) inspired by “Hamilton.” And just like I immediately went on the hunt for “Hamilton” tickets when I first heard the soundtrack, the revelation that a “Hamilton” beer existed sent me on a quest. And while “Rise Up Rye” isn't available to me in LA (yet), I wanted to know more. This is where Dave Lopez enters.
Lopez is a co-managing partner at Gun Hill Brewing Co, which has had a Colonial-America look and feel about it since it opened in February 2014. Everything from the website layout to the labeling on their bottles looks like what you would've seen in the 1700s. And when you consider that the biggest thing in pop culture right now is the story of young, scrappy, and hungry New York revolutionaries with a vision, it's easy to see how Rise Up Rye was a natural fit for Gun Hill.
Lopez generously agreed to talk to me about how Rise Up Rye came to be. And then… I put him to the test with a pop (culture) quiz to find out just how well he knows “Hamilton.”
You grew up in New York. Born in Manhattan, schooled in the Bronx, off to college at Penn, and then back to the Bronx. Did you know you wanted to come back to the Bronx to be part of a beer revolution?
I always wanted to start my own business, but a brewery really wasn't on my to-do list when I was in college. My priority was making it in the sports industry, actually. I'm a Mets, Jets, and Knicks fan. While I was in college, I did an internship with the Mets. My partner [Kieran Farrell] and I met playing baseball. Our teammate was the one who got us into beer. He was a home-brewer. When we tried the beer he brewed for his wedding, we realized there was an opportunity to do something really cool. We started working together as a threesome; that didn't really work out, but my current partner and I put Gun Hill together.
“I STILL GET PEOPLE IN HERE WHO THANK US… THAT WE WERE ABLE TO BRING BEER TO THE BOROUGH”
You guys are in the Bronx. And I see on your website that the Bronx didn't have any brewing for a few decades there. What's it mean to you guys to be the first to bring it back?
It's definitely a source of pride for us. There's lots of New York pride all over the city, but I don't think any borough has greater pride than the Bronx. The people here now have a brewery that they can call their own, which is a big deal for them. We've been doing this for a while, and I still get people in here who thank us for this. You know, they're really grateful and proud that we were able to bring beer to the borough.
Do you feel any sort of borough rivalry with Brooklyn to take over the hip craft beer scene?
Not rivalry, no. Look, realistically… the Bronx is behind in some ways. Look at the real estate prices in Brooklyn – they're almost at the same level as Manhattan. It's not a rivalry. I think right now in the Bronx, there's maybe three brewing companies. Over in Brooklyn they have… I wanna say… three or four times that, at least. But we have a lot of hometown pride here.
AB-InBev has been buying up a lot of craft breweries. Are you guys open to getting acquired, or are they like the evil empire to you?
That's impossible to say in the hypothetical sense. We're pretty happy. But anyone who tells you they wouldn't have that conversation is lying.
You guys had a Schuyler sisters [who are characters in “Hamilton”] beer before the musical even opened, right? Who's the history buff there?
Yeah, yeah. The Schuyler beer was actually one of our first – Schuyler's American Wheat. It's actually named after the Schuyler sisters' mother. I'm the history guy. I majored in history at Penn, with a concentration in international relations. So I'm really into the history of wars. That's actually why we called ourselves Gun Hill – that's the name of an important event from the Revolutionary War that took place here. We sort of built our look on that era. As for the Schuyler beer… during the war, the British were marching on the Schuylers' land, and Mrs. Schuyler burned her wheat field so they couldn't profit off taking her land.
Wow, I had never heard that story.
Yeah, it's really cool. And so when we were naming our wheat beer, with us being in New York… what a perfect way to honor that. So that's where we got Schuyler's American Wheat.
So, let's just get this annoying question out there… have you seen “Hamilton?”
No, I still haven't seen it! This whole thing… it was started by Jimmy Ludwig, for this project called Happy Hour Guys. It was their idea – pairing a Broadway show with a brewery. It's just kind of fortuitous that we had connections and wound up making it with “Hamilton.” Jimmy wanted to get a show and a brewery on board, and he had been turned down a few times. And it just so happened that “Hamilton” said yes. And then, I knew Jimmy. He had been here before. So he put it together. I had no idea it – the show, but definitely the beer project – would grow so much. It was the best and the worst case scenario possible. As “Hamilton” got bigger, it got more intense and time-consuming. While we were in the midst of this whole process, we see them winning the Grammy and performing for the Obamas and everything. It was bigger than I could imagine.
Once the “Hamilton” team said yes, how involved were they? Did they have a lot of input on creating the beer?
Jimmy and I sat down with the “Hamilton” PR rep and the cast manager. We had dinner with five of the cast members to go over the idea. What we needed at that point was a name and their input on the style concept – the idea of the beer. I will say we encouraged them. We all came at it from the same place, and they were really involved in suggesting the name. And they were instrumental in naming it Rise Up Rye.
“[THE ‘HAMILTON' CAST] WERE INSTRUMENTAL IN NAMING IT… THEY POURED THE HOPS. THEY ADDED THE YEAST TO THE FERMENTATION TANKS.”
And then the time came to actually brew it.
A week before brew day, Jimmy and I hung out in the dressing room at the show. We brought some beers with us, and we were drinking with the cast after a matinee performance. And we wanted to get them to come to brew day a week later – which was on their day off. A few cast members came – it probably would have been more, except that it was their first day off in weeks. But then they were physically involved. They poured the hops. They added the yeast to the fermentation tanks. And then they were at the release party. A majority of the cast came after the show on a Saturday.
When you launched, a lot of the cast showed up. What were their reviews?
I haven't met anyone yet who doesn't love it. It really is a beer that's approachable and satisfying. It reaches a lot of palettes. We wanted something sessionable so people could have more than one without feeling drunk or full. It was our goal to appeal to everyone. There were some ideas for a really heavy stout or some other ideas, but we wanted to make a beer that anyone could enjoy. And then, of course, we wanted to tie it all into the theme – which is why we incorporated rye.
Yeah, about that. Why decide to make a rye for “Hamilton?”
We used rye because it was a staple in the agriculture of the Revolutionary War era. And all the rye we use in the beer was grown here in New York, where “Hamilton” takes place, and using a crop that was prominent at that time.
What should I pair Rise Up Rye with?
Going along with how approachable we wanted to make Rise Up Rye, it pairs well with anything. It's very crisp, with a little bit of spice.
Alright, you're a history buff, and you know the soundtrack of “Hamilton” pretty well. If you could sit down and enjoy a Rise Up Rye with any character from “Hamilton” other than Alexander Hamilton himself, who would it be?
That's a good question. You mean the character, right?
Correct
I'd want to have a beer with George Washington. There's just so many questions for him. Or Aaron Burr, because of one specific question – I'd want to know what the hell he was thinking in the moment he killed Alexander Hamilton
[AUTHOR NOTE: Oops. Spoiler alert!]
Where is Rise Up Rye going next? Are you going to serve it inside Richard Rodger theatre [where “Hamilton” is performed]? Are there plans to bottle or can it and distribute? Will any of us on the West Coast has a chance, or is it going to be like the Hamilton tickets all over again?
We made the first batch available to a bunch of bars in New York. And we're brewing a second batch one week from now. Much of that batch will be canned. And the cans will be available in the theater. And we're also working with a company in Washington state that has an online platform to distribute it. So this company will be picking up some Rise Up Rye, and that amount will be available in six states out West.
Including California?
Including California.
That's fantastic. So, you said you know the “Hamilton” soundtrack. Do you know it pretty well? What's your favorite song?
Probably a tie between “My Shot” … and “The Room Where it Happened”
Very good choices. Do you think you know the soundtrack well enough to take a pop (culture) quiz on the lyrics?
Sure! Let's do it!
Alright, round one. Let's just name some characters. I'll give you a lyric, and you tell me who it's describing.
Okay, I think I've got this
Six out of seven on that round. Not bad!
Thank you
But the next round is a bit harder. I'm going to give you a lyric, and you fill in the blank with the missing rhyme.
Got it.
Only two out of five on that round
Yeah, that wasn't so good
But luckily, points are tripled in this next round. So you can make up some ground here
Okay, good
So there's this recurring theme in “Hamilton” where they rhyme stuff with “Burr, Sir.”
Yep
I'm going to test whether you can tell the difference between rhymes they actually use and some lines they don't use
Aw, man. Okay, let's do it.
Eight out of thirteen there!
Alright!
So you win our prize which is… um… actually I don't have a prize!
Ha! That's alright.
You did pretty well!
My wife would've done better.
Our thanks to Dave Lopez for sharing his time. Check out Gun Hill Brewing online, on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram.
UPDATE!!!
Dave Lopez's wife has not taken our quiz yet, but Jimmy Ludwig from Happy Hour Guys did.
I've graded him. Jimmy gets a perfect score.
Asaduddin Owaisi's secret: He embodies the fantasies and aspirations of India's Muslims
I was eating my usual breakfast this morning—a bowl of Kellogg's Rape Flakes swimming in the breast milk of female sex slaves chained in a basement—when I came across yet another headline about how we supposedly live in a "rape culture."
Being a white male in severe denial of the privileges the patriarchy accords to me, I rolled my eyes. We do NOT live in a rape culture, I said to myself, obviously lying. In fact, most people consider rape even worse than murder. Only child molestation is considered worse than raping an adult woman, and even that is a form of sexual assault. The only time it's not considered repugnant by society is when a man's getting raped in prison—in those cases, you mostly hear a laugh track instead of horrified gasps, even though statistics show it's more than twice as common as females getting raped. There is not ONE WISP of evidence over the past couple generations that anyone of prominence in our culture encourages rape, much less the entire fucking culture.
What an ASSHOLE I am!
Then I turned on the TV, and there was yet another talk show where a bunch of knuckle-dragging cavemen were high-fiving each other while laughing about how it's "cool" and "hip" to rape chicks. This was punctuated with TV commercials about how Cialis allows elderly men to rape women with confidence and how once you get her to guzzle about a dozen Miller Lites, it's much easier to rape her.
I tried to push this out of my mind as I grabbed the keys to my 1999 Dodge Rape Van and headed to a local library named in honor of convicted rapist Tupac Shakur to do some research. Even though I tried hard to look the other way, aisle after aisle featured books that either instructed young males how to rape women or celebrated great historical rapists and incidents of mass rape such as the Rape of Nanking by Japanese forces and the two million or so German women raped by conquering Soviet soldiers at the end of World War II. I searched and searched for hours, and I could not find one line in even one book that said rape is bad.
Flustered, I drove to a local college and snuck into a Women's Studies class. The male teacher was using a large pink phallic pointer on a female anatomical chart to illustrate the easiest and most effective ways to commit sexual assault against a woman.
Growing increasingly uncomfortable, I visited a local bar, only to see what I usually saw whenever I went there—a gang of men, including the bartender and the bouncer, were raping a young woman on a pool table. I turned away and quickly left.
As I motored home along Georgia Route 69—also known as the "Gang Rape Freeway"—I turned on the radio, only to hear that famous song by Journey. You know the one—"Don't Stop Rapin'."
Then it hit me with the blunt-trauma force of an unlubricated fist up my ass—we do live in a rape culture. There's no denying it. All the evidence proves it.
I only have two words to say: I'm sorry. I was wrong. OK—five words. But I think you get the point.
On today's radio broadcast, Glenn Beck got pretty worked up about the fact that the jury in the trial of Kermit Gosnell has now entered the second day of deliberations, since Beck thinks it is an open and shut case and it should only have taken them seconds to find Gosnell guilty.
That eventually prompted Beck to declare that this nation has become so evil that God “has got to destroy us; we are becoming an affront to him in every step of the way. We are denying his existence. We are denying his power. We are slapping him in the face. We are killing his children” before he broke down weeping, tearfully begging God to forgive us and remember that there are still millions of people here who are good:
When the first leaks began to come out about NSA surveillance, the Obama Administration sought to replace demands for reform with promises of increased transparency. Apparently even that's too much to hope for now.
With Congressional bills from pro-surveillance factions pushing transparency, Obama Administration officials are now condemning those plans as well, insisting they are a threat to national security.
Providing any details about the programs, they insist, “crosses the line of the appropriate balance between transparency and national security.” They provided no alternative beyond the status quo, however.
Any change at all appears too much like trying from the Obama Administration's point of view: as a proposal to have the NSA estimate how often they accidentally swept up Americans in their surveillance was condemned as “time consuming,” and a waste of resources.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
You could say artist Aganetha Dyck creates her sculptures as much as she fascilitates them. Dyck uses honeybees to decorate these figurines. The bees create graceful lines and countours that seem compliment the existing shapes of the figures. Their honeycomb patterns don't seem like strange additions but rather enhancements. Dyck begins her process with figurines, often broken or damaged in some way. Then collaborating with beekeepers and scientists, bees are allowed to add their distinctive pattern to each small statue. Dyck describes her process:
“To begin a collaborative project with the honeybees, I choose a slightly broken object or damaged material from a second hand marketplace. I choose damaged objects because honeybees are meticulous beings, they continuously mend anything around them and they do pay attention to detail. To encourage the honeybees to communicate, I strategically add wax or honey, propolis or hand-made honeycomb patterns to the objects prior to placing them into their hives. At least I like to think my methods are strategic. The honeybees often think otherwise and respond to what is placed within their hive in ways that make my mind reel.”
[via]
Though the rotation is a more obvious area of need in Los Angeles, the Dodgers have nonetheless checked in on Aroldis Chapman, reports Jon Heyman of CBS Sports. L.A. has recently been connected to Darren O'Day as well, and Heyman writes that they're “very determined” to upgrade their bullpen however they can.
The Dodgers already possess one of baseball's best closers in the form of Kenley Jansen It's understandable that they'd be perhaps interested in acquiring help at the back end of the 'pen because Jansen is a free agent next season, but so, too, is Chapman, thus making it a bit more of a questionable fit than a closer with more team control (e.g. Ken Giles, who is also rumored to be available).
Jansen and Chapman would, however, represent perhaps the most dominant late-inning duo in all of Major League Baseball, albeit at a highly premium cost. Chapman projects to earn $12.9MM this winter in his final offseason of arbitration eligibility, while Jansen is projected at a slightly more affordable (but still expensive, relative to his peers) salary of $11.4MM. The Dodgers typically operate with less regard for finances than any other club, however, so the notion of spending nearly $25MM on two relievers in a single season isn't as outlandish for them as it would be another team.
Heyman does note that the Dodgers' level of interest in Chapman isn't yet known, though Chapman isn't the type of player a team would kick the tires on in hopes of landing him at a bargain rate; president of baseball operations Andrew Friedman, GM Farhan Zaidi and the rest of the staff know full well that Chapman will be moved for a relatively steep price. The Reds reportedly are seeking controllable, MLB-ready talent in exchange for Chapman, and Cincinnati president of baseball operations Walt Jocketty recently expressed hope that the Reds will get a trade worked out prior to the Winter Meetings, which begin in two weeks.
The personality trait narcissism may have an especially negative effect on the health of men, according to a new study.
"Narcissistic men may be paying a high price in terms of their physical health, in addition to the psychological cost to their relationships," said Sara Konrath, a University of Michigan psychologist who co-authored the study published in PLoS ONE.
Earlier studies by Konrath and others have shown that the level of narcissism is rising in American culture, and that narcissism tends to be more prevalent among males. The personality trait is characterized by an inflated sense of self-importance, overestimations of uniqueness, and a sense of grandiosity.
For the new study, Konrath and colleagues David Reinhard of the University of Virginia, and William Lopez and Heather Cameron of the University of Michigan examined the role of narcissism and sex on cortisol levels in a sample of 106 undergraduate students. Cortisol, which can be measured through saliva samples, is a widely used marker of physiological stress.
The researchers measured cortisol levels at two points in time in order to assess baseline levels of the hormone, which signals the level of activation of the body's key stress response system, the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis. Participants were not asked to complete any tasks that would elevate their stress. Elevated levels of cortisol in a relatively stress-free situation would indicate chronic HPA activation, which has significant health implications, increasing the risk of cardiovascular problems.
To assess participants' narcissism, the researchers administered a 40-item narcissism questionnaire that measures five different components of the personality trait. Two of these components are more maladaptive, or unhealthy – exploitativeness and entitlement; and the other three are more adaptive, or healthy – leadership/authority, superiority/arrogance, and self-absorption/self-admiration.
"Even though narcissists have grandiose self-perceptions, they also have fragile views of themselves, and often resort to defensive strategies like aggression when their sense of superiority is threatened," Reinhard said. "These kinds of coping strategies are linked with increased cardiovascular reactivity to stress and higher blood pressure, so it makes sense that higher levels of maladaptive narcissism would contribute to highly reactive stress response systems and chronically elevated levels of stress."
Reinhard, Konrath and colleagues found that the most toxic aspects of narcissism were indeed associated with higher cortisol in male participants, but not in females. In fact, unhealthy narcissism was more than twice as large a predictor of cortisol in males as in females.
They also found that there was no relationship between healthy narcissism and cortisol in either males or females.
"These findings extend previous research by showing that narcissism may not only influence how people respond to stressful events, but may also affect how they respond to their regular day-to-day routines and interactions," Konrath said. "Our findings suggest that the HPA axis may be chronically activated in males high in unhealthy narcissism, even without an explicit stressor."
Why should narcissism affect males differently? "Given societal definitions of masculinity that overlap with narcissism – for example, the belief that men should be arrogant and dominant – men who endorse stereotypically male sex roles and who are also high in narcissism may feel especially stressed," Konrath said.
In future research, she hopes to examine why narcissism is not as physiologically taxing for women as it is for men, and also to examine the potential links between maladaptive narcissism and other physiological responses related to stress and poor coping, including inflammatory markers such as C-Reactive Protein.
Konrath is an assistant research professor at the U-M Institute for Social Research (ISR) and is also affiliated with the University of Rochester Medical Center.
LONDON (Reuters) - The widow of a Nigerian activist is planning to sue Royal Dutch Shell in the Dutch courts alleging the oil company was complicit in the execution of her husband by the Nigerian military in 1995, court documents filed in the United States last week show.
FILE PHOTO - Plaintiff Esther Kiobel (R) speaks during a protest against Royal Dutch Shell Petroleum in front of the U.S. Supreme Court in Washington October 1, 2012. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
Esther Kiobel has filed an application in New York to secure documents from Shell's U.S. lawyers, which she could use in the Dutch action.
The filings with the U.S. District Court for the Southern District Court of New York said she planned to begin that action before the end of the year.
“Ms. Kiobel will demonstrate that Shell encouraged, facilitated, and conspired with the Nigerian government to commit human rights violations against the Ogoni people,” a memorandum in the application filed last week said.
A Shell spokesman said on Sunday: “Shell remains firmly committed to supporting fundamental human rights in line with the legitimate role of business. We have always denied, in the strongest possible terms, the allegations made by the plaintiffs in this tragic case.”
Kiobel previously took her lawsuit to the United States but the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2013 that the case could not be heard because the alleged activities took place outside the country.
In 2009 prior to that ruling Shell had agreed in the United States to pay $15.5 million to settle lawsuits related to other activists executed at the same time as Barinem Kiobel, including author and environmental activist Ken Saro-Wiwa.
Kiobel's lawyer did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Sunday.
John Donovan, who runs the royaldutchshellplc.com protest website, and who has advised Kiobel on the case said: “She's going after Shell in their home country, the Netherlands”.
The Nigerian military cracked down heavily on local opposition to oil production by a Shell joint venture in the Niger Delta in the early 1990s. Kiobel alleges that Shell provided support to the military in its crackdown.
A Dutch court ruled in December that Shell may be sued in the Netherlands for oil spills at its subsidiary in Nigeria, although it did not say Shell was responsible.
John Matsui is a big fan of the laudable programs that encourage low-income high school kids to go to college and pursue degrees in STEM, meaning science, technology, engineering and math.
That makes sense. Matsui is a biology professor at UC Berkeley. Science is his thing. The more the merrier.
But such programs, which I've written about recently, aren't the whole answer, he says. In fact, they might not be the answer at all if the students encouraged by them find themselves immediately overwhelmed by college and unable to stick with it.
“It's a huge issue,” Matsui says. “All this hard work of getting into college and they just get blown out of the water, typically in their first semester, if not their first year.”
No. That's not all Matsui has to say. He called me, in fact, to tell me about an initiative he helped start 19 years ago to keep kids in college. It's a program that Silicon Valley business leaders concerned about their future workforce might want to pay attention to. Especially when it comes to training scientists and innovators with diverse backgrounds — the kind of diverse backgrounds that lead to new solutions and different ways of looking at the world.
Matsui's Biology Scholars Program is aimed primarily at low-income students who are the first in their families to go to college. The program provides mentors and tutors for about 500 students in a given year. But more than that, it provides a community of other students who are in the same place. College was not a given for these kids. Wisdom concerning the expectations, the pace and the social culture of college was not passed down from siblings or parents.
“For some students, coming to Berkeley is like high school, because they've had Berkeley-level training in high school,” says Matsui, an assistant dean of biology and the scholar program's director. “But the distance my students have to travel is a great distance, because mom and dad — maybe they finished grammar school. So how are they supposed to know all this?”
When Matsui compared the students in his program with other low-income students at Cal who were the first in their families to go to college, he found that those outside the program were twice as likely to end up on academic probation. And he found that over the course of six years, students in the Biology Scholars Program graduate at rates slightly higher than the 89 percent campuswide graduation rate at Cal.
The students in Matsui's program didn't necessarily see college in their future while growing up. Some held jobs in high school and hold them still to help support their families. Some grapple with family complications, including bankruptcy and foreclosure. Many are immigrants and children of immigrants — students from ethnic groups that are underrepresented on campus.
“I walk into a classroom of 200 to 500 people,” says Verenice Bravo, 22, who's starting her fifth year in Matsui's program, and only a sprinkling of the students look like her. “It can be intimidating,” she adds, “especially as a freshman.”
If you haven't been there, you might not get it. See, Bravo, who grew up in San Jose after her parents immigrated from Mexico, says she's sometimes hesitant to ask questions when in a class surrounded by white and Asian students. She doesn't want to sound stupid and feed twisted stereotypes that a Mexican-American student is an inferior student.
But Bravo found a haven at Berkeley, a safe place to ask questions, discuss big ideas and commiserate over college pressure. On the second floor of the Valley Life Sciences Building, the scholar program, known as BSP, has a room set aside (computer, printer, microwave, couch, etc.) where students can work, mingle and talk.
“You go into the BSP room and you see people speaking in different languages,” Bravo says. “And it's beautiful.”
Bravo, an integrative biology major, plans to graduate in the spring. She'll continue studying human health, perhaps by going on to medical school. Most students in Matsui's program graduate with biology degrees, but some shift into other science or health fields, he says.
“My measure of success,” Matsui says, “is sending students out into the world — whether it be medical or graduate school or work — being independent problem-solvers and critical thinkers able to deal with the open endedness of life.”
And once they're prepared to do that, who knows how far they will go?
Contact Mike Cassidy at mcassidy@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5536. Follow him at Twitter.com/mikecassidy.
You might think you're pretty good at making sure you don't share your internet life with the entire world. You use Facebook's strictest privacy settings, don't share anything sensitive on Twitter, and you regularly trash your laptop's browsing history. All good, right? Nope. All that “anonymized” data you leave behind out in the ether is still totally you, and it's far easier than you think to make it paint your picture and yours alone.
Journalist Svea Eckert and data scientist Andreas Dewes, both from Germany, wanted to find out just how easy it was to acquire and identify your web browsing history. And so, as The Guardian reports, they did just that.
The pair presented their findings recently at the annual Def Con hacker conference in Las Vegas.
Acquiring the data
The two were easily able to acquire a database holding more than 3 billion visited web addresses. That data, in turn, comprised about 9 million unique sites visited by roughly 3 million users, all in Germany.
The data clearly showed the light users — those who visited only a few dozen sites over a 30-day span — from the heavy users, those who had tens of thousands of data points sitting there to be examined.
Eckert and Dewes didn't even have to pay for the data access, they said. What they did do was create a fake marketing company: They launched a website for the company and a LinkedIn page for its fake CEO.
RELATED: Study: “Anonymous” Credit Card Data Is Actually Completely Identifiable
That fake marketing company claimed to have developed a machine learning algorithm that could improve marketers' tactics… but only if it was trained with a large amount of data. (This is common: machine learning depends on finding and exploiting patterns, and you need a whole crapton of data points in order to identify those patterns in a meaningful way.)
In short, they used the fake company to go begging. “We wrote and called nearly a hundred companies, and asked if we could have the raw data, the clickstream from people's lives,” Eckert said.
It took longer than they expected — but only because they were specifically targeting Germany. “We often heard: ‘Browsing data? That's no problem. But we don't have it for Germany, we only have it for the US and UK,'” she said.
Eventually, one data broker was willing to help them “test” their “data platform,” and parted with the data trove for free.
Assembling portraits
That data was, of course, anonymized — but reassembling it wasn't particularly hard, once they got started.
Some users were easily pinpointed by uniquely identified URLs. For example, if a verified Twitter user looks up their analytics, Dewes explained, that generates a unique URL that indicates their Twitter username (analytics.twitter.com/user/[username]/). That, in turn, tells you the identity of that entire user, and lo, that entire person's browsing history is instantly connected to an identity.
Even for those who don't have their names conveniently waiting in their URL history, though, coming up with digital “fingerprints” and making an educated guess about a data trail isn't that hard, Dewes and Eckert said.
Basically, every time you add another URL to the list, the Venn Diagram of “the number of people this particular identity could belong to” shrinks.
Think of it like this: first you visit your employer's site; 500 people work there. Then you visit your bank's site: only 50 of the 500 people who work at your employer do their banking there.
That already reduces the pool of people this particular data trail could belong to down to 10% of its original size. Then we shrink it from there: You read up about a medical condition that only 30 people at your employer have, visit a site for a hobby that 70 people at your employer share, and look at the website for a school that 20 people at your employer have children currently enrolled in.
The more data points like this you leave, the more you winnow down the potential overlaps, and the more quickly you become the sole nexus where all of these threads cross.
While that process may sound fairly convoluted, on the grand scale it's really not: It takes about 10 URLs, total, to uniquely identify someone, Eckert and Dewes said.
Now think about how many URLs you've got in your history — odds are it's a lot more than 10, and that many of them are relevant to you, personally, in some way.
Really personal data
So just how salacious were the items the pair were able to glean from this “anonymous” data dump?
Well, they found and identified a judge's porn preferences and the medication taken by a member of the German parliament, among other things — and if someone wanted to, they could almost certainly do the same for you.
There are some things you can do to obscure your footprint and hide your breadcrumb trail, if you're particularly invested in doing so. But those solutions are imperfect. Many of them wouldn't even help with the type of data collection that was used to gather the database Dawes and Eckert used, which was scraped from a “safe surfing” browser plugin tool users had installed voluntarily.
And, depressingly, it's a problem that's going to get worse before it gets better. Absent a strong internet privacy law — which we very briefly had — not only the companies you deal with online but also the internet service providers who get you there can do basically whatever they want with your data.
Editor's Note: This article originally appeared on Consumerist.
A tragic fire left one of Southold's oldest churches in a pile of smoldering ashes this morning.
According to Southold Town Police, the First Universalist Church, located on the bend on Route 25 in Southold, was destroyed by a blaze that began at 11:28 p.m.
While on patrol, Southold Town Police Officer Robert Haas discovered a fire at the First Universalist Church in Southold, police said.
Southold Fire Departmant and other area departments responded and extinguished the blaze.
The building was unoccupied at the time of the fire. The Suffolk County Police Arson Squad was requested, responded and assisted in the investigation. The cause of the fire is under investigation, but is not believed to be suspicious, police said. A congregant said this morning that firefighters said the cause could have been electrical, but that has not been confirmed.
In a sad twist, Peggy Richards and Ken MacAlpin, displaced after a fire left their Greenport home in ruins, have been living in the parsonage of the church. They were unharmed in the fire.
The church was founded in Southold in 1835; the building itself has stood since 1860.
Apartment prices in Sydney and Melbourne will fall between 15 to 20 per cent over the next two years, AMP Capital's chief economist Shane Oliver said in his latest property insights to investors on Tuesday.
Dr Oliver told investors apartments were more vulnerable than houses as an investment, because "there was a massive multi-dwelling building boom going on in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth".
"There's a real risk of oversupply. I wouldn't be surprised to see outright price falls in apartments in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane and Perth," he said in his note.
AMP chief economist Shane Oliver. Jim Rice
"So people are better off waiting until the dust settles to see if there are any opportunities to buy apartments with a lower price tag."
Dr Oliver told The Australian Financial Review the 15 to 20 per cent forecast will vary from "location to location".
2016 was notable for the number of celebrity deaths which occurred during the year, but 1916 rather less so. Nevertheless one of the most famous demises of that year finally makes it to the pages of the Telegraph, as page 9 carries news of the assassination of Grigori Rasputin, the “famous monk” who had been a key figure in Russian court circles due to his mysterious ability to heal the Tsarevich Alexei's sufferings from haemophilia. Not that the report carries any details of the assassination, just giving the bald statement of its occurrence. Given the lurid tale surrounding it (failed poisoning and shooting attempts before finally drowning the victim) will more news of this emerge in the coming days?
- Moves to give some form of support to the dependents of Merchant Navy officers and men killed or injured whilst doing their bit for the war effort find favour in Liverpool, reports a correspondent from the city on page 6
- An article on page 8 reports on “hesitancy, and some bewilderment” as the New Year dawned in London, with changes to the daily bread and new travelling restrictions
- More on the Allies' “verbose,” as the Germans see it, reply to the peace proposals on page 9, with the overall heading “Entente Powers and the President's Note” being slightly misleading as apart from the initial short report there isn't really much on this later proposal
- Brilliant air raids for Edmund Candler to report from Mesopotamia on page 9
- Comedian Harry Lauder is the latest name to suffer the loss of a son in action, leaving him prostrate with grief – page 10
- Despite the worries expressed the previous day over liquor purchasing in the city, Hogmanay in Glasgow passes off “in a manner beyond reproach” reports our Special Correspondent from the city on page 10
- Somebody rejoicing the name of Boyd Cable compares the state of British troops at the end of 1916 with that at the end of 1914 – page 11
- The news that “the German criminal classes are now to be combed out for men for military service” is perhaps surprisingly reported upon without comment – page 11
Telecom has rebranded and is now known as Spark.
Relevant offers
Spark shares have held their recent gains after the company nearly doubled its annual net profit to $460 million.
The shares were unchanged at $2.91 in late-morning trading on the NZX, well up on their 12-month low of $2.05 and up 2 per cent over the week.
Spark's result the previous year had been affected by restructuring charges as the company, then called Telecom, slashed more than 1000 jobs.
Bank of America analyst Sameer Chopra described today's annual result as a strong one.
Revenues from continuing operations fell 2.6 per cent to $3.64 billion in the year to June, and Spark's adjusted operating profit - a figure watched by many analysts - fell 4 per cent to $936m.
That decline was less than some analysts expected, and chairman Mark Verbiest told shareholders that Spark had the potential to return to net earnings growth this financial year.
Spark's performance in the second half of the financial year had improved as the company's strategy and stronger focus on customers gathered pace, he said.
Chief executive Simon Moutter said it seemed a "significant moment".
In the clearest sign of the more bullish tone of the result, Spark said it would raise its final dividend by 1 cent to 9c, taking its total dividend to 17c, partially imputed.
"Our aim is to sustainably grow dividends over time and this increase in business momentum, together with a more positive outlook, has enabled us to take a first step by increasing our second-half dividend," Moutter said.
He forecast a low single-digit percentage decline in revenues this year but low single-digit growth in Spark's adjusted operating profit.
Highlights included a 6 per cent increase in mobile revenues to $965m, aided by a near 10 per cent jump in mobile connections to more than 2 million.
Moutter estimated Spark's share of mobile market revenues had increased to 39.4 per cent.
There was a modest rise in broadband connections, up 20,000 to 669,000.
But Moutter said Spark's share of the "intensely competitive" broadband market was "stable" at 47 per cent.
The operating profit from Spark's information technology businesses increased 38.5 per cent as a result of its investments in data centres and cloud computing.
However, the 6 per cent revenue gain in mobile was not enough to offset the continuing slide in Spark's fixed-line revenues. Excluding the contribution of Australian subsidiary AAPT, which Spark sold in December, net profit rose 19.6 per cent to $323m.
But the company said that when the impact of restructuring charges was removed from the previous year's numbers, adjusted net earnings from continuing operations fell 7.7 per cent.
- Stuff
Comments
As it was during the Cold War, NATO's southern flank remains a problem for the alliance.
Russia and Turkey have held a series of joint naval exercises in the Black Sea. The Kremlin's Black Sea Fleet deployed three ships while the Turks sent two vessels to the exercise, which is called PASSEX.
The Russian side deployed the brand-new frigate Admiral Grigorovich —armed long-range Kalibr land-attack cruise missiles—the minesweeper Vice Admiral Zakharin and the patrol vessel Raptor for the exercise, according to the Russian defense ministry. Meanwhile the frigate Barbaros and the corvette Buyukada made up Ankara's contribution to the wargames.
“During the exercise, trainees covered unmooring and egress from basing points, piloting behind mine-clearing attachments, and joint maneuvering and organization of communication, as well as repelling attacks from small high-speed targets, inspection operations, and maritime search and rescue,” a Russian Ministry of Defense statement reads.
The joint exercises between Russia and Turkey could have wider implications for the NATO alliance and the West—especially as Ankara gears up for a constitutional referendum on April 16. The new constitution would grant Turkish president Recep Erdoğan far greater powers than he currently wields—which has been a cause of concern in the West. Indeed, in some way, the joint exercises might be an indication that Turkey is shifting away from its Western orientation.
Faced with criticism from European allies and the United States, Turkey has in recent months drawn closer to Moscow. Erdoğan—who fashions himself as strongman—has found a kindred spirit in Russian president Vladimir Putin and past grievances, such as Turkey's downing of a Russian Su-24 Fencer strike fighter in November 2015 have largely been forgiven. However, given how closely Turkey is intertwined with the West, it is unlikely the Ankara will pull away from Europe in the near term.
Indeed, Ankara's budding relationship with the Kremlin might ultimately be a ploy. “It is a means to pressure the Alliance and show Turkey has geopolitical options,” Russian military affairs analyst Michael Kofman at the Center for Naval Analyses told The National Interest . “In reality it is capricious, earning Turkey enmity from Europeans. That, too, is a political relations disaster.”
For the NATO alliance, the Turkish exercises with Russia pose a problem. “We should ask how NATO intends to maintain common approach to the Black Sea if the only country that really has a navy there is exercising with Russia,” Kofman said.
From the Russian perspective, the exercise affords the Kremlin the ability to demonstrate to Washington and Europe that it is not isolated from NATO let alone the world. “For Moscow, it is a chance to show Western governments and the world that NATO can't even keep its own members from cooperating with the Russian military,” Paul Saunders, executive director for the Center for the National Interest—the think tank that publishes The National Interest —said.
Thus, as it was during the Cold War, NATO's southern flank remains a problem for the alliance.
A British actor was rescued after spending three days lying below a waterfall in Thailand with a broken leg.
Paul Nicholls, best known for starring in Eastenders was on a solo hike on the holiday island of Koh Samui when he fell into a rockpool and broke his leg.
Nicholls' absence was noticed when a villager found his unattended motorcycle and notified the police, who started a search operation. The waterfall is not regularly frequented by locals or tourists alike.
The 38-year-old was rescued three days after the incident, and was discovered semi-conscious with hypothermia unable to move.
“I am lucky to be alive,” Nicholls told U.K. newspaper the Sun. “I had a phone with me but I fell from such a height into the water it was unretrievable.”
Nicholls is currently being treated at a local hospital in Thailand but is expected to be flown to the mainland for further treatment, according to the Sun.
An American tourist died after falling from the same waterfall in June, according to a local report.
With files from Reuters
Myu: "Summer! It's over! But, it's the seaaa!!"
Toutobi: "...M-Myu-chan. That's a bit..."
Magi: "Isn't it fine? It's autumn now, but in the game world of OSO the seasons are unchanging in the fields. Because of the difference with real, sun is really dazzling here, isn't it."
Lucato: "I'll prepare the parasol now, okay. After that we can swim in the sea and we have a beach ball as well."
Magi: "Thanks. Even though the sunlight is really strong, the big advantage of a game is that you don't have to worry about sunburn."
Myu: "You're right. Also, how long are going to stay there! Why don't you come here! Onee-chan!"
Yun: "M-Myu. Don't... (Don't call me 'onee-chan'. I'm a man.)"
Myu: "What is it? Onee-chan?"
Yun: "(Why——of all times it doesn't get through to her nowwww!)"
Toutobi: "...Yun-san, are you okay?"
Yun: "Y-yeah. I'm fine, I'm fine."
Magi: "Even so, all of you sure have nice swimsuits there. It took some time to pick something from what Cloude prepared."
Lucato: "Still, we get to wear swimsuits we normally don't get to wear. To say, that would be one of VR's advantages."
Yun: "I'm not wearing it... I can enter water in my usual equipment and swim well enough without any discomfort."
Magi: "C'mon Yun-kun, saying such things again. Don't hide, change clothes. You're hiding it under that hoodie right? It's all girls here so there's no need in acting reserved here."
Yun: "P-please spare me from thattt."
Toutobi: "...Yun-san, if you look at us with such upturned eyes, it's really troubling."
Myu: "Somehow, I'm really tempted to bully Onee-chan."
Lucato: "But, why is Yun-san so unwilling?"
Yun: "No, that's... (I chose something as close to normal as possible, but I don't want to be seen in a swimsuit!)"
Magi: "It's because Yun-kun is shy. But, I can somewhat tell what's the reason."
Yun: "Ehh?!!"
Magi: "Yun-kun normally isn't bothered by it, but she's a girl after all. You're bothered right——by your breasts' size."
Lucato & Toutobi: " "Ahh, I see." "
Yun: "W-what is it!? Don't look at me, don't look!"
Myu: "Today Hino-chan, Kohaku and Rirei didn't come so Onee-chan ended up on the bottom of hierarchy didn't she."
Yun: "(Even if my game character is female, it's based on male body so it's obvious I'll have no breasts! Right from the start!)"
Magi: "Well, a girl's breasts' size is a part of her individuality so let's not touch that topic, since she's wearing the swimsuit, let's play!"
Yun: "Haa, I feel like I'll be swept along with the flow at this rate."
Myu: "Okay then, let's do some beach ball first! Though, there's no plastic so it's a ball made with leather!"
Yun: "A brown-black beach ball... and it looks hard too."
Myu: "Let's go then! Rule is 'anything goes'! Who'll be the referee?"
Lucato: "I'll be the referee then."
Myu: "Let's draw a line on sand. ——《Sol Ray》!"
Yun: "Amazin'. Light magic's converged ray of light scorched the ground brown..."
Magi: "For teams, let's make it me and Yun-kun against team of Myu-chan and Toutobi-chan, is that okay?"
Myu: "I'll be serving then! There, Onee-chan."
Yun: "Got it. Pass to Magi-san."
Magi: "Oh, you're skilled. Shoop, toss."
Yun: "Anything goes, then. 《Enchant》 ——Attack!"
Toutobi: "...so that's how it is. ——《Side Step》!"
Myu: "Tobi-chan you're too fast! ——《Light Shield》!"
Toutobi: "...I'm sorry. Attack!"
Yun: "Myu, using defensive magic to toss isn't fair! Magi-san, 《Enchant》 ——Speed!"
Magi: "Woops, I made it in time."
Lucato: "Yun-san and Magi-san, you are handling it thoughtfully isn't you. Myu-san's team can be rather said to be leaving everything to stats and arts. Yun-san and Magi-san are making a feint right before attacking which Myu-san easily gets fooled by. Aaah, she's receiving it again using such acrobatics."
Myu: "Ah, another feint! I won't make it! ——《Light Shield》! Tobi-chan, go up!"
Toutobi: "...yes!! Toss!"
Myu: "And, even without a sword I can slash with a hand! ——《Shock Impact》!"
Yun: "Hiee?!"
Myu: "C'mon Onee-chan, don't avoid it."
Yun: "I can't take on that kind of attack!"
Toutobi: "...the attack with a ball flashed with light as it pierced in."
Magi: "I thought a sight of a ball stopping and rotating on the ground is something that can be seen only in anime. Also, the sand's turned red and melted..."
Lucato: "Myu-san, while it certainly is 'anything goes', that's dangerous so be careful."
Myu: "I'm sorry, Onee-chan. All I thought of was winning. Are you okay?"
Yun: "...my legs gave out."
Magi: "Yeah, having a fastball approach you from the front sure is scary. ...hey, Yun-kun?!"
Yun: "Why... phaa?! Salty!"
Toutobi: "...are you okay? Seems like you were covered by a wave there."
Yun: "Yeah, I'm fine. I've had a swimsuit hidden under assumption that might happen. Also, it'll dry by itself."
Lucato: "But it'll dry very slowly if you continue wearing the hoodie. Isn't it better to take it off?"
Yun: "No, it's fine! R-rather, why is Myu closing on me while moving her hands like that?!"
Myu: "Don't mind me, don't mind."
Yun: "But you're super scary!"
Myu: "There's a chance now that Onee-chan's legs gave out and can't escape. Surrender and unveil thy swimsuit!"
Yun: "Uwahh?!"
Magi: "I see, this kind of choice. As expected of Cloude's fashion sense. Instead of emphasizing breasts, charming others with body line! The hidden swimsuit appearance is a sight to behold."
Toutobi: "...Yun-san, very cute."
Yun: "Don't call me cute! I'm not happy about that at all!"
Lucato: "Sport swimsuit with a skirt and hot pants, huh. It's a simple type with low exposure and patterns, but the minor detailed embroidery is very nice."
Yun: "Don't analyse it Lucato! That's not it! This, I just picked it since it seemed to me like a tight fitting tank top, there's nothing behind this choice!"
Myu: "Being told that by blushing Onee-chan I feel like I lost as a girl."
Everyone: """I agree."""
Yun: "Don't agreeee!"
The Navajo Nation is set to receive over a billion dollars to clean up abandoned uranium mines on tribal land. The money comes after years of court battles with mining companies.
There are over 500 abandoned uranium mines on the Navajo reservation. Forty-nine of these mines were run by the Kerr-McGee Mining Corporation. When the company abandoned those sites they left a legacy of radioactive pollution.
Stephen Etsitty is head of the Navajo Environmental Protection Agency. He says some of the abandoned mines on the reservation have been cleaned to some extent, but problems remain.
"Having to deal with radioactive materials that have such a long life span and continue to be a high risk to the environment and public health, it's going to be very good to have a resource base to go back and to a much more thorough job than has done before," Etistty said.
The money going to the Navajo Nation is part of a larger settlement of over $5 billion involving parties in multiple states.
Damascus has labelled as an “act of aggression” the US-led coalition's missile strike which killed three Syrian soldiers at an army base in the Deir ez Zor province.
Downing of Russia's Su-24 reveals Turkey's real agenda in war on ISIS – Assad https://t.co/9JRHgZtMcPpic.twitter.com/4f2vXq44Nc — RT (@RT_com) December 2, 2015
On top of the fatalities, 13 personnel were injured and a number of military vehicles were destroyed when warplanes fired nine missiles at the Saeqa military camp.
The incident is the first of its kind since the coalition started to bomb Syrian territory more than a year ago, though the US-led alliance continues to deny it carried out the airstrike.
READ MORE: ‘Everyone knows what's going on': Istanbul residents on Turkey-ISIS oil trade
“Syria strongly condemns the act of aggression by the US-led coalition that contradicts the UN Charter on goals and principles. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has sent letters to the UN Secretary General and the UN Security Council,” Syria's SANA news agency quoted the country's foreign ministry as saying.
Damascus: Coalition jets attacked Syrian regular troops Morning after Obama's address on fight against ISIS & cooperation with local forces Damascus says coalition attacked Syrian army camp overnight. Posted by RT Play on Monday, December 7, 2015
Coalition spokesman Colonel Steve Warren has insisted, however, that the only airstrikes in the area were delivered some 55km away.
“We've seen those Syrian reports but we did not conduct any strikes in that part of Deir ez Zor yesterday. So we see no evidence,” he said.
A US military official speaking on condition of anonymity told Reuters that Washington is certain that Russia is responsible for the airstrike.
The Deir ez Zor province is situated in eastern Syria, and is largely controlled by Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL). The region is of significant strategic importance to the terrorist group, as it contains a number of oilfields, which are a major source of revenue for IS.
On November 24 a Turkish Air Force F-16 jet shot down a Russian Su-24 bomber over Syria. Ankara claims the Russian plane briefly crossed into Turkish airspace. One of the Russian pilots was killed by Syrian rebels as he ejected from the stricken plane, while the other was rescued in a swift operation during which one Russian serviceman was killed.
No man left behind: Dramatic details emerge of downed Su-24 pilot rescue https://t.co/uluS0NOU1ipic.twitter.com/iZaZS50Um3 — RT (@RT_com) November 26, 2015
The downing of the bomber by Turkey came after a successful Russian bombing campaign against ISIS oil infrastructure on the Syria-Turkish border, and was seen as revenge. Putin described the act as "a stab in the back" and accused Erdoğan of benefiting from the illegal oil trade with IS and financing the terrorists.
READ MORE: Putin: Downing of Russian jet over Syria stab in the back by terrorist accomplices
Russia has been conducting airstrikes targeting IS and other terrorist groups in Syria since September 30. The strikes were launched after a formal request from Damascus. Russian jets have been carrying out sorties from Moscow's Khmeimim Air Base in Latakia.
The US-led coalition's airstrikes in Syria are in fact illegal, as it has never received permission from Syrian President Bashar Assad to enter the country's airspace. In response to the UK's decision to join the bombing campaign in Syria, Assad reiterated in an interview with the Sunday Times that the presence of Britain in Syria is unlawful as neither Damascus nor the United Nations have given London the green light to bomb Syrian territory.
“It will be harmful and illegal and it will support terrorism, as happened after the coalition started its operation a year or so [ago], because this is like a cancer,” Assad said.
LISTEN MORE:
Firefighters put out a hotspot at an avocado farm in Bonsall, California
Wildfires that have ripped through southern California have destroyed a large area of the region's avocado crop.
Although it is too soon to know the full extent of the damage to the avocado orchards of Fallbrook in Ventura County - the self-proclaimed "avocado capital of the world" - experts believe farmers may have suffered devastating losses.
"A lot of the fruit everybody was looking forward to harvesting next year is laying on the ground," said John Krist, chief executive of the Ventura County Farm Bureau.
Image: It is feared farmers may have suffered huge losses
Ventura County produces about 90% of America's avocado crop.
But Mr Krist said consumers were not expected to see an impact on avocado prices because Ventura County is only a small piece of the worldwide production chain dominated by Mexico and South America.
Avocado prices have been higher in most US markets during the second half of 2017, according to the Hass Avocado Board, in part due to a poor harvest last year in both the US and Mexico.
Wildfires wreak havoc in California
The wildfires have blackened 250 square miles since Monday, destroyed over 500 buildings and forced hundreds of thousands of people to evacuate.
Authorities said 1,000 firefighters have been battling the flames with help from a fleet of air tankers and helicopters.
The first fire-related death has been confirmed by the Ventura County medical examiner's office.
Image: A fire crew passes a burning home during a wind-driven wildfire in Ventura County
Virignia Pesola, 70, of Santa Paula, was found dead on Wednesday night along an evacuation route near a fire northwest of Los Angeles. She died as a result of crash injuries, smoke inhalation and burns.
On Friday, President Donald Trump declared a state of emergency in southern California.
The state of emergency frees up federal aid and kick-starts a chain of disaster relief efforts in the counties of Los Angeles, Riverside, San Diego, Santa Barbara and Ventura.
Image: The remains of a home are seen, after it burned to the ground
Driven by dry desert Santa Ana winds that surpassed 35mph, some of the blazes have been too fast for firefighters to stop them.
"The crews were trying to stay out ahead of this as quickly as they could," said Captain Kendal Bortisser of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Prevention.
"As we know, when a tornado hits the Midwest, there's no stopping it. When a hurricane hits the East Coast, there's no stopping it. When Santa Ana winds come in, there's no stopping them."
Glad to hear the good Samaritan got the better end of the deal:
UPDATE 30 March 09: Good Samaritan doing well. Still recovering from gunshot wounds. CLICK HERE
Breaking News: 1 dead, one injured in Miami Burger King shooting
By ROBERT SAMUELS AND JENNIFER LEBOVICH
Miami Herald
One man was killed and another seriously wounded in a shootout inside a Miami Burger King on Tuesday, officials said.
Police said a man wearing a ski mask walked into the store at Biscayne Boulevard and 54th Street and demanded money from a clerk.
A customer, who has a concealed weapon permit, pulled a gun, said Officer Jeff Giordano, a Miami police spokesman.
The customer and robber exchanged fire.
The robber was shot dead at the scene.
The customer, who had several gunshot wounds, was taken to Ryder Trauma Center in serious but stable condition, said Lt. Ignatius Carroll, a Miami Fire Rescue spokesman.
At about 4 p.m., officials got several 911 calls reporting people shot inside the Burger King.
Rate this: Share this: Reddit
Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
More
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Stars ofThe Goon Show - A classic BBC radio comedy
Being sarcastic
People are sarcastic when they say the opposite of the truth, or the opposite of their true feelings in order to be funny or to make a point. It is often thought that along with drinking tea and waiting in queues, the British have a fondness for sarcasm. People are sarcastic when they say the opposite of the truth, or the opposite of their true feelings in order to be funny or to make a point. It is often thought that along with drinking tea and waiting in queues, the British have a fondness for sarcasm. Don't forget to practise what you've learned with the activity further down this page.
Listen - realmedia Download - mp3 (1.8 MB) Script (pdf - 47k)
Listen to some examples of dialogues featuring sarcastic remarks:
Listen - realmedia Download - mp3 (423k) Script (pdf - 42k)
Some common examples of sarcasm Remember to judge when and with whom to be sarcastic - you can offend people with inappropriate use of this language.
After something bad or annoying happens:
Oh terrific / great / brilliant! That's just what I need. After something unsurprising happens:
Well what a surprise! After somebody makes a mistake:
Oh nice one!
Oh well done! After someone says something obvious:
No?! Really? You're quick / clever! The language of sarcasm There are no fixed rules about what language to use when being sarcastic, but the following features are quite common (but this language is used when people aren't being sarcastic too!):
Tag questions:
Of course, you're the real expert at driving, aren't you? 'Yes' ... 'because':
You can use this to disagree or argue with someone by seeming to agree: A: Slow down! You're driving too fast!
B: Yeah right, 'cause you never drive too fast, do you? 'I forgot':
A: Slow down! You're driving too fast!
B: Sorry, I forgot you were the expert driver! How many times have you crashed in the last year? 'If' ... 'must':
Well if you read it on the Internet it must be true! Make it clear that you are being sarcastic It's really important that your conversation partner realises that you are being sarcastic. Here are a couple of ways of doing this: Exaggerate your feelings using strong words and a lively intonation. So if something bad happens, instead of saying Good, I'm glad that's happened try Great! That's just what we need! People will also sometimes use old-fashioned English to exaggerate: Gosh, you're quick!
I say, that's a surprise! Sometimes, the situation will make it obvious that you are being sarcastic and you don't need to worry about people misunderstanding you. But if you are worried that people might misunderstand you, then after your sarcastic comment, say Just kidding! or
I'm only joking! or
I'm sorry! ... I'm just being sarcastic. If you want to be sarcastic in writing (for example in an email), try putting an exclamation mark in brackets after your sarcastic comment, like this: So then we visited an enormous steam train museum and you can just imagine what fun that was(!)
Listen to some examples of dialogues featuring sarcastic remarks:[an error occurred while processing this directive] WHAT HAVE YOU LEARNT? Quiz
For each statement, choose an appropriate sarcastic response. Flash not working? You can download a pdf version of the quiz at the bottom of the page.
Download quiz (17k)
A homeless man pats a dog on December 13, 2011 in front of his makeshift shelter built from wood, tin and plastic booth in Budapest's 22nd district. Several local families have attempted to find refuge before the onset of winter but local authorities wanted to knockdown the temporary camp with heavy machinery, an action stemmed by the intervention of the civic organization mediator the "City is Ours", granting a delay until the end of the winter season. AFP PHOTO / ATTILA KISBENEDEK (Photo credit should read ATTILA KISBENEDEK/AFP/Getty Images) A homeless man pats a dog in front of his makeshift shelter. (Photo by ATTILA KISBENEDEK/AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON (CBSDC) — The People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals are up in arms over an initiative in San Francisco that gives dogs to homeless men and women in the hopes of curbing panhandling in the area.
The program, which formally launched Aug. 1 throughout the city, is the proposed solution to a problem officials previously attempted to tackle with aggressive anti-panhandling laws and employment programs, among other methods.
The new program – called WOOF, or Wonderful Opportunities for Occupants and Fidos – will allow the homeless to assist hyperactive dogs at the city's Animal Care and Control through foster care in exchange for a small stipend.
Mayor Ed Lee placed Bevan Dufty in charge of WOOF. Dufty, who is also the director of HOPE – Housing Opportunity, Partnerships and Engagement – for San Francisco, feels there will be positive effects for both the humans and dogs involved.
“I'm tired of pushing people around,” Dufty told the San Francisco Chronicle. “You can make it difficult for people to panhandle, but ultimately they're just going to go do it somewhere else. Why not try to meet their needs for income in a way that helps the city and its animals?”
Not everyone sees the bright side, however.
PETA representatives fired off a letter to Lee that called the program “risky at best.”
“Handing over troubled animals to troubled people will save neither, and it places both at risk of injury, further trauma, and a bad end,” PETA was quoted as saying, according to the Chronicle. “Most former panhandlers are financially destitute because of struggles with substance abuse and mental-health issues. [I]t should be out of the question to play Russian roulette with these animals, allowing them to be used as lures or pawns.”
On the official PETA website, the organization states that it has offered the city of San Francisco an amount of money equal to the grant received to get WOOF off the ground – $10,000 – if the city agrees to pay panhandlers to perform other services for the area.
Handing out fliers promoting the practice of spaying and neutering pets was one suggestion offered.
Faced with a skills gap, employers are increasingly working with community colleges to provide students with both the academic education needed to succeed in today's work force and the specific hands-on skills to get a job in their companies. John Deere, for example, has designed a curriculum and donated farm equipment to several community colleges to train technicians for its dealer network. About 15 to 20 students come through the program at Walla Walla each semester. Because they are sponsored by a John Deere dealership, where the students work for half the program, most graduate in two years with a job in hand. Technicians start at salaries just shy of $40,000, on average.
Dr. Carnevale's research has found that 40 percent of middle-skills jobs pay more than $55,000 a year; some 14 percent pay more than $80,000 (by comparison, the median salary for young adults with a bachelor's degree is $50,000).
Jobs like the ones John Deere offers are still associated in people's minds with students who performed poorly in high school, those considered “not college material.” But to succeed in programs like those at Walla Walla, students need to take advanced math and writing in high school, academics typically encouraged only for those going on to four-year colleges.
Persuading students and their parents to consider the apprenticeship track is a tough sell, especially because companies want students who have a strong academic background.
Struggling to fill jobs in the Charlotte plant, Siemens in 2011 created an apprenticeship program for seniors at local high schools that combines four years of on-the-job training with an associate degree in mechatronics from nearby Central Piedmont Community College. When they finish, graduates have no student loans and earn more than $50,000 a year.
Image Apprentices at Siemens divide their time between Central Piedmont Community College and the factory, where “there's a computer every 20 or 30 feet.” Credit Siemens Energy Inc.
“These are not positions for underachievers,” said Roger Collins, who recruits apprentices for Siemens at 15 Charlotte-area high schools.
Chad Robinson was one of those students. Ranked in the top 10 of his high school's senior class, with a 3.75 grade-point average, he had already been accepted to the engineering school at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte when he told his parents he wanted to shift course and apply for the Siemens apprenticeship.
UCF assistant coaches Sean Beckton and Troy Walters, the lone holdovers from Scott Frost's UCF staff, are expected to join Frost's staff at Nebraska, a source tells Knights247.
Shannon Greene of the Orlando Sentinel and Brandon Helwig of UCFSports.com were the first to report the news.
Walters, who was passed over for the full-time job, will serve as UCF's interim head coach through the Peach Bowl. He'll join Frost's staff after the New Year, likely as the Offensive Coordinator/Wide Receivers coach.
Beckton, a long-time assistant and 1993 graduate of UCF, has been recruiting for the Knights following the coaching change, but decided to accept Frost's offer to join him in Lincoln. He served as the Knights' Tight Ends coach this season and has served in multiple roles at UCF dating back to 1992.
Beckton was inducted into the UCF Athletics Hall of Fame in 2000 and has been an integral part of the Knights recruiting success over the past decade.
In the Beginning
There's a story that I've heard about a downtrodden kingdom. This kingdom rose up to claim its independence in a political landscape already fraught with major powers. They didn't fight for their land so much as take it - the major powers didn't really give a shit about the wet marshes these people inhabited. For years and years, the people of the kingdom were bullied and persecuted by those stronger than them. A meaningless laughingstock rather than a political player of any real significance, the people suffered under the harsh rule of the powers that were.
At a certain point, the rulers of the kingdom were ready to throw in the towel. “These marshes aren't worth it,” they began to admit. “No kingdom can have success in such a wetland as this. If we are to survive, then we must move.”
Rumors of the move began to spread throughout the kingdom. The people of the kingdom were terrified by the prospect of having their lives uprooted, and the soldiers seemed resigned to defeat until the move. Complacency was all they knew.
Until one soldier, E. Martinez, took matters into his own hands. A sort of Reverse-Sampson, this man shaved off his glorious moustache. Had it been holding him back? Had its glory been distracting and outshining the other soldiers?
The reason is irrelevant. The newly naked-lipped soldier led his legion into one final battle to keep the marshes and swamps, and fought harder than he ever had before. The kingdom emerged victorious, and the cry of the bard Niehaus heralding their victory would become imprinted onto the minds of all the denizens of the swamp.
The kingdom enjoyed an unprecedented level of prosperity and opulence for six years. In the sixth year, the soldiers drove back all challengers, becoming the most feared army in decades. And, though the final battle eluded them, prolonged success seemed all but guaranteed.
Even the strongest kingdoms, however, are susceptible to the shortcomings of humankind. Especially those with a legacy of coming short. And what downfall could be more classical than lust or greed? Make no mistake, it was greed that would again throw the kingdom into anarchy.
Downfall
On July 4th, 2002, the Seattle Mariners were in 1st place of the American League West Division by a comfortable margin. Their record was 54-31 and they had a five game lead over the 2nd place Angels. They'd just come off a record-tying 116 win season, and they looked to be one of the favorites for the pennant that had only just eluded them the year before. The fans who had previously been so accustomed to squalor had grown fat off their triumphs. The leadership of the team had become greedy.
One innocent scout, a mere recon agent sent into Venezuela to search for new talent, had encountered a veritable diamond in the rough a year earlier. Felix Hernandez was a 14-year-old kid who idolized Freddy Garcia and threw 90+ MPH. Who wouldn't want him?
On July 4th, 2002, the already-rich Mariners signed their future king at the age of 16. A couple months later, the team collapsed and missed out on a playoff spot. After another year of being not-quite-good-enough for the playoffs, the team entered what has become its second dark age. The beacon of hope for this entire period has been Felix.
Thrust into the role of savior, he has responded as well as anyone could reasonably hope. He threw a perfect game. He won a Cy Young Award. He's been one of the most emotionally-charged members of teams that have otherwise engendered apathy. The team has created promotions centered around him, and for years he was pretty much the only thing that made this team tolerable.
He's done every single thing but win. That isn't to say that it's his fault. It's almost certainly a coincidence, but the team's signing of Felix marked nearly the exact beginning of their sixteen year collapse. Call it a curse, call it bad luck, call it whatever you want - the fact remains that for as long as the Mariners' best amateur-signed pitcher - and maybe best, period - has been with the organization, they've lost.
There are plenty of other people to blame. The names of tyrants will forever take up space deep in the synapses and axons of our brains - Bavasi, Zduriencik, Wakamatsu, Figgins, Wedge. Too many names for too little skull-space. Barring a thorough lobotomy, nobody's forgetting those names any time soon. Maybe the thing this organization needs is to pass the torch. For Felix to be able to just be a pitcher instead of having to be the pitcher. For some sort of heir to emerge.
It's anyone's guess as to whether Shohei Ohtani wants to be an heir, particularly to a legacy as fraught as this one, or if he even wants to shoulder the responsibility of leading a franchise. If he does, in twenty years maybe someone will write something about how he was the one to take a struggling team and turn it around. Not all Mariners fans will remember the names of every terrible player who has been a part of this franchise, but every fan knows these names - Edgar, Griffey, Ichiro, Felix, Cano...
And maybe this time next week, Ohtani.
Big-box stores promise convenience and jobs for suburbs and small towns, but have a mixed reputation with designers and citizens. Many see big boxes as icons of unsustainable sprawl, reinforcing car culture with highway-oriented access and expansive parking lots. These boxy buildings not only take up vast amounts of land but often also require infrastructure around them to be overhauled. Later, when their super-sized occupants leave: a giant empty structure is left in their wake, which can be difficult to reuse unless a similar retailer takes its place.
Some communities and architects, however, have started to turn these voids into opportunities, taking advantage of qualities unique to such megastructures. In one Texas town, a vacated Walmart has become the biggest single-story public library in the United States.
Located in McAllen, the 123,000-square-foot building in question was redesigned and retrofitted by architects from Meyer, Scherer & Rockcastle. Their approach to the project turned some of the biggest challenges of big-box reuse into opportunities. The sheer volume of the structure provided an open framework, ready to be re-purposed.
The open floor area was strategically split into various sections, including public meeting spaces and computer labs, as well as an auditorium, bookstore and cafe. On the ceiling above, the designers left structural and mechanical elements exposed, coating them in white paint. Below, bright carpets, colorful floors and modern details distinguish various occupied zones and transitional areas. New colors and materials have transformed the entry and exterior.
The award-winning building has been lauded for tackling the tricky dilemma of deserted big-box structures: “The McAllen Main Library represents an important shift in American cultural attitudes toward tolerating big box, suburban structures,” wrote the AIA National Honor Awards Jury. “The interior spaces have been dramatically transformed from a warehouse to a place with a sense of intimacy.” Walmarts across America occupy over 700,000,000 square feet of space, and this library illustrates how some of that area might be put to good use.
Inside the Box: Liabilities as Assets
The footprint of a big box store extends beyond the space occupied by the building or even the parking lot. In many cases, “roads are widened, stoplights put in …. entire bypasses might be created,” explains Julia Christensen, author of Big Box Reuse. “So all of this invested infrastructure remains after the retailer leaves the building behind.” The result is a great deal of embedded energy both in and around big boxes, which in turn also creates a strong incentive for adaptive reuse.
The question then becomes: what kinds of new programs are best suited to such huge spaces after they are vacated? What new uses will take maximum advantage, of not just the buildings, but also their parking lots and surrounding infrastructure?
After all, not every town needs or can support a library as large as the one in McAllen. Principles from that successful example can, however, be generalized to other reuse cases, since these similarly-constructed boxes share many common traits:
Volume (building and lot serve a larger number of people at once)
(building and lot serve a larger number of people at once) Openness (relatively open and flexible plans with high ceilings)
(relatively open and flexible plans with high ceilings) Orientation (linear alignment of lighting and structural bays)
(linear alignment of lighting and structural bays) Lighting (less natural light needed and/or artificial light preferred)
(less natural light needed and/or artificial light preferred) Location (regional accessibility via major roads and/or highways)
Of course, some of these vacated spaces will simply be occupied by replacement stores. Other reuses that can make use of the above traits, though, span a surprisingly wide spectrum. Big boxes have been turned into everything from commercial gyms, markets and offices to institutional museums, schools and churches.
In Eden Prairie, Minnesota a former grocery store is now a vast library with vaulted ceilings (pictured above), redesigned by BTR Architects. Another grocery in Princeton, New Jersey, has become a fitness and wellness center. In Fayetteville, North Carolina, rows of flea market stalls have replaced the aisles of an old Kmart.
In Austin, Minnesota, another Kmart was turned into offices for Hormel, as well as a giant Spam Museum. The company has since grown, its offices now occupying the entire vacated retail space, pushing the Spam Museum to a new location downtown.
The 900-student Sugar Creek Charter Elementary School in Charlotte, North Carolina, worked both with and around extant features of the Kmart that preceded it. Many of the hallways have been organized to coincide with former shopping aisles in order to take advantage of existing lighting rows. Meanwhile, the lack of exterior windows led redesigners to introduce skylights, bringing daylight into classrooms.
Location can play a key role for retailers and community-oriented institutions alike. The 1,500-seat sanctuary (plus classrooms, offices and cafe) of the Grace Fellowship Church between Latham and Troy in New York, occupies what was once a Grand Union Grocery Store. The congregation saw the site as a strategic asset; the store was highly accessible by regional roads and highways.
Some of these retail boxes continue to change occupancy over time, serving one or more functions either sequentially or even simultaneously. In Round Rock, Texas, half of a Walmart was converted into RPM Indoor Raceway; when the racetrack left, the structure was subdivided to house a gym, smoothie shop, hair salon and other retail occupants. In Lebanon, Missouri, an old Kmart is now part library and part Route 66 Museum and cafe, also housing other smaller stores. Such mixed-use solutions have financial advantages too, making it easier for individual tenants to afford sections of a sizable whole.
In other cases, success leads to expansion and additional conversions. The Snowy Range Academy in Laramie, Wyoming, first took over the empty space left by a Walmart, then subsequently grew to occupy adjacent retail square footage (previously used by a Dollar Tree and a Staples store). Truck loading areas alongside the complex have been turned into recess and playground spaces for students.
Lest it seems like this phenomenon is strictly limited to rural locations: an IKEA in Burbank (on the edge of Los Angeles) is currently being converted into a 765-unit apartment complex. The company has apparently outgrown their 242,000-square-foot store built in 1990 and is opening a new one nearly twice its size.
Remaking the Box: Adaptive Approaches
Many current big-box reuse projects are pragmatic, addressing immediate needs and reflecting current conditions on the ground. Some design concepts have been proposed, however, that go beyond present adaptations and reshape boxes more fundamentally.
In 2008, the Washington Post brought together a team of artists, architects and engineers to consider the question of big-box reuse in general. The resulting proposals are more theoretical (at least, so far) but nonetheless rooted in reality and compelling in scope. The three examples below show a range of possibilities that draw inspiration from rural, suburban and urban sources.
The (above) approach by Esocoff & Associates leaves the box itself relatively intact and focuses on additions: new layers are provided for parking, farming, rainwater and solar energy collection. The stacked box is then wrapped (and essentially hidden) in a layer of housing.
A solution proposed by Roger K. Lewis, author and emeritus professor of architecture at the University of Maryland, involves cutting up boxes to create denser housing inside of them. Structurally, the design approach takes advantage of the relative ease with which sections and holes can be sliced and punched out of superstore facades and roofs.
Christopher B. Leinberger and Darrel Rippeteau imagined leaving the boxes essentially alone, focusing instead on their parking lots. Superstore parking areas can be multiple times larger than the commercial spaces they service, creating an even bigger blank slate for redevelopment. In this design duo's lot-oriented scheme (above), entire city blocks of mixed-use architecture emerge vertically from the empty asphalt. These dense new developments take on the role of replacement anchors and become walkable centers of attention and activity. Meanwhile, ground parking is replaced with vertical ramps and remaining paved spaces between the new construction and old boxes become public roadways. Furnished with fresh potential customers living right across the street, occupied boxes can be supported or empty ones refilled … all thanks to newly-adjacent micro-communities.
Each of these solutions is currently conceptual in nature and would require more planning than simply finding replacement tenants. Still, they serve to open up the questions and issues of big-box reuse to a larger community of built environment designers and experts.
Beyond the Box: Form Reforms Function
Adaptive reuse is as old as architecture itself, with few buildings retaining their original structure, layout and functions across generations. Far more time and money is spent revamping existing structures than building new ones. Warehouses become lofts, asylums turn into schools, homes and offices shift shape with tenants and technology.
“Almost no buildings adapt well,” writes Stewart Brand in his seminal book How Buildings Learn. “They're designed not to adapt; also budgeted and financed not to, constructed not to, administered not to, maintained not to, regulated and taxed not to. But all buildings adapt anyway … because the usages in and around them change constantly.”
Suburbia will inevitably morph over time, just as cities do, and not just the big-box stores. Indoor and strip malls, office parks and drive-through fast-food chains will also grow into new uses fit for future generations. In many ways, these various suburban typologies are particularly well-suited to adaptation: no one cares about what happens to unloved structures, making them perfect candidates for complete transformations.
“While no one likes to see businesses fail,” write Ellen Dunham-Jones and June Williamson, authors of Retrofitting Suburbia, “redevelopment of these sites to respond to new suburban demographics, rising transportation costs, and infrastructure investments provides the opportunity to transform the most automobile dependent landscapes into more sustainable, more urban places. The big development project for the next 50 years likely will be retrofitting suburbia.”
Google Cardboard might be one of the more divisive devices in the VR community, but you can't say it's not the most popular. Today, we were able to confirm with Google that since the Google Cardboard was announced as a ‘20% project' at Google I/O last year (later becoming a full on project), over 1.1 million of the inexpensive virtual reality viewers have made their way into the marketplace.
Before you go getting too excited over that figure, it is worth noting that a large number of those have been distributed as giveaways at events like Comic Con, where over 103,000 Cardboards were given away, rather than having been purchased by actual consumers. There has been a big push by brands looking to appear to be on the bleeding edge of innovation to use branded Google Cardboards at their trade show booths, for example. Still though, this is a very exciting figure for virtual reality's growth.
In John Carmack's keynote address at GDC this year he mentioned something that really struck home “every GearVR has been on at least ten heads.” Now, whether or not Carmack had actual quantifiable data to back that up is a mystery but it does speak to the nature of VR, it is something that you want to share with the people you know. If we even took a conservative estimate and said that for every Google Cardboard five people have tried it we begin to look at some really impactful numbers.
But Will, these people are trying a lesser version of VR – don't you think this is ‘poisoning the well,' so to speak?
Personally, I don't think that it is. There is a purpose to what they are doing, and I think the physical nature of the product signals to the consumer that this isn't something as high level as an Oculus Rift (I mean it is made of cardboard after all) for example, provided they are aware of that segment in the first place. Cardboard provides an inexpensive entry point, a way to get the idea of what VR is for consumers. It may be far from perfect, but it is better than say a TV ad for VR.
Oculus' founder, Palmer Luckey, isn't worried about Google Cardboard damaging VR's reputation that much either – but he also clearly doesn't have rosey feelings about the project. In a recent interview with Eric Johnson at Recode, Luckey responded to a question about Cardboard:
“There are some people right now who are worried about it hurting people's perception of VR, and there's some validity to that. But at the same time, consumer VR is going to be out there in large numbers in the next year or two. I think people are going to realize what the deficiencies are. I don't worry about mass middle-market people being turned off by Cardboard. It's going to become clear that it's its own separate segment, way below everything else that's going on…..I don't think it's going to be providing a good VR experience anytime soon.”
Ultimately, however, mobile phone viewers are likely to remain a big part of virtual reality's ascension into the mainstream. Speaking to a number of companies who are working on Google Cardboard like projects, it seems that there is significant interest on the cellular service provider's side to bundle these cheap mobile viewers with the purchase of a plan. Verizon, for example, is already placing VR content installations in some of their stores – albeit on the much more effective, Samsung GearVR. The motivations for this are obvious, the VR viewer provides a shiny new value add that brings consumers through the door and then they potentially clean up on data charges as customers download and stream large files of VR content. It's business, but it could really help increase awareness around VR and in the end that is what is going to drive the industry's success.
Tagged with: cardboard, gearvr, google, google cardboard, john carmack, mobile, mobile VR, oculus, palmer luckey, samsung gearvr, verizon, virtual reality, VR
Rhode Island on Thursday joined 11 other states that plan to raise their minimum wage to at least $9 over the next several years.
At the start of next year, the state minimum wage will rise a buck to $9 an hour, according to a new measure Gov. Lincoln Chafee (D) signed into law on Thursday.
Only three states currently have a minimum wage of at least $9. Washington's is highest at $9.32, followed by Oregon's minimum wage at $9.10. California's rose to $9 earlier this week. When Rhode Island's new rate goes into effect, it will be joined by three others: the minimum wage in Massachusetts will rise to $9, while that in Vermont and Connecticut will jump to $9.15. In all but three — Minnesota, Michigan and New York — the minimum wages will be above $10.
By 2018, 12 states will have reached or surpassed the $9 level. Ten states and D.C. have enacted increases this year alone, according to a list maintained by the National Conference of State Legislatures. The states are: Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Rhode Island, Vermont and West Virginia. Many more — 34 states — have considered doing so, according to the NCSL.
At a time when banks could hardly be more unpopular, one of America's most despised has just saved the biggest solar rooftop project in US history.
It is not just the Occupy Wall St protesters who are angry at the behavior of banks. At the Durban Climate Talks this week, NGOs attending the Durban Climate Talks named the three worst banks in the world who have funded the most coal projects since the Kyoto Accord was signed. Funding coal projects is about the worst thing banks can do for the climate. The top three banks in the world for coal project funding are… JP Morgan Chase, Citibank and Bank of America. (All, you might note, US banks).
Yet one of the these three global pariahs (in my opinion) – Bank of America – has just revived the military SolarStrong project, 120,000 solar installations on military housing rooftops that will more than double the total residential solar installations in the US, and be the largest residential solar project in US history.
Confused? Wait, it gets even more strange…
SolarStrong was an ambitious five-year plan by Solar City, a solar leasing company that installs, owns and operates rooftop solar installations, mostly for homeowners, and provides the homeowners with solar electricity at a lower cost than utility power.
They were just about to be approved in September by the US Department of Energy for financial backing to build more than $1 billion in solar power projects for privatized US military housing communities across the country.
The five-year project plan would comprise a combined 300 megawatts of clean, renewable electricity, distributed across 120,000 installations on military housing rooftops. The Obama administration requires all the Federal Agencies to cut their greenhouse gases 28% by 2020. The military, one of the few US agencies that is adequately funded, has been meeting the requirement with alacrity. They needed additional funding to begin, though, which the DOE was on track to provide.
But then one of the other solar companies that the DOE had guaranteed a loan for went bankrupt and Republicans in the US – who work for the 1% and against renewable energy – lept at the opportunity to gin-up a fake scandal over solar funding by the Obama administration.
As Andrew Burger at Cleantechnica puts it:
With the media buzzing about the Solyndra “scandal,” House Republicans launched a campaign to cut and claw back federal funding and financial assistance for clean energy. Caught up in the furor, an anticipated partial DOE Section 1705 loan guarantee fell by the wayside as the DOE notified SolarCity that it would not be able to process the application in time to meet a stipulated program deadline.
The DOE could not meet the deadline because congressional Republicans had added vast quantities of new red tape at the last minute, as Secretary Chu pointed out in an uncharacteristically peevish email to Solar City at the time. So the great project was killed. In the meantime, the Occupy Wall Street movement erupted, spontaneously, worldwide, with its message to banks that the 99% are bigger than you, the 1%.
Bank of America had loaned $4.3 billion for coal projects in just the last year. But that was before the Occupy movement.
With this swift assistance to SolarCity in providing the needed capital for it to invest in the $1 billion 120,000 solar rooftop arrays to revive SolarStrong, BofA is almost a quarter of the way to parity in funding for renewable power for the year. With this surprise move, Bank of America almost appears to be turning its back on the interests of the 1%.
Is there redemption? Perhaps…but this is something that foreigners watching America's solar business should think about.
Read more on the Occupy Movement:
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The left-back position has been a problem area for Liverpool ever since the departure of John Arne Riise in 2008.
It's been the one position where the Reds have struggled to find a sustainable solution.
Jose Enrique looked like he may be the one to fulfil the role and displayed early promise to suggest just that.
But an injury hit campaign for the Spaniard last term meant Glen Johnson and Daniel Agger were forced out onto the left as on-loan specialist left-back Aly Cissokho proved otherwise unconvincing.
Now, though, Enrique is back and full fit from the knee injury that blighted his campaign and Brendan Rodgers is close to sealing a deal for Spanish left-back Alberto Moreno.
One man who knows a thing or two about the role is Liverpool legend Alan Kennedy.
Signed from Newcastle United by Bob Paisley in 1978, Kennedy was brought in to solve what was a problematic position even then.
Joey Jones, Tommy Smith and Alan Hansen had all filled in but after adapting to the position – a rocky debut at Queens Park Rangers which led Paisley to say at half-time ‘I think they shot the wrong Kennedy' – the man from the North East would go on to make more than 250 appearances in Red.
And Kennedy believes that it is vital Brendan Rodgers brings some much-needed continuity to the position.
“There have been three or four players who have played in that position and you've got Glen Johnson and Daniel Agger who have filled in out of position to play there,” he says.
“When Jose Enrique came in I thought he would do very well. He looked very confident and had played ever so well at Newcastle so it looked like he would be the solution.
“Obviously his injury damaged his chances of really pushing on but you need to have that bit of continuity in your team and Liverpool haven't had that in the left-back position for years now.
“If you've got your middle two sorted then your goalkeeper has the confidence of playing in a settled defence and that can sometimes mean that full-backs are just filled by anyone.
“But you saw at the World Cup this year how effective the full-backs arein adding something extra to the attacks.
“Glen Johnson can sometimes be our best forward because he is a threat on the attack but we've not had that on the left.
“That was my forte. I liked getting up and down and I was confident in my team-mates that they would be back me up.
“I was always an outlet and I think full-backs sometimes get overlooked with what they can offer going forward because you do see so many being restricted.
“They haven't got too many options when they get forward because it's either pass it on or get a cross in so it's important to have that confidence in your attacking ability.
“That's what it is about. Brendan is very good in giving his players confidence. He presses that the players must always think forward and the full-backs are key to that thinking.”
Kennedy is of the opinion that because of the way Liverpool play, the position can be of huge benefit to the Reds.
“Full-backs at the moment don't get too much exposure and it allows them to get forward a lot more,” the two-time European Cup winner added.
“There is always a two v one situation in favour of Liverpool because you have the likes of Coutinho, Sterling and even Markovic the other night would come back and double up.
“They don't get pestered too much so defensively their duties aren't quite as important as they used to be.
“Moreno represents a more natural left-back simply because he is left footed.
“He will provide excellent competition for Enrique I'm sure but that's not to say Jon Flanagan still isn't in with a shout of playing there. You can play right-footed players at left-back but you can't do it the other way around so he offers that versatility which is quite rare at the top level.
“There is a good future and it's nice for Brendan if he does get Moreno because he'll have so much competition for one position.
“Nobody has really stood out and said ‘I'm the number three' so perhaps Moreno can get a run in the side and if the team are winning then Brendan won't want to change that and that's how you'll get that consistency.”
Despite the signing of Javier Manquillo from Atletico Madrid and the prospect of Moreno joining him from Sevilla, Kennedy reckons the Reds already have a bright future in the shape of Flanagan.
So highly does the Liverpool legend rate the youngster he thinks he showed last season he was more than just someone who could fill in at left-back.
He says: “When I look at Jon Flanagan, to me he looks more suited at left-back than he does on the right.
“He adapted to the position really well last season and I think people overlook him some times and think he is a young lad and he isn't predominately left-footed.
“But for me he did exceptionally well and I think he contributed to giving Liverpool a good balance.
“He's looked very strong and I think he could well go on to nail down a position on either side.
“Jon has something about him that I really like. He is prepared to force his way into the team and that character is vital for someone of his age.
“I think perhaps even he may have been surprised by just how well he has done.
“Liverpool came in for some criticism after conceding so many goals in the league but from my point of view I don't think any of that can be levelled at Jon.”
He'll always have Paris (and Rome... and Wembley)
Liverpool 1-0 Real Madrid, 1981 European Cup Final
Alan Kennedy (above, with Phil Thompson and the European Cup) always had an eye for the big goal.
On an unforgettable night in Paris his blistering shot fizzed past the Real Madrid keeper in a blur to bring the European Cup to Anfield for the third time in five seasons in 1981.
“The goalkeeper should have done ­better,” Kennedy said. “But the whole thing was down to luck. I didn't even want the ball when Ray Kennedy took his throw in, I was just making a run to try and make space for someone else.
“But the ball hit me on the chest and dropped perfectly.
“The defender came in and nothing happened. I still had the ball but I didn't know whether to shoot or cross, and basically I just wellied it towards goal. It went in, and I ran behind the goal to celebrate.
“I think everyone was surprised, but it was the kind of thing I had dreamed about.”
Liverpool 2-1 Man United, 1983 League Cup Final
Almost 100,000 fans crammed into Wembley when these two met in the 1983 Milk Cup final.
After Norman Whiteside's early opener, centre-backs Gordon McQueen and Kevin Moran suffered injuries and Kennedy's late equaliser took the match to extra time.
It was a skimming 25-yard strike into the bottom corner and another decisive goal from the attacking left-back.
Ronnie Whelan would go on to curl home a delightful winner.
Liverpool 1-1 Roma (a.e.t) (4-2 penalties), 1984 European Cup Final
And they say lightning never strikes twice.
Three years after his winner in Paris, Kennedy went and did it again with the winning penalty against AS Roma in their own backyard.
“As I put the ball down on the spot, I'm thinking to myself, ‘Alan, please just hit the target'.
“I kept changing my mind. When I actually walked back I thought to myself, ‘Come on, let's put this one away'.
“Fortunately for me, the Roma goalkeeper Tancredi went down a little bit early and I put the ball to his right.”
Maybe Hillary Clinton isn't going to be elected president after all. That's a thought evoking glee in some, nausea in others, terror in some and relief at the removal of an increasingly tedious figure from public view in still more.
The thought is prompted by the CNN/ORC poll showing Clinton trailing Donald Trump in four-candidate pairings by a 45 to 43 percent margin. Clinton's lead in the RealClearPolitics.com average of recent polls is down from 7.6 percent on Aug. 9 to 2.8 percent today. The FiveThirtyEight Web site has Trump's chances of winning up to 30 percent.
The CNN/ORC poll has been criticized for having more self-identified Republicans than Democrats. Since random sample polling was invented in 1935, there hasn't been a presidential election in which self-identified Republicans outnumbered self-identified Democrats. The closest was in 2004, when the exit poll showed both parties with 37 percent.
But there may be something to learn from CNN/ORC's decision to whittle their sample down to likely voters. The Clinton campaign's goal has been to replicate Barack Obama's 51 percent coalition in 2012. Assembling that coalition relied on spurring turnout among black, Hispanic and young voters.
There are plenty of signs Clinton is poorly positioned to do that. Black turnout and Democratic percentage is likely to be down, at least slightly, from when the first black president was seeking reelection.
Polls have shown Hispanics less interested and motivated by this campaign than just about any other demographic group.
Young voters, while repelled by Trump, are not attracted by Clinton. She ran way behind Bernie Sanders among young women as well as young men in primaries and caucuses. Four-candidate polls typically show Clinton running far behind the 60 percent Obama won among under-30s in 2012, with as many as 20 percent preferring Libertarian Gary Johnson or Green candidate Jill Stein.
So turnout could tilt more Republican this time. And these polls mostly don't measure the impact of the recently released notes from Clinton's FBI interviews that took place over the weekend before July 4. They were released late Friday afternoon before the Labor Day weekend, and only two current national polls included some interviews conducted afterward.
So most respondents had no time to digest the juicy bits, such as the BleachBit destruction of thousands of e-mails after they were subpoenaed by the House committee on Benghazi.
When asked about the “C” notations on documents, Clinton said that perhaps they had something to do with alphabetical order, even though there were no documents labeled “A,” “B” or “D.” The candidate touted as the most qualified ever professed deep ignorance about government classification practices.
According to polls, more than 60 percent of Americans believe Clinton is not honest or trustworthy. The FBI interview notes provide further convincing evidence that she's a liar and a cheat. The kid gloves treatment she got from the FBI — no recordings, allowing aide and co-conspirator Cheryl Mills in the interview — confirm the impression that the fix was in.
None of this is helpful to Clinton's candidacy. It helps explain why she didn't subject herself to a standard press conference for 278 days, and why the polls are suddenly tightening.
Another reason is that Trump finally found his bearings. When Clinton was fund-raising in Hollywood, the Hamptons and Martha's Vineyard, Trump visited flood-stricken Louisiana and met with President Enrique Peña Nieto in Mexico City, where he was treated as and acted like a serious national leader.
That night in Phoenix, he dialed back on unrealistic immigration promises (of deporting all 11 million illegals) and advanced a surprisingly plausible reform package.
In a world where FedEx and UPS can track packages and Visa and MasterCard can process purchases, why should it be impossible for the government to track visa holders and verify job applicants' legal status? And why shouldn't we revise immigration law to encourage high-skill and discourage low-skill immigration?
Of course, Trump has proved himself capable of self-harm, and many voters will likely continue to find him unacceptable. But suddenly it's looking like a real contest.
Novartis achieves important regulatory milestone for AMG 334 (erenumab) in migraine prevention
News Hour:
Novartis announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has accepted its Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for AMG 334 (erenumab) for the prevention of a migraine. Erenumab is an anti-CGRP monoclonal antibody developed to prevent a migraine. It is the only one that is fully human and binds selectively to the CGRP receptor, believed to play a critical role in mediating the incapacitating pain of a migraine.
“Novartis has a longstanding history of redefining clinical practice in neurology by bringing innovative medicines to those with the greatest need. We look forward to continuing this legacy by working with the European health authorities on our goal to make our fully human monoclonal antibody, erenumab, the first new therapy available to migraine patients in over a decade,” said Vas Narasimhan, Global Head Drug Development and Chief Medical Officer for Novartis.
The regulatory submission to the EMA includes data from four Phase II and III clinical studies involving more than 2,600 patients experiencing four or more migraine days per month. These and other data will be presented at the 3rd Congress of the European Academy of Neurology (June 24-27, 2017, Amsterdam, the Netherlands).
Across the comprehensive clinical program, erenumab demonstrated clinically meaningful, statistically significant and sustained efficacy versus placebo in reducing the number of migraine days per month. Erenumab also showed significant improvements on the impact migraine had on patients' Disability and Quality of Life (emotional well-being and everyday life, such as missed work days or time spent away from friends and family), compared to placebo. In all studies, the safety profile of erenumab was comparable to placebo. In addition, an extension trial is ongoing, evaluating its long-term safety in people with a migraine for up to five years.
A migraine is a chronic neurological disease characterized by recurrent attacks of moderate to the severe head pain that is typically pulsating, often unilateral and associated with nausea, vomiting, and sensitivity to light, sound, and odors. Migraine has a profound and limiting impact on patients' abilities to carry out everyday tasks and as such, the World Health Organization has declared migraine to be one of the top ten causes of disability for men and women.
It remains an area of significant unmet medical need. Existing preventive therapies have been repurposed from other indications and are often associated with poor tolerability and lack of efficacy, which lead to increasing discontinuation rates and dissatisfaction among patients.
Novartis and Amgen will co-commercialize AMG 334 (erenumab) in the US. Amgen has exclusive commercialization rights in Japan and Novartis has exclusive commercialization rights in rest of world. The companies will continue global co-development.
Like this: Like Loading...
Five record companies have lost a case against communications company UPC in a bid to force the internet service provider to stop internet users downloading copyright material.
The record companies were seeking a High Court injunction. But this morning Justice Charleton said in his judgement that the 'legislative response laid down in out country... has made no proper provision for the blocking, diverting or interrupting of internet communications intent on breaching copyright'. UPC is the third largest internet provider in Ireland, with 15% of the market.
Eircom has already reached an agreement with the Irish Recorded Music Association, in which it provides the record companies with the IP (internet protocol) addresses of those who illegally download material.
Eircom operates a 'three strikes and out' rule, whereby someone caught downloading illegal three times will have their internet service cut off for a year if they persist.
Record companies have initiated similar proceedings against O2 and 3 Ireland in a bid to secure a similar agreement.
UPC said it noted the court's decision. It reiterated that it would continue to work with the main interested parties to identify and address the main areas of concern in the file-sharing debate.
'UPC has repeatedly stressed that it does not condone piracy and has always taken a strong stance against illegal activity on its network,' it said.
IRMA chairman Willie Kavanagh said the body was extremely disappointed. He said the High Court today had effectively determined that the State had failed to protect the constitutional rights of copyright holders, by failing to implement EU copyright directives correctly.
Its director general Dick Doyle said IRMA would look to the Government to fully vindicate the constitutional rights of copyright holders. 'We reserve the right to seek compensation for the past and continuing losses from the State,' he added.
Eircom considering position
A spokesperson for Eircom has said the internet service provider will be considering its position in light of today's high court ruling, in relation to the illegal downloading of music.
Eircom has a voluntary agreement to provide record companies with the IP addresses of customers involved in file sharing.
It also operates a 'three strikes and you're out' rule, so if customers are caught illegally sharing files online, more than three times, they will be disconnected for a year.
Meanwhile, Minister for Communications Eamon Ryan intends to invite representatives from the music industry and internet service providers into his Department to formulate an agreed approach, on peer to peer file sharing.
To this day, its theme song is hard-wired into the baby-boomer brain:
Hey, hey, we're the Monkees,
and people say we monkey around.
But we're too busy singing
to put anybody down.
While the four did much of their own singing, they were relatively unbusy playing. Though each played an instrument — growing more proficient with time — most of the instrumentals on their albums were supplied by studio musicians. (On one album, “Headquarters,” released in 1967, the Monkees played their instruments themselves.)
The group's critical reception was not unsurpassed. In 1967, in an article about one of the Monkees' relatively rare live concerts of the period, at Forest Hills Stadium in Queens, The New York Times said:
“Frequently during the performance, sound that resembled the lowing of a sick cow hovered over the stadium. This turned out to be one of those horns often heard at Shea Stadium during baseball games. It didn't seem to hurt the musical evening.”
But the critics could not dim the profuse enthusiasm of fans, who were overwhelmingly young, female and shrieking — tweeners before the word was applied to that demographic.
This adulation (and in later years nostalgia) kept the Monkees going, in various incarnations, on and off for decades. Last year three-quarters of the group, absent Mr. Nesmith, briefly toured Britain and the United States before cutting the tour short because of unspecified internal dissension.
Photo
The group's frontman and the only actual Englishman of the four, Mr. Jones was inclined to elicit the loudest shrieks of all. An index of his appeal was his guest appearance on a memorable episode of “The Brady Bunch” from 1971 entitled “Getting Davy Jones.” In it, Mr. Jones, playing himself, saves Marcia, the family's eldest daughter, from social ruin by attending her prom.
Television and the stage were actually Mr. Jones's original vocations.
David Thomas Jones was born on Dec. 30, 1945, in Manchester, England. A child actor, he appeared on “Coronation Street,” the British soap opera that went on the air in 1960 and is still running, and in the police drama “Z Cars.” After his mother's death when he was a teenager, he abandoned acting. Slight of build — he stood not much more than 5 feet tall in his prime — he began to train as a jockey.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Lured back into the theater a few years later, he played the Artful Dodger in the West End musical “Oliver!” When the production moved to Broadway in 1963, he reprised the role (billed as David Jones), earning a Tony nomination as best featured actor in a musical.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Appearing with the cast of “Oliver!” on “The Ed Sullivan Show,” Mr. Jones had a transformative moment. After the cast sang, he heard wild cheering. But alas it was not for them: it was for the Beatles, also booked on the show that day.
“I thought: Is that what happens when you're a pop singer?” Mr. Jones told The Palm Beach Post in 2004. “I want to be part of that!”
His work on Broadway led to guest roles on a few mid-'60s television shows, including “Ben Casey” and “The Farmer's Daughter.” He was signed to a contract with Columbia Pictures/Screen Gems Television, which produced “The Monkees.”
Mr. Jones, who had homes in Hollywood, Fla., and Beavertown, Pa., spent his later years touring; acting occasionally on television shows like “My Two Dads” and “Boy Meets World”; raising horses; and recording, including the well-received solo album “Just Me” (2001), which featured his original songs.
Whatever Monkeedom still attached to him (and it was considerable) did not dismay him.
“People ask me if I ever get sick of playing ‘Daydream Believer' or whatever,” he told The Chicago Daily Herald, a suburban newspaper, in 2006. “But I don't look at it that way. Do they ask if Tony Bennett is tired of ‘I Left My Heart in San Francisco'?”
Mr. Jones's first marriage, to Linda Haines, ended in divorce, as did his second, to Anita Pollinger. His survivors include his third wife, Jessica Pacheco; two daughters from his first marriage, Talia Jones and Sarah McFadden; two daughters from his second marriage, Jessica Cramar and Annabel Jones; three sisters, Hazel Wilkinson, Lynda Moore and Beryl Leigh; and three grandchildren.
The other three members of the Monkees also survive.
Perhaps Mr. Jones's most enduring legacy takes the form of a name. The name belongs to another English musician, who burst on the scene some years after the Monkees. This man, too, had been born David Jones. But thanks to the Monkees' renown, he knew he would have to adopt another name entirely if he was to have the hope of a career.
So he called himself David Bowie.
It is unclear whether high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS), which contains a higher amount of fructose and provides an immediate source of free fructose, induces greater systemic concentrations of fructose as compared with sucrose. It is also unclear whether exposure to higher levels of fructose leads to increased fructose-induced adverse effects. The objective was to prospectively compare the effects of HFCS- vs sucrose-sweetened soft drinks on acute metabolic and hemodynamic effects. Forty men and women consumed 24 oz of HFCS- or sucrose-sweetened beverages in a randomized crossover design study. Blood and urine samples were collected over 6 hours. Blood pressure, heart rate, fructose, and a variety of other metabolic biomarkers were measured. Fructose area under the curve and maximum concentration, dose-normalized glucose area under the curve and maximum concentration, relative bioavailability of glucose, changes in postprandial concentrations of serum uric acid, and systolic blood pressure maximum levels were higher when HFCS-sweetened beverages were consumed as compared with sucrose-sweetened beverages. Compared with sucrose, HFCS leads to greater fructose systemic exposure and significantly different acute metabolic effects.
As a young man, I was living out my day-to-day life without care or consolation. Just me. I found my significance in my own mind and in the pleasures that I frequently hunted for. I couldn't let myself have moments of quiet, because when the quiet came, I would hear pain. Eventually, the sound of that pain became so deafening that I had to search for what the sound was and how to silence it. It shook my very soul.
I searched throughout my world to find the source of the sound, only to find that many people heard the same cries. Those cries drove other men and women to do the most horrible and detestable things, with even some ending their own lives to get away from the madness that the pain brought with it. Without answers, I sought further into the farthest reaches of my world. Then, I came to a hill which had a cross made of wood, poised at the crest.
The cross was large and the wooden beams strong, apparently to hold some significant weight. However, all I saw upon it was a simple man. I noticed a sign on the cross that said the name ‘Jesus.' Dressed in his own blood, it was from this man that I heard the screams overwhelming of pain, even though he barely made a sound. I approached him and asked why he was there, to which he uttered but a single word, “Love.” The man had been beaten and made raw by whips. I saw nails affixing him to the wooden beams and I could not help but to think of the pain that this man endured. I tried to get him down myself, but it was as if the weight of a thousand worlds had pinned him there. I yelled, “Please, what must I do to help you? I cannot bear your cry!”
The man said that he had placed himself upon that cross because of sin. He said he wanted that sin to be his, even though it belonged to every person on earth. So I begged him, “I am sorry. Please sir, tell me, what must I do?” He replied, “Go forth and tell everyone you meet that there is a man on the cross.” He then explained to me that it would take the strength of love alone to get him down from that cross. Not just from me, but from every man, women, and child. And until everyone lifted him up with one love from a unified heart, there he would drape across those wooden beams, holding those sins as his own.
Now, Jesus asks you as well to go forth with a message that there is a man on a cross. It is a message of the need for love amongst all people, always keeping that cross in mind. The cross and pain that we cannot bear on our own.
DH
It's less than a week since the last tube strike and underground workers have already announced two more 24 hour walkouts later this month. Tube drivers get paid £49,673 and up to 52 days holiday a year. They are striking because they don't want the night-time tube plan to go ahead, despite being offered an above inflation pay rise, bonuses for all staff and, incredibly, a £200 per night bribe for drivers, who already work night shifts, to do a night shift.
There is of course a proven, reliable and safe solution to striking tube drivers. Driverless tubes…
There are at least 63 automated subway train systems in the world, including London's very own Dockland's Light Railway, which has been chugging across east London without a driver since 1987. In the only serious DLR incident that Guido can find, the train was being driven under manual control.
It's not just the DLR: the Jubilee, Victoria and Central lines are all semi-automatic. They don't even call their train drivers “drivers“, they are “train operators“. Their job? They literally have to press two buttons at the same time and the train drives itself. The £50,000 a year train operators also have to look after the doors…
Do you want to live in a London free from the stranglehold of RMT militants? Let Boris know by signing this petition.
A senior Hezbollah official said Friday he would not address claims made by Israel that the Lebanon-based militant organization possessed Scud missiles, the Associated Press reported (see GSN, April 15).
"What we have is not their business," Minister Hussein Haj Hassan said in reference to Hezbollah's weapons stockpile.
Israeli President Shimon Peres charged Syria with supplying the Scud missiles, which are believed to have the capability to hit any target in Israel. However, Jerusalem did not provide evidence for the claim.
The Syrian Foreign Ministry responded by stating that Damascus "believes that Israel aims through these claims to further strain the atmosphere in the region."
Hassan also asserted Friday that Jerusalem had an extensive weapons arsenal that includes nuclear warheads (see GSN, April 15).
"It's only natural for Lebanon to have the means to defend itself against Israeli attack," he said on Hezbollah's al-Manar TV.
The Syrian arsenal of Scud missiles is believed to number in the hundreds. Observers have said that some of those weapons could be used to carry chemical warfare agents.
The missiles would be the largest and most precise weapons in Hezbollah's stockpile, which has been claimed to include more than 30,000 rockets (Zeina Karam, Associated Press/Yahoo!News, April 16).
Q: Were your girls as hacked off as mine were that Kanye gave Taylor Swift the Joe Wilson treatment?
Obama: I thought that was really inappropriate. You know it was like she's getting an award -- why are you butting in? I, I hear you -- I agree with you.
Q: So does that count as the first question?
Obama: The young lady seems like a perfectly nice person. She's getting her award. What's he doing up there? He's a jackass. (Laughter) No, now -- this -- all this stuff -- I'm assuming all this stuff. Where's the pool? Come on guys. Cut the president some slack. I got a lot of other stuff on my plate. Yeah. Because I remember last time it was the fly thing. Now that was the highlight of (trails off)
Q: No that worked out well for you. You were a ninja.
Obama: Except PETA... (laughter)
Cowboys receiver Dez Bryant is making good progress four weeks after suffering a high ankle sprain, running and cutting during a workout on Monday for the first time since the injury.
But while Cowboys owner Jerry Jones had previously said he hoped Bryant could play in two preseason games, the team is now taking it slow with Bryant — so slow that Bryant himself is getting frustrated. Bryant wants to play in Saturday's preseason game, but the team is pointing to the regular-season opener against the Redskins as his likely first chance at live action.
“It's very frustrating, but at the same time, I've got to look at the big picture,” Bryant said, per Tim MacMahon of ESPNDallas.com. “I'm trying my best to look at the big picture instead of what's going on now. That's the Washington Redskins.”
Cowboys coach Wade Phillips defended taking the cautious route.
“We'll just wait and see,” Phillips said. “I know he wants to play and he feels better, but we still want to make sure that he's healthy.”
It's easy to see why Phillips is slowing Bryant down. The last thing Phillips needs is for Bryant to suffer a setback, and Jones to complain again that Bryant was overworked.
JP Auclair and Andreas Fransson are being confirmed dead in an avalanche in Chile by the National Office of Emergency of the Interior Ministry of Chile. They had been missing since Monday afternoon before they were found lifeless this afternoon by Chilean police forces.
They went missing while climbing, skiing, and filming on 12,159-foot Mt. San Lorenzo (2nd highest peak in Patagonia) near the city of Cochrane in the Aysen area. This is a remote area in Chilean Patagonia (far south Chile).
The avalanche reportedly swept them 2,300-feet down the mountain when it hit. Two other skiers were with the JP and Andreas when the avalanche occurred. It's unclear if they were in the avalanche or not at this point, but they survived.
This team of skiers arrived at Balmaceda, Chile on the 26th of September. On the 27th, they began climbing 12,159-foot Mt. San Lorenzo on the Chilean-Argentine border.
The two bodies were found by Chilean police using helicopters. Chilean police forces reached the bodies today and confirmed that they were both without life.
JP Auclair was a sensational professional freeskier from Canada, part of the original Canadian Air Force, co-inventor of the twin tip ski, and co-founder of Armada skis.
Andreas Fransson was a famous ski mountaineer from Sweden who is the only person to have ever skied the South Face of Denali, Alaska.
Mt. San Lorenzo Information:
Monte San Lorenzo, also known as Monte Cochrane, is a mountain on the border between Argentina and Chile inPatagonia, reaching a height of 3,706 metres (12,159 ft).[4] The Chilean name of Cochrane comes from the nearby town of Cochrane where climbers often approach the mountain. The peak was first climbed by Alberto María de Agostini in 1943. The mountain is covered by three large glaciers (two in Argentina and one in Chile). The Argentine glaciers show clear evidence of retreat. – wikipedia
JP and Andreas will both be sorely missed by the skiing community. Our condolences to the entire skiing world.
In the opening credits of Zack Snyder's dour superhero movie Watchmen, there's a montage showing a generation of superheroes as they travel through decades of American history, participating—triumphantly, tragically—in major events and riding undulating waves of public opinion. It's a brilliant bit of world-establishing, and a tingling evocation of something so many comic books capture, and yet so few of the movies based on them do: a true sense of how these icons—vessels of our squarest hopes and most persistent cultural paranoias—have been mapped onto the American psyche, both reflecting and absorbing us. It's a downright moving sequence, and makes one of the most convincing cases for translating superhero comics into film that I've yet seen.
Of course, then the rest of the movie happens and things get messy, Watchmen clunking down the well of cultural memory and disappearing into the dark. Zack Snyder's new superhero film, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, seems, unfortunately, destined for the same fate.
Like in Watchmen's beginning moments, this new film-as-brand-extension has a stretch, arriving somewhere in the middle this time, that is captivating, persuasive, resonant. In those scenes, we watch a society (American society, in particular) grapple with the realities, and surrealities, of this newly arrived alien called Superman. He's just defended Metropolis, and the world, from General Zod and his army, but Metropolis has been ravaged in the process, at the cost of thousands of lives. The opening of Batman v Superman brings us back to that city-destroying battle, seen at the end of Snyder's Man of Steel, and shows us the perspective of a man on the ground, racing through dust and rubble while two extraterrestrial beings, gods come to Earth, duke it out above.
Some time later, public opinion has started to turn on Superman—he's even brought before Congress. (Holly Hunter is terrific as a skeptical Kentucky senator—pity she doesn't get more scenes.) We see talking heads—real-life media gadflies like Andrew Sullivan and Neil DeGrasse Tyson—weighing the philosophical quandaries of Superman, while the hero himself goes about his solemn duty, rescuing downtrodden folks looking to the heavens for deliverance. It's not the most nuanced or sophisticated discussion of faith and politics ever committed to film, but in its context, embedded in a loud summer-season-kickoff movie like this, it's rather striking. It's engaging on emotional and intellectual wavelengths, and shows Snyder's expert talents, apparent since his near-perfect Dawn of the Dead, for montage filmmaking. Indeed, the best parts of Batman v Superman play as turgid, bombastic, and really effective music videos for a Hans Zimmer and Junkie XL album about the quaking of the American spirit, and the hard-jawed men who wrestle on its fault lines.
So, there is plenty of good in the film, much more than in Man of Steel. The moral keening of this new film seems largely inspired by the backlash to Man of Steel's opera of annihilation, as if Snyder is himself grappling with the pervasive criticism that the increasingly massive, city-wide melees so popular among franchise films these days have begun to lose all sense of context. Batman v Superman takes stock of the genuine, human toll of its predecessor, opening the door for the deeper inspection of superhero-ness that gives the film its most gripping, provocative moments.
But before too long, Snyder has shaken off the self-reflection and returned to the senseless clamor of before, bogging down Batman v Superman with an empty seriousness where, for a few inspired scenes, some actual thought has flickered tantalizingly. There is, nominally, a plot: Bruce Wayne (Ben Affleck, angry and withdrawn) doesn't much like Superman, and Clark Kent (Henry Cavill, alabaster and cool to the touch) isn't liking what he's hearing about this vigilante Batman. Meanwhile, Lois Lane is investigating an attack meant to frame Superman as a bad guy (Amy Adams, one of our most talented American movie stars, does her noble best with a role that, at one point, forces her to say “I'm not a lady, I'm a journalist”), Congress is investigating, and a twitchy tech mogul named Lex Luthor is cooking up some sort of plot to shoot Superman out of the sky.
Luthor is played by Jesse Eisenberg, an actor who knows a thing or two about playing megalomaniacal inventors/world destroyers. Like Mark Zuckerberg, who Eisenberg brilliantly embodied then immolated in The Social Network, Lex Luthor is exasperated by the dummies around him, and wields his preternatural intelligence as a cudgel to beat down the more basely powerful people who threaten his omnipotence. (Don't worry, the jocks win in the end.) But the Zuckerberg conjured up by Eisenberg had some human shape to him, whereas his Lex Luthor, with his wiggling fingers and high-pitched vocal tics, is pure theatrics. It's a shockingly misjudged performance, making a goofy hash out of any scene he's in, and further clouding an already sketchy motivation.
Not that what surrounds him is making much sense on its own, as our two heroes gird themselves for war with one another, until they inevitably, briefly fight, then, whoops, join together against a common foe. That foe, I won't tell you who it is, is plunked down into the picture with such arbitrary laziness that the entire last battle—with its huge, meaningless array of fireballs, electrical shock waves, nuclear bombs, crashing music—could be cut out of the film and you'd lose almost no actual story. They say that what makes a musical is that the songs have to advance the plot (a rigid rule that isn't always exactly true). Well, I think we should impose a similar guideline for fight scenes in superhero movies. Sure, sure, the end of Batman v Superman's climactic battle brings us somewhere big, but that end could have been arrived at in myriad other ways, none involving Snyder senselessly re-destroying a city he just said he was sorry for destroying. (Well, technically what he's destroying is across the harbor in Gotham, but it's essentially the distance of Jersey City to lower Manhattan.)
And so Batman v Superman becomes that which it initially cries out against. Ah well. At least there are the film's handful of moments, with swelling score and rich cinematography, that bracingly probe superhero identity. And, hey, there's the exciting enough introduction of Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot, tall and mysterious) and maybe some other folks, promising an Avengers-style convergence to come.
Speaking of the Avengers, the next film in Marvel's endless series is subtitled Civil War, as brother will fight against brother in a battle for the superhero's place in the world. Which is pretty similar to the thematic thrust of Batman v Superman. The current comic-book movie franchises seem to be entering the “What does it all mean, man?” phase of their adolescence. Batman v Superman takes to brooding, a sulking, self-serious movie that occasionally hits on some blunt insights. The Marvel movies are less high on their own portent, so it will be interesting to see how lightly, or not, they handle all this soul searching. That it's being done at all is probably a good sign nonetheless. Wisdom, maturity, and, most crucially, a hard-earned sense of perspective may yet lie ahead for our aging superheroes. As, we hope, it awaits us, too.
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
It's National Superhero Day and what better way to celebrate than with a new photo from Spider-Man: Homecoming featuring everyone's friendly neighborhood superhero doing his best to save the day!
Spider-Man: Homecoming, which, after his brief introduction in Captain America: Civil War, will fully immerse the beloved wall-crawler's world into the Marvel Cinematic Universe!
Jon Watts-directed film featuring the web-slinger, played by Tom Holland, doing everything he can to hold the ferry together and save the day.
Check out the new photo below: After a nearly three-year hiatus, Marvel's greatest hero is back in the limelight with a brand-new solo feature,, which, after his brief introduction in, will fully immerse the beloved wall-crawler's world into the Marvel Cinematic Universe! Yahoo! Movies , as part of their Summer Movie Preview, has released an amazing new photo from the upcoming-directed film featuring the web-slinger, played by, doing everything he can to hold the ferry together and save the day.Check out the new photo below:
A young Peter Parker/Spider-Man (Tom Holland), who made his sensational debut in Captain America: Civil War, begins to navigate his newfound identity as the web-slinging superhero in Spider-Man: Homecoming. Thrilled by his experience with the Avengers, Peter returns home, where he lives with his Aunt May (Marisa Tomei), under the watchful eye of his new mentor Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.). Peter tries to fall back into his normal daily routine – distracted by thoughts of proving himself to be more than just your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man – but when the Vulture (Michael Keaton) emerges as a new villain, everything that Peter holds most important will be threatened.
Before the unveiling, an employee was even spotted giving the figure's Spencer Hart suit an extra swipe with the lint brush. So dapper.
And so very, very identical.
Cumberbatch joins an illustrious crowd that includes royals such as Kate Middleton, Prince William, Prince Harry and Queen Elizabeth II; and Hollywood royalty like Dame Judi Dench; Johnny Depp; Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt; and Morgan Freeman.
According to the museum's website, the 38-year-old star was closely involved in the creation of his figure, telling Madame Tussauds, "I'm excited to see the finished, perfect, waxy me although slightly terrified...The work is so detailed it's going to feel a little uncomfortable and surreal seeing what I really look like!"
The perfect, waxy him indeed.
"But being so involved in the entire creation process and working so closely with the team at Madame Tussauds London was a phenomenal experience and really opened my eyes to the artistry that goes into the making of each figure. I just wish it could take selfies and sign autographs!" Cumberbatch added, obviously not envisioning just how adept at taking selfies the figure would be.
While we wait...and wait...in the States for the fourth season of Sherlock to get rolling, Cumberbatch will be starring in the BBC2 miniseries The Hollow Crown: The Wars of the Roses, playing Richard III, and he's gearing up to play Hamlet on the London stage next year.
September 7, 2010
Republicans may be poised to win in the November elections, but that doesn't mean a majority of ordinary Americans accept the right's ideology and program as their own.
IN A number of recent interviews, leading left intellectual Noam Chomsky has compared the atmosphere in the U.S. today to that of the Weimar Republic in Germany before Adolf Hitler took power. Chomsky compared the base of the so-called Tea Party movement to the base of the Nazi Party, and many on the left likewise see in the Tea Partiers an incipient American fascism.
What exactly is motivating people to make these sorts of comparisons? With the midterm election campaign heating up, one obvious factor is the polling evidence over almost a year showing that the Republicans are positioned to make major gains in November. More startling signs come from a number of events that seemed to indicate a real shift rightward among sections of the population: from Tea Party protests to public support for rounding up immigrants or denying Muslims places to worship.
But what makes people move from observations about support for conservatives to worries about incipient fascism is the notion that "it wasn't supposed to be like this."
Columnist: Lance Selfa is the author of The Democrats: A Critical History, a socialist analysis of the Democratic Party, and editor of The Struggle for Palestine, a collection of essays by leading solidarity activists. He is on the editorial board of the International Socialist Review.
Only a year or so after the biggest economic crisis since the Great Depression punctured all the neoliberal and conservative myths about the free market and gave a Democratic administration the opportunity to change course, it seems that not much has changed.
Instead of a movement calling for the bankers and CEOs to pay for the crisis they caused, we seem to have a "movement" in the Tea Party calling for a deepening of "free market" policies that will only make these matters worse. This leads many people to conclude that there is something fundamentally wrong not just with American politics, but with the American population itself.
Admittedly, this is something of a one-sided portrayal of the fears about right-wing America. But it fits a picture of ordinary Americans that many liberals and progressives hold.
MOST OF the explanations for this situation tend to explain support for the right as a bottom-up affair--a shift in cultural attitudes in reaction to the 1960s or a "false consciousness" that prioritizes social issues like abortion above economic issues like job security.
While these explanations reflect a certain reality, they don't explain it. It is better to look at the overall political climate that shaped these perceptions.
Following the Second World War, a postwar economic boom seemed to guarantee steadily rising living standards and social spending, no matter which party occupied the White House. But when the postwar boom came to an end in the mid-1970s, the corporate class collectively launched an aggressive employers' offensive aimed at breaking the power of major industrial unions, rolling back the social gains of the 1960s and challenging regulatory victories against business won by the likes of Ralph Nader and the environmental movement.
The clearest symbol of this offensive in the 1980s was the presidency of Ronald Reagan. But the employers' offensive didn't end with the Reagan administration. It continued through the 1990s and accelerated again after 2001.
The first decade of the 21st century has been one in which corporations rescinded longstanding pension and health care benefits won in union contracts decades earlier, while workers faced falling household incomes. And the effort to restrict or eliminate welfare-state protections--an important part of the business mobilization against the working class from its beginnings 30 years ago--has also continued.
Reducing the "social wage" required an assault on liberalism, the main ideological prop to the postwar welfare state. Big business spent millions to create an infrastructure of think tanks, journals, legal foundations and other organizations dedicated to reviving the old "free-market" ideas of neoliberalism. This process is still going on today. Jane Mayer's recent New Yorker exposé documents how the right-wing billionaire Koch brothers have largely bankrolled the "grassroots" Tea Party movement.
The Republican Party rebuilt its mass component through an appeal to segments of the population that rejected the social changes of the 1960s.
The 1964 Barry Goldwater campaign, although ending up on the losing end of the biggest presidential landslide in U.S. history, road-tested a new approach that conservatives later perfected. Conservatives learned how to excite political passions--not with their traditional rhetoric about property rights, but when they talked about so-called "cultural" issues that appealed to large sections of the population, particularly white southerners moving away from the Democratic Party as the civil rights movement challenged the old order.
Thus, the conservative establishment was able to pull off something that had eluded it in the past--a fusion between traditional conservatives worried about holding back social change and business conservatives more interested in the bottom line.
It wasn't simply that conservatives learned to appeal to two different groups. They made "big government" the enemy. The business conservatives could oppose "big government" for reasons of taxes and regulations, while traditionalists could cast themselves as opponents of a political system that was seen as siding with Blacks, women, welfare recipients and so on, against them.
OVER MORE than three decades, the forces of official conservatism--from the Christian Coalition to the Republican Party--developed an anti-liberal politics that managed to gain a foothold with at least a pretty consistent one-third of the American population.
Conservative government policies like increased Pentagon spending or government aid to "faith-based" organizations nurture these constituencies. The right-wing noise machine--including talk radio and Fox News, whose emergence flows from the Reagan administration's decision to end the "fairness doctine" in the media--serves up the conservative agenda with a daily dose of right-wing propaganda.
These factors, developed over close to half a century in all, helped create "Red State America." One election was never going to undo them.
Moreover, the successful enactment of the neoliberal program of tax cuts for the rich, cuts in social spending and attacks on trade unions has undermined the foundations of the liberal state--which weren't that strong to begin with in the U.S.
For example, the corporate gutting of pensions and their shift into market-based 401(k) programs means that a politics of resentment can take root among those who have been devastated in the financial crash. People who lost thousands in their 401(k)s can be susceptible to arguments--which the right will furnish without hesitation--about "greedy" public-sector workers who still have pensions. A generation ago--before the dismantling of the pension system--it wouldn't have been as easy to sow these divisions.
The weakening of trade unions has meant the disappearance of even a minimal presence of labor's voice in the political arena. So while business-bankrolled conservatives can vent their "populist rage" 24-7 on Fox News and talk radio, voices of labor, organized or otherwise, are barely heard above the racket.
And this isn't even to mention the fact that labor's chosen political party, the Democrats, considers appeals to "class warfare" the equivalent of drinking poison. For much of Obama's term, leading liberal organizations have played "good soldiers" in trying to carry out the White House's agenda. As a result, there has been no sustained national effort to give voice to millions of people facing economic devastation today.
So when working people devastated by the economic crisis look for explanations for the conditions they face, they are more likely to hear the right's echo chamber blaming immigrants, Muslims or "big government" than a consistent case for solidarity against the banksters and corporate crooks.
We live today in a climate where both economic polarization between rich and poor and political polarization--the growth of far right and the potential growth of a radical left--can manifest themselves. Therefore, political issues can become sharply divided as politicians and activists seek more radical solutions to a status quo that is obviously not working.
Given this situation, the Obama administration has done itself no favors with its excessively cautious strategy of keeping to the political center.
The Democrats had large majorities in both houses of Congress, including, for a period of time, a 60-vote majority in the Senate that could overcome Republican filibusters. They had the potential to reset mainstream politics for a generation.
Yet with the Obama administration in the lead, the Democrats mainly assumed the role as chief administrator and defender of the financial system bailout passed in 2008. As John Judis explained in a recent New Republic article, "What doomed Obama politically was the way he dealt with the financial crisis in the first six months of his presidency. In an atmosphere primed for a populist backlash, he allowed the right wing to define the terms."
As a result, the odds are favorable that the Republicans can win one or both houses of Congress in the November election. Opinion polls are registering levels of anti-incumbent sentiment last seen in 2006 and 1994, two elections when the results led to congressional majorities switching to the other party. Currently, the Republicans hold a 5 to 6 percentage point edge on the Democrats in the "generic ballot" polls for Congress.
BUT THERE'S a difference between the Republicans electing more representatives and a majority of ordinary Americans accepting the right's ideology and program as their own. In fact, when you scratch below the surface, you find that consciousness on a whole range of issues is very mixed.
For example, if you look at the mere "horse-race" support/oppose polls on the health care reform law passed by Democrats earlier this year, you find that more people oppose health care reform than support it. But when you look below the surface of these polls, you find that about one in five people oppose the health care law because it doesn't go far enough in changing the system. These are people who think the Democrats should have fought for a single-payer program.
If you add together the people who support the health care law that passed with those who want genuine health care reform, the supposed conservative anti-reform majority becomes a minority.
Likewise, when you look at the question of immigration, you find a majority of people in favor of the racist SB 1070 law in Arizona. But a majority of people younger than 30 oppose the bill. And even a majority of those who say they support SB 1070 actually favor a "path to citizenship" for immigrants who have been living and working in this country for years, according to a recent America's Voice poll--the opposite of the right-wing position on immigration.
Again, you don't find a monolithic conservative population. Instead, you see a dysfunctional political system that can muster support for bashing immigrants and cutting "entitlements," but can't muster the political will to create a genuine national health care program.
As the November elections approach, the media and much of the left will be filled with commentary about how U.S. politics is returning to the right. We will hear all the old crap about how America remains a "center-right nation," how Americans can't overcome racism to support a Black president, how the Democrats overreached and the like.
But for millions of Americans, the last three years have altered their views of the world. They remain open to a critique of capitalism--and even to "socialism," as a recent Gallup Poll showed. Young workers facing declining economic prospects hold quite progressive views.
What's needed to transform these attitudes into action that can shift the political climate is organization to give voice to those more progressive impulses.
Even though the last year has seemed to be bleak, it's possible to show how mobilization can shift politics in a positive direction.
Consider the example of equal marriage rights for LGBT people. In the wake of the passage of California's anti-marriage referendum Proposition 8 in 2008, a mobilization for marriage equality emerged. This mobilization's high point was the October 2009 National Equality March, a grassroots-led rally of 200,000 in Washington.
A recent CNN poll found for the first time a 52-46 percent majority supporting the right of LGBT people to be married. Without a movement speaking out for equal marriage, it's unlikely that public opinion would shift so decisively.
As recently as 2004, political pundits were declaring that opposition to gay marriage was the magic wand that George W. Bush's advisers could wave to make the electorate forget his disastrous first term in office. Bush's re-election in 2004 prompted countless declarations that U.S. was an inalterably "center-right" nation. Yet only four years later, 69.5 million Americans voted for a man whose opponents accused him of being a secret socialist who "pall[ed] around with terrorists."
Whatever happens in November, working people will face a more concerted attack on their living standards and rights in the next year. We need to build the kind of organizations and struggles to meet that challenge.
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela launched a new free-floating foreign exchange system on Monday that offered dollars for eight times the official price in a move the government says will tame the black market but which critics see as a massive devaluation.
A woman counts bolivar notes as she pays for an electronic item at an store in La Guaira outside Caracas January 12, 2010. REUTERS/Jorge Silva
The central bank said the price for dollars on the inaugural day of the Sicad 2 system was 51.8 bolivars. Private bank operators who took part said demand was high but offers thin.
The new platform added a third state-sanctioned exchange rate to the South American OPEC member's 11-year-old currency controls, with dollars selling at 6.3 bolivars for preferential goods and around 11 bolivars for other items.
On the black market, greenbacks currently fetch around 57-58 bolivars. That price has fallen from 85 bolivars a couple of weeks ago on expectations of greater dollar flows via Sicad 2.
Though overseen by the central bank, the new system works on a supply-and-demand system, with individuals and companies allowed to participate in daily trading.
“Without doubt, it's the biggest monetary adjustment in Venezuela's history,” said Henkel Garcia, of private think tank Econometrica, referring to the unexpectedly high price for dollars fetched on the first day of Sicad 2 trading.
President Nicolas Maduro denies that, saying the new market will account for only about 7-8 percent of dollar sales in Venezuela, with the 6.3 rate still applying for 80 percent of goods considered priority imports.
“To see the impact of this devaluation, we will have to see its weight in imports and the payment of things such as private debt and repatriation of profits,” Garcia added.
Foreign companies have long complained of difficulties in getting profits out of Venezuela in hard currency. Sicad 2 gives them a clear legal alternative, reducing the temptation to turn to the illegal market.
Maduro's predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez, set up currency controls in 2003 as part of a socialist-style overhaul of the economy that he said would channel more wealth to workers rather than to wealthy people with bank accounts abroad.
BONDS RISE
Critics say the controls spawned corruption, curtailed business and gave birth to the black market for dollars.
Wall Street economists and bondholders have welcomed the new system as a much-needed easing of controls, though they want Maduro to go further across the economy.
Most Venezuelan bond prices were up on Monday, with the benchmark sovereign global 2027 gaining 2.22 percent to a bid price of 76.750.
Sicad 2 trading takes place daily until 1 p.m. local time (1730 GMT), with the bank announcing the average price afterward.
The new system revives a previous one, known locally as the “permuta” or “swap” market, which Chavez shuttered in 2010 after accusing speculators of manipulating it.
Opposition politicians have long criticized the government's currency controls. Still, they are lambasting Maduro for what they call a “stealth devaluation” via the new system.
“Today will be ‘black Monday' ... This mega-devaluation is a harsh blow to all Venezuelans,” opposition leader Henrique Capriles said on Twitter.
Venezuela's annual inflation rate, currently at more than 56 percent, is the highest in the Americas.
Analysts expect the price of Sicad 2 dollars to remain around the opening level in the short term, with the high rate likely to encourage initially reluctant private businesses to offer dollars alongside Venezuelan state institutions.
State oil company PDVSA is likely to be a big player.
“I think it's positive they are allowing the market to sell, to clear that price rather than trying to massage it as much as they can in order to avoid the price signal that the economy is demanding,” said Goldman Sachs analyst Alberto Ramos.
“I think it is a reasonable range, between 50 and 60... It is indeed a stealth devaluation as many of the transactions in the economy are going to close at this rate, not the official rate. This is a massive devaluation, there's no doubt about it.”
A student at Woodrow Wilson High School in Upper Northwest Washington was arrested Tuesday after a teacher found a gun in a book bag during class shortly after 1 p.m., according to D.C. police and the school system.
About 40 minutes later, police said, a fight broke out outside the school, and one of two juveniles arrested had a knife. No injuries were reported, and police said they were not sure whether the fight was related to the student with the gun.
The two incidents involving weapons on the campus of one of the city's high-performing public high schools left students and parents shaken and questioning how a firearm could have made it through the school's security measures, which include metal detectors at the entrances.
Lt. Sean Conboy, a D.C. police spokesman, said the gun “was discovered by an alert teacher who took action.” He would not say how the teacher discovered the weapon, whether the gun was loaded or what type of gun it was.
Conboy said that the teacher seized the gun, detained the student and notified authorities. Police did not identify the teacher, and the teacher could not be reached Tuesday.
The school's principal, Kimberly J. Martin, posted an open letter on the school's Web site telling the community that a gun had been found in a student's book bag; the principal did not mention the fight outside the school.
“At this time there is no immediate threat to the school,” the letter said, adding that “all students are safe.”
Authorities said the gun was discovered about 1:15 p.m. inside the school in the 3900 block of Chesapeake Street NW, off Nebraska Avenue NW in Tenleytown. They did not release the names of those arrested, because they face juvenile charges. A police spokesman also declined to give their ages, other than to say they are teenagers.
Michelle Lerner, a D.C. Public Schools spokeswoman, said that the gun apparently got through the school's security measures; it was unclear how the gun made it into the school or why the student had it. Both police and school officials said an investigation into the security breach is underway.
Lerner said in a statement that the “student and the weapon were immediately removed from the classroom.” She said school officials are “reviewing security protocols to ensure that all students and staff are safe.”
Buy 10 oz Poured Silver Pirate Bar from the Atlantis Mint for any quantity $4.99 over spot!
Add the 10 oz Atlantis Mint Pirate Poured Silver Bar to your Bullion collection today. Each of these beautiful bars is manufactured by artisans at the Atlantis Mint, consists of ten ounces of .999 fine silver, and is individually serialized. Atlantis mint will only manufacture 1000 of these silver bars, so add one to your Silver collection, while extremely limited supplies last!
The obverse of this 10 oz silver bar features a skull over two crossing swords. A banner that runs the sides and top of the bar is stamped with “10 TROY OZ”, “ATLANTIS MINT”, and “.999 FINE SILVER”. The reverse of the bar is stamped with an individually serialized number.
Each Poured Silver Bars is unique. When making poured silver pieces, silver is melted to almost 2000 degrees and then poured into handcrafted molds. Because the silver cools exposed to the open air, it will be cool at different rates across the surface of the bar. This differential cooling will produce minor variations in shape and tone between silver bars. Also, since the design is stamped on an uneven surface, each will render slightly differently.
Though the shape, tone, and design of each bar will vary a little, the metal weight and purity is consistent across all bars. Each bar consists of ten troy ounces of .999 fine silver.
The Atlantis Mint is a family owned and operated mint that specializes in the manufacture of poured silver bars.
The 5 oz Atlantis Mint Pirate Silver Bar is a beautiful addition to Provident Metal's offerings of Poured Silver Bars. The 10 oz Atlantis Mint Pirate Bar is only available at Provident Metals, and only 1000 will be made. All 10 oz Atlantis Mint Hand Poured Silver Bars will be sealed in plastic for protection and ship with a Certificate of Authenticity.
Add this poured silver bar to your collection today! Take advantage of Free Shipping and the industry's Lowest Bullion prices by calling our customer service representatives at 800-313-3315, or by using our secure online checkout.
More than 300 of the NHL's regular season contests will be televised by the League's national broadcast partners during the 2011-12 season.The League unveiled the national television schedule for the upcoming season Thursday, highlighted by the 2011 Compuware NHL Premiere games and a Friday matinee on NBC the day after Thanksgiving.The defending champion Boston Bruins open the NHL season by welcoming Philadelphia to TD Garden on Oct. 6 on Versus, while CBC will broadcast Montreal at Toronto. Both networks have a doubleheader that night, with Pittsburgh at Vancouver acting as the nightcap for both.The Compuware NHL Premiere games start the next day, with the New York Rangers playing the Los Angeles Kings on TSN and Versus at Ericsson Globe Arena in Stockholm, while the Buffalo Sabres and Anaheim Ducks play at Hartwell Arena in Helsinki. On Oct. 8, Anaheim and New York square off in Stockholm on TSN and Versus, while Buffalo and Los Angeles will play at World Arena in Berlin on TSN2.Boston will play host to the Detroit Red Wings on Friday, Nov. 25 in the first NBC broadcast of the season. It will be the first of 11 dates on the NBC schedule. There is a new wrinkle in the NBC flex scheduling -- the games that aren't shown on NBC will be televised on Versus.Hockey Day in Canada is set for Feb. 11, 2012, with Prince Edward Island as the host. CBC will broadcast four games that day -- the Winnipeg Jets ' first appearance on Hockey Day will be at Pittsburgh against the Penguins in an afternoon contest, while the other three matchups are Edmonton at Ottawa, Montreal at Toronto and Vancouver at Calgary.That day is part of CBC's 104-game broadcast schedule. The Canadiens lead the way with 28 appearances and the Maple Leafs are second with 24, but Winnipeg fans will be happy to see their Jets on CBC a total of 21 times this season.Boston and Philadelphia are tied for the most scheduled appearances on NBC or Versus, which will be rebranded as NBC Sports Network on Jan. 2, this season with 13, while Pittsburgh, Detroit and the Chicago Blackhawks will appear 12 times.Toronto leads the way with 17 scheduled appearances on TSN. Montreal is next with 15, while Calgary, Edmonton, Ottawa and Vancouver will all be on 10 times.
Jack Swarbrick called it "not an easy decision" to finally decide after 84 years of football at Notre Dame Stadium to switch to artificial turf this year. The athletics director said in April it was a matter of "disproving the hypothesis" that UND could stick with natural grass in a stadium that has never done much other than hold commencement, a few intramural games, fantasy camp and seven football games a year in the place.
But it's really never been about being able to stick with what's been; that could happen quite easily. In the world of major college athletics these days, it's always about creating new revenue streams, keeping your brand updated and recruiting, recruiting, recruiting.
So, Notre Dame has decided to sink $400 million – pretty much the cost of a new stadium – into additions and refurbishments to the old place.
They plan to get it back by making the stadium itself into the hub of student life at the university, building three monstrous additions on every side but the north so you'll still be able to see Touchdown Jesus. They include 760,000 square feet of classrooms, exercise facilities, dining hall, 500-seat ballroom and student hangout areas. It will concentrate most every student need and keep revenue funneling back into the university rather than into off-campus businesses.
And speaking of revenue, ND fans were recently offered the opportunity to own 2-by-5-foot sections of the stadium's final natural grass – if not the actual blades tread upon by Paul Hornung and Coley O'Brien, then at least maybe Everett Golson – for the low, low price of $149.95. This was "in response to fans who expressed feelings about the sentimental value of the natural turf."
If the stadium additions were about keeping students' expendable income within the school, the new FieldTurf surface will be about attracting players who can win games for Brian Kelly. The Notre Dame coach wants to recruit speed. The code here translates to African-American athletes. And, by and large, fast athletes want to play where they're fastest. There is no question you can make cuts and change direction more efficiently on plastic and rubber.
Forget that artificial turf, even the much-improved stuff of today, still sees more football injuries suffered on it than grass. If it can help recruit speed, that's the objective.
The field has been stripped to dirt and prep work is going on now to lay the FieldTurf down in time for August camp. The Irish will be able to practice on Friday in the stadium this season should they wish, another plus.
The recent switch to trendy Under Armour gear is another nod in the same direction. Having already broken the traditional mold during their adidas tenure with some garish Shamrock Series uniforms, there's no telling what UND and its new partner Under Armour chief Kevin Plank will dream up this year. Plank is the
Maryland grad whose company's Terrapin uniforms have pushed limits of traditional football design while not gaining as many graphic design admirers as Nike's ever-changing Oregon shells.
Will nouveau unis eventually replace the traditional navy-and-gold Irish skins for all games at some point during the Under Armour tenure? It would not be a total surprise.
Which points up a question for Penn State and James Franklin: With even Notre Dame lapsing into fashion madness, do you stick by the status quo if you're PSU and hang with the staid, bland duds? Do you eschew superficial trendiness specifically because everyone else is doing it? Or is this finally when even the last traditionalists cave?
Do flashy uniforms recruit? Take a look at the speed Oregon has attracted since Phil Knight started the Nike uniform revolution there a decade ago and then you tell me.
Add the artificial turf and the Under Armour contract and the point is this: If Notre Dame still holds the faint patina of a rich white boys' school and a slow white guys' football program, Swarbrick and Kelly shrewdly want to erase that altogether.
For the record, I'm not certain what side I fall on here. I'm more a classicist by nature. I think you should know who you are, adhere to a trademark look and be proud of it. The last thing you want to do is come off like a 1969 version of Peter Lawford trying to get away with a neckerchief and "Dry Look" hair.
On the other hand, Penn State's uniforms have never struck me as particularly attractive even in a spare, stripped-down way. It seems to me there could be a happy medium reached -- a sleek, subdued, basic uniform that doesn't look like a quart of unbrand milk.
Regardless, it's an important question that I think the new PSU athletics director and Franklin will eventually have to address. Tradition is nice. But in college football these days, it can get you trampled.
Here's the video description of last year's Shamrock Series uniform used against Arizona State in Dallas:
DAVID JONES: djones@pennlive.com.
Follow @djoneshoop
Ever since the fictional hoverboards in 1989's Back to the Future Part II children (and adults) have dreamed of scooting along six inches from the ground, safe from the rough terrain and water which would stop a normal skateboard in its tracks.
In the 90s the film's director Robert Zemeckis cruelly spread rumours that a commercial version was under development, raising hopes around the world before scientists dashed them with a dose of reality - the problem was just too hard.
But now a Californian startup claims to have cracked it and developed a working prototype, although there are several catches: the battery only lasts seven minutes, it will only float over smooth metal and it costs $10,000. There is also a limited supply of just ten hoverboards available.
Hendo Hover has turned to Kickstarter to crowdfund the $250,000 it needs to create the first run of products. It claims to need the money to put the “finishing touches” to its device.
Currently its HENDO hoverboard levitates one inch from the ground but will only work above conductive surfaces. In a demonstration video the company shows it floating above a flat copper surface and a half-pipe skateboard ramp coated in a thin sheet of the same metal.
The money raised will also go towards “creating places to ride them”, as existing skateparks with their tarmac surface are unsuitable. Engineers claim that one day they could be improved to work on any surface, but this is still some way off.
Those pledging $5 will get a mention on the company's social media accounts, while those giving $100 will get a five minute ride on a hoverboard. Only those giving $10,000 will get a hoverboard, and there are only 10 available in this campaign.
The company claims that those donating to get a hoverboard will be presented with the devices today, but only $3,856 of the target of $250,000 has so far been raised, meaning that nobody with deep pockets has yet taken the plunge.
“Our engineering team has been amazing, rapidly iterating on design after design. In fact, this is our 18th prototype, and we continue to make advances week after week,” says the company's Kickstarter campaign.
“The magic behind the hoverboard lies in its four disc-shaped hover engines. These create a special magnetic field which literally pushes against itself, generating the lift which levitates our board off the ground.”
A video reportedly showing the device in action gives the impression that it's rather hard to control: without wheels or friction it seems nearly impossible to point it in a specific direction. It is intended to be propelled with the push of a foot, like a skateboard, but its creators say that the technology used to make it levitate could be adapted to provide forward momentum.
Despite the obvious connection to the Back to the Future franchise featuring Michael J. Fox as Marty McFly, it seems that the company is making no direct connection: “Yep, there was a movie. However, our attorneys have told us not to go there.”
The company has also created a “whitebox” device which will float in the same way as the hoverboard, and be used to demonstrate the technology to engineers: “It is designed to be explored, taken apart, and analysed, encouraging you to dare to wonder.”
The startup hopes that it can licence the technology to be used in factories, warehouses and anywhere else that levitating heavy objects could prove useful.
Voters in Thornhill and Niagara Falls are heading to the polls for Feb. 13 byelections. Premier Kathleen Wynne made it official Wednesday by calling the votes to fill vacancies in the two seats left by the retirement of Progressive Conservative Peter Shurman and Liberal Kim Craitor.
Shortly after announcing a Niagara Falls byelection, Premier Kathleen Wynne was at a Toronto LCBO on Wednesday to promote Ontario vineyards. The province's wine industry is largely base in the Niagara region. ( Colin McConnell / Toronto Star )
Wynne met Wednesday with reporters at the Queens Quay LCBO store where she touted Ontario's wine industry, which is largely based in Niagara. On Monday, the Liberals pledged $26.2 million for the Niagara Health System to help build a new hospital and two urgent-care centres. That followed on last month's $75-million, five-year wine strategy, which should help Niagara's many wineries and grape growers.
Article Continued Below
At the LCBO event the Premier was asked by a reporter if these efforts were enough to secure that Liberal seat in the byelection. She said both efforts have been in the works for “many many months.'' Wynne said: “we are the government that has said we would build a hospital, work with that community to build a hospital.” The Premier criticized the NDP and Conservatives for not being consistent on the hospital issue in Niagara. Vying to succeed Craitor in Niagara Falls are Liberal Joyce Morocco, a city councillor and Tory Bart Maves, a regional councillor who was MPP from 1995 until 2003.
The NDP candidate is expected to be city councillor Wayne Gates. In Thornhill, represented by Shurman from 2007 to 2013, the Liberal candidate is Vaughan councillor Sandra Yeung Racco, whose husband, Mario Racco, was the former Grit MPP.
Article Continued Below
The Tories are holding their nomination meeting Thursday and Gila Martow, a former local riding association, is expected to get the nod there. The NDP has yet to select a candidate for Thornhill. NDP leader Andrea Horwath said nominations meetings for her party will be held on the weekend in both ridings. “We're going to field a candidate in Niagara Falls who is clearly going to be a community leader,'' she said. Tory leader Tim Hudak touted his plan to create one million jobs over eight years, adding the byelections will “provide hardworking middle class families with the opportunity to demand better from their government.'' Hudak added: “The McGuinty-Wynne Liberals put their own short-term political interest ahead of yours, leaving you with unaffordable hydro bills to pay for their gas plant scandal. They've added 300,000 bureaucratic government workers at the same time Ontario has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs.” Meanwhile, the Green Party will announce a Thornhill flag-bearer by Friday and a Niagara Falls nomination meeting is being held Sunday. Next month's contests will likely serve as a precursor to a provincial election widely expected for May if Finance Minister Charles Sousa's spring budget is defeated. Including Speaker Dave Levac, the Liberals have 49 MPPs in the 107-member legislature to 36 for the Tories and 20 for the New Democrats.
Indigenous students finish Year 12 in record numbers
Updated
A group of teenagers from the New South Wales central-west town of Dubbo has made history as the largest group of Aboriginal students ever to sit their Year 12 exams.
Key points: Sixty Indigenous students at Dubbo Senior Secondary College are sitting the HSC this year
In Dubbo, the number of Indigenous students completing Year 12 has doubled in a decade
Principal credits the school's achievements to culture of high expectations
The 60 teenagers attend Dubbo Senior Secondary College and many of them have had to overcome major social disadvantages.
The school is putting the success down to the commitment and hard work of the kids, as well as their innovative mentoring programs on campus.
Seventeen-year-old Rosa-May Williams-Karam is the school's vice-captain and has already gained a place at university to study law as part of a fast-track program.
"Getting my HSC is a really big achievement for me because not many people in my family have actually finished year 12," she said.
"There's no way I ever would have seen myself going to university — let alone law — but now I've really got my heart set on being a law student.
"Getting the place in uni was probably the proudest moment I've ever had.
"My mum is a single parent and she's just worked her whole life for me, really. So I'm really really thankful and grateful. I wouldn't be where I am without my mum."
Rosa's classmate Marty Jeffrey is a talented cricketer and has been offered a prestigious place to play with the University of NSW's cricket team next year.
He plans to also study exercise physiology at uni.
"I aim just to be a role model," Marty said.
"I'd like to be seen as a mature person who's just chasing a dream. I've always been inspired to be the best person I can be in life, and in cricket."
In Dubbo, the number of Aboriginal students sitting the Higher School Certificate (HSC) has doubled during the past 10 years.
Local Indigenous leaders say the success of their young people — many of whom are the first in their families to finish high school — is transforming the town's future.
Allan Hall from Dubbo's Aboriginal Education Consultative Group said there has been a fundamental shift in parents' expectations of their children.
"A lot of our kids are going to uni instead of going to jail," Mr Hall said.
"Finishing Year 12 is now just an expectation. And not only from the school point of view, it's from the family as well. It's an expectation that they do that, and that was never the case before."
Dubbo Senior Secondary College principal Andrew Jones credits the school's achievements to a culture of high expectations.
"When we first started this journey, we were looking at attendance, making sure that kids were coming to school and getting to school," Mr Jones said.
"Then we realised that attendance is an indicator, it's not an outcome.
"We've moved from from deficit-thinking, where just getting kids to school was enough, to really working our way through a whole plan progression. So we're now looking at our kids not just doing tasks, but doing the best tasks, not just sitting in an exam, but doing the best in an exam."
Closing the gap between Indigenous and non-Indigenous students: In 2008, the proportion of Indigenous 20-24 year-olds who had achieved Year 12 was 45.4 per cent
In 2014-15, the number of Indigenous young people who finished Year 12 was 61.5
Over the same period, the rates for non-Indigenous attainment did not change significantly
The greatest increases in Indigenous Year 12 attainment occurred in outer regional areas and very remote areas
The school's last three school captains have been Indigenous students and several have been awarded dux of the school in recent years.
In 2015, the Clontarf Foundation, which mentors Indigenous boys at risk of school disengagement, joined the school.
Its staff run homework groups at lunchtime, sports programs and career advice.
The Aboriginal Girls Academy also operates on campus to support the students.
Seventeen-year-old Ngali Shaw is in Year 11 and plans on staying at school next year to finish his HSC before auditioning for the Bangarra Dance troupe.
"There have been times I felt like I wasn't going to get through school to be honest. The classes were really hard. And they still are a bit, but I'm catching up," he said.
"I'm going to feel really nervous [during HSC exams], it's going be heaps hard. But I think I can get through it.
"When I finish I'll feel proud to be Aboriginal, proud to be Australian."
Topics: education, indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander, regional, youth, dubbo-2830
First posted
Whither Julius Knipl? The book-reading public last saw Ben Katchor's lumbering everyman, one of the last great characters of newsprint comics, in the 2000's The Beauty Supply District. In that volume's concluding story, Knipl—flâneur, authorial stand-in, Real Estate Photographer—numbers among the select audience members present at a concert that could double as a wake for the twentieth century. The soloist performs the piece remotely, in his pyjamas, like any modern-day internet savant. Likewise, the composer has shopped out the work, to be authored by proxy, while the business that actually composed the music has gone under, victim of an economic collapse that levels these old-fashioned concerns and spawns instead a clutch of electronics wholesalers. At a reception following the concert, oblivious to the millennial restiveness around him, Knipl simply empties a jar of olives onto a plate, and wanders off into the background, unnoticed, upstaged by his own pickled fruit.
Katchor's characters have often felt like men and women out of time, but few so much as Knipl, that reticent, bemused wanderer. He would be even more out of place in Katchor's latest collection, Hand-Drying in America and Other Stories, which begins Knipl-y enough, with its fantasias about want ads and letter mail and the carbon copy, but which soon satirizes the glad-handing grins of the ultra-modern quick-adapter more often than it eulogizes those proudly stubborn hold-outs in the modern world. This gradual change in Katchor's focus—from nostalgia to now, from fabricating the past to projecting the future—was probably inevitable, and takes place in fascinating fits and starts throughout this new book in a way we could never have asked of Knipl. Picture our man in the new century, schlepping a DSLR of impressive megapixelage, altering Realtor.com listings on his paper-thin tablet, checking Yelp reviews of organic malted drinks at locavore diners. No, for Knipl, that olive-spilling adieu was as timely and fitting a farewell as Fritz's ice-pick in the back, Zuckerman's dumping his mentor's manuscript in the trash, Ethan Edwards's striding off into the wilderness in The Searchers. The America to come would no longer be the one that Knipl knew.
But where has that left Katchor? Happily, just as Knipl was shrugging into his jacket, dabbing at his moustache, and making for the door, his creator was already settling into a new venue for his ruminations on city life, his mock-monographs on cheap novelties and urban decay. Starting in 1998, and continuing apace today, Katchor has presided over a full-color single page in each issue of Metropolis magazine. The bulk of these efforts—fourteen years worth of wry, restless, deeply curious cartooning—are now collected in Hand-Drying in America, and comprise a kind of Knipl sans Knipl. While the Julius Knipl feature would often give its leading man the week off and focus on some other fellow citizen, the present volume constitutes a compendium of such asides. Motley and ungovernable, the Metropolis strips bear no uniform title, and no recurring character haunts their streets. (Even Katchor's wonderfully Uqbar-ish travelogue, The Cardboard Valise [2011], had identifiable personages around whom the author's whims could fillip and digress.) Unlike the New Yorker or such like-minded lit mags, those traditional havens of character and storyline, the purview of Metropolis is instead architecture and design.
And at first glance, Katchor's strips fall neatly within those bounds: a series of essays on objects and their uses (“The Built-in Tissue Dispenser,” “The Miniature Trash Can”), or a learned disquisition on certain interesting edifices, like the hotel that offers an ocean view from every room. But while this work finds inspiration in such things and places—mere gadgets, glass, and concrete, one might think; lifeless, abstract—the end result is far from impersonal. Instead, the book is positively teeming with humanity, with people's creative responses to environments that are too often anonymous, presumptuous, constraining. In having done away with Knipl, his everyman, Katchor frees himself to take on everybody.
Few books are as communal, as catch-all: every page a new hero, a new tale, a new voice. Or, rather, the same voice, a collective voice: Katchor yanks at his sentences with his characteristic taffy-pull between narration and dialogue, so that each merges into and props up the other, so that each person talks like the rest, and everyone contributes to the same conversation. A strip that begins with a narrator pondering the “velvet rope and stanchion” as “that most pernicious symbol of corporate greed,” accompanied by a management figure extolling the system's virtues, soon opens its ranks to welcome in people off the street—“middle-aged men with hernias, unwed teenage mothers and tattooed first offenders”—who stage small, symbolic acts of rebellion, ducking under the ropes, violating the inflexible rules of the queue. “The physical expression of our free will,” they say, as Katchor draws them teetering, acrobatically off-kilter but assured in their acts of defiance. The effect is bathetic, of course—a bold “act of transgression” turned quixotic, the body awkwardly contorted to ridiculous effect and little gain—and yet Katchor, and the people who populate his America, will find their triumphs where they can.
Elsewhere, Katchor's people—always the same lumpen figures, at odd angles with their surroundings, leaning into the pull of their obsessions—forge brief utopian alliances simply by reading over the shoulders of strangers (“Now we have something in common”). Or they take to “long-term window watching” with the aid of a customized pillow, weaning themselves off of electronic media, finding their new celebrities in the streets, piecing together the fragments of stories that unfold there below, discovering unwonted nuance and change and poetry all around them. They pay minute, painstaking attention to the “senseless flow of traffic” on the highway outside their city, tracking individual drivers with the fanaticism of the baseball statistician or the soap opera follower. The freeway, once dreary and commonplace, transforms into engrossing and meaningful spectacle.
Everywhere Katchor and his characters are willing to find these kinds of virtue in deadening necessity, to find meaning in the mass-produced and ascribe lofty purpose to the baldly pointless. “Let us celebrate the unique sound of each city's garbage collection while we still can,” implores the narrator in one strip, while in another a man teaches his son the niceties of hasty “slop work,” the finer points of shoddy renovations, inculcating in the boy a sense of awe at human impermanence and cheapness. Garbage collection, slop work, hand-drying in America: meaning proliferates in Katchor's world, where all of our activities become imbued with rich, suggestive significance, where each seemingly colorless social convention is in fact one more node in a vast people's history. An emblem for his work, then: a panel from a strip entitled “Memorial City,” where “the sidewalks are encrusted with commemorative plaques,” and a pedestrian halts, immobile, eyes cast downward, frozen in contemplation of the dozens, hundreds of negligible stories intrinsic to every inch of urban space spread before him.
One suspects the world, for Katchor, is similarly encrusted. Every object, every occasion, gives rise to some insight, whether it's buying shoes, holding an elevator door, or reaching for a paper towel that isn't there. Two of the strongest pieces in the book revolve around the legacy and import of the sardine key, used to open tins of fish in an era before pull-tabs, and the history of the over-sized magazine (self-reflexive, that: the first strips in the book hail from the period when Metropolis was still published in decadent proportions, before shrinking down shortly after Katchor's arrival). The cartoonist acknowledges the diminished quality of our experiences with either commodity today, but chooses to ignore this contemporary triviality in favor of a deep engagement with them as historical objects. He revivifies these artifacts of a now-ancient culture, allowing them to speak out of the past about their accomplishments and genealogies, remarking on the way that magazines inhabited the homes of their readers (Life spilling out of suburban magazine racks, Interview splayed on coffee tables in converted lofts), or the way the sardine can metaphorize the constraints of modern urban life, while its key embodied the promise of escape and relief.
These are the trappings of Knipl's America, however, the bygone glories of yesteryear. They provoke a valorizing of the vanished past that may be tongue-in-cheek—a kind of ironic sepia-tone—but that tone remains wistful and elegiac all the same. More pointed, and less heroic, are Katchor's encounters with the widgets and presumptions and falsifications of today. The artist's more recent strips, especially after he abandons ink and wash and begins to draw with digital tools, are tales that no longer cast back into the past, but rather prognosticate and forewarn—tea-leaf readings that are more bitter dregs than sweetened fortunes. Set in our proximate future, if not some tweaked semblance of today (one strip tells of a condo housing a sweatshop in the year 2014), the final movements of Hand-Drying in America carry out with the same tone of resigned revulsion on display in a film like Idiocracy (2006), or the aloof indignation of Swift's infamous proposal.
In these pages, Katchor gets to indulge in science-fiction snippets of how we might live now and in the years to come, where labor seems invisible, capital seems indomitable, and life takes place on-screen. Our prophet foretells of office-buildings modeled after extreme sports or poultry farms, where workers rock-climb to their appointments, or get crammed into ill-lit holes of misery, heavily dosed with drugs so they can hallucinate a happier, more spacious workplace. There are CEOs legislated into visiting each outlet of their business for fifteen minutes each day (Katchor draws with gleeful schadenfreude the bedraggled, urine-soaked billionaire that results from this state of affairs). There are middle-class families who choose to decorate their homes “in the style of ‘emergency preparedness'”, all sirens and eye-wash stations and chemical toilets, or who garb themselves in rubber boots and overalls, distrustful of the impermanence of consumer goods.
Strikingly, in the final strip of the book (aside from the meta-commentary Katchor loads into the endpapers and covers), the cartoonist draws together all the strands he has lately been following—the digital, the global, the historical. The page uses the graphics-overload of the cable news broadcast as a starting point from which to discuss the history of television journalism, the media's blinkered politics, the public's short-term memory—even the semiotics of the mid-century necktie. All this information is arrayed in a way that echoes the “frenetic display” of the CNN-style screens it purports to be about: at least five distinct locations and timeframes circle the page, from Moscow to Riyadh, from the '50s to now, with each fragment poised on top of and beside the other. No one setting takes precedence over another, and there is no unique way to properly navigate the page. A challenge is posed: how will we make sense of what's before us? How will we find our way through the avalanche of information that's no longer just on the streets around us, encrusted on the sidewalks like those commemorative plaques in Memorial City, but beamed now too into our living rooms, our laptops, our palms? What meaning can be distilled from all this vacuous, aimless babble?
In this new landscape, Katchor no longer provides readers with a guide—none of his gesticulating street lecturers appear, no hucksters, no familiars, no Knipl. Instead, positioned centrally we find one viewer, bathed in the blue light of the screen, neck craned toward the newscast, listening to an anchor tell us first of a senator's indictment, then his imprisonment, and his inevitable presidential campaign. “The constant visual activity,” the captions read, “seems to displace the need for a coherent chain of thought.” The viewer's face registers no reaction, no change. Hand-Drying in America lays out the world before us, in all its varieties and colors and confusions and fragments, just like that television screen: sure, yes, pay attention, be enraptured, be that viewer. But don't forget to think about what we see, to reflect on it, and spin off into wild supposition, historical speculation. Even if—especially if—we cannot make it cohere.
Former vice presidential candidate and Facebook fan Sarah Palin has taken to the social networking site again, this time in response to Sunday's “Family Guy” episode that appeared to mock her developmentally disabled son Trig.
Palin went on Facebook just before 1 a.m. this morning calling out “Fox Hollywood” as a “disappointment” (Palin was recently hired as a paid contributor for Fox News).
The animated show, which aired Sunday night, included a scene where Chris Griffin goes on a date with a domineering girl with Down Syndrome, who says her dad is an accountant and “my mom is the former governor of Alaska.”
The post starts with a message from Sarah Palin, and includes a message from her daughter, Bristol (in italics):
People are asking me to comment on yesterday's Fox show that felt like another kick in the gut. Bristol was one who asked what I thought of the show that mocked her baby brother, Trig (and/or others with special needs), in an episode yesterday. Instead of answering, I asked her what she thought. Here is her conscientious reply, which is a much more restrained and gracious statement than I want to make about an issue that begs the question, “when is enough, enough?”:
“When you're the son or daughter of a public figure, you have to develop thick skin. My siblings and I all have that, but insults directed at our youngest brother hurt too much for us to remain silent. People with special needs face challenges that many of us will never confront, and yet they are some of the kindest and most loving people you'll ever meet. Their lives are difficult enough as it is, so why would anyone want to make their lives more difficult by mocking them? As a culture, shouldn't we be more compassionate to innocent people – especially those who are less fortunate? Shouldn't we be willing to say that some things just are not funny? Are there any limits to what some people will do or say in regards to my little brother or others in the special needs community? If the writers of a particularly pathetic cartoon show thought they were being clever in mocking my brother and my family yesterday, they failed. All they proved is that they're heartless jerks. – Bristol Palin”
– Sarah Palin
The cartoon aired just days after Palin slammed White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel and radio talk host Rush Limbaugh for using the word “retard.”
Around 80 million years ago, when Triceratops still browsed the plains of what wasn't yet North America, some flowering plant species developed a new strategy to spread their seeds, encasing them in a soft, fleshy cover – fruit – that became sweet and tasty as everything ripened. The fruit was then eaten by animals, which would subsequently deposit the seeds far away from the mother plant, and with the addition of some useful fertiliser as well.
It did not take long, however, for enterprising funguses to start exploiting the sugar in the ripe fruits for their own growth and development, using oxygen to break the sugar down into carbon dioxide and water, releasing energy at the same time. If there was no oxygen about they would turn the sugar, via acetaldehyde, into alcohol, and make energy that way, although they very much preferred not to: alcohol was poisonous.
These funguses mostly reproduced by budding – dividing into two, and giving each daughter cell a complete copy of her mother's genes. However, on one occasion, at least, a daughter received two copies of her mother's genome instead of one. The daughter's descendants evolved this spare set of genes so that, unlike their ancestors, they could make alcohol all the time, not just in the absence of oxygen. The spare copy of the gene that created the enzyme that turned acetaldehyde into alcohol also evolved so that it could do this trick in reverse – turn alcohol into acetaldehyde.
What these changes enabled the clever little fungus – the ancestor of brewing yeast – to do when it landed on sugary fruit was to quickly flood its environment with alcohol, which was toxic to most of its microbial rivals (our double-genome yeast had, of course, also evolved greater tolerance to alcohol, to cope with the extra alcohol it now created). Once it had swamped the area with alcohol, and thus seen off rival funguses, it could then win even more energy by turning the alcohol into acetaldehyde.
The alcohol content of over-ripe fruit attacked by yeast has been tested at as high as 4.5 per cent, and there is a theory that humans like alcohol in part because our early primate ancestors learned to associate its smell with the presence of ripe, sugary fruit – a sort of ancient alcopop. Appreciating alcohol, therefore, looks to be something deep in humanity's genes, going back to when we lived in trees and were still covered in fur.
Fermenting sugar is a rare trick: of the thousands of millions of different yeasts, only 250 can do this, and just 24 are “good” yeasts, in the sense that what they produce is palatable to humans (although even then we have to arrest the yeasts' development at the point of maximum alcohol development, by cutting off their oxygen, before they start making acetaldehyde, which will give you a very nasty hangover.)
Yeasts also need help in tackling grain: a growing barley or wheat seed is converting its starches to sugars, and then using the sugar to make energy, and produce roots and stalks, faster than the yeast can rob the seed of its sugar. But if humans stop the seed growing by heating it until it dies, and then crush and soak the dried grain, then the yeast can get at the sugar.
You can use the wild yeasts in the air to do this, if you like, and this is the preferred method of the lambic beer brewers of Belgium, for example. But the lambic brewers rely on a natural environment filled with “good” yeasts. For many early brewers, leaving sweet wort uncovered for a few days was most likely to result in a nasty vinegary liquid, as “bad” yeasts predominated. At some point, however, brewers realised that the dregs from a “good” brew contained something that would kickstart sweet wort into producing another good brew – a point underlined etymologically by the Anglo-Saxon for yeast, doerst, coming from dros, dregs. Old Norwegian words for yeast include kveik, which comes from a word meaning “kindling”, with the idea that the yeast “restarts the fire” in the wort.
Although brewers knew that yeast was essential for fermentation, they had no idea what it did, and no clue as to the actual nature of yeast. Michael Combrune, the London brewer who was among the first to use a thermometer, wrote in 1762, for example, that yeast was “vesicles formed out of the must [or wort], and filled with elastic air”. By the early 1830s science had advanced enough to discover that yeast made alcohol from sugar, with “carbonic acid gas” – carbon dioxide – as a side-product, but how yeast did this (and even the fact that it was a living organism) was completely unknown.
It took a German, Theodore Schwann, in 1837 to show through experimentation that yeast was alive. Schwann correctly described yeast as a fungus, and called it in German Zuckerpilz, sugar fungus, which another German, Julius Meyen, translated into Latin in 1838 to give the organism its biological name, Saccharomyces. Schwann's findings were not immediately accepted, however. Some of the leading chemists of the time, including his fellow-German Justus Liebig, dismissed Schwann's ideas and insisted that yeast was just a residue of the decomposition of sugar. It took the great French scientist Louis Pasteur, working from the 1850s to the 1870s, to finally prove what yeast was, and have a stab at showing how it worked.
Meanwhile the Bavarian brewer Gabriel Sedlmayr had been working at his family's Spaten brewery in Munich, perfecting a style of brewing using a yeast that thrived at cold temperatures and then sank to the bottom of the fermenting vessel when it had finished, and which, after long storage, produced a stable, long-lasting, sparkling beer. Because the yeast Sedlmayr used to make his “store beer”, “lager bier” in German, dropped to the bottom, it became known as “bottom-fermenting yeast”, while “warm fermentation” yeasts were called in contrast “top-fermenting yeasts”.
This is, as it happens, a misnomer, because while all cold fermentation yeasts fall to the bottom of the vessel when their work is done, some warm fermentation yeasts rise to the top and some, as cold-loving yeasts do, fall to the bottom. Whatever, because Sedlmayr's methods produced a more stable beer than other brewers could make, his yeast and his cold fermentation brewing methods became widely used, in Europe and around the globe. One brewer who took Sedlmayr's yeast home with him was JC Jacobsen of the Carlsberg brewery in Copenhagen. There, from 1880, Emil Christian Hansen worked in the brewery laboratory, discovering that normal “pitching” yeasts used in brewing were a mixture of several different strains. Hansen set to isolating single cells of yeast to get a pure strain, multiplying them and testing them for their beer-making properties.
Eventually, in 1908, Hansen isolated one strain that he felt performed best of all, and which he named after his employer, Saccharomyces carlsbergiensis. What Hansen could not know, but which genetic studies have now shown, is that S carlsbergiensis is a hybrid, of standard brewing yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae (which gets the last part of its name from the Latin for beer), and a related variety, S bayanus, which is more commonly found on grapes.
However, using pure strains seemed to solve the problems brewers had always had that were caused by wild yeasts infecting the brew, and Hansen's methods were copied around the world – except in Britain, where brewers found brewing with single strains did not give them the complexity of flavours they were looking for. It took someone else working in the Carlsberg Laboratories in Denmark, Niels Hjelte Claussen, in 1903, who found one major reason why, when he isolated from a sample of English stock, or aged beer an entirely different type of yeast, which he named “British fungus”, Brettanomyces in Latin. Brettanomyces typically arrives on the scene after Saccharomyces has given up, and, in beers that are stored for a long time, it attacks and turns into alcohol the sugars normal brewing yeast won't touch. (It also gives a ripe, not-quite-mouldy flavour to aged beers that is appreciated by many, though winemakers hate “Brett” flavours)
As geneticists began to get to grips with yeasts used in brewing in the 20th century, Saccharomyces‘ habit of swapping genes among species the way children in school playgrounds swap Top Trumps cards caused much confusion. S carlsbergiensis was relegated by yeast biologists to a sub-variety of a group of cold-loving yeasts called Saccharomyces pastorianus, after Louis Pasteur. Another type of yeast, S uvarum, that forms hybrids with S cerevisiae, was defined, then lumped in with S bayanus, and in the past couple of years has been pulled out and made a separate species again.
If you're getting your information about yeasts from a book more than five or ten years old, it's probably wrong, yeast genetics has advanced that much. In particular it's wrong to say, as some writers still do, that lager is brewed with Saccharomyces carlsbergiensis, or S uvarum. Modern lager yeasts seem to be hybrids of three different yeasts, in different proportions, S cerevisiae, S uvarum and S bayanus.
Yeast has a marvellous habit of evolving to suit its environment, helped by the Saccharomyces‘ gene-swapping. For this reason, different strains rapidly develop in different breweries, and under different fermenting styles, which is why, for example, a yeast strain used in the Burton Union method of fermentation would not work well if suddenly used in Yorkshire stone squares, where a different strain of yeast has evolved.
Some brewers say their yeast even evolves to suit a particular barley strain, and problems arise if a new type of barley is suddenly used. This kind of adaptability can be observed at home if you make “sourdough” bread: the first batch, made by letting wild ambient yeasts settle on and raise the dough, will not be as good as subsequent batches, which are made with a “starter” of uncooked raised dough from the previous batch, because the yeasts will be doing a better job as the ones that thrive best, and produce the most carbon dioxide to raise the dough, come to dominate.
Update
For an update on part of this story, see this post
Boeing expects to start delivering the Dreamliner late in 2008
The figure is 11% up on 2006, but may not be enough to beat its big European rival Airbus, which was three planes ahead of Boeing at the end of November.
Airbus is expected to announce its own deliveries and annual orders figures later this month.
When a plane is delivered is important because that is when the manufacturers receive most of their payments.
Three hundred and thirty of the aircraft delivered were next-generation 737 models, which are particularly favoured by low-cost carriers.
Boeing predicted that it will deliver between 480 and 490 aircraft in 2008.
It hopes that its 2008 figure will be boosted by the new 787 Dreamliner, which it expects to start delivering in November or December.
Professor Brian Cox explores the laws of the universe. In this episode, he seeks to answer the biggest questions of all - what are we and where do we come from?
In the second stop in his exploration of the wonders of the universe, Professor Brian Cox goes in search of humanity's very essence to answer the biggest questions of all: what are we? And where do we come from? This film is the story of matter - the stuff of which we are all made.
Brian reveals how our origins are entwined with the life cycle of the stars. But he begins his journey here on Earth. In Nepal, he observes a Hindu cremation. Hindu philosophy is based on an eternal cycle of creation and destruction, where the physical elements of the body are recycled on to the next stage. Brian draws a parallel with the life cycle of the stars that led to our own creation.
Next, he explains how the Earth's resources have been recycled through the ages. How every atom that makes up everything we see was at some time a part of something else. Our world is made up of just 92 elements, and these same 92 elements are found throughout the entire universe. We are part of the universe because we are made of the same stuff as the universe.
Part of architect Joseph Pell Lombardi's renovation of two Soho buildings is to remove the external fire escapes and introduce other fire-abating measures into the building, such as sprinklers. Why? "It's twofold: It's aesthetics, in that it looks nicer both outside and in, but it's also safer." Residents of the cast-iron Greene Street buildings were less than thrilled, but Lombardi's designs passed muster with the Landmarks Preservation Commission. Now an official Fire Department spokesperson has come out and told the Post that "those fire escapes are going the way of the dinosaur." (Internal fire-exit stairs are seen as a better safety move.)
While rumors of their death may be greatly exaggerated, looking back at photos of such an iconic part of the city does bring on the nostalgia.
In 2009, a Times op-ed described the manifold usages of the fire escape rather eloquently.
Officially, of course, the urban fire escape is primarily an emergency exit, but in New York, this prosaic adornment of countless five- and six-story apartment houses has assumed myriad other functions: faux backyards, platforms for criminal getaways, oases for marginalized smokers and makeshift bedrooms popular during an age before air-conditioning. The piece urges "New Yorkers to give these old cultural symbols a second look." Well, Mr. FDNY spokesman, maybe you could stand to do the same.
· Safety concerns could make NYC's fire escapes a thing of the past [NYP]
· Soho Residents Not Thrilled About Losing Fire Escapes [Curbed]
· Soho Buildings To Lose Fire Escapes, Despite Safety Concerns [Curbed]
· Take A Closer Look At NYC's Beautiful, Ubiquitous Fire Escapes [Curbed]
Apps are one of the main ways that Apple attracts people to the iPhone, and in the interest of training more people to make them, the tech behemoth is launching a new curriculum for community colleges — starting in Houston.
Houston Community College will be among the first educational institutions to teach the Apple-designed course in developing applications for the iOS operating system, the company announced in Houston on Wednesday. It's part of a new iOS Coding and Design School that will offer both short-term boot camps and programs for degree credits starting in June.
"We have been excited about the links they have to the community, to businesses, to government, to everyone there," said Apple CEO Tim Cook, about HCC. "Because that means that lots of students will wind up in good jobs."
The course builds on Apple's educational programs for K-12 classrooms, as well as a network of iOS app development centers that the company launched in Italy last year. HCC Chancellor Cesar Maldonado says he noticed the iOS development center in Milan about nine months ago, and thought that Houston should have something similar. Upon reaching out to Apple, he learned that the company was already planning a curriculum for community colleges.
"There was some magic in the timing," Maldonado says. Although the new Coding and Design School will focus on Apple's Swift programming language, he says that won't preclude students from learning to create programs for Android phones as well. "The skills are transferable across devices and platforms."
Google doesn't have anything similar, but hinted that a program is under development.
"While we don't have an analogous program we're offering to college students at the moment," wrote Google spokeswoman Charlotte Smith in an email, "be sure to keep an eye out for updates as we get closer to the next school year :)"
Approximately 1.7 million mobile app developers in the United States, according to a study by the Progressive Policy Institute, a center-left think tank in Washington. The Bureau of Labor Statistics counts about 800,000 software developers for apps — which can be either web or mobile based — who make a median salary of $100,000 per year.
Although consumer-oriented smartphone apps are the most well-known variety, Houston might have a greater demand for developers who can create them for industrial uses, says Greater Houston Partnership CEO Bob Harvey.
There are a number of ways to land a job as a mobile developer: You can either teach yourself, using various free online tools, or take a course through non-accredited schools like General Assembly or Hack Reactor. Those can be expensive, though, and often require taking time off from regular jobs.
Those intensive programs aren't available in Houston, which only has a couple coding schools. Kevin Colten is the chief technology officer for Austin Coding Academy, which has a Houston office at Station Houston, a co-working space downtown. He says that demand for courses has been low so far, but that it makes sense for HCC to teach Apple's program.
"If you look at the numbers, iOS developers get paid more because it's more of a luxury phone," Colten says. In addition, he says many university app development courses have a hard time keeping up with changes in technology, which an Apple-directed course might be able to avoid.
Apple won't provide financial support for the courses, but the curriculum will be free to use for community colleges, beginning this year at institutions in Alabama, Pennsylvania, California and Ohio. It will also be available for free online to anyone who wants to teach themselves.
It's a welcome bit of momentum for Houston's nascent tech scene, which got a push last week with the launch of an "Innovation Strategy Office" within the Greater Houston Partnership aimed at boosting the city's startup ecosystem. One of the recommendations in a report from the consulting firm Accenture was for Houston to attract an office of a big Silicon Valley tech firm, such as Apple.
Apple employs about 8,400 in Texas. Six thousand of those jobs are in Austin, including the Maps team as well as other research and development functions. When asked if the company would start an office in Houston, Apple's Cook — who spent a few months in Houston in the 1990s while working for Compaq — said the city should instead focus on having people build on top of Apple's platform.
"Any city that's looking to expand, whether it's startups or just their tech workforce, my recommendation would be to focus on app development," Cook said.
People ask: "What has Bernie Sanders done for race relations?" As a minority living in Vermont, I say, just look at Vermont.
For a long time now, the narrative in the presidential race has been that Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) is not in tune with issues of race because he is from the largely white state of Vermont. That Bernie Sanders has not talked about race during his political career. That may be true, but what Bernie Sanders did is far more valuable than just talking about race relations. He took a largely white small rural state and made it welcoming to minorities. Vermont does have a minority population. And the truth is that Bernie Sanders, Pat Leahy and other politicians in Vermont created an atmosphere of tolerance and openness that welcomes minorities. Vermont should be held as a model for other states.
Unfortunately, I have had a great deal of first-hand experience with racism. Before moving to Vermont, living in more diverse states, I have been called a terrorist, a radical, accused of infiltrating the American government for al Qaeda, and was one of the Muslim American's spied on by the National Security Agency (NSA).
Edward Snowden discovered that the NSA was reading my emails and monitoring my phone calls. This is all despite me having served my country as an officer in the United States Navy, holding one of the highest security clearances and never having been presented shred of evidence that I harbored any terrorist tendencies. But because I am Muslim and proud of it, I must be a terrorist.
By the prevailing wisdom in the presidential race, a Muslim American spied on by the NSA should never feel welcomed in an overwhelmingly white state of Vermont. There is hardly a large Muslim population in Vermont. However, the truth is that Vermont has been nothing but accepting and welcoming to my family and me. How and why is that?
What most people do not know is that Vermont has a significant refugee population. In cities of Burlington and Winooski, there are over 60 languages spoken. In the old largely Catholic mill town of Winooski, Vermont, the city has had to adapt to an influx of refugees from Africa, Bhutan and Nepal.
In Winooski schools, with a student enrollment of just 826 students, 38 percent require English as a second language services. Yet, the white population of this city is very welcoming to its refugee population. It starts with the language used by our residents. People in Winooski and Burlington do not refer to the refugees as "refugees" but rather as "New Americans." At every point, there is a concerted effort made to be inclusive and openhearted.
This welcome with open arms has opened the doors to a future for these New Americans, giving them opportunities to start a business, a family, and a life here in the United States. Of the thousands of refugees who have moved to Vermont, most of them have not left the state.
Again, I ask why is overwhelmingly white Vermont with no history of diversity so welcoming to minorities from other parts of the world? How is it that despite the challenges faced by communities that have a significant minority immigrant population mixing with a large white population, Vermont has been able to absorb its minority population?
Just look at Minnesota and the challenges it faces. The answer is simple: It is due first and foremost to culture and values of Vermonters themselves, but Vermont's political leaders also deserve credit for this attitude on integration and openness.
Bernie Sanders has been in leadership of Vermont since 1981. Since then, Bernie Sanders along with Sen. Patrick Leahy has fostered an attitude of openness and inclusiveness. Bernie took office by advocating against discrimination, maybe not racial discrimination but discrimination nonetheless.
Bernie Sanders led the way in arguing for fairness, equality and advocating for the poor. It was this populist message that cleared the way for Vermont to absorb and integrate this refugee and minority population. When mayor, Bernie regularly had to take his populist message to the people to get his agenda implemented. Bernie got people used to the idea that government should help people different than them, that government does have a role to play in ending discrimination.
Now, I am not saying that Vermont does not have significant work to do in reaching racial equality. Many challenges remain. But when instances of racism arise, we want our leaders to take it seriously and act swiftly. That is exactly what happened.
Recently, someone from out of state was delivering a KKK flyer to the homes of African American women. Almost immediately people and political leaders such as the mayor of Burlington and state's attorney attended rallies in protest. The person was caught and now faces charges for disorderly conduct with an enhanced hate crime sentencing. Vermonters sent a strong message that this type of behavior would not be tolerated in Vermont.
Bernie Sanders need not run away from the fact that he is from less diverse state of Vermont, but rather he should use Vermont as an example for other states to integrate their minority populations. The entire goal of any civil rights movement be it black, Muslim or immigrant, is to be seen not as a Black American, Muslim American, or immigrant -- but rather just as an American.
In a state where a person of color sticks out, the person of color is more readily accepted and celebrated than in many other states. Vermont is not perfect yet, but it certainly has had to deal with racial issues and it has dealt with it better than most states. It is hard to argue that one of its leaders, Bernie Sanders, had nothing to do with the welcoming attitude of Vermont towards minority.
Paul Arriola, right, joined D.C. United this summer from Mexican club Tijuana. (By Tony Quinn)
Paul Arriola and Zoltan Stieber, midfielders acquired by D.C. United during a spending spree this summer, are carrying two of the biggest long-term contracts on the team. But according to figures compiled by the MLS Players' Union, their current salaries are rather modest.
The reason: They arrived in mid-season when salary cap space was limited and the team structured the deals with escalating amounts over the course of their guaranteed pacts.
Arriola, a 22-year-old right wing from the U.S. national team, is listed at $336,000 in base salary and $350,000 in guaranteed annual compensation. However, he is a designated player who will earn more than $1 million in the future, sources said at the time of his transfer from Mexican club Tijuana. Stieber, a Hungarian international who turns 29 next week, is listed at $100,000 in both categories. He, too, will collect considerably more.
They were among five players signed by last-place United before the roster freeze last month. The others were midfielder Russell Canouse ($65,000 base), forward Bruno Miranda ($53,000) and goalkeeper Steve Clark ($72,000). Canouse, who arrived from the German circuit, is also slated to earn much more than is listed. Miranda's figure is probably lower than he is earning because he's on loan from Universidad Chile through the 2018 season.
United has been among the thriftiest teams in the league for many years, but with the team struggling and a new stadium opening next summer, ownership opened the purse strings this summer and plans to add at least one additional high-priced player this winter.
A structured deal also affects players such as Atlanta United goalkeeper Brad Guzan, a fixture in the England leagues and with the U.S. national team. He's listed at only $340,000 base and $400,000 guaranteed.
Here are the base salaries and guaranteed annual compensation for 44 players acquired by MLS teams in recent months (rounded off):
ATLANTA UNITED
Brad Guzan: $340,000 base salary, $400,000 guaranteed comp
CHICAGO FIRE
Richard Sanchez: $65,000, $65,000
Jorge Corrales: $65,000, $65,000
COLORADO RAPIDS
Stefan Aigner: $425,000, $471,000
COLUMBUS CREW
Pedro Santos: $684,000, $731,000
D.C. UNITED
Deshorn Brown: $265,000, $337,000
Russell Canouse: $65,000, $65,000
Bruno Miranda: $53,000, $57,000
Zoltan Stieber: $100,000, $100,000
Paul Arriola: $336,000, $350,000
Steve Clark: $72,000, $72,000
FC DALLAS
Luis Gonzalez: $65,000, $83,000
Eduardo Cortes: $65,000, $65,000
HOUSTON DYNAMO
Tomas Martinez: $315,000, $498,000
Philippe Senderos: $225,000, $243,000
LOS ANGELES GALAXY
Pele van Anholt: $216,000, $216,000
Jonathan dos Santos: $2,000,000, $2,000,000
Michael Ciani: $600,000, $620,000
MINNESOTA UNITED
Sam Nicholson: $235,000, $281,000
Michael Boxall: $225,000, $242,000
Alex Kapp: $53,000, $53,000
Jose Leiton: $53,000, $68,000
MONTREAL IMPACT
Deian Boldor: $324,000, $324,000
Samuel Piette: $90,000, $99,000
NEW ENGLAND REVOLUTION
Krisztian Nemeth: $547,000, $655,000
Gershon Koffie: $120,000, $120,000
Claude Dielna: $780,000, $910,000
NEW YORK CITY FC
Andraz Struna: $76,000, $76,000
NEW YORK RED BULLS
Fidel Escobar: $95,000, $95,000
Muhamed Keita: $200,000, $256,000
Vincent Bezecourt: $53,000, $53,000
ORLANDO CITY
Yoshimer Yotun: $550,000, $600,000
PORTLAND TIMBERS
Larrys Mabiala: $432,000, $481,000
Bill Tuiloma: $53,000, $64,000
REAL SALT LAKE
Jefferson Savarino: $353,000, $376,000
Marcelo Silva: $675,000, $712,000
SAN JOSE EARTHQUAKES
Valeri Qazaishvili: $1,325,000, $1,454,000
Francois Affloter: $120,000, $154,000
SEATTLE SOUNDERS
Kelvin Leerdam: $351,000, $486,000
Victor Rodriguez: $1,000,000, $1,087,000
SPORTING KANSAS CITY
Cristian Lobato: $180,000, $180,000
TORONTO FC
Nicolas Hasler: $65,000, $81,000
VANCOUVER WHITECAPS
Bernie Ibini: $135,000, $174,000
Stefan Marinovic: $65,000, $78,000
Aly Ghazal: $87,000, $212,000
Nosa Igiebor: $65,000, $98,000
Mumbai. This can be quite shocking for all job seekers as an MNC in Mumbai has offered job to Mr. Rahul Ghadi for catching Virar-Andehri fast local from Dahisar station.
This is not the first time Rahul did this heroic act. This has been his everyday routine, but he never imagined that this could change his professional life.
A feat indeed.
The incident happened this morning when Rahul appeared for a job interview in an MNC. When the interviewer asked, “We want someone competitive for this post, so why do you think you are suitable for this position?”
To this Rahul instantly replied, “I catch Virar-Andheri fast local from Dahisar without missing it for a single day. I am never late for my job when I am traveling by train.”
Interviewer got shock of his life after hearing Rahul's answer. The resume of Rahul fell down from his hand and his jaw dropped.
“Bahut kraantikaari! Bahut hi kraantikaari!” the interviewer said and instantly offered Rahul the job with seven-figure salary.
It is a well known fact that not even air can enter inside Virar-Andheri local trains, especially during morning time. It's considered superhuman if a person successfully boards the train in the first attempt.
“This is a masterstroke of genius,” quoted Rahul's friend and mentor Mr Digginath, “I have seen him catching local train every morning and beauty of his success is that he never travels like conventional hurried traveller. You will never find him on a train top or on guard in-between coaches. It's a deep secret how he does this. He could be made Prime Minister of this country for this feat. This job is just a small token of appreciation.”
HR experts tell Faking News that recruiters in Mumbai specially hunt for skill sets like catching a running train, ability to manage as the 4th person on the seat, ability to push people back with a bum and forward with a tummy, comfortable with a noise and smell, etc. so that a person reaches office in “uncompromised and fresh” mood to work.
“Furthermore, these are qualities of a tough person,” explained the interviewer who selected Rahul, “If you can catch fast train and sustain all the tough pressure, you are a go getter and can be a good manager.”
“We will be adding similar talented people to our diverse pool of workforce and concentrating on other metropolitan citiess of India likes Delhi and Bangalore,” company CEO Mr. Kapil Siddle added.
1 2
Pads come in all shapes and sizes. Here we explore the chillier end of the sonic spectrum – perfect for those long cold winter nights.
When we think of synth pads we often think of warm, analogue-style sounds, but there's an alternative approach which is just as interesting. Colder, darker pads are most typically associated with techno, but they have their place in any genre, from drum and bass and dubstep through to house. A number of different synthesis methods can work well for this kind of sound. FM synths and additive synths are sometimes used, but we'll stick with subtractive synthesis techniques for their ease of use. In this case we're going to create a complex, heavily modulated pad sound using Analog, one of the stock synths in Ableton Live 9 Suite (and available as an upgrade for Live Intro and Standard):
Sine of the Times
Subtractive synthesis by definition usually begins with a harmonically rich waveform, such as a square or sawtooth wave, that is in turn shaped by a filter in order to subtract certain frequencies and harmonics. Here, however, were going to start with a sine wave, which lacks any additional harmonics. We begin by selecting the sine from the Shape menu for Osc1:
Analog allows you to route each oscillator to one of the two filters. In this case Osc 1 is routed to Filter 1 and Osc 2 (which we'll come to later) is routed to Filter 2:
As there are no harmonics to filter in a pure sine wave, Filter 1 is disabled (trying to filter a sine wave only changes its volume). The amp envelope is set for a slow attack and moderate release. These can be adjusted as necessary later to suit the tempo of the track and the arrangement.
Adding subtle vibrato can help to make the sound less sterile and more interesting. Here, the Delay and Attack parameters are set to build the pitch modulation slowly, making the vibrato less predictable and modulating the sound over the course of long, sustained notes.
We begin to introduce more harmonics using Unison mode, which doubles the oscillator with another detuned version. We've also added some automated panning, controlled by one of the LFOs, although this can be left out at this stage and reserved for later if you want to take more control over the stereo spread of the sound at the mixing stage.
With Unison engaged we can immediately hear a difference in tone:
Adding Live's Chorus effect after the synth adds another level of subtle detuning and movement:
A delay with feedback is a better alternative to reverb when adding ambience, as it allows us to create a cleaner sound and gives us the option of setting up tempo-synced delay times with ease. Here Live's Filter Delay device creates three different delays – each with subtly different filter settings – panned to the left, centre and right respectively. Removing low-end frequencies in the filter sections helps to keep the sound uncluttered when playing chords across the full frequency range.
Related
1 2
Federal Appeals Court Says There Is No Right To Carry Concealed Weapons In Public
Enlarge this image toggle caption Al Behrman/AP Al Behrman/AP
A federal appeals court in California ruled today that local authorities have the right to require people to obtain permits before carrying concealed weapons in public.
In a 7-4 decision, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Second Amendment right to bear arms does not include carrying a concealed gun. The ruling upholds a California handgun permit law, one of the toughest in the country. The opinion is binding only in the Western states covered by the 9th Circuit (Alaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Oregon and Washington).
The decision reverses a 2014 ruling by a three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit that found California's handgun control law unconstitutional.
Judge William Fletcher wrote for the full-court majority:
"The right of a member of the general public to carry a concealed firearm in public is not, and never has been, protected by the Second Amendment. Therefore, because the Second Amendment does not protect in any degree the right to carry concealed firearms in public, any prohibition or restriction a state may choose to impose on concealed carry — including a requirement of 'good cause,' however defined — is necessarily allowed by the Amendment."
The case involves gun owners in two California counties, San Diego and Yolo, who were denied permits to carry concealed weapons. Under state law, applicants have to show good moral character, have a good cause and take a training course.
At the heart of the dispute was the interpretation of "good cause."
AS NPR's Kirk Siegler reported for NPR's Newscast Unit:
"Basically applicants for a concealed-carry weapons permit in San Diego County had to demonstrate that they were in some sort of immediate danger — they were, say, carrying a large sum of money, or their life was clearly at risk. In other words, they couldn't just get a concealed-carry permit on the basis of self-defense alone."
Gun rights groups challenged California's handgun law as an infringement of the Second Amendment. Agreeing with them in a dissent was Judge Consuelo Callahan:
In the end, it's the middle-aged housewife who gets to him. On a blistering June day north of Phoenix, John McCain, short and sprightly in a baby-blue gingham button-down, has been harangued repeatedly by an antiwar demonstrator during his town-hall meeting. A couple of hours earlier, he'd had to stand red-faced while a transsexual woman made a speech about a nondiscrimination bill in Congress (I'll go back and review it again, he said stiffly).
Then, during an event in a YMCA recreation facility in the suburb of Carefree, he can't hold it together anymore. A woman takes a paper from her purse and begins reading McCain's own concession speech from the 2008 election. After he was beaten by Barack Obama, the senator from Arizona promised to find ways to come together to find the necessary compromises to bridge our differences.
That was your words, says the woman. I was very heartened when I heard these words, and my question is: What happened?' 
Blinking rapidly, McCain develops an expression like a grenade about to detonate.
Simple, he snaps. This administration has decided to govern from the far left without any consultations or negotiations or any compromises to be made with the other party!
His supporters applaud, and McCain's face twitches. You know how many times I've been asked to go over to the White House to negotiate on any issue? he asks, not waiting for an answer. Zero, he says with a huff. Zero.
McCain ends the exchange with a starkly disingenuous Thanks very much, the smirk on his face doing nothing to conceal his annoyance. Next time, he says, please bring another speech.
It has been a very strange season in the political career of John McCain. The former maverick who once fought his own party on everything from tax cuts to torture, who built a reputation as a prickly independent, now marches in lockstep with his party, from his objection to Sonia Sotomayor's Supreme Court appointment to his support of a draconian new immigration law in Arizona that would have repulsed him three years ago. When Newsweek asked him whether a maverick would take such positions, he responded that he'd never considered himself a maverick. It all seemed to defy logic.
But did it really? For John McCain, being a maverick always meant following different and contradictory scripts, according to his whim and the political realities of the moment. Long dependent on advisers to harness and manage his political energies, McCain has never resolved an inherent contradiction in his brain trust, between Rick Davis, a veteran lobbyist who helped McCain win the Republican nomination, and Mark Salter, the speechwriter who single-handedly crafted the maverick image of McCain from the early aughts. Both represent distinct parts of McCain's psyche, the former McCain's instinctual need to survive and fight, the latter his need for honor and dignity in the Washington snakepit (it was Salter who wrote McCain's concession speech). And both have served him well. But this year, as McCain has been gripped by fear of political mortality, one of the voices in his head is, increasingly, drowning out the other. In a sense, the campaign he's running is a continuation of his presidential campaign, the same battle on different ground. And though for the nation the stakes are much lower, for one manJohn McCainthey are even higher.
In the spring of 2009, Nevada senator Harry Reid approached John McCain with a message, ostensibly from President Barack Obama.
If you put an immigration bill in, we'll get behind it, Reid told McCain, according to a person briefed on the conversation.
McCain, who'd failed to pass an immigration bill co-sponsored with Ted Kennedy in 2007, and was roundly whipped by his own party for the attempt, was infuriated by the offer. Me, put a bill in and he'll get behind it? McCain asked. Why doesn't the president put a bill in and I'll get behind it?
In a world where the economy was in turmoil and populist anger was percolating, Obama's suggestion looked to McCain more like an invitation to political self-immolation, especially in Arizona, where McCain faced a reelection campaign in 2010 with a volatile electorate sliding toward tea-party politics. The exchange stoked lingering feelings over all that had happened in 2008: the economic collapse that stole his thunder, the bickering in his campaign, the press's abandoning him, how the choice of Sarah Palin threw his judgment into question. He sees Obama less than the leader of all the people than a man who beat him, with a few lucky breaks. He's angry at Obama, at former staff, at his family life, at his fellow Americans, says a veteran Republican strategist who has worked closely with McCain. He's angry.
New Delhi/Mumbai: The CBI on Monday moved the Supreme Court seeking its permission to drop certain charges against gangster Abu Salem under TADA and Explosive Substances Act in view of its commitment to the Portuguese government at the time of his extradition that he shall not be awarded death penalty or detained in custody for more than 25 years if found guilty.
Appearing before a bench headed by Justice Aftab Alam, Attorney General G E Vahanwati said the government is committed to its assurance given to the Portuguese court and the government sought the apex court's permission to drop the additional charges framed against Salem by the trail court.
"The applicant (CBI) reiterates its commitment which was given to the Portugal government/court when Salem was extradited to India to the extent that he shall not be awarded death penalty and/or detained in custody for a period more than 25 years if found guilty," the application filed by the agency said.
"As a matter of fact, charges framed by trial court have been termed as additional charges by the Portuguese courts because of which the Portuguese courts have come to the conclusion that there has been a violation of rule of Speciality. More so, the technicality on which the appellant has raised various objections/litigations/representations in India as well as in Portugal...," the agency said.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A U.S. Border Patrol helicopter went down Thursday night near the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station, the FAA said.
The McDonnell Douglas 600N, with three people on board, made a forced landing because of engine trouble.
The three people were able to exit the helicopter on their own and were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Aerial images showed the chopper sitting on the edge of the surf, just north of the nuclear plant. The aircraft was significantly damaged, authorities said.
The helicopter was going from the airport in Long Beach, California, to the Brown Field airport in San Diego, said Vince Bond, the Border Patrol's public information officer.
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the case.
CNN's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report.
All About California
Turkey has threatened to rip-up its migrant deal with the EU claiming it will stop letting migrants across its border unless Brussels implements a pledge to grant Turks visa-free travel.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan warned the European Union that it needs Turkey 'more than we need you' as tensions grew overpromises for visa liberalisation in a crucial deal on stemming the flow of migrants to Europe.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu had earlier bluntly told the EU that Ankara would no longer abide by the March migrant accord if Brussels fails to implement the visa-free travel by June.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan (above) warned the EU that it needs Turkey 'more than we need you' as tensions grew overpromises for visa liberalisation in a crucial deal on stemming the flow of migrants
Critics are now concerned that the EU appears ready to give in to pressure laid on by the country.
UKIP MEP James Carver, a member of the European Parliament's foreign affairs committee, told the Daily Express: 'The EU wants to give visa-free travel to all Turkish citizens by June, and eventually full Turkish accession. British people are appalled that the EU is giving into blackmail and allowing visa-free travel.
'This shows that the Brexit debate is not really about where the EU is now but the direction and destiny it is travelling to in the future. Turkey is too big, too poor and too different from us.
'I certainly don't wish to be in a political union with a country with such a despicable human rights record, which massacres the Kurds and helps out Islamic State in an underhand way too.'
Tensions have also been fuelled by a European Parliament report published last week that accused Turkey of backsliding on democracy and pressure from Ankara on Berlin to prosecute a German comic over a poem satirising Erdoğan.
The issues are coming to a head as Chancellor Angela Merkel and top EU officials prepare to travel to the Turkish city of Gaziantep, close to the Syrian border, on Saturday to discuss implementation of the migrant deal.
'The European Union needs Turkey more than Turkey needs the European Union,' Erdoğan said to cheers in a televised speech to municipal leaders in Ankara.
Kilis, a city located just 10km from the Syrian border and the location of the Oncupinar Border crossing, has been Turkey's frontline during the refugee crisis. The country has taken around three million people from Syria
Denouncing a European Parliament report as 'provocative', he criticised it for praising Turkey's work in hosting some 2.7 million refugees from the war in neighbouring Syria.
'Three million people have been looked after in this country so they don't disturb the Europeans. Is there anything about this in the report?' said Erdoğan.
'At a time when our relations with the European Union are in a positive phase regarding the migrants... it is provocative to come out with a report like that.'
Turkey has been given a string of promises from the European Union - including visa-free travel to the border-free Schengen Zone and a new momentum for its long-stalled membership bid - in return for stepping up efforts to stop migrants crossing to EU territory.
'This is a mutual commitment,' Davutoglu said earlier this week of the promise to exempt Turks from visas by the end of June.
'If the EU cannot take the necessary steps required of it then of course it cannot be expected of Turkey to take these steps.'
If the June deadline is not adhered to, 'of course no-one can expect Turkey to adhere to its commitments,' he added.
Marc Pierini, visiting scholar at Carnegie Europe, said that Ankara was 'very keen' to obtain the visa-free regime but was also aware there were are 72 technical conditions to be fulfilled.
'As of today, these conditions have not been met yet,' he said.
Once they are met, the issue will be put to EU interior ministers for a qualified majority vote in June.
'Turkey does not have the ability to change the voting procedures in EU Ministerial Councils,' Pierini commented.
UKIP MEP James Carver (pictured), a member of the European Parliament's foreign affairs committee, said of Turkey's threat: 'British people are appalled that the EU is giving into blackmail and allowing visa-free travel'
EU Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker also warned Ankara that the 'criteria (on visa liberalisation) will not be watered down in the case of Turkey'.
He said Davutoglu had raised the issue in talks in Strasbourg 'but he did not need to because... I have made clear that this will be done when Turkey has fulfilled all the conditions, which it is in the process of doing.'
He added: 'We concluded an accord and this deal is being applied. There is no need to make any kind of threat.'
The March 18 accord sets out measures for reducing Europe's worst migration crisis since the Second World War, including stepped-up checks by Turkey and the shipping back to Turkish territory of migrants who land on the Greek islands.
But the prospect of visa-free travel for Turks has been hugely controversial in some EU countries, where leaders have been accused of bending over to fulfil Erdoğan's demands at a time when he is accused of growing authoritarianism.
In his address to the PACE, Davutoglu did not emphasise the visa issue but lamented the lack of foreign assistance given to Turkey for the Syrian refugees, saying this amounted to just $500 million (440 million euros) compared to Turkey's spending of $10 billion.
What makes Serial so hypnotic is that you end up kind of believing that Adnan is innocent, while at the same time kind of believing that the witnesses against him are telling the truth too. Maybe not the full truth, granted, but it feels unlikely that everything is a complete fabrication.
And yet, obviously, both of those positions cannot be correct at the same time. Adnan can't be completely innocent like he claims if Jay is telling even a fraction of the truth. So the listener remains locked in this morbid fascination, looking for a clue, a hint, that will push one of these options off the table completely.
Of all the people discussed in Sarah Koenig's Serial, the one that has always interested me the most is Jen. I can understand the reasons why Adnan would lie. I can understand the reasons why Jay would lie. But Jen is the one who doesn't make sense to me. While Jen's truthfulness doesn't necessarily mean Adnan is guilty, it is certainly easier to believe in Adnan's innocence if you can debunk Jen's testimony.
Plus there were bits about the way Serial presented things that didn't make sense to me. Why would Jen continue to hang out with someone who involved her in a murder investigation? Why didn't she know the number of shovels she took Jay to clean off? Why does everyone keep talking about the “consistency” in Jay's story when that story seems to change every time he tells it?
So I found myself going through the transcription of Jen and Jay's police interviews and creating timelines of the various accounts of January 13th, 1999. I built a data repository to allow easy manipulation and visualization of each element that you can play with here.
The funny thing is, when people look at the various accounts of the 13th they do so under the assumption that people are telling the truth. Therefore Jen's testimony of what Jay told her that Adnan told him is given the same weight as Jay's testimony of what Adnan said when logically it shouldn't. Third, and fourth hand knowledge, rumor and supposition are much more likely to be where the inaccuracies are, even if the person is honest.
I could never keep all the various versions of what might have happened on January 13th and where that information came from clear. So I wanted the timelines I built to take into account both THE SOURCE of the information and who the information was about. Here's the visualization of that. You can examine accounts from February 27th (Jen's interview), February 28th (Jay's 1st interview), or March 15th (Jay's second interview) either arranged by person or interview. You can easily filter out one source of information and compare the various timelines against each other to see where the inconsistencies lie.
If you want to build your own visualization of the events of January 13th, you can find the data right here.
As I started breaking down the details of Jay and Jen's stories in short place and time data points, it cleared up a lot of confusion created by Serial's storytelling style of reporting: Jen didn't know how many shovels there were because she was in the car, playing look out while Jay went behind the dumpster to find them, a lot of the large inconsistencies in Jay's story come from him clearly attempting to keep his friends out of trouble … lies that in context seem less like deceit and more like misplaced loyalty and naiveté. While Jay's first interview and his second changes up many major details, the core timeline of events remains pretty much the same … even as the state claims different.
But looking at the events of January 13th this way also raised some new questions:
– According to both Jen and Jay, Adnan called Jay at least three times between 1pm and 4pm. Twice on the cellphone and once on Jen's landline. Jen says the landline call was the third and final call (presumably the notorious “pick me up at Best Buy”), Jay says the landline call was the second call. Obviously there was some reason why the police ruled out this information, but it's interesting as a hypothetical nevertheless. If this important call came through the landline, then it's possible the murder took place later– at a time consistent with Jay's testimony rather than where the state tried to cram it in.
– The Patapsco Park bit comes originally from Jen. According to Jen, Jay leaves a message for her asking for a pickup at a park around 7pm. Jen isn't sure what he means, calls him back for clarification, gets Adnan who claims “Jay is busy”. According to her he sounds high at the time. When the police press Jen for the name of the park she can't remember exactly what it's called (or rather the person doing the transcript couldn't understand her), but the cross streets she gives indicatePatapsco.
Ritz: Where's that located? Jen: On [inaudible] Park Road Ritz: Where's that, is that Baltimore County? Jen: Yeah, it's off of Crosby and Chesworth I believe.
There are so many interesting possibilities here: Jen has already admitted she wasn't sure if she understood where Jay wanted to get picked up … perhaps Jay really was in Patapsco Park at some point that day … perhaps Jay– young and naturally skeptical of the police– made up the bit about Patapsco in order to better match Jen's misunderstood account of things because he assumed if their stories didn't match up the police wouldn't believe him.
– In Jen's interview she says Jay dropped Adnan off at some girl's house some point after picking him up from Best Buy (4ish maybe) … that's such a weird detail to get wrong. Weirder still that it supposedly happened around the time of the Nisha call. Now, I'm not saying Jay dropped Adnan off at Nisha's because that would be absolutely impossible given the geography, but it stood out to me for some reason.
– According to Jen, Cathy didn't know about the murder until the day before Jen's interview. Jen also makes no mention of Adnan hanging out with them at Cathy's house which makes way more sense to me than this fantastic idea that Jay, Jen, Cathy and Cathy's boyfriend Jeff has all heard Adnan has killed his girlfriend and yet still have no qualms about hanging out with him.
– There are points in Jay's interview where he seems like he is trying to protect Jen by putting distance between them. For example he originally identifies Jen's house as the house of her brother, and speaks about Jen the way one would speak about the sibling of a relative one barely knows.
Ritz: Okay When you arrive at [Jen's brother] house, what do you do? Jay: Sit down, video game out. Ritz: Who was home at that time? Jay: Just me and [Jen's brother] Ritz: Do you recall what time you arrived at the house? Jay: No, not exactly. I know a little while his sister came in the house. Ritz: And who is his sister? Jay: Jen Ritz: And how old is Jen? Jay: Excuse me, I think she's eighteen. Ritz: and how old is [Jen's brother]. Jay: 15
The more I read of the transcripts the more I think the general story Jay is telling is true but that he fiddles with the details in order to improve his position. Either to protect his friends, minimize his own involvement, or to improve the state's case. I don't think he made the whole thing up under police pressure, but I could buy the idea that he made up the bits about Adnan repeatedly telling him he was going to kill Hae Lee before the 13th in order to support premeditation.
Advertisements
Liz: Here's a post from Liam Fraser, who you may recognise from the forums, or for his Python tutorials on YouTube. I've bent his arm into administering our downloads server for us, and he has, as usual, gone above and beyond what we'd briefed him to do.
Liam's tutorial video series is becoming very popular, and he's paying a lot of attention to what you are saying in the forums and blog comments here. Because some readers have said they're struggling a bit with making SD card images, he's planning on a video tutorial to show you how to do it step-by-step before we launch the device itself. Head over and subscribe to his channel – we think you'll get a lot out of it.
We had emailed the other day from someone complaining that a naked Jennifer Aniston had been seen on YouTube in a “recommended for you sidebar” near one of Liam's videos. Now, obviously, the Foundation can't police YouTube's algorithmic choice of what it thinks you might like, and we don't police community-created videos like Liam's. I'm just putting it out there; we thought this might be the sort of information some of you would like to know…
Over to Liam.
I'm Liam Fraser, the guy who is administering the Raspberry Pi Downloads server. As many of you will know, the release of the Debian 6 image on Friday went extremely smoothly. We still have around 2000 seeders on our torrent which is fantastic. Even more impressive than that was the number of mirror links that were generously donated by the community.
I'm sure many of you saw the dreaded ‘capacity full' message when trying to download via http. Over the past few days I've been working on a load balancing system for our server so we can fairly distribute our http traffic amongst the mirrors.
The system takes client location, mirror location and server bandwidth into consideration when assigning a mirror. A server with a gigabit connection would have more chance of being assigned to a user than a server with a 100 megabit connection. A user can also select an alternative mirror if there is an issue with the automatically assigned mirror.
However, I can't just start putting links from those who have kindly entered their mirror details on the wiki into the load balancer because it would be unfair on those people hosting to have to deal with such a traffic surge.
So, if you'd like to become a trusted mirror to be used with our load balancer, email [email protected] with the following information:
• The http path to your mirrors Raspberry Pi root folder
• An FTP Login with password for your Raspberry Pi root folder
• Server speed (100 megabit, gigabit, etc.)
• Continent/Country of the server
• Logo / link / text such as “This mirror is hosted by webfusion.”
Any mirror that provided us with this information would automatically have new images pushed to their web root via FTP and would not have to worry about being up to date.
Edited to add: I'll be setting up an rsync server as an alternative to FTP for all the linux guys as they've all asked for it in the comments below.
Liz has asked if data on how many downloads are made from the trusted mirrors can be given to the Foundation, so they can make estimates about how many Raspberry Pis they will need to produce, so you'll be helping out in more than one way.
It's worth pointing out that that we're expecting a large amount of traffic and that we cannot be held accountable for exceeding your bandwidth allowance. However, any mirror wanting to be removed from the list could easily do so by emailing me.
Thanks all!
In the 1960s the world was abuzz with the potential developments of the future. From hover cars to Disney's House of the Future, speculation on how technology may impact our everyday lives was surrounded by wild and whacky solutions to simplify everyday routines.
Fast forward to 2016, when food is both an experience and a chore to make. Palate fatigue reoccurs as culinary trends change, bringing about a myriad of new flavours, which drop out of favour as soon as the next big spice is Instagrammed into the mainstream food market.
Trade has diversified between cultures, broadening the variety of flavours available to consumers. However, as food trends change and the pressure to create interesting and innovative flavours and combinations has increased, what are the taste trends that may be changing our culinary experience in the future?
Food science and the culinary arts
Molecular gastronomy and flavour encapsulation may sound like something straight out of Doctor Who – which it is – but it's a widely used idea in food production and might hold the key to how we approach food flavouring in the future. The theory is that the flavour found in whole ingredients will be stronger than if it is dispersed, and if this intense flavour can be preserved, it can be used to create new and exciting combinations. As William Hartnell's First Doctor says: “Flavours are rather like primary colours, you blend two to get the third, and so on.”
British chef Heston Blumenthal has been championing the use of flavour encapsulation for years in his restaurant The Fat Duck, creating a myriad of dishes that break away from our existing perception of foods, such as a fruit bowl made of meat, curry ice-cream, and black pudding chocolate spread.
Although the idea of dressing food up in disguise may be a little niche, it plays on a method of condensing food into small capsules, which contain the flavour and nutrients of a full meal that has been a staple of futuristic science fiction since the 1960s. While the image of William Hartnell's Doctor Who producing a small bar that tasted like bacon and eggs out of a machine was a fun futuristic joke at the time, it has since become a reality as Blumenthal managed to capture the flavours in his recipe for bacon and egg ice cream.
Molecular gastronomy, the scientific exploration of the transformation of ingredients during the cooking process, has been used by chefs and scientists to identify how flavour encapsulation can be achieved and to prevent palate fatigue. One company leading the development is Canadian-based Molecule-R Flavors.
“We like to think of it as the fusion of food science and the culinary arts,” says the company. “Molecular gastronomy is a new, exciting kind of cooking that borrows knowledge, techniques and ingredients from the food industry and makes them its own in order to combine tastes, shapes and textures in novel, creative ways.”
Molecule-R has been working to transfer the state-of-the-art techniques of creating flavoured foam, gels, liquid bubbles, and other artisan food science presentation, from the kitchens of award-winning restaurants to the tables of amateur chefs worldwide. Gelled food is one such technique that has gathered traction over the past decade; using hydrocolloids chefs can create interesting and strong flavour and colour combinations that hold various shapes, such as boiled fruit spaghetti.
You call that a knife?
While taste buds on the tongue recognise five primary tastes, chemesthesis – the combination of the senses – plays much larger role in the way we identify flavour, and can even change the way that we taste food. Synaesthesia – a neurological phenomenon where a person involuntarily experiences ‘crossed' sensory responses, such as tasting colours – is present in only a minority of people, but it may be the inspiration behind the multi-sensory food revolutions.
Unlike the ‘just-add-water' method of food delivery predicted in the 1960s, which focuses on simplicity and convenience, multi-sensory dining explores the eating experience as a whole, combining flavour, appearance and scents to influence the perception, enjoyment and taste of food. Imagine eating your favourite meal from when you were young and inhaling the smell of your childhood home, while using a spoon that makes your mouth tingle, enhancing the flavour with every bite. That's multi-sensory eating.
Alongside its molecular gastronomy developments, Molecule-R has produced a range of aroma cutlery, which uses our sense of smell to enhance the flavour and taste of food. Aromaforks and Aromaspoons work by placing a drop of flavouring from a range of scents, including herbs, fruits, beans, umani, and nuts, on a small diffusing paper, which sits in the fork handle. The idea is that when you eat, you inhale the aroma and taste the flavour.
Molecule-R has produced a range of aroma cutlery, which uses our sense of smell to enhance the flavour and taste of food
“The initial idea was to reinvent the traditional fork into an improved utensil that would trick people's mind by liberating an intense flow of aromas, but we soon realised that the Aromafork could also become the perfect educational tool to learn how to better appreciate food,“ explains Molecule-R Flavors president Jonathan Coutu.
Aroma-producing forks are not the only foray into changing flavour through cutlery design. A research team at Oxford University has been looking into the effect that different types of cutlery have on the flavour and taste of food. The experiment, led by chef in residence at Oxford University's Crossmodal Research Laboratory, Charles Michel, saw 130 diners served the same three-course meal, but with half the participants using heavier banquet-style cutlery.
The findings, published in the journal Flavour, claimed that diners using the heavier cutlery experienced a higher quality dining experience: “The diners' appreciation of the food is affected by the type of the cutlery used to eat (in this case, knife and fork were changed between experimental groups), in terms of liking, aesthetic value, and willing to pay for the food. In other words, a very common set of utensils, present on tables around the world, can potentially make the food ‘taste' better (or worse).”
Replicating flavours digitally
Alongside the development of enhanced flavours for naturally grown food, scientists have been working on ways to replicate flavours and tastes that are completely divorced from the food products they originated from.
The digital taste interface, also known as a digital lollipop, works by stimulating the sweet and sour taste receptors using two metal probes placed on your tongue. The probes produce thermal and electrical stimulation, which translate to taste when activated.
Prototypes for a working interface have been in progress for a number of years, for example at London City University's Mixed Reality Lab. Researchers from the lab explain: “Although there are a lot of systems in auditory, vision, and haptic domains, few attempts have been made in the sense of taste. As an attempt to bridge this gap, we introduced a method for digitally actuate the sense of taste by actuating the tongue through electrical and thermal stimulations.”
While the development of digital taste simulation is still in its infancy, it has been touted as a potentially revolutionary concept, which offers the potential of sharing flavour remotely via social media or advertising. If food adverts weren't already pavlovian enough for your liking, imagine being able to experience the flavour through a device attached to your television set.
While tasting your TV may be all fun and games, the applications of digital flavour replication may play a significant role in how we consume food in the future. With the global population expected to reach 9.6 billion by 2050 and crops failing due to drought and flooding, access to the food we know and love may become increasingly difficult in the years ahead. Changing our eating habits is an incredibly complex task, battling both consumer perception of manufactured food and eating trends; however, if we can capture flavour, digitally or through flavour encapsulation, and apply it to bland, mass produced food (or bugs if you can stomach them), then flavour could be used as a bridge between the old foods that we are accustomed to, and the new foods that can be grown to survive extreme environments, creating new and exciting flavour combinations in the process.
The New York Times In Lockstep With The Washington Compost
It's just a revolving door of leaks. This is a coup in the making.
Jason Blocked Unblock Follow May 19, 2017
The coup is here. It is being perpetuated by the mainstream media who are working hand-in-hand with the democrats and those within the Trump administration to overthrow him. Never Mind the blatant lack of evidence, their goal is a psyop to destroy Trump's supporter base. They want to crush his momentum. They want his supporters to doubt him while emboldening the Democrat base for 2018.
The Washington Compost just released this: “The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official.”
Check out the quote from this article that you had to scroll down a bit for. You know, past the point anyone will actually read:
People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result.
We first have to look at what does scrutiny mean? Someone is being looked into. Does that mean anything? No, not really. It could be they just want more information from someone. We have no way of knowing because there is NO INFORMATION even provided. Expect more of this to come as the media just wants Trump gone and they will do whatever it takes.
Now, there is some speculation it is Jared Kushner. Personally, I would love to see him get the boot. Jared's had some odd financial ties to Russia so I'm not really surprised. But again, does this mean anything? Not really.
Now onto the New York Times Story. They are claiming that Trump said this in a document summarizing the meeting he had in the Oval Office.
“I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job,” Mr. Trump said, according to the document, which was read to The New York Times by an American official. “I faced great pressure because of Russia. That's taken off.”
Note the part that I bolded. First off, their source read the document to a New York Times “journalist?” Anything like how they were “read” the memo from James Comey? So, they have NO IDEA what's actually in the document. But, let's say it is real. Who was talking to The New York Times? The only people who should realistically have access to this document would be someone within the NSC. Maybe Dina Powell?
Trump has got a leaky ship and he is his own worst enemy. He is openly allowing these things to happen at this point. His refusal to clean house will be his downfall if things doing get in order soon. The media doesn't care, they do what they do for clicks and ad revenue. Sure, they are pushing an agenda, but their ratings are skyrocketing and subscriptions are at an all-time high.
Then we have another report about: Israeli Intelligence Furious Over Trump's Loose Lips. All I am going to do is link this article which completely refutes this:
Brig. Gen. (ret.) Amnon Sofrin, who headed the Mossad's intelligence directorate explained that the unwritten rules governing the disclosure of intelligence information are different for foreign intelligence agencies than they are for foreign leaders. Foreign leaders have “the ability and the mandate to make use of information according to their considerations,” Sofrin said. Still, he should “ask his people about the sensitivity of this information.”
At this point, I can't fault the media for doing what they do. They will continue to do this and continue to attack Trump. Trump needs to clean house and get the leaks in order. Judging by the credibility of outlets like the Washington Compost, I find it hard to trust any of their sources. But even if it is true, it shows those within his administration are openly trying to overthrow him. The scary part will be when the intelligence community starts fabricating evidence out of nowhere linking him back to Putin and the DNC attack.
PS: Did you already forget Anthony Weiner pleated guilty to sexting with a minor today? These stories drop when this happens and when Trump is leaving. I'd like to say it more or less had to do with Trump leaving but you can never be too sure in this day and age.
Obama and Biden applaud at a campaign stop Saturday, Aug. 23, 2008, in Springfield, Ill. (AP Photo/M. Spencer Green)
It started, as so many things start, in the hazy college dorm room that is Twitter.
So if Biden runs and announces Obama as his VP ... Is that possible? Asking for a friend. Friend is not @VP. — Joey Marburger (@josephjames) August 6, 2015
Could Joe Biden seek to goose his not-yet-existent presidential campaign by adding Barack Obama to the ticket? Or, along the same lines, could we see Hillary Clinton-Bill Clinton face off against Jeb Bush-George W. Bush? And, like, can you even imagine?
The answer seems to be pretty straightforward. The 12th Amendment to the Constitution states that "no person constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to that of Vice-President of the United States." And the 22nd Amendment, the political response to Franklin Roosevelt's impressive run of presidential victories, capped presidents to two terms. Ergo: No Clinton-Clinton or Bush-Bush. Or Biden-Obama, for that matter. Done and done, right?
The answer seems straightforward. But it is less straightforward than it appears.
Michael Dorf is a professor of constitutional law at Cornell University. In 2000, he argued that an Al Gore-Bill Clinton ticket could withstand legal scrutiny. And when we spoke by phone on Thursday, he said that he stood by that argument.
The rough outline of his argument is this: The 22nd Amendment doesn't say you can't be president for more than two terms. It says you can't be elected president twice. If a Biden-Obama ticket won (which we'll get to), and tragedy were to befall Joe Biden, Barack Obama could become president, according to the letter of the law (which we'll also get to), since he wasn't elected to the position. As such, Obama is not constitutionally ineligible to serve as president.
What's more, Dorf said, the case of Powell v. McCormack in 1968 established precedent for a narrow reading of what constitutes "eligibility." In that case, the House sought to prevent Adam Clayton Powell from being sworn in as a representative, arguing that the Constitution gave them the ability to "be the judge of ... qualifications" to sit in the House. The Supreme Court disagreed, deciding that the House couldn't add new qualifications (in Powell's case, that he faced legal problems) by which to deem someone eligible.
"I interpret the Powell case to mean that when the Constitution refers to 'qualifications,' or whether someone is 'qualified' for an office, that's a kind of term of art," Dorf said. "When we learn that the vice president has to have the qualifications for the office of the presidency, that is also a term of art. We look to the part of the Constitution that tells us what it takes to be qualified to be president, and not having served two prior terms is not among them."
"The 22nd Amendment, to my mind, is a sort of stand-alone provision," he continued. And that provision says "elected." "The drafters of this language knew the difference between getting elected to an office and holding an office. They could have just said 'no person may hold the office of president more than twice.' But they didn't."
Here's the interesting part, though: Dorf also notes the distinction between running for the vice presidency and becoming vice president. I asked him where a challenge would arise to a Biden-Obama candidacy, and his response was that it would come up at the Electoral College -- or once Congress was asked to certify the already-voted-upon results. There's a completely valid argument to be made that the country would never elect Barack Obama as vice president, of course, in part because is seeming to violate the spirit of the 22nd amendment. But if we did, it wouldn't actually become a constitutional question until after Election Day. Remember: We don't elect the president and vice president; the Electoral College does.
Meaning that, in theory, Hillary Clinton or Joe Biden could name anyone as their running mate. Hillary Clinton could run with Charlotte Mezvinsky, her infant granddaughter. The granddaughter couldn't serve, given that she doesn't meet the Constitutional standard for the presidency (being 35 years old) -- but she can run.
That's assuming that young Ms. Mezvinsky were allowed to be on the ballot in the necessary states. State electoral processes differ and the states are allowed to decide what qualifications are required to appear on their ballots. Not being potty-trained might end up being one.
If you're curious, as I was, it's a slightly different situation if, say, George W. Bush ran for the House and was elected House speaker and then the president and vice president died -- the line of succession that puts the speaker second-in-line to the presidency. But that's a statute, meaning that it can be more easily set aside as needed. (The same would hold if the speaker of the House were less than 35 years old -- the minimum age for a president -- which is possible.)
So, in short: Yes, Joe Biden can name Barack Obama as his running mate. It's even conceivable that, if they won, they could argue their case before Congress to be seated as president and vice president. (And Hillary Clinton could name Charlotte Mezvinsky as her running mate, though Charlotte couldn't be vice president. And Jeb Bush can unquestionably name George Bush as his running mate and not even have any constitutional question arise.
Meaning George H. W. Bush, of course, who was only elected president once.
Caption:
Deposing during cross-examination in a special court in Ghaziabad, CBI Additional SP AGL Kaul, who led the second probe team, went into the motive behind the sensational double murder of 14-year old Aarushi and domestic servant Hemraj at the Noida residence of dentist couple Rajesh and Nupur Talwar on the intervening night of May 15-16, 2008. <br><br>Explaining the sequence of events which took place on the fateful night, Kaul said Rajesh heard some noise and went to Hemraj's room but did not find him there.<br><br>"There were two golf sticks lying in Hemraj's room one of which Rajesh Talwar picked up. He heard a noise from the room of Aarushi. The room door was not locked and was just shut. He opened the door and found Aarushi and Hemraj were in objectionable position on the bed of Aarushi," Kaul said in his testimony.<br><br><br>
MATALAM, North Cotabato—Unidentified gunmen shot dead a government lawyer here as he was leaving his house on Saturday, the police said.
Supt. Bernard Tayong, speaking for the North Cotabato provincial police office, identified the victim as Honorato Maso, 54, of North Cotabato‘s Public Attorney's Office (PAO).
ADVERTISEMENT
Tayong told the Inquirer that Maso was driving his Nissan pickup and was leaving his house on Gumamela St. in Barangay (village) Poblacion around 10:15 a.m. when the unidentified gunmen opened fire on him using handguns.
Maso died shortly after being rushed to the hospital, he said.
Tayong said the motive and identities of the perpetrators remained unknown as of yet.
RELATED STORIES
Lawyer killed in 10-hour San Juan hostage drama
Lawyer killed in broad daylight in busy road in QC
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Toyota announced that it is recalling around 4,000 Tacoma pickups with 4-cylinder engines due to defective valve springs.
The recall will affect only the Tacoma pickups that have a 2.7-l 4-cylinder engine. The valve springs in these engines “could develop cracks and break over time due to improper maintenance of manufacturing equipment used to make the part.”
If the valve springs break, Toyota says ‘abnormal noise and rough engine performance can be noticed.” It also might lead to the engine failing completely and stop working while the truck is being driven. YIKES!
Owners will be notified by first class mail with recall notice information and how to get it fixed under warranty. You could also call Toyota's customer service number at 1-800-331-4331 for more information.
Sounds a bit worriesome to us, we would get it looked at ASAP.
“It's a little disconcerting when I look back at the past, but the past still sounds like the future,” Moby says. “I remember when 2002 seemed like an unimaginably far time — like, really far away. Now it's like a distant past.”
Technology is, obviously, the perfect physical encapsulation of this: “Remember those multicolored clamshell laptops that Apple had?” he says. “Now they seem old and clunky, like a weird pair of sneakers. But at the time, they just represented the future. The same thing with the iPod, at the time it was so futuristic, and now it just seems like an adorable relic.”
On Sunday, Apple's original iPod celebrated the 15th anniversary of its launch on October 23, 2001. The reveal of the iPod by former Apple CEO Steve Jobs in 2001 was preceded by the usual breadcrumb trail of mystery, rumors, and leaks, with most reports pointing to a new " breakthrough digital device " coming from the company later in the month. Apple even hinted itself that "it's not a Mac."Some speculation went against rumors that the device would be an MP3 player, even suggesting it could be "something more sophisticated such as a component for a home digital stereo system." Still, most reports pointed toward the impending launch of the "iPod," a device that would allow customers to ditch their cumbersome CD players and listen to thousands of songs from one device in their pocket.In the official keynote address, Jobs referred to the Mac as the focal point of the Apple customer's digital lifestyle, with the new iPod device as the ultra-portable, music-enabled addition to that lifestyle. The iPod launched for $399 with a 5GB hard drive that could hold up to 1,000 songs, a 10-hour battery life, a black and white LCD screen, came equipped with FireWire to enable a connection between it and iTunes on a Mac, and was the size of a deck of cards (2.4" wide, 4" tall, 3/4" thick).A few individuals who were part of the iPod's launch looked back at the device over the weekend, although Apple itself remained silent on the topic. In the first official promotional video for the iPod, a collection of Apple executives and musicians -- including Phil Schiller, Jony Ive, and Moby -- are seen discussing the creation and impact of the device. Speaking with Entertainment Weekly , Moby remembers "how magical it was," and remarks on how much has changed with the iPod, and its successor in the iPhone, in 15 years.The first alternative iPod lineup, dubbed the iPod mini, debuted in 2004, followed by the iPod nano and iPod shuffle in 2005. The iPod touch was eventually introduced as a non-cellular counterpart to the company's iPhone, and became one of the longest-lasting iPod lines to date (six generations), tied with the classic line, but behind the iPod nano (seven generations).In 2016, Apple still manufactures and sells the iPod touch, iPod nano, and iPod shuffle, but the three devices have long been removed from the main toolbar navigation on its website, and are now located under "Music." The three current iPods on sale bear little resemblance to the original device's famous click wheel interface, which was mechanical in the first generation and touch-sensitive in subsequent lines. The last iPod with a click wheel, the iPod Classic, was discontinued by Apple in 2014 and marked the sixth generation of the device.The iPod began Apple's quest to make music a mainstay in its customers' lives by finding a seamless and effortless way for songs to be carried around, in opposition to the size of CD players and the general confusion at the time over how other MP3 players worked. Today, music is a bigger part of Apple than ever, with Apple Music slowly growing in subscribers and the iPhone now essentially the modern version of the original 5GB iPod from fifteen years ago.This week at a Mac-focused event, it's also expected that the company will debut the wireless " AirPods ." The Bluetooth device will be the newest implementation of its ubiquitous headphone line, which began alongside the iPod in 2001.
Color has this amazing ability to evoke emotional responses from us. From the warm glow of a sunny summer afternoon to a cool refreshing early evening in fall. We associate colors with certain moods, places, feelings, and memories (consciously or not).
Volumes have been written on color and I am in no ways even remotely qualified to speak on it. So I won't.
Instead, we are going to take a look at the use of the Curves tool in GIMP. Even though GIMP is used to demonstrate these ideas, the principles are generic to just about any RGB curve adjustments.
Your Pixels and You
First there's something you need to consider if you haven't before, and that's what goes into representing a colored pixel on your screen.
Open up an image in GIMP.
Now zoom in.
Nope - don't be shy now, zoom in more!
Aaand there's your pixel. So let's investigate what goes into making your pixel.
Remember, each pixel is represented by a combination of 3 colors: Red, Green, and Blue. In GIMP (currently at 8-bit), that means that each RGB color can have a value from 0 - 255, and combining these three colors with varying levels in each channel will result in all the colors you can see in your image.
If all three channels have a value of 255 - then the resulting color will be pure white. If all three channels have a value of 0 - then the resulting color will be pure black.
If all three channels have the same value, then you will get a shade of gray (128,128,128 would be a middle gray color for instance).
So now let's see what goes into making up your pixel:
The RGB components that mix into your final blue pixel.
As you can see, there is more blue than anything else (it is a blue-ish pixel after all), followed by green, then a dash of red. If we were to change the values of each channel, but kept ratio the same between Red, Green, and Blue, then we would keep the same color and just lighten or darken the pixel by some amount.
Curves: Value
So let's leave your pixel alone for the time being, and actually have a look at the Curves dialog. I'll be using this wonderful image by Eric from Flickr.
Opening up my Curves dialog shows me the following:
We can see that I start off with the curve for the Value of the pixels. I could also use the drop down for “Channel” to change to red, green or blue curves if I wanted to. For now let's look at Value, though.
In the main area of the dialog I am presented with a linear curve, behind which I will see a histogram of the value data for the entire image (showing the amount of each value across my image). Notice a spike in the high values on the right, and a small gap at the brightest values.
What we can do right now is to adjust the values of each pixel in the image using this curve. The best way to visualize it is to remember that the bottom range from black to white represents the current value of the pixels, and the left range is the value to be mapped to.
So to show an example of how this curve will affect your image, suppose I wanted to remap all the values in the image that were in the midtones, and to make them all lighter. I can do this by clicking on the curve near the midtones, and dragging the curve higher in the Y direction:
What this curve does is takes the values around the midtones, and pushes their values to be much lighter than they were. In this case, values around 128 were re-mapped to now be closer to 192.
Because the curve is set Smooth, there will be a gradual transition for all the tones surrounding my point to be pulled in the same direction (this makes for a smoother fall-off as opposed to an abrupt change at one value). Because there is only a single point in the curve right now, this means that all values will be pulled higher.
The results of pushing the midtones of the value curve higher (click to compare to original).
Care should be taken when fiddling with these curves to not blow things out or destroy detail, of course. I only push the curves here to illustrate what they do.
A very common curve adjustment you may hear about is to apply a slight “S” curve to your values. The effect of this curve would be to darken the dark tones, and to lighten the light tones - in effect increasing global contrast on your image. For instance, if I click on another point in the curves, and adjust the points to form a shape like so:
A slight “S” curve
This will now cause dark values to become even darker, while the light values get a small boost. The curve still passes through the midpoint, so middle tones will stay closer to what they were.
Slight “S” curve increases global contrast (click for original).
In general, I find it easiest to visualize in terms of which regions in the curve will effect different tones in your image. Here is a quick way to visualize it (that is true for value as well as RGB curves):
If there is one thing you take away from reading this, let it be the image above.
Curves: Co lo rs
So how does this apply to other channels? Let's have a look.
The exact same theory applies in the RGB channels as it did with values. The relative positions of the darks, midtones, and lights are still the same in the curve dialog. The primary difference now is that you can control the contribution of color in specific tonal regions of your image.
Value, Red, Green, Blue channel picker.
You choose which channel you want to adjust from the “Channel” drop-down.
To begin demonstrating what happens here it helps to have an idea of generally what effect you would like to apply to your image. This is often the hardest part of adjusting the color tones if you don't have a clear idea to start with.
For example, perhaps we wanted to “cool” down the shadows of our image. “Cool” shadows are commonly seen during the day in shadows out of direct sunlight. The light that does fall in shadows is mostly reflected light from a blue-ish sky, so the shadows will trend slightly more blue.
To try this, let's adjust the Blue channel to be a little more prominent in the darker tones of our image, but to get back to normal around the midtones and lighter.
Boosting blues in darker tones
Pushing up blues in darker tones (click for original).
Now, here's a question: If I wanted to “cool” the darker tones with more blue, what if I wanted to “warm” the lighter tones by adding a little yellow?
Well, there's no “Yellow” curve to modify, so how to approach that? Have a look at this HSV color wheel below:
The thing to look out for here is that opposite your blue tones on this wheel, you'll find yellow. In fact, for each of the Red, Green, and Blue channels, the opposite colors on the color wheel will show you what an absence of that color will do to your image. So remember:
Red → Cyan Green → Magenta Blue → Yellow
What this means to you while manipulating curves is that if you drag a curve for blue up, you will boost the blue in that region of your image. If instead you drag the curve for blue down, you will be removing blues (or boosting the Yellows in that region of your image).
So to boost the blues in the dark tones, but increase the yellow in the lighter tones, you could create a sort of “reverse” S-curve in the blue channel:
Boost blues in darks, boost yellow in high tones (click for original).
In the green channel for instance, you can begin to introduce more magenta into the tones by decreasing the curve. So dropping the green curve in the dark tones, and letting it settle back to normal towards the high tones will produce results like this:
Suppressing the green channel in darks/mids adds a bit of magenta
(click for original).
In isolation, these curves are fun to play with, but I think that perhaps walking through some actual examples of color toning/grading would help to illustrate what I'm talking about here. I'll choose a couple of common toning examples to show what happens when you begin mixing all three channels up.
Color Toning/Grading
Orange and Teal Hell
I use the (cinema film) term color grading here because the first adjustment we will have a look at to illustrate curves is a horrible hollywood trend that is best described by Todd Miro on his blog.
Grading is a term for color toning on film, and Todd's post is a funny look at the prevalence of orange and teal in modern film palettes. So it's worth a look just to see how silly this is (and hopefully to raise awareness of the obnoxiousness of this practice).
The general thought here is that caucasian skin tones trend towards orange, and if you have a look at a complementary color on the color wheel, you'll notice that directly opposite orange is a teal color.
Screenshot from Kuler borrowed from Todd.
If you don't already know about it, Adobe has online a fantastic tool for color visualization and palette creation called Kuler Adobe Color CC. It lets you work on colors based on some classic rules, or even generate a color palette from images. Well worth a visit and a fantastic bookmark for fiddling with color.
So a quick look at the desired effect would be to keep/boost the skin tones into a sort of orange-y pinkish color, and to push the darker tones into a teal/cyan combination. (Colorists on films tend to use a Lift, Gamma, Gain model, but we'll just try this out with our curves here).
Quick disclaimer - I am purposefully exaggerating these modifications to illustrate what they do. Like most things, moderation and restraint will go a long ways towards not causing your viewers eyeballs to bleed. Remember - light touch!
So I know that I want to see my skin tones head into an orange-ish color. In my image the skin tones are in the upper mids/low highs range of values, so I will start around there.
What I've done is put a point around the low midtones to anchor the curve closer to normal for those tones. This lets me fiddle with the red channel and to isolate it roughly to the mid and high tones only. The skin tones in this image in the red channel will fall toward the upper end of the mids, so I've boosted the reds there. Things may look a little weird at first:
If you look back at the color wheel again, you'll notice that between red and green, there is a yellow, and if you go a bit closer towards red the yellow turns to more of an orange. What this means is that if we add some more green to those same tones, the overall colors will start to shift towards an orange.
So we can switch to the green channel now, put a point in the lower midtones again to hold things around normal, and slightly boost the green. Don't boost it all the way to the reds, but about 2/3rds or so to taste.
This puts a little more red/orange-y color into the tones around the skin. You could further adjust this by perhaps including a bit more yellow as well. To do this, I would again put an anchor point in the low mid tones on the blue channel, then slightly drop the blue curve in the upper tones to introduce a bit of yellow.
Remember, we're experimenting here so feel free to try things out as we move along. I may consider the upper tones to be finished at the moment, and now I would want to look at introducing a more blue/teal color into the darker tones.
I can start by boosting a bit of blues in the dark tones. I'm going to use the anchor point I already created, and just push things up a bit.
Now I want to make the darker tones a bit more teal in color. Remember the color wheel - teal is the absence of red - so we will drop down the red channel in the lower tones as well.
And finally to push a very slight magenta into the dark tones as well, I'll push down the green channel a bit.
If I wanted to go a step further, I could also put an anchor point up close to the highest values to keep the brightest parts of the image closer to a white instead of carrying over a color cast from our previous operations.
If your previous operations also darkened the image a bit, you could also now revisit the Value channel, and make modifications there as well. In my case I bumped the midtones of the image just a bit to brighten things up slightly.
Finally to end up at something like this.
After fooling around a bit - disgusting, isn't it?
(click for original).
I am exaggerating things here to illustrate a point. Please don't do this to your photos. :)
If you'd like to download the curves file of the results we reached above, get it here:
Orange Teal Hell Color Curves
Conclusion
Remember, think about what the color curves represent in your image to help you achieve your final results. Begin looking at the different tonalities in your image and how you'd like them to appear as part of your final vision.
For even more fun - realize that the colors in your images can help to evoke emotional responses in the viewer, and adjust things accordingly. I'll leave it as an exercise for the reader to determine some of the associations between colors and different emotions.
Samsung Electronics (ssnlf) is in talks with LG Chem (lgclf) to make it one of its smartphone battery suppliers, the Chosun Ilbo newspaper said on Monday – a move that would diversify its supplier base after the failure of its Galaxy Note 7.
Samsung Electronics, the world's top smartphone maker, currently procures Note batteries from group firm Samsung SDI and China's Amperex Technology.
Chosun Ilbo quoted an industry official as saying that there was more than a 90% chance of a deal being struck and said that Samsung Electronics would likely begin procuring LG Chem batteries from the second half of next year.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
A Samsung Electronics spokeswoman did not have immediate comment on the report, while an LG Chem spokesman declined to comment.
Samsung Electronics announced the recall of 2.5 million fire-prone Note 7s in early September, a fault that was attributed to a defect in Samsung SDI battery. In October, it pulled the plug on the $882 device after replacement phones using batteries from China's Amperex Technology also caught fire.
LG Chem currently makes phone batteries for its affiliate LG Electronics and U.S. company Apple (aapl), analysts said.
The gap between the Cavs and the Raptors appears as wide as ever. Cleveland easily won Game 1 of the second-round series, blowing out Toronto with a 116–105 victory that was not as competitive as the final score would indicate. The Cavs were up 14 points at halftime, and they were up 20 when they pulled their starters with three minutes left in the fourth quarter. For all the moves Toronto made to upgrade its team, Monday's game might as well have been a replay of Game 6 of last year's Eastern Conference finals, when the Cavs ended the Raptors' season with a 113–87 thumping at the Air Canada Centre.
Cleveland looked refreshed after having had more than a week off following its sweep of the Pacers in the first round. The Cleveland defense, which was shredded by Indiana in the first round, was as active as it has been in months, and the Cavs ran off misses and turnovers from the Raptors, blowing the game open with easy baskets in transition. They trapped Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan when they came off screens, daring an isolation-heavy Toronto team that was dead last in the league in assists to move the ball and make the correct pass under duress. From a strategic perspective, it was similar to what the Bucks did to the Raptors in the first round.
Dwane Casey was able to push the right buttons to get his team out of the 2–1 hole it dug itself against Milwaukee, but it will be much more difficult this time around. The Raptors had a huge margin for error against an inexperienced Bucks team that wasn't quite ready for the bright lights of the playoffs. They have to play at their absolute best to have a chance at upsetting the Cavs. LeBron James hasn't lost a playoff series against an Eastern Conference team since 2010. Here are five takeaways from a game that was over early, and a look at the problems Toronto faces as it tries to get back in the series:
LeBron Went for the Kill Early and Never Let Up
While he has to pick and choose his spots more carefully these days, James still has plenty left in the tank when he wants to rev his engine. Chris Ryan has the breakdown of LeBron's epic steal and alley-oop dunk that happened less than three minutes into the game. LeBron knew DeRozan would make that pass before Kevin Love even arrived on the trap to get the ball out of his hands. The rest was history:
LeBron finished the game with 35 points on 13-of-23 shooting, 10 rebounds, and four assists. For all the talk of who would guard him before the start of the series, there's not much anyone can do when he's knocking down open jumpers. LeBron was locked in Monday, going 5-of-10 on shots outside of the paint and 7-of-8 from the free throw line. The Raptors had no one who could match up with him. Once LeBron got a head of steam going to the rim, even P.J. Tucker, one of the strongest players in the league, found himself bouncing off of LeBron harmlessly.
Tucker was able to draw two offensive fouls against LeBron in the fourth quarter by anticipating where he was going, beating him to the spot, and absorbing punishment. However, even though he's listed at 6-foot-6 and 245 pounds, Tucker doesn't have the size to contest LeBron at the rim. DeRozan and DeMarre Carroll are taller, but neither has the necessary combination of size, athleticism, and defensive IQ to slow down LeBron. No matter what type of adjustments Casey makes, his team doesn't have an answer for the best player in the world.
Is There a Place for Jonas Valanciunas in This Series?
Casey was forced to move Valanciunas to the bench in the last round, as the Raptors just weren't able to keep up with the Bucks when they were playing two traditional big men together. Not much has changed in the second round: the Raptors center was minus-21 in his 21 minutes in Game 1. The Cavs ran up the score in the third quarter (and led by as many as 25) by repeatedly putting Valanciunas in the pick-and-roll. He couldn't corral their ball handlers in space, and even Iman Shumpert was able to create an easy shot for the roll man against him:
The way the Cavs attacked Valanciunas had more than a passing resemblance to what the Celtics did to the Wizards' Marcin Gortat in Game 1 of their second-round series Sunday. A bigger and slower center who is uncomfortable playing defense outside of the paint is at a huge disadvantage against teams with guards who can shoot and pass off the dribble. Gortat, at least, was able to punish the Celtics for their lack of size, with 16 points and 13 rebounds. Valanciunas had only six points and six rebounds against the Cavs, and the only way he'll be able to justify his playing time is by hitting the boards and taking advantage of Cleveland's smaller front line.
The tough part for Casey is that there's no one for Valanciunas to match up against off Cleveland's bench. While the Bucks run their second-unit offense through a traditional bruiser (Greg Monroe), the Cavs' backup center is Channing Frye, one of the best 3-point-shooting big men in the league. If Valanciunas is guarding a pick-and-roll involving LeBron and Frye, the Raptors might as well concede the three points. His sheer size (7-foot and 255 pounds with a 7-foot-6 wingspan) makes him a valuable rim protector, but his inability to move his feet quickly enough may send him to the bench if he's not careful.
The Raptors Big Men Have to Make Plays Out of the Pick-and-Roll
Cleveland didn't waste any time laying down the gauntlet in this series. They sent two defenders at Lowry and DeRozan early and often, creating four-on-three opportunities the Raptors couldn't take advantage of. Draymond Green made his name making plays when opponents double-teamed Steph Curry, but there's no one with his skill set on the Raptors roster. Serge Ibaka had 15 points on 6-of-14 shooting, with many of those coming off of pick-and-pops, but he's not a natural playmaker and he tends to force shots over help rather than make the extra pass.
The Raptors' most skilled big man is Patrick Patterson, and he finished with four assists to one turnover in his 22 minutes of playing time. He couldn't hit a shot to save his life Monday, and he's averaging only 4.4 points on 29.0 percent shooting in the playoffs, but his ability to read the floor and make the right pass breathed some life into the Raptors' otherwise stagnant offense. Their best offensive stretch of the game came when they went super-small at the start of the fourth quarter, with Patterson at the 5 and Tucker at the 4.
The other interesting twist that Casey tried in the second half was using DeRozan to screen for Lowry. The one time they ran that play, it resulted in an open 3 for Tucker. Using two guards in the pick-and-roll has become an increasingly popular play over the past few years, since it puts a dangerous playmaker in the role of the screener, and forces less capable perimeter defenders to guard multiple positions. However, that still leaves big men with limited offensive game playing off the ball, unless Casey goes with a smaller lineup.
What Lineup Makes the Most Sense for the Raptors?
Replacing Valanciunas in the starting lineup with second-year guard Norman Powell in the Bucks series was the move that changed Toronto's fortunes, but it probably won't have the same effect against Cleveland. The Bucks started Giannis Antetokounmpo and Khris Middleton at the forward positions, so Powell had a lighter player he could match up with on defense. Powell, at only 6-foot-4 and 215 pounds, would struggle to guard either LeBron or Love, and in the moments that he did in Game 1, Love wasted no time taking Powell to the post and drawing a foul on him:
Love's ability to play inside and out could pose a huge problem for the Raptors in this series, since Tucker is the only one of their wing players with the bulk to bang with him in the paint. If he is guarding Love, though, that means either Carroll, Powell, or DeRozan is on LeBron, and none of the three seemed up for the challenge on Monday. Patterson should at least be able to hold his own against Love, but playing him at the 4 would still leave a relatively unskilled big man at the 5, unless Casey went outside the box and gave rookie center Jakob Poeltl, who was an elite scorer in college, some playing time.
The Raptors' options are somewhat limited, but it seems like starting the game with Ibaka and Patterson together up front and then going even smaller, with only one big man in the game on the second unit, gives them their best chance. Casey might need to live with an undersized defender against LeBron or Love for large stretches of the game, which is far from ideal, but it still beats the alternative. The worrisome aspect for Toronto fans is that these matchup problems were fairly easy to anticipate before the series even started, yet Casey leaned right into the Cavs' punch in Game 1. There's still time for him to make a few adjustments, but he can't wait until Game 4 like he did against Milwaukee.
J.R. Smith Played Great Defense
The Raptors are going to need more out of DeRozan if this series is going to be competitive. He finished Game 1 with 19 points on 7-of-16 shooting, seven rebounds, two assists, and four turnovers. His relatively limited offensive production was partly due to the Cavs game plan, but a huge part of the credit has to go to Smith, who played inspired defense for most of the night. J.R. is known more for partying and jacking 3s than playing defense, but he has the size (6-foot-6 and 225 pounds with a 6-foot-10 wingspan) and athleticism to make a positive impact on that side of the floor when he's dialed in.
DeRozan took only five free throws on Monday, a big decrease from the 8.3 attempts a game he averaged in the Bucks series. For the most part, Smith was able to stay in front of DeRozan without giving him any lanes to the basket, and then contest his jumper without fouling. DeRozan is going to make his fair share of impossible shots; the key for any defender is not giving him any free points by sending him to the line. Smith said as much before the series started to Chris Fedor of Cleveland.com: “If you can get out of the game with probably a foul or two, [DeRozan] shooting five free throws or less, that's pretty good.” These are the types of plays Smith has to keep making:
Smith's ability to defend won't just be important in this series. At this stage in his career, LeBron needs to be able to take some plays off on that side of the ball, and Kyrie Irving has never been known as a stopper in his NBA career. The Cavs need defense from their starting shooting guard, and elevating Shumpert into that role would mean being forced to rely on his inconsistent offense and outside shooting. The Cavs' defensive rating in the playoffs slips from 106.4 when Smith is in to 113.1 when he is out. Getting J.R. to defend and stay out of trouble might be one of LeBron's most impressive accomplishments.
Radio communications hampered rescue efforts in the May 2013 fire of a hotel that took the lives of four Houston firefighters, Houston Fire Department Executive Assistant Chief Richard Mann said Tuesday.
Mann said at a press conference that the department had just upgraded to a new radio communications and was still working out kinks shortly before the Southwest Inn fire, at 6855 Southwest Freeway, which remains the deadliest day in the department's history.
"Because there was no prioritization, our incident commanders had a very difficult time directing overall operations," Mann said. "Obviously, communication was at a heightened level at that point. As a service, nationwide, we've got to get better at emergency communications rather than emergency conversations."
Continue Reading
Mann said the communications overload happened after the building's roof collapsed and trapped four firefighters.
"When you have four Maydays, everyone has something critical to say. Whoever tied up that channel kept the incident commander from directing the overall scene," he said.
The press conference was called a day after local media published a final report outlining the findings and recommendations of an internal investigation. The 193-page report included approximately 200 recommendations by the Southwest Inn Recovery Committee, a task force created by HFD Chief Terry Garrison shortly after the incident.
The department has already addressed the radio communications problem, according to the report.
Garrison said his department has a reputation for using aggressive fire-suppression strategies, but denied that his firefighters take unnecessary risks. He called the department's approach "calculated aggression," saying that personnel were trained to weigh "critical knowns" like the size of the fire, time of day, and whether a structure is occupied, against "unknowns" such as infrastructural weakness and the potential presence of hazardous materials.
"There's no guesswork," Garrison said. "I'm not going to take my three best friends and go into this fire unless I absolutely have to. They did what they needed to do to place themselves in between the fire and the victims, and the destruction of property."
He added, "There was a theory ten years ago that it was okay to die in a building fire. Well, we don't have that in the Houston Fire Department. We are aggressive to the point where we are calculated with our aggression."
A five- or six-week department-wide training program will begin Sunday, and will include a briefing on what occurred during the Southwest Inn fire, as well as the resulting recommendations, Garrison said.
The firefighters union "addressed our concerns over the proposed radio upgrade in a formal letter to Fire Chief Garrison less than one month before that fatal fire," according to a statement by interim President Alvin White. He added that the union is "cautiously optimistic that these [remaining] changes can be enacted for the purpose of protecting our citizens while hopefully avoiding another tragedy...."
While some of the recommendations outlined in the draft report have already been implemented, others may be delayed or "modified due to limitations in technology, scheduling conflicts, or cost and budgetary constraints," according to the report.
Findings and recommendations include:
The GRACE Accountability System
These problems were addressed by HFD in September 2013
This system allows incident commanders to monitor individual firefighters on scene, as well as store data for future review. However, one unit's GRACE "command box" lost power (its battery ran down) and the data was not stored.
Adding to the confusion, there was no consistent "accountability officer" on hand to monitor the GRACE system. Instead, the position was transferred several times. "This resulted in numerous members being assigned to operate the GRACE Command box," according to the report.
Although the system allows individual firefighters to give "personal accountability reports," "Crews were unable to conduct Personal Accountability Reports...over the radio because of the high volume of radio traffic."
The Scott E-Z RadioComm System
Upgrades may be available in the 3rd quarter of 2014
This system attaches to a firefighter's self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA). But, possibly due to a change in manufacturer, "non-functioning components" have been turned in "at alarming rates," according to the report.
The committee recommended that HFD "needs to invest the time and money necessary to research all new technology that is available in enhanced communication equipment."
Water Supply
Seven minutes after arriving on scene, the first firefighters to enter the building had to retreat when it was discovered their engine only had a quarter-tank of water and no positive water supply had been established. A supply was tapped one minute later, and the engine operator reported that the crew would re-enter the building.
The committee recommended that training officers "should be scheduling and conducting routine water supply drills on a consistent basis."
Cause and Origin of Fire
(The full report includes a two-page preliminary briefing by Houston Arson Bureau Assistant Chief Leocadio Gonzales. The official report is still pending.)
Local, state and federal investigators listed the cause as "undetermined," but they "agree there is no evidence at the present time to indicate the fire was deliberately started."
Witness interviews and testing by investigators "determined the fire originated in the attic space/crawl space above the [restaurant's] kitchen area adjacent to the utility room," the report states.
Killed in the fire were Senior Captain Matthew Renaud, 35, a 12-year veteran; Engineer Operator Robert Bebee, 41, a 12-year-veteran; Firefighter Robert Garner, 29, a three-year veteran who had also served two tours in Iraq with the U.S. Air Force; and Probationary Firefighter Anne Sullivan, 24, who had joined the department in January 2013.
Matthew Todd Wallis
Matthew Todd Wallis, 30, of Ogden, Utah, pleaded guilty to oral sexual battery on Wednesday, Jan. 28, 2015. The crime, which occurred between 1999 and 2000, was covered up by the then-teenager's parents and also possibly by a bishop in Harvey, according to the Plaquemines Sheriff's Office.
(Courtesy of Plaquemines Sheriff's Office)
A former Belle Chasse resident admitted in court Wednesday (Jan. 28) to sexually abusing a young girl, authorities said.
Matthew Todd Wallis, 30, of Ogden, Utah, pleaded guilty to oral sexual battery and he is set to remain in jail without bond pending his March 25 sentencing, according to the Plaquemines Parish Sheriff's Office.
The crimes, which occurred between 1999 and 2000, were covered up by his parents and also possibly by a bishop in Harvey, according to the Sheriff's Office. Wallis was of 15 and 16 years old during that period, and the victim was 4 and 5 years old, authorities said.
The victim reported the crime to Plaquemines authorities in May 2014. Following a five-month investigation by Detectives Aaron Verrette and Sean Burbano, Wallis was arrested at his Utah home in September.
He was arrested for forcing the girl to perform oral sex on him, according to the Sheriff's Office. He also was accused of performing oral sex on her during that same period, touching her genitals, and making her touch his genitals, authorities said.
At the time of his arrest, Wallis had owned a computer consulting business in Utah. Wallis's parents also were living in Utah, authorities said.
Witnesses told police last year that Wallis had videotaped one of his sexual crimes, and that the tape had been brought to his mother's attention. Wallis's mother had chastised those who found it and later had told a family member that she burned the tape to destroy the evidence and "make this all just go away,'' according to the Sheriff's Office.
Around the same period in which Wallis abused the girl, between 1999 and 2000, a second victim reported to a bishop of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in Harvey that she had been assaulted by Wallis, according to the Sheriff's Office.
Authorities said Wallis later met with that bishop possibly to "confess his sins'' and go through a "repentance program.'' One of the bishops at the church during that period acknowledged knowing the Wallis family, but he told investigators that he did not remember being told about any sexual abuse committed by Wallis, the Sheriff's Office said.
Sheriff's detectives learned that there had been another bishop assigned to the church during that same time period, who now is deceased. Investigators suspect that he was the bishop "who absolved Wallis of his sins," authorities said.
While parents confessed to detectives that they had destroyed the tape and sent Wallis to a bishop for counseling, they were not prosecuted because the statute of limitations on an obstruction of justice charge had expired, according to the Sheriff's Office.
The Sheriff's Office on Thursday (Jan. 29) urged other victims or individuals with information on possible sexual crimes committed by Wallis to contact Detective Aaron Verrette at 504.564.2525 or 504.297.5277, or Crimestoppers at 504.822.1111.
Crimestoppers is offering up to a $2,500 reward for information on the investigation or other crimes. Callers do not have to give their name or testify to receive that cash reward.
THE mounting toll of innocents in Gaza is reason enough for anyone with compassion to demand a ceasefire. Since July 8th, when Israel began its campaign to clobber Hamas, the Palestinian Islamist movement that has run the Gaza Strip since 2007, at least 700 Palestinians have been killed, most of them civilians and many of them children, along with at least 35 Israelis, including three civilians. After Israel undertook a ground invasion of Gaza on July 18th, the casualty rate on both sides soared. Hospitals have been hit and scores of buildings flattened, often with civilians inside. A Palestinian family of 25, said to have been hosting a Hamas fighter during a supper to break the Ramadan fast, was wiped out.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Yet it would be a grievous mistake to bring about a ceasefire that achieved nothing more than to revert to the status quo. In the longer run, if a more durable peace is to be built, the Israelis must seek a sovereign state for Palestinians, who, including Hamas, must in turn reiterate their support for a government that disavows violence and recognises Israel. Unless a ceasefire is couched in such terms, the poison will in time well up all over again and the cycle of violence will resume, as it has done repeatedly since 2007.
Only three months ago talks on a peace deal foundered. Could it be any different this time? One reason to think so is that both sides have seen how that collapse paved the way for a war that neither really wanted and which is now causing higher military casualties than Israel had been expecting.
The talks broke down chiefly because of Israel, said John Kerry, their sponsor and America's secretary of state. In frustration, Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinians' moderate leader, formed a unity government that Hamas was persuaded to back. Whereas America cautiously welcomed this development, Binyamin Netanyahu, Israel's prime minister, railed against it, fearing a united Palestinian front. When on June 12th three Israeli students were kidnapped and murdered on the West Bank, Mr Netanyahu instantly blamed the crime on Hamas, which unusually refused to claim responsibility for it, and rounded up at least 500 of the group's members. Its retaliation, the multiplying rocket fire at Israel, led Mr Netanyahu to unleash his assault on Gaza.
The Israelis' first stated military aim is the legitimate one of destroying Hamas's stockpile of rockets, thousands of which have been fired indiscriminately—indeed, criminally and foolishly—into Israel in the past decade, killing around a score of Israelis and frightening millions more, as the missiles' range and sophistication have increased. A newer aim, also legitimate, is to destroy Hamas's military infrastructure, especially the tunnels that provide access to Israeli territory in the hope—among other things—of sending in guerrillas to murder Israelis, or kidnap them to barter for Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails.
But war is about conduct as well as aims. Israel is wrong to hit buildings with no evident military purpose and houses packed with civilians, even if they harbour Hamas fighters or officials and the army gives warnings. It may also be counterproductive. Hamas knows that, as the death toll among its own people rises, it has a better chance to promote its cause.
The world's biggest open-air prison
To stop the fighting Hamas must promise not to fire its rockets into Israel. But in return Israel should agree to honour an agreement dating to 2012 to lift the siege that has immiserated Gaza's inhabitants since 2007 in an effort to enfeeble Hamas. And it should free, or put on trial, some of the hundreds of Hamas prisoners rounded up in the past month or so on the West Bank, the bigger bit of a would-be Palestinian state.
But the catastrophe befalling Gaza stems fundamentally from the refusal of Israel to negotiate in good faith to let the Palestinians have a proper state encompassing both Gaza and the West Bank. Mr Netanyahu still allows the building of Jewish settlements there, which makes a workable Palestinian state ever less likely to emerge.
Real mediation must be resumed. Egypt has to be involved, since it shares with Israel the keys to the prison that is Gaza, but its new military rulers hate the Islamists of Hamas as much as Israel does. Turkey and Qatar can help prod Hamas towards moderation but are loathed by Israel. America is still the one actor that has the weight, however diminished, to bring everyone to the table. Though bruised by his previous fruitless efforts, Mr Kerry must do more than just stop the rockets.
Soup kitchen operator feeding the hungry in Republic of Ireland shuts premises after jail threat BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The operator of the network of Twist soup kitchens has avoided the threat of jail by shutting down one of his soup kitchens. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/republic-of-ireland/soup-kitchen-operator-feeding-the-hungry-in-republic-of-ireland-shuts-premises-after-jail-threat-29579554.html
Email
The operator of the network of Twist soup kitchens has avoided the threat of jail by shutting down one of his soup kitchens.
Last week, Ennis Town Council told Oliver Williams, a former helicopter pilot, that he could face a six-month prison term or a large fine of up to €12,697 if convicted of operating an unauthorised soup kitchen in the Co Clare town.
In a warning letter, it told Mr Williams his soup kitchen operating at St Flannan's Terrace, Clonroad Beg, Ennis did not have planning permission.
Yesterday, Mr Williams confirmed he has shut down the soup kitchen and would not be seeking planning retention.
"The real losers in this are the people in Ennis who need the service and there is a demand," he said.
Mr Williams was himself homeless while living in London in the 1980s.
“Like everyone else, I've experienced hard times. And you don't have to look too hard to see that the most vulnerable in our society are being hit the hardest by the economic crisis.”
The Irish government recently revealed that 10 percent of the population is living in a state of “food poverty.”
Oliver Williams: Soup Kitchens 2013 from Paula Geraghty on Vimeo.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
The main reason the Saints lost to Seattle so badly is the same as the reason the Saints beat the Panthers so badly: Magic primetime home field juju or whatever.
But the reason the Saints offense struggled against Seattle, specifically, when ignoring the magic home field juju, was the matchup between the Seahawks' secondary and the Saints' receivers. Mostly, it's as simple as the fact the Saints kept losing individual battles on the perimeter of the field.
Here's a quick example:
First problem: Marques Colston was unable to get cleanly off the line. His movements were dictated by the physical presence of Richard Sherman, who is just about as big and strong as Colston. Because Sherman is so quick, too, Colston never really gains any separation. And whatever separation he's able to get by sliding inside is negated by Seattle defensive lineman Chris Clemons, who drops into coverage.
At the same time, on the opposite side of the formation, the Seahawks somehow cover both Jimmy Graham and Robert Meachem with two defenders in positions to attack either of them if the ball goes their way, while still sending five pass rushers after Drew Brees.
It's one of those plays where the defense seems to have 15 players on the field. It happens against teams like Seattle, like San Francisco, like the Jets or, when Aqib Talib is involved, like the Patriots.
A great defensive line used to be enough to bog the Saints offense down. It doesn't seem to be the real kryptonite anymore. Carolina has arguably a better defensive front than Seattle or San Francisco, but they don't have either teams's secondary.
Here's what happened to Carolina:
The moment Colston caught this pass, the rout was on. The game was no longer competitive.
It doesn't take a sharp eye for football tactics to see how differently this play looks from the outset. The only time a Panthers defensive back gets close, Colston separates easily.
Underneath that coverage, Darren Sproles is open too, and might have challenged for a first down with some nimble running after the catch, had the pass gone his way.
Up top, Jimmy Graham easily beats contact at the line of scrimmage, barely slowing down: he's open enough for a Brees pass too.
Sure, the pass protection was solid, but not perfect; another instant or two without an open receiver and it probably would have gotten to Brees and ended the series. That's the sort of thing that happened against Seattle: Receivers just never came open.
This is a clear matchup issue, and there's both good and bad news. The good news is few teams have the personnel to beat the Saints' weapons this way. The bad news is the team best equipped to do it is Seattle.
It's a mistake, though, for us to assume the Saints just can't win such matchups. Jimmy Graham and Darren Sproles in particular can beat guys one on one. It might take creative scheming to put the players into the right spots, but that's where Sean Payton, offensive genius, becomes important.
Basically, you can soundly beat the Saints offense.
But don't assume you can do it twice.
Is it really surprising to discover that Texas has a thriving wine industry? As of 2016, Texas has more than 360 wineries and is the fourth largest wine producing state. (Sip on that, New York!) Hill Country gets the rep for being a wine place, but the majority of Texas vineyards are out west. To meet the growing demand, the Texas wine world is expanding, and now you can find wineries much closer to home, whether their vineyards are on site or further afield.
Obviously, Grapevine is DFW's wine capital, with ten (or more) active wineries, but we also easily found four wineries in McKinney and three in nearby Celina. There are half a dozen or more in Dallas and Fort Worth. You might also expect to find wineries in some of DFW's outlying suburbs. We found those as well as a few that may be practically in your own backyard.
Ten days ago, it was a tongue in cheek suggestion that the Reserve Bank of India should lease their gold in a last ditch effort to procure much needed USD and keep the economic engine going. Then it was an offer so good, the citizens could simply refuse (or maybe not if it was enforced) that the millions of ounces of local wealth preserving gold be converted into Rupees in a wholesale gold purchasing campaign by the domestic banks. Now, the India Times, reports that as the dollar-starved desperation deepens, the local central bank is "discussing with banks on how to convince temple trusts to deposit their hoard of idle jewellery that could be converted into bullion." In other words, the government is going for the sacred gold which will be sold to keep the petrodollar economy functioning for another several months. Surely, yet another "transitory" measure.
From the Times of India:
With all efforts to arrest the rupee's slide coming to a naught, policymakers now plan to knock on the doors of temples - from Tirupati to Shirdi - seeking a boon to feed Indians' fetish for gold without importing it. The Reserve Bank of India, which has been making gold imports more difficult through a series of restrictions, is discussing with banks on how to convince temple trusts to deposit their hoard of idle jewellery that could be converted into bullion, said two bankers familiar with the matter. They refused to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the issue. The Tirupati temple in Andhra Pradesh, Shirdi Sai Baba temple in Maharashtra, Siddhivinayak at Mumbai and Padmanabhaswamy temple in Thiruvananthapuram are among the richest in India with huge reserves of gold and precious metals.
The gold in question is copious:
The roofs of many temples, such as the Nataraja temple in Chidambaram, Tamil Nadu, and Tirupati are covered with gold. RBI is counting on banks handling the accounts of these temple trusts to convince them to convert their huge gold deposits into cash, the bankers said. Tirupati is among the world's richest temples with an estimated gold hoard of about 1,000 tonnes, nearly double of India's estimated imports this year. The country, as a whole, is estimated to have a gold stock of 18,000-30,000 tonnes. The temple trusts, however, do not seem inclined towards such a plan, at least for now.
Still, such a proposal will hardly be met with enthusiasm:
There is no certainty of any deal with the temple trusts, given the diverse nature of these trusts and the local politics involved. "The idea is that a designated bank may buy gold from a temple trust and the ornaments will be converted into bullion. These may be bought by RBI by selling rupees," said one of the bankers quoted above. RBI did not respond to an email seeking comment. Gold imports worth $53.6 billion last year are blamed for the rupee's slide, accounting for 61% of the current account deficit in fiscal 2013. Although the government and RBI acknowledged that high inflation provoked investors to chase gold, both have of late been trying to discourage imports of the precious metal. The rupee lost nearly a quarter of its value this year, but has since recovered. "The finance minister and RBI governor should jointly - and immediately - approach the trustees of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD)," said Jamal Mecklai, chief executive of Mecklai Financial. "Three of these (trustees) are state government appointees, and given the current political dispensation this is a distinct advantage. They should, of course, offer prayers. That will be an opportunity for the hugely rich trusts to make additional amounts of money."
It would be ironic if the central bank religion suddenly finds itself under the control and sway of trua religion, in this case that of Hindusim. The only question that remains is on whose side would any specific enforcer of such a plan - in this case the military - be should the RBI indeed proceed down this path.
After viewing it live and twice on TV Ross weighs in on Palin's speech:
Instead of opening new vistas for conservative politics, it reinforced the perception - which is unfair, but not all that unfair - that the only thing John McCain's GOP has to offer on the domestic front is a big yes to drilling, an end to earmarks, and a big no to Obama's tax increases. It's possible that this is enough of a message to win this Presidential election; it's definitely not enough of a message to rebuild the GOP over the long haul. Sarah Palin gave the kind of speech she had to give, and good for her. But I hope she has some other kinds of speeches in her.
I feel for Ross as I feel for serious conservative foreign policy thinkers right now. This pick is so unserious in so many ways it is as much an insult to intelligent conservatives as it is to the rest of the country.
And I have one nagging question: we are told she is a reformer. Can anyone tell me anything she has actually reformed?
Yes, she won against an aging, decrepit corrupt Republican party establishment on populist boilerplate. But this was simply in her own self-interest as a rising Pentecostalist politician. Yes, she championed new ethical standards for pols - but her record in that matter is no different than Obama's, only he did it on a national stage. She then gave everyone in the state a big check from oil revenues. I could do that. So could you.
Is that it? The more I reflect on this decision by McCain, the more insane and reckless and shallow it gets. I've always respected McCain, even when I disagreed with him. I find it very hard to square that with this decision.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
In July 2015, the Obama administration released proposed rules aimed at diversifying white neighborhoods and putting a stop to so-called “segregated living patterns” around the nation. In April 2016, the Obama administration sent out a stern warning to landlords around the country, telling them they couldn't automatically turn away convicted felons because doing so could be perceived as racial discrimination – the logic being that too many blacks and minorities are unfairly imprisoned as it is.
And now?
As Paul Sperry with the New York Post found, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro is setting in motion a means to divert Section 8 housing funding to rich areas – read, predominantly Caucasian – and give financially strapped homeowner hopefuls “mobility counselors” who can help find them the McMansions of their dreams. As Sperry noted, Castro's plan moves forward even as a “similar program tested a few years ago in Dallas has been blamed for shifting violent crime to affluent neighborhoods.”
From a macro-perspective, these recent regulatory moves demonstrate exactly why the government and housing don't mix – the larger the federal role, the littler the individual freedom. Once government comes in, unfettered free markets go out, and in all matters of real estate, it'd be worthwhile to apply Ronald Reagan's famous quip: The government is not the solution to the problem; the government is the problem. Developers, renters, landlords and buyers ought to make the decision on what to build and what and where to buy, not the bureaucrats in Washington, D.C.
But from a micro-perspective, the issue becomes even cloudier – and darker.
Cheryl Chumley's latest book takes on the Washington behemoth head-on. Don't miss her guidebook for turning back the disastrous effects of Big Government: “The Devil in D.C.: Winning Back the Country from the Beast in Washington”
What's going on at HUD is simply a reflection of President Obama's own biases and his personal crusade to right what he perceives as a wrong – the failure of white America to justly treat black America.
We saw this in Obama's first term when he called out a white Cambridge police officer for “acting stupidly” during the arrest of a black Harvard University professor for disorderly conduct, and likening the event to America's “long history” of “disproportionately” stopping “African-Americans and Latinos” for law enforcement matters – despite admitting in the same breath he didn't know “all the facts” of the event.
We saw this in Obama's second term when he furthered the Black Lives Matter mantra – which was based on a lie about how a white Ferguson, Missouri, police officer ultimately shot and killed a black teenage suspect – to the point of ordering his Justice Department to investigate and oversee police departments around the nation, all the while saying the “African-American community is not just making this up” about discriminatory cops.
Now we're seeing that same attitude played out at HUD – and it goes something like this: Suburbs are white because the white powers-that-be purposely keep out blacks and other minorities. And it's going to take Obama and the federal government to level the playing field and bring about a socially just resolution.
Or, as Rush Limbaugh just put it in his apt analysis: It's all about the control.
“This is more regulation from Housing and Urban Development – faceless, nameless bureaucrats, bringing inner city dwellers into your suburban neighborhood,” Limbaugh said, during a recent radio broadcast. “It's already been established by government's own studies to be disastrous … but that's not going to stop them from doing it anyway, because that's the objective, when you get right down to it. They don't care. They don't care about the circumstances of people. They care about having power over people.”
Forget the notion of a home being a homeowner's castle. Forget the idea of private property rights being sacrosanct; once they're not, doors to tyranny crack open. Forget the Constitution and the failure of that sacred text to contain any authorities for HUD and the executive to assume these housing-market controls – or for HUD to exist, for that matter. This is free-market America, Obama style, and what that means for the average homeowner, home renter, developer, mortgager and landlord is this: Social justice trumps all. And while all Americans have rights, some Americans have a little bit more rights than others.
Cheryl Chumley's latest book takes on the Washington behemoth head-on. Don't miss her guidebook for turning back the disastrous effects of Big Government: “The Devil in D.C.: Winning Back the Country from the Beast in Washington”
By - -
La Putnisite (o Putnisita para los amigos) es un mineral hermoso y desconocido (hasta ahora), de un bonito color púrpura traslúcido, que ha sido descubierto en una remota región del oeste de Australia. Contiene estroncio, calcio, cromo, azufre, carbono, oxígeno e hidrógeno, una combinación muy inusual.
Mientras docenas de nuevos minerales se descubren cada año, es extraño encontrar uno tan poco relacionado con otras sustancias ya conocidas. “La mayoría de los minerales pertenece a una familia o pequeño grupo de minerales relacionados, o si no están relacionados con otros materiales suelen estarlo con algún compuesto sintético — pero la Putnisita es completamente única y no relacionada con nada”, dice Peter Elliott, co-autor del estudio que describe esta nueva sustancia e investigador del ‘South Australian Museum‘ y de la Universidad de Adelaide. “La naturaleza parece ser bastante más astuta que cualquier investigador en un laboratorio a la hora de crear nuevos químicos.”
La Putnisita se ve como pequeños cristales semi-cúbicos y suele encontrarse al interior del cuarzo. Es relaticamente suave, con una dureza de Mohs de 1.5 a 2 (de 10), comparable al yeso. Se desconoce si este nuevo mineral podría tener aplicaciones comerciales.
La Putnisita fue descubierta durante la prospección de una mina en el lago Cowan en el sudoeste de Australia, y fue nombrada en honor a los mineralogistas Andrew y Christine Putnis. Usualmente, los nombres de los nuevos minerales son propuestos por sus descubridores, como en este caso, pero deben ser aprobados por la Asociación Internacional de Mineralogía.
Pueden encontrar el artículo de Elliott en la ‘Mineralogical Magazine” y más datos sobre este mineral en mindat.org.
Fuente: Popular Science
[Scientology attorney Monique Yingling vs. Winter the Dolphin]
Rod Keller sifted through the wreckage of what happened yesterday down in Pinellas County, and it's not pretty…
Yesterday in Florida, the Pinellas County Board of Commissioners met to discuss, among other matters, a windfall of cash. The county has almost $86 million that has been collected in a tourist tax, and the state mandates that the money be spent on a sort of wish list — capital improvement projects that otherwise wouldn't get funding. So, during its meeting yesterday, the board was hearing from applicants who were in line to receive the money, such as the Toronto Blue Jays baseball team, which plays its spring training in Pinellas County. Team president Mark Shapiro was even on hand to encourage the commissioners to approve $46.5 million in funding to help the team improve its Dunedin stadium.
The second largest share of the cash — $26 million — is slated for the Clearwater Marine Aquarium to help it complete a major expansion, but during the meeting no one from the public took the opportunity to speak for or against it.
We expected that someone might speak against the aquarium funding because just the day before, the Church of Scientology had delivered to the county commissioners a vicious attack on the aquarium in the form of a seven-page letter from Scientology attorney Monique Yingling.
Yingling accused the aquarium of fabricating claims about the economic benefits it provides the county. She said that the aquarium was breaching its obligation as a non-profit organization, and she called for a government investigation of aquarium officials. She said that the aquarium overpays its Chief Executive Officer, David Yates, and that it fails to pay taxes on items purchased at its gift shop. “The stench of commerciality pervades its operations,” Yingling wrote. “The Commission should consider all of these relevant facts before making a decision to provide additional millions of dollars from the Tourist Development Trust to the CMA.”
Advertisement
The aquarium is best known for being home to Winter the dolphin, star of Dolphin Tale and Dolphin Tale 2 and a beloved figure to children everywhere. But for some reason, Scientology doesn't want Winter's facility to get county money for its expansion.
We asked aquarium CEO David Yates about Yingling's accusations. “This letter is false, inflammatory, out of context and provably false,” he said. “It is unfortunate that the church chooses to attack CMA, a top rated nonprofit and community asset a few days after we sold our downtown property to the City. We are considering all options and will clearly respond one way or another.”
If you've been following along with our coverage of Clearwater's downtown, you can guess why Scientology is trying to poison the county against the aquarium. The church is still smarting after the decision last week by Clearwater's city council to approve the $4.25 million purchase of a 1.4-acre lot owned by the aquarium that sits next to City Hall. At one time, the aquarium hoped to move to the downtown location to capitalize on Winter's fame. But the church worked behind the scenes to kill that deal, leaving the aquarium with the parcel that it then had no use for.
Scientology didn't want the aquarium relocating downtown because the parcel is also adjacent to two of Scientology's most important properties, the Fort Harrison Hotel and the Oak Cove Hotel, where wealthy church members come from around the world to take expensive courses at Scientology's “Flag Land Base.” Scientology first moved into Clearwater under a fake name in 1975, and has bought up more than 20 properties downtown since then, which critics say has caused it to become a lifeless city core.
The aquarium agreed to sell the 1.4-acre parcel to the city as part of “Imagine Clearwater,” a 10-year, $55-million municipal effort to bring life back to the city center. Scientology countered by offering $15 million for the parcel, but the aquarium, clearly not wanting to do business with the church, stuck by its commitment to sell to the city. Scientology leader David Miscavige claimed that he wanted the parcel for a swimming pool to be used by Oak Cove guests, but former Scientology spokesman Mike Rinder says the real reason is to keep non-Scientologists away.
[Kelly Preston poses with Lucky Anchor Irish Pub owner Clay Irwin in downtown Clearwater]
Miscavige personally led the lobbying effort against the sale to the city in the days leading up to the council vote, even bringing out church celebrities John Travolta, Kelly Preston, Kirstie Alley and pianist Chick Corea to meet with downtown property owners. According to reporting by Tampa Bay Times journalist Tracey McManus, Miscavige even accused the aquarium of acting out of prejudice against Scientology in refusing to sell to the church. She reported that city councilman Bob Cundiff was told by Miscavige that “he thought they would not sell because someone on the CMA board was a born-again Christian and hated the Scientologists.”
Despite that heavy-handed campaign by Miscavige, last week the city council approved the parcel's purchase. In retaliation, Scientology has followed founder L. Ron Hubbard's playbook and looked for another way to poison the deal. Late on Monday the church delivered Yingling's letter and a “dead agent pack” of supporting documents to the county commissioners as they considered the $26 million grant to the aquarium over the next three years from the Tourist Development Trust Fund. The fund takes in taxes on hotels and short term rentals, and is mandated by the state to be spent on projects to improve Florida's massive tourist industry. Downtown Clearwater may be dead, but Clearwater Beach is booming, and nearly $86 million is now available for tourist attractions like baseball and museums.
We watched the meeting closely to see if Yingling's attack had any effect.
[Pinellas County Commission Vice Chair Kenneth T. Welch]
But when the subject of the $26 million for the aquarium came up, the commissioners expressed universal praise for the facility, and also praised CEO Yates for communicating with them so reliably.
Then, Vice Chair Kenneth Welch made the only allusion to the Scientology attack.
“I got a whole box of documentation yesterday,” he said. “That's not good timing.” That was echoed by Chairwoman Janet Long, who said, “Yes, we make these decisions way ahead of time.” And with that, the board moved that the payment proposal continue to the next step, so county staff can negotiate terms with the aquarium as it moves to a final vote.
Scientology's smear hadn't slowed it down at all.
Miscavige's purpose in this sneak attack is clear. Having lost the battle at the city level, Miscavige is retaliating the only way Scientology knows how — by following L. Ron Hubbard's playbook. Expect more interference to come.
— Rod Keller
Thank you, Rod. We also enjoyed Mike Rinder's comments on Scientology's little gambit here. And we wanted to point out something else. Yes, David Yates appears to have a high salary for the CEO of a non-profit. But we can tell you with some confidence that Yates would swap his own salary with Monique Yingling's in a second.
Keep that in mind as you read Yingling's unhinged attack on a non-profit organization that is transparent about its finances and does what it can to bring tourists into Clearwater, as opposed to the secretive organization doing everything it can chase people away that Yingling works for…
Scientology letter attacking Clearwater Aquarium by Tony Ortega on Scribd
——————–
Leah Remini's fabulous nails get a spin-off
During Leah Remini's first season of Scientology and the Aftermath at A&E, we monitored Twitter while episodes were airing, and we saw it come up again and again: What's with her amazing nails! So maybe it's not a surprise that Leah's manicures appear to have inspired their own homage at the Hollywood Fringe Festival.
“A fictionalized account of actress/activist/icon, Leah Remini, as she struggles to make the world a better place, stomp out bullies, and speak truth to power – all the while maintaining perfect makeup and hair. Come for the manicures, stay for the songs!”
Produced by comedian Julia Wackenheim, the show was written by Jeffrey McCrann (book) and Robert Hill (music). A casting call for actors went out earlier this month, looking to fill these roles…
Yeah, sure, why not.
——————–
Countdown to Denver!
HowdyCon 2017: Denver, June 23-25. Go here to start making your plans.
——————–
——————–
Posted by Tony Ortega on April 26, 2017 at 07:00
E-mail tips and story ideas to tonyo94 AT gmail DOT com or follow us on Twitter. We post behind-the-scenes updates at our Facebook author page. After every new story we send out an alert to our e-mail list and our FB page.
Our book, The Unbreakable Miss Lovely: How the Church of Scientology tried to destroy Paulette Cooper, is on sale at Amazon in paperback, Kindle, and audiobook versions. We've posted photographs of Paulette and scenes from her life at a separate location. Reader Sookie put together a complete index. More information about the book, and our 2015 book tour, can also be found at the book's dedicated page.
The Best of the Underground Bunker, 1995-2016 Just starting out here? We've picked out the most important stories we've covered here at the Undergound Bunker (2012-2016), The Village Voice (2008-2012), New Times Los Angeles (1999-2002) and the Phoenix New Times (1995-1999)
Learn about Scientology with our numerous series with experts…
BLOGGING DIANETICS: We read Scientology's founding text cover to cover with the help of L.A. attorney and former church member Vance Woodward
UP THE BRIDGE: Claire Headley and Bruce Hines train us as Scientologists
GETTING OUR ETHICS IN: Jefferson Hawkins explains Scientology's system of justice
SCIENTOLOGY MYTHBUSTING: Historian Jon Atack discusses key Scientology concepts
Other links: Shelly Miscavige, ten years gone | The Lisa McPherson story told in real time | The Cathriona White stories | The Leah Remini ‘Knowledge Reports' | Hear audio of a Scientology excommunication | Scientology's little day care of horrors | Whatever happened to Steve Fishman? | Felony charges for Scientology's drug rehab scam | Why Scientology digs bomb-proof vaults in the desert | PZ Myers reads L. Ron Hubbard's “A History of Man” | Scientology's Master Spies | Scientology's Private Dancer | The mystery of the richest Scientologist and his wayward sons | Scientology's shocking mistreatment of the mentally ill | Scientology boasts about assistance from Google | The Underground Bunker's Official Theme Song | The Underground Bunker FAQ
Our Guide to Alex Gibney's film ‘Going Clear,' and our pages about its principal figures…
Jason Beghe | Tom DeVocht | Sara Goldberg | Paul Haggis | Mark “Marty” Rathbun | Mike Rinder | Spanky Taylor | Hana Whitfield
Google continues to make its interest in virtual reality more and more apparent. Last year, the Silicon Valley super giant formed an official VR division within its secretive walls and appointed Clay Bavor as its head. Fast forward to today and Google's VR platform, dubbed Daydream is in full swing. The Daydream View headset hit the shelves in early November and made Google an official competitor with Samsung and Oculus for the mobile VR marketplace. Now, Google is expanding its library of smartphone powered VR headsets through the revelation of a second headset manufactured by the Chinese electronics giant: Huawei.
From the start, Google made it clear that Daydream would be a VR platform that other electronics manufacturers would eventually participate in with hardware of their own. It's now clear that Huawei will be the first partner OEM to join Google in the race for mobile VR supremacy.
The new headset was unveiled via a Google blog post announcing an expanded suite of Daydream ready products. The post explains the specs of the Huawei headset more completely, explaining that:
“Huawei has been working on a Daydream-ready headset for launch at a later date. The Huawei VR headset is built to be easy to use. It has an adjustable focus so it can be used without eyeglasses, and provides a 95° field of view. By bringing new headsets onto the Daydream platform, we hope to give consumers even more choice in how they enjoy VR.”
The focus dial, and overall form factor of the Huawei manufactured device is reminiscent of a last-generation Samsung Gear VR. The picture also indicates that Huawei's headset will also be taking advantage of the Google VR motion controller that features as a cornerstone of the Daydream ecosystem.
In addition to the Huawei headset, Google is also announcing four new Daydream ready smartphones from Huawei, Zenfone and Axon.
Tagged with: blog, Daydream, google, Headset, Huawei, view
This may have raised more questions than it answered! What are the real agendas, and who is the Dragon?
These are just our first thoughts about this Once Upon a Time episode. We'll share more about “Selfless, Brave, and True” in our upcoming full episode live on Wednesday, March 27, at 8:30 p.m. (EDT/GMT-4).
Sponsor: Test drive the next evolution in TV with SimulTV!
While Mary Margaret goes off on her own in an attempt to come to grips with what she did to Cora and how her deed has affected her, she stumbles upon August, who has hidden himself away from the others and is completely made of wood—ashamed at the actions he has taken in life; and Emma is shocked when Neal invites his fiancée, Tamara, to come to Storybrooke. Meanwhile, before the curse was cast, August is introduced to a man of magic who may be able to prevent him from turning back into wood—but at a steep price.
Thanks for supporting us!
Malchore
Tappnbrd
Dena81 (subscriber)
You can sponsor ONCE podcast, too!
Initial reactions
Some of our interesting discussion points (in no particular order):
Tamara is “Her”! Good job to everyone who theorized that, even though Daniel disagreed. (Good thing he didn't bet coffee on this, too!)
What does Tamara want with magic? Does Greg really know Tamara's plans? Neal is certainly oblivious to being used by Tamara.
It sounded like August wants Emma and Neal back together, because he would feel redeemed by correcting how he separated them before.
Who is the Dragon and how did he get here? Could he be Mushu from Mulan? Has he just been helping the helpless, or those somehow afflicted by magic? How does he know August's history?
Snow is losing her control as her heart is darkening. (Sidenote: we realized we've never seen Regina's or Rumplestiltskin's hearts, and Cora's was out of her body before she turned so evil.)
August is now back to a real boy! WHAT?
Was Regina telling the truth that Kurt Flynn left town? Did he lose his memories?
We gave everything a brief overview and would love to hear your thoughts!
Talk about “Selfless, Brave, and True” in our Once Upon a Time forums
Thank you for the iTunes reviews!
Bluebellsa from Norway
Your reviews encourage us and help others find the podcast!
Please rate and especially write a review for us in iTunes.
Preorder season-two DVD/Blu-ray set!
You can now preorder the complete second season of Once Upon a Time on Amazon.com! For a limited time, save $10 off the DVD set and $15 off the Blu-ray set!
Preorder the second season today!
Join us for the LIVE podcast!
Initial reactions on Sundays at 9:15 p.m. (EDT/GMT-4)—right after the Eastern and Central episode airing.
Full discussion, feedback, and live calls on Wednesdays at 8:30 p.m. (EDT/GMT-4).
On these days, visit ONCEpodcast.com/live to watch and chat live.
What did you think?
Email Feedback@ONCEpodcast.com (audio files welcome)
Call (903) 231-2221
Comment on the shownotes
Post in the forums
Visit any page on ONCEpodcast.com and click the "Send a voice message" link to record and send a message right from your computer.
Help us out!
Follow us
Check out more Noodle.mx Network shows
VR is maybe dead and possibly also shit it has been revealed.
Chief editor of CrunchNet; Max Crabby said "So FaceFace buys Octopus Reef for 3 million-billion. Then Gargle, Sonny, Sandsong and 8TC Vibe release their own high-end immersion goggles. And don't forget mind control device makers; Magic Sheep receiving 5 million-billion for smoking cheese and being mysterious!'
'The hype around VR is getting hotter than a bomb going off inside a meteor entering the atmosphere. For this reason, future gazers; Albert's data shop and sandwich bar have valued the global VR/AR/VCR industry to be worth more than San Francisco by next weekend".
"Newly released sales figures reveal a different picture. Major immersion goggle makers have collectively sold less than the Microloft Zoon and the immersive immersion industry is projected to be worth less than Oakland by Christmas 2072".
"Also you can't ignore the recent news reports of people leaping at their televisions, vomiting onto their cat and punching their mum in the face all while playing VR games".
"And let's not forget Microloft Kineckt and 4DTV were shit and they're exactly like VR so VR is probably shit also".
I have been very quiet about my use and speaking of Japanese. When I came to Japan I learned that there were classes offered in addition to the work I was getting paid to do. At times I still get a little mixed up and confused with speaking Japanese and trying to create new sentences, even though I have a pre-conceptual knowledge of how conversation and grammar works.
I have been talking with friends and family about their experiences of learning to speak, read, and write Japanese. Up to this point I have been rather silent and slow in my leaps and bounds of speaking and fully communicating and immersing myself in the language, but that is not to say the drive is not their, or that I am not trying to culturally assimilate. Many of my friends and family have said that it took them between 3 to 6 months to cognitively adjust to reading and writing in a Japanese environment. They have also said that to initially learn the language was so alien with the use of particles and implied subjects once an idea is set that speaking Japanese through an English filter and translating is just not possible. It has been reassuring to learn that I am on course to read, write, and speak Japanese.
I will talk a little about learning to read and write in this blog post, and speak about spoken language in the next post. I have been fortunate and blessed to have studied Chinese in university. If you are thinking why the hell is Chinese related to Japanese? Well in the spoken language it is completely irrelevant. On the other hand, learning to write Chinese hanzi, has been useful in learning Japanese Kanji. One road block, has been the barrier of using simplified hanzi in reading Japanese kanji. Simplified hanzi is not applicable to kanji, if I had studied Cantonese opposed to Mandarin dialect of Chinese I would have been in an area of China where traditional hanzi is used.
There are many more character elements between traditional hanzi and kanji than simplified hanzi and kanji. This is because kanji was adopted as a Japanese writing system when traditional hanzi was the standard over half a millennium ago, older than that actually, but this is used as a point of reference. Written hanzi and kanji are older than the Gutenberg printing press.
Simplified hanzi is a relatively new writing system that was standardized from the 1950's during the Mao communist era of Chinese rule. It is hard to say whether or not simplified hanzi will be good for Chinese historical documents and culture in the future, but there is a very important precedent that was set with the new writing system. Instead of a statistic calculated at around less than 30% of the Chinese being able to read and write before WW2, at present day over 90% of people are fluent at reading, writing, and speaking Chinese with the simplified standard. Literature is definitely an important aspect of cultural solidarity and nations, as seen in present day. For me though something more important is a sense of knowing and social justice that is brought to the literate. Instead of a writing system preserved for the social elite in the wealthiest or scholarly forms simplified hanzi has been made accessible to nearly everyone.
There is some ambiguity around the simplification of hanzi and its effect of making the Chinese as a whole more literate. Of all the Chinese characters only 20% of the most used characters have been simplified. That means that the other 80% are still traditional characters. This means that advanced Chinese citizens who read and write have to revert back to learning traditional forms of the characters. An academic questions I pose to nation-states and reform is, “what is the genuine improvement of simplifying ideographic written languages?” I think that the Chinese would have had to become 90% fluent as a population to achieve their country status and success anyways. But in that thought Mao truly did change and revolutionize China, and has been the case of leaders since then to the present day.
I question the simplifying of ideographic languages, because Japan has not, Hong Kong and Macau have not, and other larger city centers have not because of a sense of cultural preservation and identity. Not to mention in most of the larger international cities it is common to have 4 or 5 business languages. Literacy is a matter of cultural value and normative interaction with an environment. I will have to find studies to support this, but logic and rationale give this reason.
The Japanese writing systems that would be considered similar to alphabets like Enlgish, better expressed as a syllabary. These are quite easy to learn. A syllabary is a series of symbols where each character stands for a syllable. There is a writing system in Japan called Kana this consists of two syllabaries. One syllabary is hiragana, the other is katakana. Hiragana is the first writing system that primary school children learn to read and write, it allows children to learn how to phonetically read and write. Next students learn to use katakana, because they are characters that make the Japanese aware of culturally and linguistically borrowed words and ideas. Think about it in terms of English, we italicize all foreign words to make readers aware that they are, well, foreign.
Hiragana and Katakana are two syllabaries that share the same phonetic pronunciations, simply emphasizing the difference of domestic, and international words. There are 46 basic kanas to learn in each syllabary, and around 106 total written and pronounced rules. So about 212 pronunciation rules. That does not sound to hard right? I promise it is not, I have learned to read and write all of that in about a week. Once mastery of the basic syllabaries exist then children begin to learn kanji. This is one of the oldest writing systems with daily use that is intact. From the beginning of middle school to the end of high school students learn roughly 2160 standardized characters set by the Japanese government.
I have been able to learn the writing patterns and better memorize kanji after the beginning of my three years of seeing, thinking about, and writing the Chinese characters. Moving into the future I have been developing a set of goals and curriculum that I want to build as a daily regiment to learn and accelerate in Japanese. I will talk about these in future posts.
As always I hope you enjoy and share this post with friends, family, and others that you think will enjoy. Also, please share the link to the main blog on your social media, as well as liking the content. This shows me the importance of the effort I give when sharing information with others.
A minor trend of this year is big publishers giving their biggest franchises a break to combat fatigue, both in the fans and developers. This year already saw Ubisoft announce that it was giving the Assassin's Creed games a year off, ending the yearly release cycle, to renew interest in the series. Now EA is saying it is doing the same with Battlefield.
EA's chief financial officer, Blake Jorgensen, said that EA "won't have another Battlefield back for a couple of years. Next year we'll have Battlefront, the Star Wars game."
Jorgensen was speaking at the Nasdaq Investor Program, which VideoGamer then transcribed.
Last year's Star Wars Battlefront was criticised for being light on content, particularly as it lacked a single player campaign. Joregensen says the team has taken that criticism to heart for the sequel, saying "We were very excited about how Star Wars came out last year," he said. "It's a beautiful game, people loved it. I think if there was criticism they just wanted more. And so we're taking that criticism to heart as we build the next game and trying to address any of the issues that they had."
Jorgensen points out that something binding them with the last game was how much EA and DICE could lean on the new films. "We were really working with the old canvas of Star Wars, the old trilogy, we weren't using any of the new materials that came out of [Episode 8] because our game actually came out slightly before the movie," Jorgensen said. "Next year we'll have the opportunity to leverage more of that content from the new movies and we think that'll make the opportunity much larger."
It's interesting to see publishers putting their big series on ice, especially as this year saw so many big sequels sell poorly on release. Of course, we need to see how good the games are after the franchises are thawed out to see if it did anything to refresh the games we've played over and over.
Discovering dive spots in Cebu is like searching for precious jewelry in a pirate's treasure chest. Cebu is simply studded with the best dive spots. However, by far, none can compare with the experience of diving in the island of Malapascua.
But why? Well, let's get on board my “bangka” (small, local motorized boat found in the Philippines) and let's set sail to Malapascua.
First, let's talk briefly about the island itself. What makes it such a fantastic dive spot? Malapascua is a small island, located across a shallow strait from the northernmost tip of Cebu, however don't be fooled by its size. It is home to wide white sand beaches, excellent local dive spots as well as beautiful coral gardens. Islanders rely on tourism as their means of livelihood while most still fish and farm.
Now, let's go further out into the island. Here we will discover three world-famous dive spots: Gato Island, Monad Shoal, and Kemod Shoal. Even within these three dive spots you can find a variety of dive sites that offer any diver, from beginner to pro, plenty to see: diverse marine life and so much more.
Monad Shoal, in particular, is one of the most well-known diving spots in Cebu. Divers from all over the world have rated this diving spot as some of the best they have ever experienced.
Let's stop our bangka here at Monad Shoal, the crown jewel of all the diving spots in Malapascua and yes, safe to say, probably the most excellent diving spot in Cebu. Close your eyes and imagine that it is early morning, just right around the time the sun rises and yes, this is just the perfect time to discover why diving in Malapascua is the best way to enjoy diving in Cebu.
You see, Monad Shoal is a sunken island of about 20 meters. At first glance, it's rather unremarkable. But it's what lies beneath that is truly worth making this trip. Monad Shoal is a natural cleaning station for Thresher Sharks and known as the only place in the world that you can dive with these mysterious and rare creatures of the deep. If we're really lucky, we might get up close and personal with giant manta rays, devil rays and eagle rays.
So, stop staring at the computer screen. Get those diving gear packed up and book the first flight out of wherever you are right now and find your way to one of Cebu's best diving spots. As soon as you arrive, you'll find that it is truly a slice of diving paradise.
Advertisements
KEY FEATURES:
CHALLENGING GAMEPLAY
No hand holding, tooltips or linear paths. Think, learn and adapt - if you will behave recklessly or do not prepare for the night, you will not survive.
CHOICES & CONSEQUENCES
Each choice you make is permanent, and will have impact on you, or Darkwood's inhabitants. Every time you play, you will see a different story unfold.
SATISFYING EXPLORATION
A breathing, procedurally generated world for you to explore. Each visit to Darkwood is unique, as all locations and events are randomized.
PERKS AND ABILITIES
Improve your character with skills that will give you advantage over your enemies.
CRAFTING
A flexible crafting system which lets you experiment with loot to: create items, build barricades or traps, and improve your gear with addons.
TWISTED ATMOSPHERE
You will start to question your sanity, as the line between reality and nightmarish fantasies will begin to blur.
In a move that's certain to irk lovers of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, Morgan Stanley came out with a statement on Tuesday calling for greater governmental control and regulation.
The very nature of Bitcoin is as a peer-to-peer non-regulated currency system that allows for greater levels of autonomy for holders. However, the recent meteoric rise of Bitcoin values has led speculators and major financial players into the cryptocurrency market.
Big money comes to crypto
Morgan Stanley stated that the necessary regulations for different cryptocurrencies might require individual tailoring, depending on the nature of the underlying system. Regardless, however, they made it clear that government regulators are carefully watching the currencies to see what is happening with the market.
They said that “regulators are looking to have a master key so all transactions are visible to them.”
The very nature of that statement will certainly concern the vast majority of Bitcoin holders, given that the goal of Bitcoin was to have a system that did not require such governmental controls.
Regardless of whether Morgan Stanley is right, the big money players on Wall Street have already begun to invest in cryptocurrencies. Whether they continue, however, remains to be seen.
The Athletics do not intend to deal away star third baseman Josh Donaldson despite speculation that he could be made available, Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports reports. That confirms what Susan Slusser of the San Francisco Chronicle reported (via Twitter) the day after the club's season ended. However, the team will be willing to listen to trade interest in pitchers such as Jeff Samardzija and Scott Kazmir, according to Rosenthal.
Donaldson has emerged as one of the best third basemen and most valuable players in the game. While he is undoubtedly a bargain as a Super Two players with four more years of control, he will not be cheap. MLBTR contributor Matt Swartz projects that Donaldson will land $4.5MM this year, and that number will only continue to rise.
Donaldson's rising cost led to suggestions that Oakland may consider dealing him. But while he would undoubtedly bring back a huge return, his departure would leave a gaping hole in any plans of near-term contention. As Rosenthal notes, A's GM Billy Beane believes the team is still primed to reach the postseason next year.
As for Oakland's staff, deals involving pitchers on expiring contracts are obviously more palatable, though Rosenthal hastens to add that the A's are not shopping anyone and mentions that a trade deadline deal (if the team falls out of contention) could be the likelier outcome. Both Samardzija (projected $9.5MM arb salary) and Kazmir ($11MM salary with an additional $2MM luxury tax hit for his signing bonus) are cheap for their recent results, and the former in particular would be a popular trade target. In fact, MLBTR's Steve Adams explained in his recent outlook for the A's offseason that a deal involving Samardzija or Kazmir could make a good bit of sense.
99 Bottles of Beer one program in 1500 variations
Welcome to 99 Bottles of Beer
This Website holds a collection of the Song 99 Bottles of Beer programmed in different programming languages. Actually the song is represented in 1500 different programming languages and variations. For more detailed information refer to historic information.
All these little programs generate the lyrics to the song 99 Bottles of Beer as an output. In case you do not know the song, you will find the lyrics to the song here.
Feel free to browse, to comment and to rate the different programming languages. In case your favourite programming language is missing, please submit your own piece of code. After a short review it will appear on the website.
For any comment, critic or praise concerning this website drop a message in our guestbook or contact one of the team members.
Have a lot of fun,
Oliver, Gregor and Stefan
There are a lot of understandable reasons why questioning drops off in school. Foremost among them is time. “Time really conspires against questioning,” Berger said. “In the classroom there often isn't time to let kids ask their questions.” And really good, deep questions often take a lot of time to unravel -- more time than a harried teacher trying to cover all the curriculum often feels she can afford. And while time pressure is a very real part of teaching, not making time for questioning says a lot about how valuable it is to us. People make time for the things they value.
But knowledge can also be the enemy of questioning. “As we know more, or feel we know more, we may be less inclined to question,” Berger said. Sometimes answers can close down other avenues of thinking or ways of seeing a problem, but that all depends on how teachers treat knowledge. When treated as a life-long endeavor, learning a little bit about something opens up space to learn more.
And of course there are social barriers to questioning. Many kids don't see asking questions as “cool.” And the perception that question askers are suck-ups or dorks probably also comes from fear. Many people feel vulnerable admitting they don't know something. They are afraid to offer a window into their inner world by wondering out loud.
These barriers to questioning are real and challenging, but there are lots of ways parents and teachers can work to make questioning a normal part of school and life. One of the primary ways adults can support questioning, Berger said, is to model curiosity and to value questions. Instead of asking a child, “What did you learn at school today,” a parent might ask, “What great question did you ask today?” Or, when a child asks one of those great, deep questions that gets at why humans are even here, parents could dive in and explore the question with their child.
“You don't have to have the answers. You just have to have the interest,” Berger said. Instead of trying to close off questioning by providing a pat answer or a terse “I don't know,” parents might say, “If you were going to start answering that question, where would you start?”
“We want their questions to be large and expanded instead of being diminished and eventually going away,” Berger said. That philosophy should apply to school as well.
5 WAYS TO HELP STUDENTS BECOME BETTER QUESTIONERS
1. Make It Safe: “I think this might be the most important one,” Berger said. Many kids won't raise their hand in front of the whole class to ask a question because they're shy or nervous. “Fear kills curiosity,” Berger said. “The two things do not exist very well together.” But a student that might be afraid to question in front of the whole group may be willing to ask questions in a smaller group or to write a question down. Teachers can help make small groups even safer by laying out protective rules like “no question can be edited or judged.”
“The key thing is it makes questioning the point of the activity, and that is rarely the case,” Berger said. “The point is always to get to the answer.” Asking good questions takes practice. The Right Question Institute offers protocols to get students questioning, but teachers shouldn't expect kids to immediately be good at it.
2. Make it Cool: Berger suggests convincing kids that good questions lead to cool stuff and make the world a better place. Furthermore, people who ask good questions are cool people, even rebellious people sometimes. “The people who are really breaking new ground are the people asking questions,” Berger said. “Questioners are the explorers, the mavericks.”
And questions can make people uncomfortable, especially when they hit on something true. “If you are a questioner, you are going against the grain,” Berger said. “That could appeal to young people.”
3. Make It Fun: Turning questioning into a game can be a great way to make the process more lighthearted and fun. Frame the process as being a detective, solving riddles or puzzles. One possible game to get kids started is to take closed questions and turn them into open questions and visa versa. This helps kids really understand the difference and what makes a strong question.
Students could also approach the issue with "why" questions to dig into it, then start asking “what if” questions to open up their imaginations and finally “how might we” questions to begin coming up with solutions. “How might we” is a more invigorating and creative questioning tact that “how could we” or “how should we” prompts, which tend to have more judgment in them.
4. Make It Rewarding: Many students are used to empty praise from their teachers. When students venture a deep question, they commonly hear, “That's a great question, let's move on.” But an educator's genuine interest in the question will be much more powerful than any praise.
Additionally, teachers can create structures in their classes to reward questioning. Perhaps there is the best question of the week, where students get to vote on one another's questions. Or maybe there's a bonus question on a test that is itself a question: “What question should have been on this test, but wasn't?”
5. Make It Stick: Questioning has to be a regular part of the school day for it to become a student habit. The famous comedian George Carlin used to talk about “vuja de,” that none of this has ever happened before. He was joking, but he also credited his ability to look at familiar situations in fresh ways as a key to his success.
Educators could follow Carlin's lead and spend some time one day a week looking at a common object or idea and pushing students to ask questions about it as if they've never seen it before. “If you can instill this habit of mind in kids, this is the key to success for innovators,” Berger said.
If educators can find the precious minutes to foster these habits, Berger believes it could go a long way to developing critical thinkers. “I know that often times it doesn't feel like there's room to do some of these things under the current schedules and demands, but I feel like what needs to be done is small acts of insurrection,” he told educators and parents gathered at the conference.
Questioning Is About Power
Feeling confident to question the systems of power around us is one of the key jobs of an informed citizenry. Kids need to learn during their time at school that they have the right to know, to challenge assumptions and to dig deeper. Fostering this mentality in students can be challenging for teachers who are often complicit in systems of control over students. But often when teachers open the space for these questions, value them and explore them with students, a deep trust is built.
“I also think questioning matters because questions open up a dialogue instead of shutting it down,” Berger said. He says it's the honest, thoughtful, respectful questions that start really good discussions. And ultimately could lead to the equity that so many educators and students are striving toward.
It's also important to note that questioning makes a student vulnerable, and every student has a different relationship and experience with standing up to authority. “It's very possible that there could be some groups of kids who would be more worried about how questioning is going to make them look,” Berger said. “That kid has more at stake,” and teachers need to recognize that.
These equity questions are the next topic Berger wants to explore. One study he read showed that upper-income families encouraged questioning in school, while lower-income families told their children to fit in and not rock the boat.
“Just because they're not asking a question doesn't mean they won't have them,” Berger said. He's researching how people are making questioning safe for everyone. Ultimately, questioning and reflecting are the keys to self-growth, something educators want for all their students.
“It's OK to ask ambitious questions about yourself, your life, and that you won't have the answer right away,” Berger said. Often people don't ask those kinds of questions because they're afraid they won't have the answer. But if questioning deeply has always been part of the learning process, perhaps the next generation of citizens won't be so afraid to sit with those hard questions.
*An earlier version of this story did not properly attribute this quote to Neil Postman. We regret this error.
Don't miss an episode of Stories Teachers Share.
McCRACKEN COUNTY, KY (WPSD) – Leonel Vazquez pleaded guilty to sexually abusing an underage, developmentally delayed girl he did not know in a public place. He was first arrested on that charge in June. Now, we're learning Vazqez, an illegal immigrant, was deported at least twice to Mexico before committing that crime.
I just found out it's been more than twice. A spokesperson for the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement emailed me just before the 6 p.m. newscast Tuesday to tell me he was “voluntary returned” to Mexico twice in 2000, then convicted of a DUI in 2004 in a Georgia court, then deported twice in 2014. We do not know what other charges he might have faced.
But the big concern for investigators, and the mother of the victim in this case, is that this shouldn't have even happened. We've hidden her identity to protect the victim.
During their stay between moves, it was supposed to be a vacation for Brenda's family. That vacation was short-lived.
Brenda says, “She ran and beat on the door. We opened the door. You could hear the panic in her voice.”
Vazquez was caught on tape sexually assaulting Brenda's daughter.
“She said she dropped her money. She bent over to pick up her money, and that's when he grabbed her,” Brenda says.
But it shouldn't have happened in the first place. Detective Sarah Martin says: “We found out he's been deported two other times, so this will be his third time being deported after he's sentenced.”
Now, Vazquez is in jail, facing five years in prison. But Martin says he may not have to face much prison time if any at all, because once the judge sentences Vazquez, the federal government at any point could deport him back to Mexico.
Brenda says she feels helpless, not being able to protect her daughter from him. She says she feels the system has failed her and her family. “I feel like its failed her, because she will remember. It's not going to leave her memory.”
While she wants him to stay locked up, if given a chance, she told us this is what she'd say to him: “I pray that he gets help and turns his life around so that he doesn't do this to anyone else.”
Martin says those convicted of sexual abuse crimes are required to go through some kind of therapy and register as a sex offender. She says if he gets deported, he won't go through the required therapy, and there's always the possibility he could come back under a different alias.
As for why he was in Kentucky, he was working on a job and staying at the hotel in the meantime. I've reached out to the company listed on the citation, but I haven't heard back.
Vazquez will be sentenced Dec. 4. He pleaded guilty, accepting a plea deal to the maximum five years in prison.
We've already seen the new Outlook-branded mail and calendar apps for Windows 10 for phones, as they were included in the new preview build released last week. The rest of Office, however, wasn't included in that build. It will, Microsoft announced today, be available soon—the apps should become available by the end of the month.
The apps will be universal; the forthcoming phone apps will use essentially the same code as the tablet apps released in February. The universal apps won't support all the features of the traditional desktop app, with Microsoft still promoting those as the best option for mouse and keyboard heavy users and those looking to do complex data processing in Excel or complex layouts in Word or PowerPoint.
To ensure that the universal apps provide the best possible compatibility (and, critically, that they do not break any features that they do not directly support), they share the same core code with the desktop apps.
Microsoft
Microsoft
Microsoft
Microsoft
Microsoft
Microsoft
The phone apps shake up the user interface somewhat. While the tablet apps have a simplified ribbon across the top of the screen, the phone apps will, we're pleased to see, put their main controls at the bottom of the screen. They're still organized in a similar way to the ribbon, but they have a kind of hybrid toolbar/menu structure. Outlook Mail and Calendar already use this approach for parts of their interfaces.
Microsoft isn't yet entirely sure when it will be releasing the phone versions of the apps. Unlike Office in Windows Phone 8, which is distributed as part of the operating system and hence can only be updated with operating system updates, the new Office apps will be regular apps, upgraded through the Store. Just as the tablet Office requires the Windows 10 Technical Preview, so will the phone Office.
Home Heroes Blog Why Wonder Woman Is More Important Than Ever
Why Wonder Woman Is More Important Than Ever
With Wonder Woman just one month away, the positive and negative buzz has begun. No doubt fans are excited to see Diana Prince finally in action and the early reviews for Gal Gadot's theatrical version have been strong. However, there has also been some negative buzz wondering where all the hype and merchandise is? With one of the most important properties to come out for DC/WB, the marketing machine seems to be in 3rd gear. We'll write more about later. We came across this great 6 minute piece by Kaptain Krystian recapping the fascinating origins of Wonder Woman and why she is so important to culture today. Let us know what you think and what needs to change for Wonder Woman to finally come into her own.
Leave a comment
Comments will be approved before showing up.
On Thursday, the Motion Picture Association of America as well as its studio members and the National Association of Theatre Owners were hit with a proposed class action lawsuit that, if accepted by a judge and not barred by the First Amendment, would greatly expand the legal responsibilities of the filmmaking industry.
The topic of the complaint brought in California federal court by Timothy Forsyth and others similarly situated is Hollywood's film rating system and how minors are exposed to creative works featuring cigarette smoking.
The lawsuit points out that since at least 2003, Hollywood has known that tobacco imagery in films rated "G," "PG," and "PG-13," is one of the major causes of children becoming addicted to nicotine. Disney, Paramount, Sony, Fox, Universal and Warner Bros. are said to have been given recommendations from health experts at leading universities throughout the country as well as the American Lung Association, the American Heart Association and the American Public Health Association, and yet are allegedly continuing to stamp "their seal of approval" on films meant for children that feature tobacco imagery.
Among the films cited are Spectre, Dumb and Dumber To, Transformers: Age of Extinction, X-Men: Days of Future Past, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug, Iron Man 3, Men in Black 3 and The Woman in Black.
According to the complaint, "From 2003 when the defendants were notified that exposure to tobacco imagery in films causes children and adolescents to smoke, through 2015, youth-rated movies recruited approximately 4.6 million adolescents in the United States to smoke, of which approximately 1.5 million are expected to die from tobacco-induced diseases in years to come. And, at current rates, if defendants continue their current practice of certifying and rating films with tobacco imagery as suitable and appropriate for children and adolescents under the age of seventeen unaccompanied by a parent or guardian, defendants' conduct will cause an additional 3.2 million American children alive today to smoke, and one million of those children to die prematurely from tobacco-related diseases including lung cancer, heart disease, stroke and emphysema."
The lawsuit demands a declaratory judgment that the industry's film ratings practices amount are negligent, false and misleading and a breach of fiduciary and statutory duties. The lawsuit also aims for an injunction where no films featuring tobacco imagery can be given "G," "PG" or "PG-13" ratings.
Here's the full complaint. The plaintiffs are being represented by Jeffrey Keller at Keller Grover.
In the meantime, the lawsuit will very likely provoke a First Amendment defense and the discussion will likely turn to whether the ratings system is improper guidance towards parents or part and parcel of the creative endeavor of making films. Most of the legal challenges to date have concerned the application of ratings to certain films — and very often it's the producer of an R-rated, X-rated or NC-17 rated film who is objecting. For example, in the early 1990s, Miramax went to court against the MPAA to challenge the allegedly arbitrary nature of an R rating given to Pedro Almodovar's Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down! The rating survived a legal attack.
Although it only nodded to ratings, the Supreme Court in 2011 decided to strike down a California law banning violent video games to children with the advisement that restrictions on speech are invalid without a compelling government interest. If the latest case makes it past motions to dismiss, the line of attack that ratings potentially rise to negligence could open up a whole new range of lawsuits blaming Hollywood for helping cause gun deaths and other social calamities.
The modern movie rating system dates back to 1968 after Jack Valenti was appointed the president of the MPAA. At the time, Hollywood's so-called "production codes" were slipping away, but Valenti aimed to replace a system of censorship with one encouraging transparency and self-regulation. The system is considered "voluntary," though compliance has been strongly enforced over the years. In 2007, smoking was added as a factor in the film rating process. On the MPAA's website, the industry association touts a recent survey indicating that 93 percent of parents find film ratings helpful in making movie choices and 80 percent of parents agree that the rating system is accurate in the classification of movies.
In response to the lawsuit, the MPAA gave The Hollywood Reporter this comment:
"For almost 50 years, the MPAA's voluntary film ratings system has provided parents with advance information about the content of movies to help them determine what's appropriate for their children. This system has withstood the test of time because, as American parents' sensitivities change, so too does the rating system. Elements such as violence, language, drug use and sexuality are continually re-evaluated through surveys and focus groups to mirror contemporary concern and to better assist parents in making the right family viewing choices. And since 2007, the ratings have taken into account depictions of tobacco use; accompanying descriptors provide additional information on this subject.
While we have not been served with the complaint in this lawsuit and thus will not comment on it specifically, we are confident that the courts will recognize the MPAA's First Amendment right to provide information to parents so that they may make appropriate moviegoing decisions for their children."
Rand Paul on Kentucky television. screenshot via KET During an interview on a local television station on Sunday, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) was pressed into a word-association game for several of his potential rivals in the 2016 presidential contest.
Paul used the opportunity to dish out praise and a few insults.
When asked to use one word or phrase to describe Gov. Chris Christie (R), Paul immediately chose "bridges" — a burn to the New Jersey governor who has been embattled in the infamous "Bridgegate" scandal since early 2014.
Paul was far more charitable with the other potential GOP candidates. Asked to describe Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Florida), a Cuban-American freshman lawmaker, Paul said "thoughtful."
"Thoughtful and part of the answer to making our party bigger — a good, new face for our party," he said during the interview on "One to One with Bill Goodman," which was flagged Tuesday by the Washington Post.
Paul struggled a bit to find a word for Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R), whom he has extensively quarreled with over foreign policy matters. Paul has urged restraint in the use of U.S. military force abroad while Perry has backed a more aggressive approach. The two sharply criticized each other in dueling op-eds in July.
"Um," Paul said, pausing for a full four seconds. "It's hard to put it in one word. What I would say is that I like the fact that he has been for more power for states and for less government in his state. We have some disagreements on some other things."
But Paul didn't pause at all when pressed to say a couple words about Hillary Clinton, the Democratic front-runner in the 2016 contest.
"Yesterday's news," he said bluntly.
Paul was similarly dismissive when asked about President Barack Obama.
"Affable but often ineffectual," he said.
Paul had nothing but praise for one Democrat, however. The Kentucky pol was positively loquacious when asked about Sen. Cory Booker (D-New Jersey), whom Paul has partnered with on criminal justice reform measures.
"Affable, amiable, tries to get beyond partisanship. We're only allowed to do one word?" Paul asked. "He's likable and once again we don't agree on probably 80% of the issues. ... Maybe compromise could be: You find people that you don't agree with on everything but you find something you're actually in complete agreement with. That's what I like about some of the bipartisan bills. I'm not splitting the difference with Cory Booker; he and I actually are in almost the same place on criminal justice — on taxes and balanced budgets, not so much."
The White House has signaled readiness to boost military aid to Israel to a historic high, after a letter signed by 83 Senators advocated for the increase. Aid to Israel currently accounts for more than half the total US military aid budget.
Relations between US President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have been frosty in recent years. Netanyahu canceled his planned trip to the US last month and said he intended to negotiate the increase with the next US president, according to the Times of Israel. Now, however, the Obama administration is saying it is willing to boost military aid to Israel to historically unprecedented levels.
“We are prepared to sign an MOU [memorandum of understanding] with Israel that would constitute the largest single pledge of military assistance to any country in US history,” a White House official told Reuters on Monday.
Thank you! Over four-fifths of the U.S. Senate back increased defense aid for Israel https://t.co/sXL03yQllipic.twitter.com/Acs9NwJ7pL — Avi Mayer (@AviMayer) April 25, 2016
Earlier in the day, 83 US Senators – 51 republicans and 32 Democrats – sent a letter to the White House urging an increase in aid. The effort was spearheaded by South Carolina Republican Lindsey Graham and Delaware Democrat Chris Coons.
“In light of Israel's dramatically rising defense challenges, we stand ready to support a substantially enhanced new long-term agreement to help provide Israel the resources it requires to defend itself and preserve its qualitative military edge,” the letter said.
Among the Senators who signed the letter were Texas Republican and presidential contender Ted Cruz and Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren. Vermont's Bernie Sanders, who is challenging Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination, was notably absent from the list of supporters.
Graham, chairman of the Senate's Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations and Related Programs offered one possible explanation for Washington's sudden eagerness to discuss the current aid arrangement, which expires in 2018.
“We'll have more money this year than potentially next year, because sequestration kicks back in,” he told Times of Israel last month, referring to spending cuts the US government adopted in 2013.
US Military Aid scaled by Country. Israel & Egypt account for 75%. pic.twitter.com/r5ZytrV9MG — ツ Steve McIntyre (@iSteveMcIntyre) April 11, 2016
Under the current aid arrangement, Israel receives $3.1 billion a year – almost 53 percent of the $5.9 billion in official foreign military aid handed out by Washington. This deal is set to expire in 2018, however, and Israel has been pushing for an increase to $5 billion.
Following the nuclear deal with Iran in July 2015 – which Netanyahu has vehemently opposed – Washington offered to boost the amount of military aid to Israel to $4.5 billion a year.
Among the programs funded by the US military aid are missile defense systems such as ‘David's Sling' and ‘Iron Dome,' intended to deal with short- to medium-range missiles, as well as the high-altitude ‘Arrow 3' interceptors.
Yet more exits for Israeli startups, with the latest two developments a throwback to the hardware and engineering muscle that raised the tech profile of the region in the first place, before the Waze's of the world got us thinking about Israel as a hotbed of consumer internet companies.
Today, reports leaked out, and we have now confirmed, that Intel has acquired Omek Interactive, a company it had already invested in that makes technology for gesture-based interfaces. At the same time, Israel publication the Calcalist is reporting that Apple is circling around PrimeSense, another developer of gesture-based technology that has been used in Microsoft's Kinect. Together, the moves could be a sign that gesture-based controls such as those in Microsoft's Kinect may become even more prevalent.
The Apple/PrimeSense talk, however, appears to be too early, if not altogether inaccurate. The Calcalist's report notes that this is based around some meetings between the two companies, and that the price for the deal would be around $280 million. But a source at the company described the report as “BS.”
This is “journalist delusion based on unverified and twisted hints,” the source added, also questioning the valuation: “280M? Come on! We're worth 10 times that. :)” Up to now, PrimeSense has raised nearly $30 million from investors that include Gemini Israel Funds, Canaan Partners, Genesis Partners and Silver Lake Partners and bills itself as “giving digital devices the gift of sight.”
Meanwhile, we have contacted Omek, where the person we tracked down on the phone giggled (yes) and then referred us to Intel for any questions.
We have yet to hear back from Intel or investing arm Intel Capital . A post on Harretz notes the deal actually concluded last week. Haaretz has also managed to get a confirmation directly from Intel: “The acquisition of Omek Interactive will help increase Intel's capabilities in the delivery of more immersive perceptual computing experiences,” the statement says.
Update: Intel has confirmed to me that the transaction has closed. In addition to the same statement it gave Haaretz, an Intel spokesperson added it's not confirming the value of the deal, and “we are also not disclosing the timelines on future products that integrate this technology.”
The reported value of Intel's deal for Omek is between $30 million and $50 million. Without actually hearing from Intel on the details, for now there appears to be a few lines of thinking behind why Intel is going beyond being simply a strategic investor. (Omek has raised $13.8 million to date, with $7 million of that coming from Intel Capital.)
The first of these — as explained in a story in VentureBeat, which first reported talks between the two in March of this year — is that Omek may have been in the market to raise more money and that it chose the exit route instead of going it alone.
Another is that Intel wants the technology as part of its bigger moves into 3D visualization and “perceptual computing”, Intel's catch-all term for gesture, touch, voice, and other AI-style sensory technologies. This is also the subject of a $100 million investment fund Intel launched in April.
And a third is more mundane and cynical, and potentially true regardless of Intel's wider, more airy ambitions. The blog GeekTime suggests that this is a hardware play: Intel wants Omek for technology that it can embed into chips. The more functionality it can add that will drive new purchases of those chips by device makers, the better:
“The search for worthy power eating technologies to justify the need for yearly chip version upgrades is an integral part of the hardware industries market management strategy,” it writes. “Device companies must be convinced of the need to design their products to support the more expensive vanguard models of the processing world, placing the need for innovation above price point, and even quality in some cases.”
Whether or not the PrimeSense news is accurate, 9to5Mac makes a convincing argument for how the startup's intellectual property could fit in with other IP at Apple already; and with Apple's bigger ambitions to develop products that take it further into the living room, specifically with Apple TV.
And that, in the end, seems to be the crux of today's news as well. However you cut it, and whoever ends up controlling it (in the tech sense), gesture is increasingly coming into focus and will let us get machines to do our bidding with the wave of a hand, or finger, soon.
Regis Giles speaks to Fox News (screen grab)
The ATF has said it wants to ban certain types of AR-15 ammunition because it can pierce the kind of body armor worn by police. But Fox News host Tucker Carlson suggested on Saturday that it was more about disarming citizens, and he had on a gun activist who said these were “tiny bullets” that actually couldn't pierce armor.
Earlier this month, an ammunition retailer warned that “Obama and his cronies in key government posts are trying to once again de facto suppress our Second Amendment rights” by taking executive action to reclassify certain types of .223 ammunition.
According to Carlson, the move was “not really about protecting cops as much as it is about disarming citizens.”
But Mark Glaze, executive director of Every Town For Gun Safety, told the Fox News host that the reclassification really was about law enforcement because some handguns could also fire the ammunition.
“The problem is that these bullets still can pierce the armor that many police officers wear,” Glaze explained. “And the primary danger that police officers face on the street is handguns, not rifles or shotguns.”
Giles, who founded Girls Just Want To Have Guns, argued that the primary use of the M855 cartridges was target practice.
“The reason rifle shooters use this ammunition is because it's accurate,” she said. “So the fact that the ATF wants to ban target shooting ammunition is beyond me.”
“They don't actually want to ban target shooting ammunition,” Glaze pointed out. “They want to use other target shooting ammunition that can't pierce through the Kevlar vests that police officers wear on the streets.”
“Sorry, it's actually target ammunition,” Giles shot back. “And no person who uses a gun to carry will use this because it's not as effective as others.”
“And to say that this is going to pierce through the armor of cops is ridiculous because it's a tiny bullet like this big,” she added, demonstrating the size with her fingers. “And to say that the cop's Kevlar isn't tough enough to handle that ammunition is ridiculous. And like the FBI said, no one has used this in a handgun to shoot a cop.”
Earlier this week, Snopes debunked the claim that President Barack Obama was banning ammunition through executive action.
“While it's true that the ATF proposed a ban on ‘green tip' ammunition in February 2015, President Obama was not involved through executive action of any description,” Snopes noted. “The ATF described the proposal as the result of a long-term examination, several years in the making, of whether the ammunition fit the criteria for an exemption for sporting purposes.”
Watch the video below from Fox News' Fox & Friends, broadcast Feb. 28, 2015.
Racked is no longer publishing. Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years. The archives will remain available here; for new stories, head over to Vox.com, where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox. You can also see what we're up to by signing up here.
Update: As of Thursday morning, prices have been reduced along select merchandise categories. Original sale pricing is reflected below.
Last year gave us three Gant sample sales, but half of 2015 has gone by and we have yet to see a single one—until 10am this morning, that is. We stopped by the sportswear brand's preview last night at 260 Fifth Avenue to see what's in stock for men and women this time around, and concluded that it's a shame that this sale didn't take place one week earlier: Plenty of the merchandise, from red, white, and blue-striped polos to nautical prints on dresses and pants, would have made perfect Fourth of July outfits.
Prices are the same as the sales that took place last May and September, and once again the selection leans heavily in favor of the men. The first row of racks you'll see nearest the cash registers as you enter is filled with blazers in neutral navy, gray, khaki shades for $195. The men's section is bookended on the left with two long rows of every button-down ($50) that you could ever need, in all colors, prints, and plaids (and sizes, too).
In between, find tee-shirts—the lowest-priced clothing item at the sale at $20—polos for $30, rugby shirts for $45, sweatshirts for $45, sweaters (including several of the ugly Christmas variety) for $50, a long rack of slacks and cargo pants for $50, and various weights of outerwear (many of them waterproof, too) for $100—$150.
Shorts are over by the men's accessories, pleasingly arranged in rainbow color order, and are $50, and denim is nearby in bins labeled by size. Everything on the racks is organized by size, too, and there doesn't seem to be much favoritism for one size over another.
The women's selection is comprised of one row on the left-hand side of the room, with pricing that's generally the same as men's—differences include blazers for $150 (originally priced as high as $495) and dresses for $40 or $75, depending on material. The available merchandise is heavy on tops (think lots of plaid) and pants in lots of solid colors and a few fun prints, and you'd likely want to get any of the blazers you'd find here tailored.
Favorites here included a Missoni-inspired sweater for $50, orange cutoff shorts for $50, and a not-very-Gant-looking mint leather moto jacket for $300—see more of our selections in the gallery above.
Some of the best deals to be had at this sale aren't on the racks. In the back of the room, you'll find that all shoes are $40, whether they're rubber flip flops, dressy loafers, or tall riding boots (note that the two pairs of these shown in the gallery are the only ones available at the sale). Whether you're looking for sandals, sneakers, or oxfords, head to the back of the sale first to make sure you'll find what you want in your size—there will still be plenty of clothing to go around.
Other favorable prices off the racks include men's swim trunks for $25; find them in two bins next to the shorts. Women get the raw end of the deal here, with two bikini prints that are going for $25 per piece. But at least their bag selection is nice, with a few cute crossbody styles going for $75 and larger satchels and bucket bags for $125. Men's bag prices are similar, with a selection of canvas and non-leather styles going for $50.
Elsewhere in men's accessories, find ties, pocket squares, belts, scarves, gloves, mittens, and baseball caps for $25; cardholders for $15; and socks for $7 per pair or three for $20, ranging from solid grays and yellows to hot pink with black polka dots and, of course, the American flag.
If the all-American look is what you're going for, then the Gant sale is likely one that you'll want to hit up this week—but as long as you aren't looking for shoes, it's probably a safe bet to wait and see if markdowns will come closer to the weekend. There's a fitting room, too, and no mirrors out on the floor. Check out the Dealfeed below for the sale's dates and hours, and look in the gallery above to see the full price lists.
Branded Pictures Entertainment is developing “Hate (A Love Story),” based on a story of a man taking on the notorious Westboro Baptist Church, with Rod Lurie attached to direct.
Lurie's credits include “The Contender,” “The Last Castle,” and “Straw Dogs.”
Branded Pictures, founded by producer J. Todd Harris, optioned Garry Williams' adaptation of Al Snyder's story about the Church. Williams' credits include BPE's recent film “So B. It.”
Harris and Lurie's producing partner, Marc Frydman, are shopping the project to potential producers and distributors.
The story focuses on the aftermath of the 2006 death of Marine Lance Corporal Matthew Snyder, who was killed while serving in Iraq. Member of Kansas church protested the funeral, with members carrying placards that read “Semper Fi Fags,” “God Hates You,” and similar provocative sentiments.
Citing defamation, invasion of privacy, and other complaints, Matthew Snyder's father Al Snyder sued the church and its founders, the Phelps family. The highly publicized case ended up at the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled in favor of the church and the Phelps family, on freedom of speech grounds. The movie's narrative will include the fact — not revealed at the trial — that Al is a gay man, whose partner was fighting cancer during the agonizing legal battle.
“The first amendment is the FIRST amendment for a reason — our most cherished right. But it often creates muddy and uncomfortable situations, ones that are the source of great drama and national self-reflection,” Lurie said.
“This story makes allies out of the gay and military communities, as the Westboro Baptist Church's assault on the First Amendment turns out to be an attack on both,” Harris said. “I'm a long-time fan of Rod, a thoughtful patriot who gravitates toward stories of righteousness. He's perfect for this movie.”
Branded Pictures Entertainment recently launched another project, beginning work in October on the adaptation of ex-Rep. Steve Israel's (D-N.Y.) satirical novel, “Big Guns.”
“(Hate) A Love Story” is the second feature project in development about the Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka,, Kan., one of the nation's most recognized hate groups, best known its anti-gay rhetoric. In August, Marc Webb was attached to direct “This Above All,” based on the true-life story of former church member Megan Phelps-Roper.
Phelps-Roper is the granddaughter of Fred Phelps, founder of the Westboro Baptist Church. She grew up espousing the teachings of her family but left the church in 2012 and was disowned by her family. Producers are Dawn Ostroff and Jeremy Steckler of Condé Nast Entertainment, Reese Witherspoon, Bruna Papandrea for Made Up Stories, Marc Webb and River Road Entertainment's Bill Pohlad. River Road will finance.
It's hard to find a millennial today that's never been enticed by a Buzzfeed listicle, rented from Chegg or Rent the Runway, or tried on a pair of Warby Parker glasses. Something about these boom brands resonates with the demographic.
The leaders of these millennial-minded companies and more spoke to Colgate University students last week as part of the university's 4th annual Entrepreneur Weekend. During a panel discussion, moderated by Chegg CEO Daniel Rosensweig, the star-studded group of entrepreneurs shared why they pursued their big ideas and what drives them to succeed.
“I wanted to have direct impact on others and wanted to see the results of my work almost immediately,” said Neil Blumenthal, Warby Parker cofounder. “Warby Parker came from one of those moments when you hear an idea and a light bulb goes off and you can't sleep because you can't stop thinking about it.”
The panel also featured Buzzfeed's Greg Coleman, Jennifer Hyman of Rent the Runway, Jessica Alba, founder of The Honest Company, and musician MC Hammer.
Hyman, a cofounder of the estimated $200 million valuation fashion rental startup, said that her desire to make women feel confident and beautiful was her driving force: “I realized at the very beginning that my business wasn't about renting dresses for less money, it was about providing women with these Cinderella moments.”
Coleman, whose 37-year career bridges old and new media, enjoys the adventure of taking on a new challenge: “What turns me on is to try to get a business model together and moving when somebody had kind of figured out how to take lift off.” Coleman grew The Huffington Post and Yahoo ! before he took over as president of Buzzfeed. “Then I'm pretty well suited to take it to the next level.”
Alba discovered that the best way to address a problem was to start a company to fix it. “I had to create a for-profit business around this non-profit mission,” she said. The Honest Company's founder and CCO created non-toxic cleaning products when she couldn't find a kind to suit her growing family's needs.
Hammer responded: “I'm invigorated by the challenge.” The artist has concentrated on social consciousness in his latest music. “Today I'm driven by the lack of communication and the narrative of what's going on in the country right now.”
The Millennial Mission
The panelists also discussed how and why their companies appeal to the millennial market.
“Millennials care about social issues,” said Alba. “People want to be part of something bigger than themselves. With all of our companies you really get that sense.”
“The best companies solve real problems,” said Blumenthal, who donates glasses to developing countries for every pair he sells. “It's a market-based solution. At the end of the day, there aren't enough charitable dollars in the world that flow to getting glasses to people in need.”
Hyman said that her company's success is in part due to hiring millennials with fresh ideas. “What makes working at a startup so special is that you can go in there and make an imprint on the company,” said Hyman. “We've always had core values that said dream big and go after it, but sometimes the structure of the company doesn't enable that to be true.”
“I think the authenticity of the place, people, and situation can be very rewarding,” said Hammer, now an avid investor. Noting the problem-solving culture and collaboration special to Silicon Valley, he added, “There is a lot of social capital, experience, and ideas that are exchanged for the betterment of younger startups.”
Liberal Arts Disruption
“Congrats liberal arts majors, you're the most desirable employees,” said Rosensweig.
The panelists also praised liberal arts institutions like Colgate because they produce graduates who bring creativity and new ideas to companies.
“People who are not steeped in an industry or a specific area can sometimes come into it with the freshest ideas and the freshest mindset,” said Hyman. “Sometimes it's freeing to not have all of the rules of how something is traditionally done because it allows you to think outside the box.”
Coleman agreed: “Having traditional experience is going to block you from breaking through. Your brain being tethered to the norm or what people do or what experience says is the most important thing that will block you from creating a disruption.”
Following the panel discussion, a video message from Mark Cuban introduced a student “Shark Tank” where four young entrepreneurs from Colgate's idea incubator, Thought into Action, pitched their ventures for funding.
You can watch a video of the panel and “Shark Tank” here.
Bacon may bring the sizzle, and tofu will often act as a veggie stand in, but you'll find neither at a new Calgary brunch spot.
That's because Roni Zaide, who recently launched the city's first pop-up brunch on weekends at Cafe Koi, offers strictly vegetarian fare — without the fermented soy.
"I feel like serving tofu to vegetarians is a bit insulting, because there's so much other great things that you can work with and be creative with," says Zaide, who has been cooking for more than a decade in kitchens around the world.
"I just wanted to challenge myself and say I'm going to do something that's totally tofu free."
The kitchen takeover started after a conversation with the owners of Koi, who are friends of Zaide.
"They came over for dinner and we were just talking…and all of a sudden we started joking about sharing the kitchen, because they do lunch and dinner and I want to do breakfast," she says.
We continue our Cool Calgary series with a visit to the city's first 'pop-up' brunch for vegetarians. 5:00
Soon the joke was over and the group was talking seriously about launching a new vegetarian brunch spot for Calgary's eager morning eaters.
It provides Zaide the opportunity to learn and understand the business without jumping into the deep end.
"It's a very risky business," she says. "See how it goes and then it can grow from there."
For those looking for something outside the norm, Roni's Kitchen offers chickpea scrambles, maple rose granola, hand-crafted popsicles and bourekas, a savory Mediterranean-style puff pastry.
There's also live music to keep you entertained while you eat, but like the missing bacon, death metal isn't on the menu.
"Not yet, maybe in the future if there's a demand for it," says Zaide.
This summer, the Calgary Eyeopener is featuring people contributing to the "cool factor" of our city. If you know someone who is making Calgary cool, send an email to eyeopener@cbc.ca
Earlier this year, Australia saw a whirlwind tour from the electromagnetic radiation from mobile phones alarmist Devra Davis. Davis is an international champion of the belief that populations bathed in radiation emitted by mobile phones face epidemics of disease – particularly brain cancer.
Davis' concerns were the focus of an ABC Catalyst program which attracted widespread criticism, including from me and Media Watch. The Catalyst presenter Maryanne Demasi was nominated for the Australian Skeptics bent spoon award.
At the time of the Catalyst program for which I declined to be interviewed, I had my hands tied behind my back because, with colleagues in cancer research, I had a paper in preparation examining the possible association between the incidence of brain cancer in Australia and the inexorable rise of mobile phone use here over the last three decades. Releasing our findings would have jeopardised publication, we could say nothing about what we had concluded.
Today the paper is published in early view in Cancer Epidemiology. Here's what we set out to examine and what we found.
We examined the association between age and gender-specific incidence rates of 19,858 men and 14,222 women diagnosed with brain cancer in Australia between 1982-2012, and national mobile phone usage data from 1987-2012.
In summary, with extremely high proportions of the population having used mobile phones across some 20-plus years (from about 9% in 1993 to about 90% today), we found that age-adjusted brain cancer incidence rates (in those aged 20-84 years, per 100,000 people) had risen only slightly in males but were stable over 30 years in females.
There were significant increases in brain cancer incidence only in those aged 70 years or more. But the increase in incidence in this age group began from 1982, before the introduction of mobile phones in 1987 and so could not be explained by it. Here, the most likely explanation of the rise in this older age group was improved diagnosis.
Computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and related techniques, introduced in Australia in the late 1970s, are able to discern brain tumours which could have otherwise remained undiagnosed without this equipment. It has long been recognised that brain tumours mimic several seemingly unrelated symptoms in the elderly including stroke and dementia, and so it is likely that their diagnosis had been previously overlooked.
Next, we also compared the actual incidence of brain cancer over this time with the numbers of new cases of brain cancer that would be expected if the “mobile phones cause brain cancer” hypothesis was true. Here, our testing model assumed a ten-year lag period from mobile phone use commencement to evidence of a rise in brain cancer cases.
Our model assumed that mobile phones would cause a 50% increase in incidence over the background incidence of brain cancer. This was a conservative estimate that we took from a study by Lennart Hardell and colleagues (who reported even higher rates from two studies). The expected number of cases in 2012 (had the phone hypothesis been true) was 1,866 cases, while the number recorded was 1,435.
Using a recent paper that had Davis as an author we also modelled a 150% increase in brain cancer incidence among heavy users. We assumed that 19% of the Australian population fell into this category, based on data from the INTERPHONE study an international pooled analysis of studies on the association between mobile phone use and the brain. This would have predicted 2,038 expected cases in 2012, but only 1,435 were recorded.
Our study follows those published about the United States, England, the Nordic countries and New Zealand where confirmation of the “mobile phones cause brain cancer” hypothesis was also not found.
In Australia, all cancer is notifiable. At diagnosis, all cases must by law be registered with state registries tasked with collecting this information. It has been this way for decades. So we have excellent information about the incidence of all cancers on a national basis.
The telecommunications industry of course also has information on the number of people with mobile phone accounts.
While touring Australia, Davis was confronted with the “flatline” incidence data on brain cancer. Her stock response was that it was far too early to see any rise in these cancers. She was here to warn us about the future.
However, prominent Sydney neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo would appear to disagree about it being too early. He told Andrew Denton on ABC-TV's Enough Rope in 2008:
If you look at the science on mobile phones and the link with brain cancer, it is quite compelling … we know that radiation causes cancer, but it takes about ten years for it to develop, so we know that EMR electromagnetic radiation is going to take at least ten years to create brain tumours and possibly longer fifteen, twenty years.
In cancer epidemiology, the concept of the latency (or lag) period is well known. This refers to the time that it takes between initial exposure to a potentially carcinogenic agent (like cigarette smoke, asbestos, or nuclear radiation) and excess cases of cancers of interest to appear.
Davis would appear to be arguing that we would see a sudden rise many years later. That is not what we see with cancer; we see gradual rises moving toward peak incidence, which can be as late as 30-40 years (as with lung cancer and smoking).
For example, as I showed in a recent Conversation piece, this paper also reports on central nervous system cancers (including brain cancers) in those exposed to atomic bomb radiation in Japan in 1945. This graph shows 110 of 187 cases (58.8%) were diagnosed in the first 40 years (before 1985) (so before 40 years).
The incidence and type of cancers of those exposed to atomic bomb radiation varied over the years. And this quote from the methods section shows that there were another 27 who died before 1958 from central nervous system cancers, within 13 years of the bombs.
We excluded 73 tumours in individuals who were not in Hiroshima or Nagasaki at the time of the bombings, 35 individuals who did not have available organ dose estimates, and 27 individuals who died or were diagnosed before January 1, 1958.
Note here that A-bomb survivors were affected by ionising radiation (that is, radiation of sufficient energy to produce ionisation). This is where the energy is strong enough to remove electrons off their atoms or molecules, including causing DNA damage. Mobile phones produce non-ionising radiation which is low energy, sufficient only to ‘excite' the electrons enough to make them just heat up.
We have had mobiles in Australia since 1987. Some 90% of the population use them today and many of these have used them for a lot longer than 20 years. But we are seeing no rise in the incidence of brain cancer against the background rate.
In today's edition of Bloomberg Brief, the firm's economist Richard Yamarone looks at one of the more unpleasant consequences of Federal monetary policy: the increasing schism in wealth distribution between the wealthiest percentile and everyone else. While the Fed's third mandate is by now all too clear: push the Russell 2000 to the highest possible level, one can now suggest that the 4th mandate is one that would make Robin Hood spin in his grave: "To the extent that Federal Reserve policy is driving equity prices higher, it is also likely widening the gap between the haves and the have-nots....The disparity between the net worth of those on the top rung of the income ladder and those on lower rungs has been growing. According to the latest data from the Federal Reserve's Survey of Consumer Finances, the total wealth of the top 10 percent income bracket is larger in 2009 than it was in 1995. Those further down have on average barely made any gains. It is likely that data for 2010 and 2011 will reveal an even higher percentage going to the top earners, given recent increases in stocks." Alas, this is nothing new, and merely confirms speculation that the Fed is arguably the most efficient wealth redistibution, or rather focusing, mechanism available to the status quo. This is best summarized in the chart below comparing net worth by income distribution for various percentiles among the population, based on the Fed's own data. In short: the richest 20% have gotten richer in the past 14 years, entirely at the expense of everyone else.
Another indication of the increasing polarity of US society is the disparity among consumer confidence cohorts by income as shown below, and summarized as follows: "The increase in equity prices has raised consumer spirits, particularly among higher-income consumers. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence index for all income levels bottomed in February/March of 2009. The recovery since then has been notable across the board, but nowhere as much as for those making $50,000 or more."
Lastly, nowhere is the schism more evident, at least in market terms, than in the performance of retail stocks:
Saks chairman Steve Sadove recently remarked, “I've been saying for several years now the single biggest determinant of our business overall, is how's the stock market doing.” Privately-owned Neiman- Marcus reported “In New York City, business at Bergdorf Goodman continues to be extremely strong.”
In contrast, retail giant Wal-Mart talks of its “busiest hours” coming at midnight when food stamps are activated and consumers proceed through the check-outs lines with baby formula, diapers, and other groceries. Wal-Mart has posted a decline in same-store sales for eight consecutive quarters.
The conclusion: the end of QE, for now, may help bring US society a little closer, however temporarily.
The withdrawal of Fed accomodation may eventually stop supporting a wider income gap. In the event that further support is needed for the economy, though, this result of monetary policy acting without fiscal support — food stamps, extended uninsurance benefits and so on — should be considered.
Well, further support will be needed, but since the bottom 80% of US society is largely irrelevant in all matters that matter, one can surely hope that this major strata of the population will get some more focus in the future. Although we certainly do not have big expectations.
Alberta Premier Alison Redford's trip to London during the Olympics will cost taxpayers $83,800.
Redford will spend five days in London beginning Sunday along with Tourism Minister Christine Cusanelli and Culture Minister Heather Klimchuk and three staff members.
Redford will not be attending any sporting events, said the premier's spokesman Jay O'Neill.
The province is hosting three receptions and Redford will be delivering speeches at two others — a "Canadian Energy Day" hosted by the federal Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade and a Canada-UK Chamber of Commerce function, he said.
The money is well spent, said O'Neill.
"If we want to be seen as being international — being on the international stage — I don't think we want to put a price tag on it," said O'Neill. "We have to do these things. These are the right things to do at this time and Alberta will see the benefits of it."
In a press release, Redford said the event is an opportunity to connect with decision-makers, executives and investors at the same time and in the same place.
"They are where the world meets and that's where Alberta needs to be," she said.
But Liberal Leader Raj Sherman says the cost of the trip is excessive.
"We support getting Alberta's message to the world but not at this exhorbitant price," he said. "It's a slap in the face to hardworking Albertans frankly."
Since ancient times, humans have assigned healing and transformational properties to water. In early Rome, baths were an important part of cultural life, a place where citizens went to find relaxation and to connect with others in a calming setting. In ayurveda, the ancient Indian medicinal wisdom, and traditional Chinese medicine, the water element is crucial to balancing the body and creating physical harmony. Rivers have long been seen as sacred places, and in a number of different spiritual contexts, water has symbolized rebirth, spiritual cleansing and salvation.
Today, we still turn to water for a sense of calm and clarity. We spend our vacations on the beach or at the lake; get exercise and enjoyment from water sports like surfing, scuba diving, sailing, and swimming; refresh ourselves with long showers and soothing baths, and often build our lives and homes around being near the water.
Our affinity for water is even reflected in the near-universal attraction to the color blue. We're naturally drawn to aquatic hues -- the color blue is overwhelming chosen as the favorite color of people around the world, and marketing research has found that people tend to associate it with qualities like calm, openness, depth and wisdom.
Wallace J. Nichols, a marine biologist, believes that we all have a "blue mind" -- as he puts it, "a mildly meditative state characterized by calm, peacefulness, unity, and a sense of general happiness and satisfaction with life in the moment" -- that's triggered when we're in or near water.
"We are beginning to learn that our brains are hardwired to react positively to water and that being near it can calm and connect us, increase innovation and insight, and even heal what's broken," Nichols writes in Blue Mind: The Surprising Science That Shows How Being Near, In, On, or Underwater Can Make You Happier, Healthier, More Connected, and Better at What You Do, published in July. "We have a 'blue mind' -- and it's perfectly tailored to make us happy in all sorts of ways that go way beyond relaxing in the surf, listening to the murmur of a stream, or floating quietly in a pool."
Here, Nichols speaks about how water can heal the mind and body and help you tap into your most calm and creative state of being. Here are six important benefits of finding your "blue mind."
Water gives our brains a rest.
In our everyday lives, we're constantly bombarded with sensory stimuli, whether from our devices, busy homes and offices, or hectic city streets. Our brains need downtime, but they rarely get enough of it.
Being around water gives our brains and our senses a rest from overstimulation.
"The sound around us, from an auditory perspective, is simplified. It's not quiet, but the sound of water is far more simple than the sound of voices or the sound of music or the sound of a city," Nichols tells the Huffington Post. "And the visual input is simplified. When you stand at the edge of water and look out on the horizon, it's visually simplified relative to the room you're sitting in right now, or a city you're walking through, where you're taking in millions of pieces of information every second."
When we're near, on, in or underwater, we get a cognitive break because there's simply less information coming in. Our brains don't shut down -- they keep working, but in a different way, according to Nichols. "When you have that simplified, quieter 'blue' space, your brain is better at a different set of processes," he says.
Water can induce a meditative state.
Many of us love to sit near the ocean or a river and gaze out at the water -- often, we can sit for long periods simply observing the gentle movements of the water. Why? Though we may not be conscious of it, the water could be inducing a mildly meditative state of calm focus and gentle awareness.
When we're by the water, our brains are held in a state of mild attentiveness -- what Nichols calls a "soft fascination." In this state, the brain is interested and engaged in the water, taking in sensory input but not distracted by an overload of it, as we might be with the "hard fascination" we experience while watching an action movie or playing a video game.
Being in a mindful state -- in which the brain is relaxed but focused -- benefits the mind and body on a number of different levels. A growing body of research has found myriad benefits associated with mindfulness, including lower stress levels, relief from mild anxiety, pain and depression, improved mental clarity and focus, and better sleep quality.
Water can inspire us to be more compassionate and connected.
While in the restful, contemplative state associated with observing or interacting with water, it's also common to experience feelings of awe, Nichols' research has found. The emotion of awe invokes feelings of a connection to something beyond oneself, a sense of the vastness of nature and an attempt to make sense of the experience.
"That switches you from a 'me' orientation to a 'we' orientation," says Nichols, citing research findings that feelings of awe can increase our capacity for connection and empathy.
"When you experience that feeling of awe, you get that 'one with the universe' feeling," says Nichols. "You feel connected to yourself, the world around you, and whoever you happen to be with. That puts you in a 'we' state of mind."
It's no coincidence, then, that many of life's most romantic moments take place by the water -- engagements, weddings and honeymoons overwhelmingly occur in waterside locations.
"We hold important ceremonies by water. Both in life and in death, we gather by water when we can," says Nichols. "If we can't gather outside by water, there's often a water component indoors."
A blue mind is a creative mind.
Hopping in the shower, as many people know, can be a great way to trigger ideas when our brains are in a creative rut.
In our always-busy, screen-saturated lives, we don't give our minds much of a chance to rest and wander freely. But when we do, the mind switches into a different mode of engagement, known as the default mode network -- the brain network associated with daydreaming, imagination, consolidation of memories, self-referential thought, insight and introspection. The default mode network is extremely important for creativity -- which is often why we find that when we turn off our brains for a moment and get in the shower, activating that default network, that we suddenly come up with the insights and ideas that eluded us while we were sitting at our computers desperately searching for the solution.
"The shower is a proxy for the Pacific Ocean or the Atlantic Ocean," says Nichols. "You step in the shower, and you remove a lot of the visual stimulation of your day. Auditorially, it's the same thing -- it's a steady stream of 'blue noise.' You're not hearing voices or processing ideas. You step into the shower and it's like a mini-vacation."
Rather than switching off, when you're showering, your brain switches into a different mode -- and while the brain is in a more restful state, suddenly you're able to make those new or unusual connections. The "Eureka" moment comes at last -- the insight or solution "feels like it drops out of the sky and into your head," says Nichols.
Exercise by or in water is good for our bodies and brains.
Exercise in any setting can improve our physical and mental health on a number of different levels, and can be an excellent way of reducing stress. But you may get even more benefit from your exercise by ditching the gym and taking a jog by the ocean or a swim in the lake instead.
"We know that water -- being surrounded by blue space -- helps us relax, and we know that exercise is good for our bodies and our brains," says Nichols. "If somebody is experiencing a number of problems that exercise and stress reduction may help with, [water] is a good add-on. Find a river trail and run there, or get on a bike, or row or swim."
Being outside near water while you're exercising will potentially give you more of a mental boost than exercising in a crowded, hectic gym environment with TVs in front of you and people all around. Many people feel intuitively that being in the presence water provides tangible benefits for their well-being, and as Nichols explains, their instincts are right.
This is at the heart of Bly's "mythopoetic" approach to male malaise. Drums, Sweat And Tears
And the men's groups of today tend to be centered on traditional religion, not Bly's "mythopoetic" antics. Remember the men's movement?
This celebration engages our mythopoetic imagination with those early swashbucklers who had some admirable traits. The Bushman Way of Tracking God
Though you get there by flight, you firmly land on the substrate of mythopoetic ground. The Bushman Way of Tracking God
Yet the mythopoetic content is as significant, in that we find our dying god and central character embodied as a 1967 Chrysler Imperial. G. Roger Denson: From Detroit, Egypt: Matthew Barney Resurrects an American God
The mythopoetic power of the car, aligned with the history of the open Road in America, was from the beginning destined to become one of America's, and Democracy's, most exalted myths. G. Roger Denson: From Detroit, Egypt: Matthew Barney Resurrects an American God
Barney's mythopoetic investment in the DJED installation is heightened by what for him is its somber materiality and coloring; its powdery, chipped and unreflective textures; the blackness and greyness of the ash, dirt, detritus and slag deposited around the room. G. Roger Denson: From Detroit, Egypt: Matthew Barney Resurrects an American God
In contrast to Mehta's and Neshat's depictions of religious women's homosocieties, Marina Abramovic's excursions into the homosocial divide consists of reprising mythopoetic imagery and ritual performance that represent the equalizing valuations of women believed to have marked many agrarian populations around the world. G. Roger Denson: XX Chromosocial: Women Artists Cross The Homosocial Divide
They, by the continuity of their photographic self-immersions, compel us to expect the process of the photographed life even when entering the realms of the fictitious and mythopoetic to play itself out to the end. G. Roger Denson: "Old," "Crazy" and "Hysterical." Is That All There Is?
The National Accountability Bureau (NAB) conducted a raid at the Karachi Development Authority (KDA) office in Civic Centre on Thursday in connection with an ongoing inquiry against former KDA director general (DG) Nasir Abbas.
The NAB team arrested Director Syed Obaid Ahmed and seized crucial records pertaining to offences committed by the accused.
He was arrested on leads gathered by the investigating team after interrogations by Abbas, who is already in NAB's custody.
Ahmed is prima facie involved in approving amenity plots for illegal use and will soon be produced before an accountability court for physical remand.
Abbas's custody was transferred from the Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) — which was interrogating him for falsifying information to obtain a passport — to NAB early last month. The bureau is investigating his alleged involvement in corrupt practices under Section 9 (a) of NAB Ordinance 1999.
We're never ones to pass up free food like the biscuits that Carl's Jr. is offering up gratis this morning.
But the name of the event -- Free Biscuit Day -- is a bit misleading. It's more like Free Biscuit Morning, with one complimentary sausage biscuit available for dine-in customers during breakfast hours Wednesday.
Carpinteria-based Carl's is heavily pushing its handmade buttermilk biscuits, already offered for years at sister restaurant Hardee's. The fluffy baked goods are now available at more than 300 Carls Jr. restaurants in Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino and Ventura counties.
The biscuit-dominated breakfast menu at Hardee's, whose restaurants are scattered across the Midwest and Southeast, makes up 45% of the chain's overall sales. Without the biscuits, Carl's Jr.'s breakfast represents just 15% of overall sales.
Now Carl's is pumping up the sundry appeal of the product in its advertising, trying to set itself apart from “some other restaurant chains [that] think that machine-produced, frozen biscuits are acceptable.”
The chain claims to use dedicated biscuit bakers who roll the dough by hand and then prepare them in specially-fitted commercial ovens and at dedicated tables. Besides the sausage biscuit, there are also variations involving egg, cheese, bacon and ham as well as a gravy biscuit and a strawberry version.
RELATED:
Food products described as artisan go mainstream
Starbucks adds juice, prepares to launch health chain
-- Tiffany Hsu
Photo: The Monster Biscuit at Carl's Jr. Credit: Carl's Jr.
Video: Carl's Jr.'s new ad stars a Southern gentleman who literally comes from the South.
Even though Republicans now control the White House and both chambers of Congress, that doesn't mean they will have an easy time agreeing on and implementing a plan to fund the government going forward.
Though we are still a couple weeks away from seeing the actual text of the President's budget blueprint, many controversial pieces of the plan have been revealed, including a $54 billion hike in military spending, and deep cuts to the State Department, the Environmental Projection Agency and the Coast Guard, among other departments and agencies.
Already, signs of revolt are emerging on Capitol Hill, and top budget experts warn of an array of legal and political obstacles standing in Trump's way.
Here are 5 points to keep in mind as the budget battle unfolds:
We could be headed for another government shutdown.
In 2011, Congress passed the Budget Control Act, which set strict spending caps on both the military and domestic agencies, the dreaded sequestration. Under that law, it would be illegal for Congress to boost spending on the former by making cuts to the latter.
“You have two pots of money and you can't exchange between the two,” Stan Collender, a former top staffer on the House and Senate budget committees, told TPM.
That means Trump would have to convince 60 members of the Senate to vote to raise the cap just on the military side. Democrats will in all likelihood present a united opposition front, and such a bill can't pass without them. Several Republican lawmakers have admitted that this gambit is impossible.
“I don't think you'll get 60 votes to just lift it on defense only,” Lindsey Graham (R-SC) told TPM on Wednesday.
The 2013 government shutdown over Obamacare
So what's a tried-and-true way to get lawmakers to vote for something they hate? Attach it to a must-pass bill to keep the government running or to raise the debt ceiling. Such an opportunity is coming up in late April, when Congress either has to pass a continuing resolution to continue funding the government or risk another federal shutdown. They'll get another bite at the apple this summer, as Congress must vote to raise the debt ceiling by August or September or risk a national default.
“I definitely think we're headed for another clash and possibly a shutdown,” said Bill Hoagland, who worked for decades for the Senate Budget Committee. “I don't think we'll default on our debt. We never have before, and they must know it would be a black mark on Republicans if we did.”
Trump's other options involve breaking the law.
Faced with that daunting 60-vote threshold, the administration may be forced to explore other options. According to Collender, “the only options are outside the law or questionable.”
“This is an administration that has been signaling that they won't let the law stop them from doing what they want to do,” he said. “They'll look for extra-legal ways to get it done.”
One of those extra-legal options would be ordering the Office of Management and Budget to simply ignore the Budget Control Act. Another would be to put the $54 billion in new defense spending in the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund—the pot of money for the nation's active wars in Iraq and Afghanistan that is not subject to budget caps. If the money is then not used for those wars, this would violate the law.
Trump's newly confirmed budget director Mick Mulvaney was adamantly opposed to the Pentagon using OCO to get around budget limits when he was a member of Congress, but he may have had a change of heart since joining the Trump administration.
Trump is targeting popular programs that Republican lawmakers want to protect.
To get anywhere close to the $54 billion in cuts to non-defense discretionary spending needed to fund a similar-size increase for the Pentagon, Trump would need to cut about 10 percent of every single federal program and agency, outside of the entitlement programs Trump has vowed not to touch.
The cuts, explained Hoagland, would target the areas that have already been the hardest hit over the past five years. “There has already been nearly a 14 percent decrease in non-defense discretionary spending since 2011,” he said. “To go even further would involve severely cutting things like NASA, the Small Business Administration, Amtrak, the Job Corps, Head Start, and Pell Grants. Cutting things like that I call ‘eating your seed corn.' It would really hamper economic growth.”
Usually ones to cheer cuts to federal funding, some Republicans have become so troubled that particular programs are on the chopping block that they are already speaking out against Trump's plans.
Rep. Mike Simpson (R-ID) told reporters this week that he's concerned the plan to cut a full quarter of the EPA's budget would have a devastating impact on the ground. “Much of what they do is state and local grants for clean water and clear air and that kind of stuff,” he said. “I don't know if you want to cut that.”
Congressional opposition is even stronger when it comes to the State Department, which Trump has proposed cutting by more than a third.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) bluntly told reporters that a budget with such cuts could “probably not” pass the Senate. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) blasted the proposal, telling TPM that cutting funding for diplomatic envoys, global health initiatives and other State Department programs “makes us less safe, puts our diplomats at risk, and destroys soft power. You need soft power to win the war.”
Simpson said many of his Republican colleagues, even those remaining silent for the time being, will stand up against the cuts when the time comes to debate and vote on the budget. “There is more to our government than just defense,” he added. “Congress will make their voice known on this. The middle-of-the-road people want to see government work.”
Budget experts like Collender, however, are skeptical that Trump will listen to the lawmakers' concerns. He predicts that instead of a collaborative process, Trump will push forward with his plan and attack any Republicans who stand in the way. “I'm not sure the Trump administration cares much about the Republican caucus on the Hill, and would just as soon throw them under the bus to get what it wants,” he said.
It's impossible to analyze the budget while we're still in the dark on taxes, infrastructure, and health care.
The Trump administration is moving full steam ahead with this budget before lawmakers have clear guidance on plans to radically overhaul the tax code, spend an additional trillion dollars on infrastructure, and repeal the Affordable Care Act. Each one of these plan could have a huge impact on how much money is available to spend, yet they're being discussed separately from the budget itself.
This, says Joel Friedman with the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, makes no sense. “You need to pull all these pieces together to look at the totality of what they're doing,” he said. “The problematic thing is that the budget we're going to see doesn't pull all those things together. They're only focusing on the appropriations part, which isn't the full story.”
Despite boasts from Republicans earlier this week that the plan to repeal and replace Obamacare will rapidly move forward very soon, deep divisions and uncertainties remain. GOP leaders are currently keeping their draft plan under lock and key in the basement of the Capitol, barring Democrats and most Republicans from reading it. They also plan to push for a vote before the Congressional Budget Office has an opportunity to crunch the numbers and announce what the bill would cost and how many people would lose or gain insurance.
The CBO's analysis of the 2015 Obamacare repeal bill, which conservatives on Capitol Hill say they want to emulate this time around, found that it would increase the federal budget deficit by $137 billion over a decade.
Without knowing the economic forecast this time around, lawmakers may have a hard time voting to approve either a massive spending cut or a large increase.
The ghost of Ronald Reagan.
Budget experts say the country has not seen anything remotely like Trump's plan for decades, and the most recent historical analogue is the first budget of President Ronald Reagan, which similarly slashed domestic social programs to fund a gargantuan increase in military spending.
As you may remember, that didn't work out so well.
The deficit soared, government spending and the number of federal workers increased despite Reagan's promises to bring them down, shuttered federal programs had to be reopened, and number of people living in poverty shot up.
“Reagan found that his budget went too far too fast and increased the deficit by too much,” said Collender. “He had to backtrack. He signed four tax increases after that.”
Collender worries that if he found himself in a similar situation, Trump may not be willing to take the steps Reagan took to contain the damage. “I don't think Trump is the same kind of president as Reagan. He's not as experienced in government, and I don't think he feels the same level of responsibility,” he said. “I think he is more willing to break the china.”
BERKELEY — ​Milo Yiannopoulos' much-hyped “Free Speech Week” turned into a free-for-all Sunday between supporters of the conservative bad boy and anti-fascist protesters who clashed in mostly peaceful nose-to-nose shouting matches throughout the streets of Berkeley.
Related Articles UC Berkeley's ‘Free Speech Week' canceled, appeared to be a set-up But the provocateur's 15-minute, blink-and-it-was-over appearance in heavily fortified Sproul Plaza was anything but free for the campus that has been under assault by conservatives challenging its claim as the birthplace of the Free Speech Movement.
UC Berkeley spent about $800,000 on a massive security detail that drew police from eight law enforcement agencies and campuses across the state.
“It feels like probably the most expensive photo opp in the university's history,” said UC Berkeley spokesman Dan Mogulof.
Wearing an American flag hoodie under a jean jacket and his ubiquitous sunglasses, Yiannopoulos signed autographs, posed for selfies, sang the National Anthem and chatted informally with about 150 supporters, many donning “Make America Great Again” hats, as counter-protesters and members of the media watched from behind barricades.
Without a public address system, it wasn't clear what Yiannopoulos told the crowd in brief remarks that substituted as a kickoff to his Free Speech Week, which a sponsoring student group canceled on Saturday. After about 15 minutes, his security detail whisked him through protesters to a white GMC Yukon outside Barrows Hall — and just like that, he was gone.
Dozens of people still waiting in line to pass through metal detectors to see the former Breitbart News columnist were not even aware he had shown up. About 700 to 800 people were outside the barricades when Yiannopoulos spoke, UC Berkeley Police Chief Margo Bennett said.
With entourage of bodyguards Milo gets in GMC Yukon with Utah plates and he's out. pic.twitter.com/tzGaBlxRb0 — David DeBolt (@daviddebolt) September 24, 2017
Marco Gutierrez, a Trump supporter who came from Discovery Bay, was one of them. Frustrated by the long security line, he was disappointed he didn't get in.
“When we try to do anything that resembles conservative activism,” he said, “it's hard.”
Plastic orange barricades surrounded the plaza as police in riot gear encountered a raucous crowd of protesters who started gathering two hours before the event, exchanging tense words in shouting matches that began anew after Yiannopoulos' quick visit. Afterward, protesters spilled into the streets for impromptu marches.
Vacaville PD, Solano County cops here. As a native of Vacaville, I can safely say they have little protest experience. #FreeSpeechWeek pic.twitter.com/HejWZxrCnO — David DeBolt (@daviddebolt) September 24, 2017
A student group, By Any Means Necessary, celebrated Yiannopoulos' hasty exit from campus.
“It was beautiful. We basically pacified a violent situation by sticking together for unity and community against racists and bigots,” said Richard Alvarado, 27, a member of the student group.
Police announced four arrests after the noon protests, but by late afternoon there were no reports of injuries. Later in the afternoon, at Berkeley's Civic Center Park, police took at least seven people into custody, including four dressed in black-bloc gear typical of antifa leftist activists and detained one man in a “Make America Great Again” hat who was carrying a wooden shield after a dispute over an American flag.
Attempts to reach Yiannopoulos by phone after his appearance were unsuccessful, but he complained on Facebook that police had thwarted many of his supporters' efforts to enter Sproul Plaza.
“A yelling protester made it impossible for any of our speakers to be heard,” he said, blaming Berkeley officials for not allowing amplified sound. He also said he was told to evacuate after antifa showed up. University officials said Yiannopoulos and his entourage left on their own.
At a news conference, Bennett said the makeshift security line into Sproul Plaza was delayed when police stopped one person trying to pass through the metal detector with plastic brass-style knuckles, she said.
Two other speakers from the Free Speech Week lineup, anti-Islam writer Pamela Geller and conspiracy theorist Mike Cernovich, also showed up Sunday. Clashes began hours before their appearance.
Trump supporters, hoisting signs with slogans such as “Stop Liberal Intolerance,” shouted it out with counter-protesters, yelling “No KKK, No fascists USA,”
“We're standing up today to keep Nazis off our campus,” one protester yelled from a bullhorn, calling on others to take a knee to block Yiannopoulos supporters from Sproul Plaza.
The two sides also clashed over President Trump's controversial tweet calling on fans to boycott the NFL if players continue kneeling during the National Anthem.
https://twitter.com/karlmondon/status/912010605774512128
Sunday's showdown in Berkeley came after weeks of hype over plans by Berkeley Patriot, a conservative student group, to bring a who's who of provocative speakers to campus to challenge the famously progressive university's tolerance to host alternative speakers. But one of the speakers on Saturday claimed in an email exchange with a UC Berkeley official obtained by the Bay Area News Group that the event was nothing but a publicity stunt from the start.
Ahead of Sunday, campus police released a list of prohibited items, including weapons and anything that could be used as a weapon. Backpacks and masks were also banned — although some in the crowd donned masks.
Baracades around Sproul Plaza for whatever is supposed to happen today at #FreeSpeechWeek pic.twitter.com/h2QV3SDGmm — Thomas Peele (@thomas_peele) September 24, 2017
The city of Berkeley on Sunday also said it would ban sticks, pipes and other items that could be used in a riot from three city parks — Civic Center Park, Ohlone Park and Willard Park. Earlier this year, protesters used the park to gather and practice fighting maneuvers.
Self-proclaimed “American Nationalist,” Kyle Chapman of Daly City was arrested after a Trump rally in March in Berkeley and charged with carrying a leaded cane. He was back for Sunday's speech.
“I just expect to support Milo,” said Chapman before entering the plaza.
Yiannopoulos has made a career of insulting people online with racist and sexist diatribes. He promised to rattle UC Berkeley with four days of speakers — including conservative commentator Ann Coulter and former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon — after his plans to speak on campus in February were canceled amid violent protests. While the student group sponsoring the event announced Saturday it was pulling out of Free Speech Week, Yiannopoulos vowed to show up Sunday anyway with a big surprise.
“I think he's here to provoke the left, and the left takes the bait,” said Dave Gottfried, who was manning an “empathy tent” nearby and hoping to convince people with different views to hear each other out.
Yiannopoulos supporters came from far and wide Sunday to hear him speak.
“He speaks his mind,” said Cory Marx, 23, who drove up from Temecula wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat. Of the protesters, he said: “If they want to protest, God bless 'em, that's what free speech is about.”
Related Articles Dance great Akram Khan brings his final solo work to Berkeley
UC police seek suspect after conservative group's member says he was attacked
UC Berkeley professor suspended in another campus sex scandal
Berkeley: Is Amazon too big to boycott?
Berkeley woman found unconscious remembers nothing Shanol Bajrami, a student at the Graduate Theological Union in north Berkeley, worried that Sunday would spark the same turmoil the last time Yiannopoulos came to campus when “the whole city went up in chaos. It doesn't accomplish anything.”
Students and faculty say they are frustrated with the time and resources spent to facilitate Yiannopoulos's appearance on campus. Some students attempted to go about their weekends. One, finding a set of typically open student union doors locked, shouted an expletive before shaking his head and walking away.
As rallies continued into the afternoon Sunday, university officials turned their attention to the rest of the week. It isn't clear whether organizers will try to pull off other Free Speech Week events, but Bennett said officers are monitoring social media. “We're going to be ready if necessary.”
Alt right dude ready for action at #FreeSpeechWeek pic.twitter.com/eE6DMsiDV0 — Thomas Peele (@thomas_peele) September 24, 2017
Today's post features Nancy, pride of the Lone Star State, a self proclaimed bag lady, and a genius!
Nancy wrote,
My husband recently came home from a convention/tradeÂ show with about 4 canvas bags with company logos screened on them. I sewed in an inside pocket,Â then cut a strip of retro-look bark cloth and sewed it on the outside to cover the logos. It was a quick, fun project and the bags were free!
Pictured below are plain, muslin bags Nancy bought for 99Â¢ a piece. She used light weight vintage fabrics to customize the bags. It's a terrific project for novice sewers, and would make great gifts. As Nancy said, “Who doesn't love a bag?”
Thanks for sharing Nancy!
Share this: Email
Facebook
Telegram
Skype
Pinterest
Tumblr
Pocket
Twitter
More
Print
LinkedIn
Reddit
WhatsApp
Thanks to all Senators who supported ENDA! I encourage the House to follow suit and end discrimination.
“The time has come for Congress to pass a federal law that ensures all citizens, regardless of where they live, can go to work not afraid of who they are,” Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader, said on Thursday, noting that a vast majority of Americans already think such a law is in place. “Well, it isn't already the law,” he added. “Let's do what the American people think already exists.”
Republicans who voted against the bill, known as the Employment Nondiscrimination Act, were muted in their opposition. The first senator to rise and speak against the bill on the floor all week was Dan Coats of Indiana, who said Thursday morning that religious freedoms were at risk, despite the bill's broad exemption for religious institutions.
Those exemptions, he said, did not go far enough.
Note: Due to the potentially controversial nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Politics, Religion, Social Issues forum. All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts.
The United States Senate has approved the anti-discrimination bill that Apple CEO Tim Cook endorsed in an Op-Ed earlier this week.In a 64-32 vote, the Senate voted to pass the Employment Nondiscrimation Act today, sending the legislation to the U.S. House of Representatives where its future is uncertain. The bill adds gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender individuals to the U.S.'s existing nondiscrimination law.Tim Cook tweeted about the passing of the bill, saying:In his op-ed, Tim Cook wrote that Apple has made it a point to create "a safe and welcoming workplace for all employees, regardless of their race, gender, nationality or sexual orientation", while also elaborating on employee rights to express identity in a working environment.
Introduction
Workers pick strawberries in the fields next to Rio Mesa High School in Oxnard, California. Talia Buford/Center for Public Integrity
May 14, 2016: This story has been corrected.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has the discretion to decide the scope of a civil rights investigation and whether to broker a settlement, a U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled.
In a decision issued Wednesday, the appellate court sided with a lower court ruling that affirmed the EPA's settlement of a 1999 complaint, filed under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act, alleging that Latino schoolchildren in California were being disproportionately impacted by pesticide-spraying. The children's parents filed a lawsuit asking that the settlement be overturned because it took the EPA 12 years to resolve the case and the agency had failed to consider circumstances that had changed during that period.
The plaintiffs argued that the EPA's pattern of delay in enforcing civil rights law amounted to an adbication of duty that warranted judicial action. In a decision that did not set a precedent, the appellate court said the EPA had acted in the California case, despite what it called a “lamentable” delay.
“This case centers not around the effects of EPA's delay, but rather around EPA's interpretation of its own enforcement duties under Title VI, a matter committed to its discretion by law,” the court said. It continued: “While the EPA's delay is lamentable, plaintiffs can no longer claim a judicially redressable harm resulting from it.”
The EPA referred requests for comment to the Department of Justice. A spokesman said the department had no comment.
Brent Newell, legal director for the Center on Race, Poverty and the Environment, one of three groups that filed the complaint, said he “respectfully disagrees” with the court's decision and worries what it might mean going forward. The Center for Public Integrity reported last year that the EPA's Office of Civil Rights almost never issued a finding on behalf of complainants in environmental discrimination cases.
“This outcome, if it stands, raises the importance of EPA reform even higher because the enforcement of the Civil Rights Act shouldn't be at an agency's total discretion,” Newell said. “EPA has shown through its history that it abuses that discretion.”
The original complaint against the California Department of Pesticide Regulation sat dormant for more than a decade. Environmental advocates decried the settlement reached in 2011, saying it offered inadequate protections for the children. CRPE issued a report last month that examined EPA emails and memos generated during the investigation. The report concluded that the communications showed the “institutional barriers” that kept the agency from enforcing civil-rights law.
EPA regulations give the agency five days to acknowledge receipt of a civil rights complaint and 20 days to decide if it will do an investigation. The investigation itself should take no more than 180 days, barring special circumstances. In its ruling Wednesday, the appellate court said those regulations are “at most, a set of procedural guidelines,” and not subject to judicial review. Implicit in the EPA's discretion to decide whether and when to accept cases, the court said, is the “lesser power to determine the scope of the investigation in the event the complaint is accepted.”
In December, the agency issued a notice of proposed rulemaking that would eliminate the deadlines in order to give the agency more flexibility with complaints.
Correction, May 14, 2016, 3:00 p.m.: An earlier version of this story mischaracterized the scope of the appellate court's ruling.
In the debate between treatment-free and treating beekeepers, the statement and question has been posed many times before… “The bees you have are not ‘feral', they are being kept in an unnatural state, their genetics have been affected by man for thousands of years, so why not take care of your ‘animals' when they are sick, just like any other animal man keeps as stock or pets?”
To address this issue, we need to look at the definitions of both the words “domesticated” and “livestock”, which I'll address later in this article. In the beekeeping world, domestication is used as way to justify the act of treating bees. Some beekeepers are concerned about the definitions of these words because it could affect subsidies from the government when colony losses are experienced.
As Solomon Parker states on his Treatment Free Beekeeping podcast episode 41, “Bees are different from other livestock in that they are relatively short lived, and aside from our selective breeding, cannot become truly domesticated. What we have seen is bees treated to keep them alive, eventually to the point where they cannot survive even when treated.”
“Treated bees still die in huge numbers every year. By trying to domesticate these animals, we push them to the edge where they can't really survive at all anymore. Only a return to the bees' natural state will allow them to survive on their own, the way they were meant to. The fact is this, through thousands of years of natural selection and adaptation, bees… become adapted to their environment through the loss of poor performers and the multiplication of good performers.”
“Furthermore, bees are able to reproduce at a rate that other animals cannot. A queen can become a great-grandmother in a year under the right circumstances. You can't do that with a cow, a horse or a sheep.”
Now, the discussion might change a little when thought about in the context of the law. There is a lot of misinformation to be dispelled regarding liability in regards to beekeeping. Especially when it comes to deaths caused by stings. A beekeeper whose bees stung someone to death would want to show that they did everything in their power not to negligence their hives. But, as I've heard it said before… “Flying bees are God's bees. A bee sting is an act of God”. Whether this is true or not in the court of law, I'm not sure. One thing is for sure… they would have to prove that the bee in question came from the property owner / beekeeper's hive, which is many times impossible to determine.
But I digress.
When people use the word “domesticated”, it is more likely than not that what they are really mean is “tame”. Scientifically speaking, tame and domesticated are very different words with different meanings. However, it could be said that honey bees are not necessarily tame, but rather they should be considered domesticated. But the jury is still out on that.
According to a Wikipedia entry, “Domestication is a sustained multi-generational relationship in which one group of organisms assumes a significant degree of influence over the reproduction and care of another group to secure a more predictable supply of resources from that second group.”
And, specifically regarding insects, “Two insects have been domesticated: the silkworm and the western honey bee. Both have been used, often commercially, for over 5,000 years, the silkworm for the silk threads wound around its pupal cocoon, the bee for honey and lately also especially for pollination of crops.”
“Domestication traits are generally fixed within all domesticates, and were selected during the initial episode of domestication of that animal or plant, whereas improvement traits are present only in a proportion of domesticates, though they may be fixed in individual breeds or regional populations.”
“Domestication should not be confused with taming. Taming is the conditioned behavioral modification of a wild-born animal when its natural avoidance of humans is reduced and it accepts the presence of humans, but domestication is the permanent genetic modification of a bred lineage that leads to an inherited predisposition toward humans.”
By this definition, does this mean that hostile, angry bees are not domesticated bees? Many people believe that honey bees have been (or can be) tamed in the sense that they have been selectively bred to be less aggressive than their wild counterparts. This is where the “conditioned behavioral modification” part of the equation comes into play.
Does it really matter if honey bees are “domesticated”? Most beekeepers want their bees to be hardy, gentle and productive. It's what we all strive for, isn't it? As one beekeeper commented recently in a jesting manner on a Facebook post, “when I go out to look at my hive and the bees line up to get fed pancake syrup, then yes they are domesticated!” While, others take a different approach to the thought of domestication, saying, “We have domesticated bees. Feeding them, doctoring them, relocating them when they swarm. We have even changed their dimensions.”
Or, as another beekeeper comments, “Domesticated animals change their wild behavior to fit in with humans. There is no evidence the bees have changed to suit us humans. In my opinion they are wild animals that we have manipulated.”
In that same Facebook conversion, Susan Chernak McElroy, a beekeeper and best selling author comments, “I do not think of bees as being domesticated…. it has to do with how quickly a creature can return to it's fully wild traits. Bees do that in a single generation. They are able to throw off the constraints we've placed on them, and their wild abilities reignite quickly. I never will think of them as domestic”. Now, of course, in this situation, we are talking specifically about insects. I'm sure someone could also bring up domesticated hogs as an example of a mammal that can return to being wild and even change in their physical traits, in just a few generations, although they are considered livestock.
The meaning and definition of the word “livestock” has changed over time. Centuries ago, it could have meant “all kinds of movable personal property” which was differentiated from “immovable real estate”. federal legislation in the United States defines the term in ways to define various commodities that are either eligible or ineligible for a particular program or activity.
In a post on the BeeSource forum, one user states: “This page shows Code of Federal Regulations definitions that apply to federal crop loss insurance. While that CFR page does not explicitly define bees as livestock, they are treated very similarly.”
Garrett Brinton makes the argument, “People have been managing bees as livestock for thousands of years. They are still not fully ‘domesticated' in the sense that some other animals are. That's because even with all the selection and queen rearing practiced by beekeepers, most queens are still open-mated, and feral drones are still part of the picture. So I think the term ‘semi-domesticated' would be more accurate than trying to call them domesticated or non-domesticated”.
I tend to agree with this last statement. Because there are so many different ways to use the “livestock” and “domesticated”, I think using the word “semi-domesticated” would definitely make more sense in a conversion about honey bees. Whether you treat your bees or not, you should consider that just because you've placed them in a man-made box, it doesn't necessarily mean they are domesticated livestock. Bees will be bees. One day they're calm, the next day they're ornery. In my opinion, honey bees would still have been colonizing, reproducing, producing too much honey and defending their hives in the same manner they would have without human intervention. What do you think? Are bees domesticated? Are they tame? Should they be considered as livestock?
JERUSALEM — Three Israeli teenagers were missing in the West Bank and were presumed to have been kidnapped, Israeli military officials said on Friday. The episode tested Israel's already strained ties with the Palestinians and prompted the involvement of the State Department amid reports that one of the youngsters held United States citizenship.
Secretary of State John Kerry called President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel. A State Department official said, “We are working the issue as hard as we can.”
Mr. Netanyahu said he held Mr. Abbas responsible for the well-being of the missing teenage boys, who were studying at a religious high school and seminary in the West Bank.
The crisis comes at a delicate time, after the collapse this spring of American-brokered peace talks and less than two weeks after the establishment of the new Palestinian government that resulted from a reconciliation pact between the Palestine Liberation Organization, which is dominated by Mr. Abbas's mainstream Fatah movement, and Hamas, the Islamic militant group that dominates Gaza.
Weeks after Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico remains in desperate straits. The island–which is an American territory and whose citizens are full citizens of the United States according to both Supreme Court rulings and acts of Congress–is still almost entirely without power. Virtually every aspect of disaster recovery, from medical treatment to home reconstruction, either requires or is made orders of magnitude easier by electricity. And Maria didn't just wreck Puerto Rico's generating stations; it destroyed the entire transmission grid.
Elon Musk has now offered to help Puerto Rico out, possibly by deploying solar power around the island. Puerto Rico is ideally situated for solar power in many respects. It's relatively close to the equator–closer than any location in the continental United States–and it enjoys high amounts of sunshine for most of the year. Musk's company, SolarCity, has been absorbed by Tesla and has been looking for ways to scale its battery projects to more customers. Puerto Rico, with its 3.5 million inhabitants, would be an enormous lift for Tesla, possibly more than the company can really handle at this point. Tesla's similar efforts in American Samoa extended solar power and battery storage to an island with roughly 1,000 inhabitants. Puerto Rico has a population more than 1,000 times larger.
This wouldn't be the first time that Musk has raised an idea on Twitter and then carried it out as a long-term project; as The Verge notes, a Twitter bet between Musk and an Aussie software developer resulted in plans for what will be the world's largest lithium-ion battery when the station is finished. And there could be other benefits as well.
Historically, Puerto Rico has faced the second-highest electrical costs of any US state save Hawaii and its power grid was never in particularly good shape. Before Maria, Puerto Rico's power was generated by petroleum (47 percent), natural gas (34 percent), coal (17 percent), and renewable power (2 percent). The island no reserves of any fossil fuel, which means all of its conventional energy requirements must be carried by freighter. The island used to refine some of its own petroleum, but that practice ceased with the last refinery shutdown in 2009.
Building a power grid for the island that would cut its reliance on imported fossil fuels would be a major improvement, but it'd also be extremely expensive. There's a great deal of work to do to hammer out any concrete proposals, and it's not yet clear what kind of funding will be available. Puerto Rico's economy was in terrible shape before Maria, with a debt load of over $70 billion dollars. Now the island's situation is even worse, and as yet, we have no information on how or what Congress will do to help the territory–whose citizens are as American as any Texan or Floridian–recover their feet. The US government helped fund Musk's previous work in American Samoa, but whether it will extend such support to the ravaged island of Puerto Rico is anyone's guess.
Now read: How do solar cells work?
This morning, The Doctors discussed different methods and hormones that can be utilized to intensify women's orgasms. One is a clit pump, the other is a nasal spray that shoots a hormone into the brain.
I've tried lots of weird looking sex toys in my day, but the clit pump - which is an electronic sucking device that cups over the clitoris to engorge it with blood - looks kind of scary. It's supposed to be used daily as an "exercise" rather than right before sex to get in the mood, but the underlying sentiment is that it was a tool for masturbation.
The nasal spray seems a lot more interesting and possibly really helpful, particularly for peri-menopausal women suffering from lower libidos. It's a fast acting drug that shoots the hormone Oxytocin- which facilitates breastfeeding and bonding with babies, and studies also show it is linked with social recognition, bonding, anxiety, trust, and arousal - right into the brain.
In a contentious exchange Tuesday at an Iowa campaign event, a woman accused GOP presidential candidate Mike Huckabee of being a “hypocrite” for both promoting family values and defending the Duggar family when it was rocked by a molestation scandal.
“You supported them,” the woman said to Huckabee in video captured by Democratic-aligned super PAC American Bridge. “You supported them on your websites. When the Duggars came out and their son had molested the child [sic], you more or less said that you felt sorry for their parents. Their parents let it continue.”
Huckabee is a longtime ally of the ultra-conservative Christian family featured in the now-canceled TLC show “19 Kids and Counting.” The former Arkansas governor repeatedly defended the Duggars last summer after it was revealed that the eldest son, Josh Duggar, sexually abused five underage girls when he was a teenager. The family later confirmed that Josh Duggar molested four of his own sisters.
In December, Huckabee said that he never defended Josh Duggar, although he wrote in a Facebook post after the allegations were first made public that Duggar's actions were a “regrettable” youthful mistake. Huckabee maintained that he was defending Duggar's parents, but he also quietly removed endorsements from both Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar from his campaign website after the molestation allegations surfaced.
The GOP candidate walked a similarly fine line during Tuesday stop in Clinton, Iowa. Huckabee said that he never condoned “child abuse,” as the audience member had accused him of doing, and went on to ardently defend the Duggar family.
“Ma'am, let me tell you something,” he said while wagging his finger at the woman. “You have no idea what you're talking about. You don't know that family and I do.”
Huckabee accused the woman of coming to the event to “confront” him, but said “you cannot abuse, which is what you're doing, the reputation of a godly family who have been through hell because a son of theirs—one of their many children—did something evil.”
The audience member kept pushing back on Huckabee as others in the audience told her to quiet down. She insisted that the Duggar parents were aware of the abuse “for years.”
In a move reminiscent of his GOP rival Donald Trump's method of confronting protesters at his rallies, Huckabee eventually told the woman to leave the event, saying, “we're finished with you.”
The woman then told Huckabee that she had been “sexually molested” herself and said she didn't approve of anyone who will “stick up with a family that will hide it.” She walked out of the event after telling Huckabee: “I hope you don't make it to become president of the United States.”
Watch the full exchange below:
If you've been keeping up with Texas legislature this year, you've probably noted the many new or changed laws that either have or will go into effect in 2017. And the best way to not break a law, is to know the law - someone told me that, I think it was my grandfather...
The Houston Chron listed over 20 laws that are or going into effect sometime soon, so I chose the ones that affect the everyday Texan - I also listed a few that I believe demonstrate how we as a state are trying to do better year by year.
Civil Protection for "Good Samaritans"
Finally! This issue is addressed. Before this law, Texans could break into a vehicle if they were trying to save a child or disabled person inside without facing criminal charges. But they could still be on the hook for civil liability.
However, in the legislation provided , a new law beginning September 1 will protect 'good Samaritans' who break into cars if:
there's reason to believe the person inside is in imminent danger first notifies 911 uses the appropriate amount of force to break in Samaritan remains with the person they saved in a safe location
No More Suspensions for Children Below Third Grade
Already in effect, schools are no longer able to suspend students below the third grade level. Austin Statesman reported that instead of suspension, public schools would need to discipline children in a way that enforced positive behavior based on research.
Texting and Driving Ban
This is long overdue. While many counties and cities adopted some version of texting and driving bans, it was only until this year that Texas put up a statewide ban . The law goes into effect on September 1.
People Can Carry Swords Now
Carrying certain knives were legal in Texas, but come September 1 you'll be able to carry much more of your knife collection in public. All of t hese sharp edges will be fair game to carry .
dirks
stilettos
daggers
poniards
swords
spears
Bowie knives
Amnesty for Sex Assault Witnesses
After all of the incidents we've seen at Baylor and other Texas universities, this is a welcomed addition. Oftentimes students don't report violence or assault because they were doing something illegal as well (ie; drinking, drugs). This will grant amnesty for witnesses who report a sexual assault - hopefully uncovering more crimes in the process.
Recording Higher Ed Sex Assaults Electronically
Per Chron : effective immediately, students and college employees will be able to submit electronic anonymous reports of sexual assaults in their institutions.
Ridesharing Allowed in All of Texas
It was big news when Austin ousted rideshare companies like Uber and Lyft from their city. Then Houston followed. But all of this was in vain as a new law - effective immediately - bans cities from enforcing certain measures on these companies, according to Fortune .
Now Cheaper to Carry a Gun
Under Senate Bill 16 , the law lowers first-time license fees for a handgun. Initially $140, the fee has been dropped to $40 and the renewal fee also dropped from $70 to $40. Once in effect on September 1, Texas' fees could be the lowest in the country .
David's Law
This is a big one for our children. David's Law criminalizes cyberbullying, which is absolutely an issue across the nation - not just Texas. The law, according to mySA , makes it a Class A misdemeanor "to harass or cyberbully someone under the age of 18 through texts, social media, websites or other means with the intent of causing them to commit suicide or harm themselves".
Voter ID Changes
Starting September 1, if you don't have valid photo identification, voters will be able to cast their votes by showing another form of documentation with name and home address (ie; utility bill or bank statement). Voters would also have to sign an affidavit saying there's a valid reason they couldn't get a photo ID, per Chron .
Anonymous Lottery Winners
This makes perfect sense. If you are fortunate enough to win the lottery with $1 million or more, you can request to remain anonymous. This starts September 1 according to US News .
Free Pre-K for Fallen or Injured Officers' Children
Effective immediately, Chron reports young children of peace officers, firefighters and first responders who are injured or killed in the line of duty can attend state-funded Pre-k for free.
Spotting Human Trafficking
In an attempt to curtail human trafficking in Texas, public schools offering "commercial driver's license training includes training on how to recognize and prevent human trafficking". [ Chron ]
Longer Grace Periods for Students Without Lunch Money
Another good one for the kiddos. Going into effect September 1, the grace period for which parents need to settle the lunch bill at schools has been extended. This is so children without money aren't "lunch or food shamed" and forced to eat cold sandwiches or be turned away altogether.
Attacking Police Officers Now Officially a Hate Crime in Texas
Anyone who attacks a former or current police officer could be found guilty the same way someone is found guilty of committing a crime because of a person's color, disability, ethnicity, gender, sexual preference, etc. This is characterized as a hate crime. intentional property damage is also treated as such.
Gary Cook was a bit coy when it came to questions about the UFC's UK television deal asked of him during the various press conferences held the week of UFC on Fuel 9 in Sweden. Appointed as the new Executive Vice President and Managing Director of the UFC in Europe, the Middle East and Africa in September 2012, one of the main tasks most expected of him was to find a better deal for the UFC than ESPN were currently offering for the UK and Northern Ireland market.
With ESPN losing out on the rights to Premier League Football (soccer) games to Sky and BT Vision last June, and with BT announcing back in February they had bought many of the sports broadcast rights ESPN UK had left after losing such a crucial, commercial spectator sport -- think NFL rights for American networks -- those following this television turmoil were left wondering what the future held for the world's premier MMA promotion.
BT's name was dropped several times in Sweden by reporters, with Cook neither confirming nor denying a deal with them had been struck, but that they were in talks with BT among other service providers (namely bSKYb aka Sky Television).
Now Dave Meltzer is reporting the deal is done and we can expect to see UFC in its new home this summer, via his Wrestling Observer Newsletter (subscription required):
UFC has agreed to a new three-year television deal with British Telecon (sic) Sports in the U.K., effective in August, and lasting until 2016. BT Sports will replace ESPN U.K. as the home of UFC. ESPN U.K. doesn't have a lot of penetration, being a pay channel, and aired almost all UFC programming live, which meant it started 2-4 a.m. That's great for servicing the super hardcore fans, who were able to get all the PPVs free with a subscription to the channel, and hardcore U.K. sports fans are used to staying up all night to see major events from other parts of the world. But you aren't going to get casual fans to do so. UFC was looking for a deal that would include airing programming in prime time, both taped matches and magazine shows. UFC officials were not talking about this deal, which at press time was not officially announced. Over the weekend, when Garry Cook, who handled a lot of the media in Sweden, was asked about the subject, he said he had nothing to say, just saying the deal hasn't been announced but a deal was on the verge of being announced. British Telecon Sports is a new channel being built on the back of a three-year contract with the English Premier League, the top soccer league in the country, which is the closest thing to their NFL. BT is getting 38 games per season, a lot of them high profile. Sky is still the place to be for sports and for whatever reason, they haven't made a deal with UFC. ESPN U.K. is about to become non-existent, selling their assets to BT.
UFC are currently on a 1 year extension with ESPN in the UK, which has probably allowed them to negotiate with BT for a new deal rather than have their rights swept up in the assets ESPN has been selling off, showing great foresight on the UFC's part with the writing seemingly on the wall when ESPN failed to get any Premier League games for the new 2013 / 2014 season.
ESPN is expected to have at least one branded channel remain as part of the BT Sport package, most likely the one that focuses on American sports as its niche, and fans of Scottish Premier League, Europa League and the German Bundesliga will be able to watch on a BT Sport specific channel.
Through a little bit of digging I've found out current ESPN subscribers on Sky should be able to get BT Sport when it launches in the summer, and the expected EPG channel is 435 and 436 which is currently 'Sailing 1' and 'Sailing 2', but little more than placeholders in reality. Price plans are unknown for a BT Sport package, and presumably ESPN America stays as it is.
ESPN was part of the Virgin XL package as standard, and it's unknown if BT Sport will simply replace ESPN for Virgin Media Customers, or if it ends up being a little more complicated.
BT Vision isn't without controversy though, topping the premium subscription TV service providers in customer service complaints last year according to OfCom, the UK's communications regulator, which claims it received almost 4 times as many complaints as its nearest rival (Virgin Media). It will be interesting to see if any BT Vision customers, or even Sky and Virgin Media customers will have any issues subscribing in a few months time.
While it's not the Sky Sports deal many were hoping for, it's hard to know if this will be an improvement over ESPN outside of the better brand recognition BT has, being a familiar mainstay for the UK public for the better part of a century. The cynic in me could easily dismiss the new deal as 'ESPN with a UK name', but the optimist in me could see a better showcase of pre-recorded UFC content like The Ultimate Fighter or magazine style shows if that was part of the BT Sport deal, and UFC would absolutely benefit from Premier League Football games as a lead in.
Live programming is more often than not going to be post 2 a.m. local time due to the difference between British Standard Time and the Eastern and Pacific time zones UFC operates their PPVs under, but when ESPN wouldn't even show the Sweden event live (and yet Fuel TV in the USA did), I would hope the new deal with BT Sport wouldn't have similar pre-empting in favour of something like live German Bundesliga.
The main issue I have with this deal though -- and it was the same issue with the ESPN deal -- is by limiting all UFC content to a small selection of premium subscription channels you're likely only preaching to the converted, where a network or digital freeview presence is still their best bet at reaching as many people as they can in order to convert a larger number of them to invest in their live content. UFC briefly had an arrangement with FIVE to show fights from previous events on their network, but rarely before 11 p.m. and often post-midnight. A SKY deal could have meant a broader audience with their Sky 1 and Sky 2 entertainment channels, or even a deal with FOX UK (formerly FX UK) to show extra content. Why a SKY deal continues to elude the UFC is a mystery, though likely one that's financially driven.
Square Enix has released a new video message featuring Dragon Quest series creator Yuji Horii, who discusses the series origins in promotion of the series' recent and upcoming mobile releases.
Find the transcript below.
How was the Dragon Quest series born?
In terms of how I began creating Dragon Quest… At the time, I had been creating adventure games, but with these types of games, I felt like there were moments where players wouldn't know what to do when they get stuck with a particular conundrum. That said, if we made these “puzzles” too easy, players would be able to complete the game without putting in much effort.
It was then, while facing such a dilemma, that I came across role-playing games. In role-playing games, players can enjoy strengthening their own characters; therefore, to a certain extent, even if the “puzzles” happen to be somewhat easy, players are still able to play the game for extended periods of time. I thought that the game would be enjoyable if we incorporated a story into the existing system, and created one in which the player experiences the game as the main character. This is where it began.
What did you want to accomplish with the Dragon Quest series?
I thought that role-playing games had an interesting system, but they were still considered to be very nice at the time. I wanted to bring these games to home console devices and make them enjoyable, even without prior knowledge of all the difficult elements. As I pondered about what people considered to be fun, it resulted in my belief that people would most likely look forward to experiencing a different life and that's exactly what I wanted to achieve with Dragon Quest.
Any last comments?
We've already released Dragon Quest VIII and IV, but the remaining titles in the series are also making its way to mobile devices, so we'd greatly appreciate your continued support. Thank you.
Prime Minister Bill English now says Todd Barclay offered to play him the recording of an electorate staffer when they first spoke of it.
Photo: VNP / Phil Smith
Allegations that Mr Barclay, National's MP for Clutha-Southland, secretly recorded electorate staffer Glenys Dickson in the Gore office have cost him his political career.
Mr English has also come under intense scrutiny for his role in what began as a employment dispute, and has ended up a full-blown political scandal.
Mr English told police about a conversation he had with Mr Barclay last April during which the MP told him what he had done.
But he did not say exactly when that conversation had taken place.
Speaking after his annual conference speech in Wellington, Mr English told reporters Mr Barclay did offer to play the tape to him.
Photo: RNZ / Jane Patterson
But he said he did not think it was "appropriate" to take Mr Barclay up on his offer.
"There was an employment dispute going on to which I was not a party to, and this was some time after I'd left the electorate," he said.
"I was not working with the staff, I had no official role relative to that dispute."
Mr English was asked how that squared with his previous comments that there was no evidence the recording of Ms Dickson existed in the first place.
"I haven't denied anything, I've just said that what I was told I then passed to the police when they asked me about it.
"There was then an investigation, at the conclusion of which no charges were laid."
He "simply didn't know" whether a recording existed or not, he said.
Photo: RNZ / Craig McCulloch
Police are reassessing their information after more details came to light last week, and will soon make a decision about whether to open an investigation.
Mr English said today that he told Mr Barclay while last year's investigation was under way that he should co-operate with police.
He said if the investigation was reopened Mr Barclay should agree to be interviewed.
"Yes, it would be my view he co-operates. I respect his legal rights to make his own decisions about how he's represented and what action he takes."
Mr English said he was reluctant to be drawn into detailed discussions about what happened, because of the possibility of a new investigation.
There have also been questions about whether a member of the National Party Board approached Ms Dickson to encourage her to drop her police complaint.
Mr English said he was unaware of those allegations.
"Whatever allegations are there I'm sure could be looked at by the party or police ... I would not be surprised in a national organisation when there was this employment dispute going on with the local party involved in it, that the national board took an interest.
"There may be different interpretations about what that amounted to, and if there are serious allegations then of course they should be dealt with by the appropriate authority."
Newsroom has revealed new allegations that several complaints were made by party members to the Board about Mr Barclay breaking party rules, but he was reselected anyway.
Mr English said he understood those matters had been "fully discussed in the context of his selection".
"And that was about the party rules, and that is all absolutely a matter for the party to deal with, the rules around selection."
He said the situation in the Clutha-Southland electorate "may have been mentioned" between himself and National Party President Peter Goodfellow.
Mr Goodfellow said he had "complete confidence" that directors would have acted "entirely appropriately" in any discussions they had with Ms Dickson, and said they would have talked to her about her options.
Virtual reality can be used for much more than some interesting gaming experiments , and HTC wants users in "business and commercial environments" to be able to take advantage of its Vive VR hardware. Thus, the company announced its new Vive Business Edition (Vive BE), a full Vive system being sold for the low, low price of $1,200—or 50 percent more than the $800 consumer Vive.
Despite the increased cost, there doesn't seem to be anything different about the physical hardware you get with the Vive BE. The "business" system still comes with a headset, two controllers, two base stations, and all the necessary cables and face cushions you could need. All that extra money will instead help pay for a 12-month limited warranty and a "dedicated Vive Business Edition customer support line" (as well as "commercial licensing," if that's something your lawyer says you need for some reason).
That support line might be useful when one of your employees can't figure out how to plug the headphones into the little dongle on top of the headset, we suppose. Still, the $400 markup is a pretty dear price to pay for support on a system that's already pretty user-friendly. The "limited warranty" doesn't even cover things like "physical damage," "rough handling," or "accidents" that might arise from the headset being exposed to the general public in a business setting.
Businesses that want to overpay for their VR headsets can sign up for more information about the Vive BE as well as bulk purchasing discounts and installation services.
The 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ have witnessed some remarkable displays of goalkeeping from Guillermo Ochoa's spectacular stop from Neymar, to Tim Howard's record-breaking 16 saves against Belgium.
There's also been a string of fine displays from Costa Rica's Keylor Navas, penalty heroics from Sergio Romero and an almost Libero-esque display from Manuel Neuer in Germany's clash with Algeria.
And it is the two Finalists, Neuer and Romero who head in FIFA's Technical Study Group's shortlist for the best goalkeeper at Brazil 2014.
*Keylor Navas (CRC) *
The Levante stopper was arguably Costa Rica's best player at Brazil 2014, including a match-winning display in the Round of 16 ties against Greece. Making 21 saves in Los Ticos' five games, he was awarded the Budweiser Man of the Match Award on three occasions. At 26-years-old the best years of his career are firmly ahead of him.
Manuel Neuer (GER)
The Germany keeper has played in all of the Nationalelf's six games so far, making 25 saves and completing 202 passes. He's kept three clean sheets and been a commanding presence for Joachim Low's side so far. After winning a host of domestic honours, the UEFA Champions League and the FIFA Club World Cup, the FIFA World Cup and the Golden Glove is now in his sights.
Sergio Romero (ARG)
Penalty shoot-out saves from Ron Vlaar and Wesley Sneidjer sent La Albiceleste into the final, capping a fine tournament for the 27-year-old so far. The Monaco keeper has kept four clean sheets, making 15 saves in Brazil 2014 so far. Brought into international football by Diego Maradona, he has been Argentina's first choice keeper for five years.
FREMANTLE'S task of winning its first match of the year has become that much tougher, with skipper David Mundy a late withdrawal from Saturday night's derby against West Coast due to a calf complaint.
The Dockers captain has been replaced in the side's 22 by Tendai Mzungu, who was dropped following Fremantle's 65-point loss to the Western Bulldogs in round one.
Mundy has averaged 21 disposals and five clearances in the first two games of 2016.
He did have a slightly interrupted summer due to some groin soreness. Mundy missed the Dockers' first two NAB Challenge matches before playing against Geelong in the final pre-season game.
Mundy trained without any issues at the Dockers' open session on Tuesday at Fremantle Oval ahead of the derby but was withdrawn from the selected side on Friday.
Mzungu collected 25 disposals to go with six tackles for Peel Thunder in last week's WAFL match up against Swan Districts.
Matt De Boer was included in the side on Thursday night at the expense of Clancee Pearce (hamstring), and youngster Darcy Tucker has been added to the emergency list.
Tucker was the Dockers' second round pick in last year's NAB AFL draft and performed well in their first NAB Challenge match against Richmond, but a knee injury prevented him from playing again in the pre-season.
He performed well in the WAFL last week collecting 22 disposals and kicking two goals.
BuzzFeed missed its revenue target by 32 percent in 2015, and has slashed its revenue projections for 2016 from $500 million to $250 million, the Financial Times reports. Initially known for its listicles and relatable GIFs, the youth-oriented media start-up has made a name for itself by dramatically scaling its audience (BuzzFeed had 181 million global unique visitors in the past month), investing in in-depth reporting, and expanding into video production. Just last week, BuzzFeed captivated 800,000 people simultaneously on a Friday afternoon as two of its employees, dressed in goggles and protective gear, wrapped a watermelon with rubber bands until it exploded, in a live-streamed Facebook video.
But sources say that BuzzFeed's business model—which includes BuzzFeed making customized content campaigns for brands—is hard to do at scale. “It takes too long to do each campaign, and you can only do so many,” one source told the Financial Times. In 2015, Buzzfeed had projected $250 million in revenues overall, but made less than $170 million. (BuzzFeed disputed the numbers and told the Financial Times: “We are very pleased with where BuzzFeed is today and where it will be tomorrow. We are very comfortable with where the digital content world is going and think we are well-positioned.”) More promising is television, where advertisers pay much more than they do for online content. Comcast's NBCUniversal invested $200 million in BuzzFeed last summer at a $1.5 billion valuation, and at the time the two groups said they'd consider strategic partnerships.
If BuzzFeed's internal-revenue projections are as gloomy as they appear to be, we could be looking at the beginning of the end of what has been a boom in millennial media. Venture capitalists have been all too willing to pour money into media start-ups, the three most notable examples being BuzzFeed, Vox, and Vice, which all tout $1 billion valuations. Other digital native start-ups—companies like Bustle, Mic, and the Dodo—have all raised cash from big-name institutional investors and angels alike. But already in 2016 there's been an industry correction , particularly at start-ups. International Business Times, Mashable, and even BuzzFeed have laid off employees this year. Al Jazeera America and HuffPost Live both shuttered. The New Republic sold after Chris Hughes failed to transform it into the digital destination he thought it could be. If anything, the news about BuzzFeed may have a chilling effect on media, causing investors to think twice before writing a check to a fledgling media company.
Rocky Widner/Getty Images
NBA playoff tickets are not always easy to come by, but a few hundred Memphis Grizzlies fans won't even have to pay for Thursday's Game 3 battle against the San Antonio Spurs.
As the team announced Tuesday, star point guard Mike Conley bought 500 tickets for the Game 3 tilt as a way to thank the fans. He will hand out the tickets following practice Wednesday.
Conley has been in Memphis for 10 years and has led the team to the playoffs in each of the last seven seasons.
Considering he signed a $153 million contract to remain with the organization last summer, he can clearly afford a few extra tickets.
The Grizzlies enter Thursday trailing San Antonio 2-0 in the first-round series after losing the first two games by a combined 43 points. After posting a 24-17 record at home this season, however, the squad will hope for more success at FedEx Forum.
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) is still opposed to the latest ObamaCare repeal legislation despite the changes that have been made to the bill, according to a Cruz aide.
Cruz's position further endangers the Republican ObamaCare repeal effort, which appears to be on the brink of failure.
The Texan is the third senator to publicly oppose the bill, sponsored by Sens. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Bill Cassidy (R-La.). Senate Republicans can only lose two votes and still pass the bill; Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and John McCain (R-Ariz.) are already opposed.
Cruz on Sunday said he wants to get to "yes," but is not there yet.
"Right now they don't have my vote, and I don't think they have [Sen.] Mike Lee's [R-Utah] either," Cruz said.
On Monday, senior Cruz aides said the senator's position hasn't changed.
Cruz wants to get to "yes," but is not there yet, they said.
The bill "needs to lower costs for consumers, and we are going to keep pushing for that."
According to aides, Cruz is interested in making changes to how insurers comply with "Title One" of ObamaCare, similar to an amendment he introduced to the repeal bill over the summer.
However, Cassidy on Monday said the the most recent version of the bill is the final one, aside from corrections to drafting errors.
The updated version of the repeal bill, released publicly Monday morning, includes more conservative regulatory policies designed to win over key holdouts.
Both Cruz and Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) have sounded optimistic about the Cassidy-Graham legislation, but have held back their full support.
Image caption Jake, pictured with owners Ian and Liz Maxted-Bluck, was honoured in Shrewsbury
A two-year-old Rottweiler has been recognised for his bravery after he saved a woman from a sex attacker.
The dog, named Jake, chased off the man as he molested a woman on Hearsall Common, Coventry, in July 2009.
Jake, who stood guard over the victim until police arrived, received his honour at an RSPCA event in Shrewsbury.
The attacker was convicted of serious sexual assault and jailed for four years.
Jake, who was honoured at the Prostar Stadium at an RSPCA conference on Saturday, was nominated by police for the bravery award and medallion after the incident.
Dogs should never be judged simply by their breed, and Jake certainly proves this point Glenn Mayoll, RSPCA Coventry Animal Centre
Det Con Clive Leftwich, from Coventry police station, said: "From our point of view Jake the Rottweiler stopped a serious sexual assault from becoming even worse."
Liz Maxted-Bluck, who rescued Jake from an RSPCA home in December 2008, said: "He is such a lovely natured dog and is very nosey so I think that was why he went to investigate that day when he heard the screams.
"After I called the police, he stayed alert and close to us like he was guarding us.
"It is brilliant that he is receiving this award from the RSPCA, I am really proud."
Glenn Mayoll, manager of RSPCA Coventry Animal Centre, said it was "immensely proud" of Jake.
He added: "This story just goes to show that a rescue dog can be a great addition to any family."
George Zimmerman's bond revoked in shooting of Trayvon Martin
The decision came after the revelation that Zimmerman and his wife may have conspired to lie about thousands of dollars in donations they'd collected before his bond hearing.
Zimmerman now has 48 hours to turn himself in to authorities.
SANFORD – Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester has revoked George Zimmerman 's bond in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin .
In a new motion, prosecutors accused Zimmerman and his wife of lying to the judge during a bond hearing about money they collected for his defense.
Prosecutors allege Zimmerman's wife knew about the donations her husband had collected through a PayPal account, but didn't mention the money at his bond hearing.
The account ultimately collected about $200,000, his attorney later revealed.
"Defendant has intentionally deceived the court with the assistance of his wife," the motion says. "During the jail phone calls both of them spoke in code to hide what they were doing."
Prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda told the judge today that "this court was led to believe that they didn't have a single penny" at the earlier bond hearing.
Zimmerman's wife "flat out lied to this court," de la Rionda said. Lester agreed, revoking Zimmerman's bond. He must turn himself in, the judge said.
Argument on the bond issue came after Lester heard argument about whether he should seal key evidence in the case from the public, including the names of witnesses and the statements Zimmerman made to law enforcement.
De la Rionda started out arguing for the sealing of the names of civilian witnesses in the case.
"These witnesses are scared to death to comply," he said. De la Rionda acknowledged that such information is usually public in Florida, but said "this is a very unique case."
After De la Rionda went over other evidence the state wants sealed, defense attorney Mark O'Mara spoke in concurrence. "There's no question that we're in a new age," he said.
O'Mara argued that his client's statements should fall under the exemption for confessions, and should not be released, echoing the state's motion.
However, media lawyer Scott Ponce argued that Zimmerman's statements are not confessions. Zimmerman admits to shooting Trayvon Martin, but says he did so in self-defense.
Anonymous and GreySecurity (Gsec) have launched the second phase of OpUganda, a campaign designed to bring pressure on the Ugandan press and government in protest of the country's anti-homosexuality legislation.
While there is no clear ideology or set of beliefs espoused by the amorphous and multifaceted hacker collective, some factions within Anonymous have taken a keen interest in the case of Uganda's discriminatory legislation against LGBT people.
“HOMOSEXUALITY IS FREEDOM. It is a choice every man or woman has. It is NOT something to be governed. It is NOT a sin. It is freedom,” read an OpUganda press release issued by the collective on Wednesday.
Several private sector websites in Uganda — including the Ugandan Legal Society, payuganda.com and television station NTV Uganda — have become the latest targets in the operation. The Ugandan Legal Society's website remains defaced by Anonymous, while usernames, passwords and emails from NTV Uganda and payuganda.com have been dumped in several posts on pastebin.com.
And the operation doesn't stop there. As more private sector Ugandan websites are being hacked, hackers have pledged to attack major Ugandan government websites, as well.
"We are currently planning attacks for January we can confirm that 4 Ugandan government sites are top priority,” said Twitter account AnonTitan, which is closely linked with OpUganda.
More from Globalpost: Hired by the Westboro Baptist Church, web security provider to donate revenue raised to charity
Anonymous claims to have access to government websites, including those of the Ugandan Justice, Law and Order Sector; the Petroleum Exploration and Production Department of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development; the Uganda Biodiversity Information Facility; the Uganda National Bureau of Standards and the Health Service Commission.
In a stand against what one Anonymous member called “bullying and scapegoating,” last August the collective hacked and vandalized the website belonging to Ugandan Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi.
More from GlobalPost: Report: Apple begins testing iPhone6, iOS7
Last November, a controversial provision in Uganda's anti-homosexuality bill that allowed the death penalty against those convicted was removed. However, Ugandan Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has pledged to pass the law by the end of the year as a “Christmas gift” to the bill's advocates.
Many of the bill's advocates continue to call on Ugandan Parliament to enact the legislation quickly.
