Why Scotland did not fly the flag half-mast for King Abdullah
Share
tweet
Scottish government buildings did not fly the Saltire or the Union Jack half-mast following the death of King Abdullah of the Kingdom of Saudi-Arabia, although an official condolences statement was issued.
This despite UK Government's Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) sending out a request to do so.
According leading Scottish politicians this was done to pay respects to the Saudi people, but not necessarily to the country's rulers who have one of the most appalling human rights records in the world, and in particular persecute and mistreat LGBTI people.
Downing Street and Westminster Abbey joined Buckingham Palace with several other major public buildings in England and Wales flying the flag at half-mast.
However flags across Scotland did not fly half-mast, with a Scottish government spokesman explaining: “We offer the people of Saudi Arabia our condolences following the passing of King Abdullah.
“Flags are not routinely flown at half-mast from Scottish government buildings to mark the deaths of foreign heads of government or state.”
In contrast the prime minister, David Cameron and Prince of Wales have issued strong praise of the late King and are in Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia, to pay their respects. The two along with the Queen eulogised and applauded King Abdullah, despite the appalling human rights record under his regime.
David Cameron issued a statement saying: “I am deeply saddened to hear of the death of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, His Majesty King Abdullah bin Abd Al Aziz Al Saud.
“He will be remembered for his long years of service to the Kingdom, for his commitment to peace and for strengthening understanding between faiths.”
While the Queen said he would “be long remembered by all who work for peace and understanding.”
Speaking with KaleidoScot, Alyn Smith, SNP Member of the European Parliament, explained why Scotland chose to react differently: “I thought the UK position bizarre, craven and cheap. Not least barely days after our PM was in Paris to support free speech he now descends on Riyadh to mark the passing of a man whose regime implacably opposed any such ideas.
“Of course, the reason is even more basic, money. The Saudi regime has over the years purchased countless billions of British bombs, tanks and guns and London is quite content to turn a blind eye to abuses of every value they claim to uphold.
“By contrast the Scottish government response, to express condolence but no more, is dignified, principled and proper. Our duty is to the Saudi people, not necessarily those in charge.”
In an unusual move, Ruth Davidson, leader of the Scottish Conservative Party, tweeted that flying the flag half-mast was “a steaming pile of nonsense” as well as a “stupid act on its own and a stupid precedent to set.”
While the co-convenor of the Scottish Green Party, Partick Harvie, also tweeted his disappointment on Friday, writing: “UK Govt flies flags at half mast to mark the death of a misogynist, homophobic dictator. I'd like to urge the @scotgov not to follow suit.”
Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy applauded the Scottish government and said: “I know there are all sorts of issues of protocol here. But when the sorts of things that happen in Saudi Arabia – a thousand lashes, the recent beheading of a woman.
“I think, all across Scotland – all across the UK – there will be a sense of bewilderment about it.”
Caron Lindsay, the treasurer of the Scottish Liberal Democrats Party said she was “horrified” by the instructions to fly flags half-mast and called for it to be resisted.
She added: “The vomit-inducing tone of the tributes portraying him as some sort of reformer added to my irritation. If he was a reformer, Brian from the Magic Roundabout is a world champion sprinter to rival Usain Bolt.”
The authoritarian regime ruling Saudi Arabia, that was headed by the late King Abdullah, has one of the worst human rights records in the world, consistently ranking among the “worst of the worst” in Freedom House's annual survey of political and civil rights.
Under his regime the religious police arrested, tortured and blackmailed hundreds of LGBTI people, sometimes having them subjected to corporal punishment and executions. In 2012 alone 260 people were arrested by the religious police, according to reports of the local press.
LGBTI people are vilified by the local press and in Ministry of Education schoolbooks, one from 2008 reads: “Homosexuality is one of the most disgusting sins and greatest crimes… The punishment for homosexuality is death… he should be stoned, or thrown from a high place”
The religious police also routinely tries to entrap LGBTI people through social networking and dating sites; Last year a Saudi man was sentenced to 3 years in prison and 450 lashes for meeting men via Twitter.
Being gay is a taboo subject in Saudi Arabian society and is often punished with imprisonment, fines, corporal punishment, capital punishment, whipping/flogging, and chemical castrations. The severity of punishment depends mostly on religious Sunni judges and scholars, as well as royal decrees, and King Abdullah did not shy away from them.
“It is infuriating and disheartening when a country that was elected not too long ago to become a member of the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC), arrogantly and nonchalantly violates its core principles and harms its own citizens,” said Abdulla, chair of the United Arab Emirates LGBT group.
“Not only this is the fundamental human right for privacy is breached but the entrapment and sentence also breaches several human rights charters,” he told KaleidoScot.
“If the man survives this ordeal he will find himself an outcast and will be in danger for life after he completes this harsh sentence.”
Saudi Arabia has also an appalling record on gender equality, freedom of press, religion, association and privacy.
Only recently a woman was beheaded and blogger received a brutal sentence of 1000 lashes for merely expressing his views on a blog.
The Justice Department is seeking to acquire government oversight of Apple's iTunes and App Store – a move that would give feds control over content ranging from books to music to television shows and movies.
After winning an anti-trust lawsuit against Apple in July, the Department of Justice is attempting to gain further price control over the multinational computer corporation.
Last month, a federal judge ruled that Apple is guilty of conspiring to raise the retail prices of e-books. The Justice Department on Friday proposed sweeping punishments: officials suggested that Apple be forced to terminate contracts it holds with five major book publishers, barred from entering contracts that control e-book prices, and forced to allow iPhone or iPad users to directly buy books from other retailers with their devices.
“The court found that Apple's illegal conduct deprived consumers of the benefits of e-book price competition and forced them to pay substantially higher prices,” Bill Baer, assistant attorney general in charge of the DOJ antitrust division, told the Washington Post. “Under the department's proposed order, Apple's illegal conduct will cease and Apple and its senior executives will be prevented from conspiring to thwart competition in the future.”
If the proposed punishments go into effect, Apple would be required to house a court-appointed monitor who would enforce these regulations and make sure the firm abides by them for at least 10 years.
In addition to the proposed consequences, the Justice Department has asked a federal judge to limit Apple's influence in the publishing market by giving the feds government oversight of iTunes and the App Store. The government hopes to prohibit the corporation from negotiating with media companies to increase prices at companies that rival Apple, as well as its own stores.
In a court filing submitted Friday, Apple called the proposals a “draconian and punitive intrusion into Apple's business, wildly out of proportion to any adjudicated wrongdoing or potential harm.”
The company vowed to fight the DOJ on its proposals, and accused the department of abusing its power.
The proposal “regulates areas of Apple's business… which bear no relation to the wrongdoing alleged in this case,” the company's attorneys wrote in the court filing. “These overbroad and vague terms violate principles of equity and antitrust law, as well as Apple's constitutional rights to fair notice of judicial penalties.”
Publishers accused of raising e-book prices settled their allegations with the DOJ, but Apple took a risk by gambling with a trial instead, and might now have to fall under strict government oversight. The US District Court must approve the DOJ proposals before they go into effect. The court will hold a hearing on the measures on Aug. 9.
Tony Bellew insists that Anthony Joshua flung respectfulness out of the window in an incident with Wladimir Klitschko on Thursday...
I'm told yesterday that he turned the mike off when they got head-to-head and told Klitschko: 'I'm going to hurt you'.
I'm told yesterday that [Joshua] turned the mike off when they got head-to-head and told Klitschko: 'I'm going to hurt you'. Tony Bellew
That is what is going to be needed. It's that kind of mentality that is needed, and that's what he will show.
Anthony doesn't talk openly, Anthony lets his fists do the talking.
[Klitschko] pulling out the USB stick was nonsense - I believe all that is on that stick is an episode of the Teletubbies. It's just a mind game.
Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko's press conference highlights Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko's press conference highlights
For Klitschko to start making predictions, that's very out of character. He's never done it before so, if anyone is feeling the pressure, it looks to be him. Like I say, he's never got a USB drive out before.
Why is he acting out of character? I believe it's because he's nervous, he's feeling pressure. Anthony is probably playing scissors, paper, rock with his friends. He doesn't absorb what people say to him. He turns up cool, calm and collected.
Anthony Joshua reacts to Wladimir Klitschko's USB stick stunt Anthony Joshua reacts to Wladimir Klitschko's USB stick stunt
This is a new age, a new beginning. Anthony purely lets the boxing do the talking, and that's why people clamour to see him.
We still don't know if Anthony is good enough, or if Wladimir is past it. Saturday, we get all the answers.
Watch Anthony Joshua vs Wladimir Klitschko at Wembley Stadium on April 29, live on Sky Sports Box Office. Book the event online here or via your Sky remote.
Investigators at Brookhaven National Laboratory's Computational Science Initiative (CSI) haven't yet been called on to solve crimes, like their CSI television counterparts, but they're cracking even more substantive data-driven puzzles.
Already an established group, CSI recently announced a significant expansion that will greatly increase its research and development capabilities. Its ambitious vision is to shift data collected on large scientific instruments from labor-intensive retrospective analysis to real-time, on-the-fly interpretation. The idea is to allow nimble fine-tuning of the information gathered as experiments are still running. But there are several key problems to solve first, and Brookhaven is amassing key recruits and partners to take on the challenges.
CSI Director Kerstin Kleese van Dam, a computing industry leader in data infrastructure and management, is assembling teams to tackle three key areas: novel data structures and scalable algorithms designed for computer architectures such as those based on graphics processing units (GPUs); seamless data movement between instruments and computers; and computing models that bring scientists and engineers into the design and analysis process.
The expanded CSI group receives support from state of New York, the Department of Energy and the lab itself. Academic partners from Columbia, Cornell, New York, Stony Brook and Yale universities will contribute, along with NVIDIA, Intel Corp. and IBM Research.
The CSI is focusing first on large multi-user science facilities, such as Brookhaven's Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider, National Synchrotron Light Source II (NSLS-II) and Center for Functional Nanomaterials (CFN); DOE's Atmospheric Radiation Measurement Program; and the ATLAS experiment at Europe's Large Hadron Collider. CSI aims to help scientists identify critical information in a data stream and enable them to steer their experiments to new discoveries.
Although coordinated through Brookhaven, the CSI group also seeks input from user facilities in DOE and beyond. To that end, Brookhaven began a hackathon series in late 2015. The first weeklong event gathered data scientists from the five DOE X-ray light and neutron-scattering sources. Such events can help foster collaborations that will be critical to creating open data structures that work across DOE's approximately 240 shared scientific instruments, Kleese van Dam says.
‘It's easy to find features in the data, but what's of interest to the scientist may be a completely different matter.'
Over the course of a week, scientists addressed crosscutting data challenges at their respective facilities and worked toward real-time streaming data analysis.
One project used machine-learning methods to cluster and categorize data generated at NSLS-II and combined them with a streaming visualization tool that highlighted decision-critical insights for the scientists, Kleese van Dam says. “That's important because the volume of information from large scientific instruments can quickly become unwieldy.” For instance, she notes, there's an instrument at CFN that produces 400 images per second. At that rate, data analysis and extraction are critical, as is working with users to identify the most scientifically interesting information.
“It's easy to find features in the data, but what's of interest to the scientist may be a completely different matter,” Kleese van Dam says. Advanced manufacturing and materials-by-design, for instance, requires engineers “to influence the process to control the outcome.”
Such time-sensitive process control will require devising experiment-steering algorithms for vast amounts of data. “Most of the algorithms that we have today just don't scale to large enough data volumes,” Kleese van Dam says. “I get terabytes of data per minute. There is nothing out there at this time that can deal with this data flow.”
To address scalability, the CSI created the Computer Science and Mathematics Group. It's led by Barbara Chapman, a joint Brookhaven and Stony Brook appointee. Chapman was a pioneer in shared-memory parallel programming and is one of the principal developers of OpenMP, the industry standard application interface for shared-memory multiprocessing. Her team will focus on the computer science and mathematical underpinnings for analyzing data from scientific instruments based on scientists' hypotheses.
Brookhaven physicist Simon Billinge has demonstrated how streaming analysis might work for the most advanced, complex experiments – for example, studying battery life or industrial-catalyst potency under working conditions. Capturing the physical, chemical and biological processes across different experiments requires simulations that take into account the scientific theories behind the observations. Billinge has developed a novel method to combine data and theory in a “global optimizer.” Using nanomaterial design as a case study, the method combines experimental data from several instruments and extracts only the key information about a material's promise and limits. Those results are further refined through numerical modeling.
Billinge, who has a joint appointment at Columbia's School of Engineering and Applied Science, also is on a team looking to the future of materials science codes: the Center for Computational Design of Functional Strongly Correlated Materials and Theoretical Spectroscopy. The group, a joint project of Brookhaven and Rutgers University, has received $12 million over four years from the DOE Basic Energy Sciences program. Led by BNL's Gabriel Kotliar (who has a joint appointment at Rutgers), the center works closely with materials scientists to develop codes that incorporate many of the advanced functions current models lack. Billinge, for example, hopes to improve the speed and accuracy of materials models so they can better inform analysis and interpretation of complex experiments.
CSI's Computational Science Laboratory (CSL) helps the center and other teams maximize benefit from new computing architectures. For instance, one of the most computationally intensive models today uses quantum chromodynamics (QCD) theory to study how subatomic particles such as quarks and gluons interact. Physicists use QCD to predict particle behavior and then compare those predictions with experiments. The calculations require large-scale parallel computing and create many teraflops of data. As computer architectures evolve, CSL researchers versed in both QCD and computational science act as a bridge to help make decisions about how to change algorithms while maintaining scientific accuracy, Kleese van Dam says. Similarly, CSL is helping move Quantum Espresso, a suite of open-source materials science codes, from CPU-based architectures to GPU-based architectures.
Kleese van Dam is leading an effort that underpins all of the above: updating data storage and archiving and exploring how to make archived data more useful.
“What we are looking toward is how we can bring archived data back into the scientific discovery process in an automated way so it becomes natural to use those data,” she says. With easily accessible archives, scientists could ask and answer questions that are impossible under current data structures, she adds. For example, if an algorithm flags a phenomenon in a set of experiments, accessing data from previous experiments would let users ask how common that phenomenon is and whether it has ever been seen before.
“Making data accessible is important,” she says. “There is no point in collecting data if there is not sufficient good quality metadata” with them to make them searchable. But it's just as important to “make the knowledge inherent in these data sets easily accessible for future reuse. The new data services Brookhaven is creating will help scientists do both.”
CSI is seeking “experts who can contribute to the complete ecosystem required to make data-driven discovery for science, national security and industry a normality rather than the exception,” she adds.
Cracking that code would open up technological possibilities any made-for-TV CSI could only dream about.
Feel the bliss of silence, writes SOMEN SENGUPTA as he takes the route to Temi that passes through the hills enveloped under the cool and dark shadows of thick pine and oak
The popular notion is that Sikkim has no great story of tea plantation like Assam or Bengal do. The colonial chronicles recorded till the middle of last century are overloaded with great stories of tea plantation on the laps of Darjeeling and Assam that glorifies great British business brains. It is all how a crop totally unknown to the natives of India, was converted into a most lucrative commercial crop of India that finally changed the culture and commerce of a region. From Kangra to Dooars and again from Assam to Darjeeling to down south in Nilgiri, the golden saga of tea plantation in India is actually the best illustration of British entrepreneurship that gave them a huge business advantage over China in international trade market. It changed the fortune of the East India Company and later the British crown directly.
If this is true, then there is another small yet important story that was completely overlooked. A king with a noble objective of State welfare, adopted tea plantation in his tiny Kingdom and achieved success no less than what the British had attained in the mid 19th century. This is the story of Sikkim's tea saga and it all started from the Temi tea garden. Temi became popular after Sikkim became a part of India in 1975 and tourist started frequenting it ever since the Sikkim Government built up accommodations. However, its emergence was seen in a turbulent era.
When in the 1950s China invaded Tibet, the Indian Government opened its gates for the Tibetan refugees to settle down in India. However, various regions of Sikkim which then weren't a part of the Indian Republic started feeling the pressure of the refugee issue. Overnight there was a need to provide subsistence to this new influx of people from Tibet. In 1969 the last king of Sikkim, Palden Thondup Namgyal planned to grow tea in the southern side of his kingdom. He chose a hill top at the altitude of 5,500 metre to 7,000 metre, where many years ago Scottish missionaries had set up a bungalow for social work. The village named Lamatar where this tea plantation came up was to provide subsistence of many locals and the uprooted people were just 18 km from the famous Sikkim town Ravangla. The tea estate was named Temi and is now recognised all over the world for its tea. Slowly the name of the place changed to Temi.
Give luxury a break in Temi's green world and simply rest your exhausted soul under the hospitality of Sikkim Government's tourist guest house which is standing in the middle of the tea garden. Its one side faces the tea garden while other side faces the horizon over which Mount Kangchenjungha appears in less than 50 km. The modest accommodation of this tourist guest house is the best seat to enjoy Temi's opera of nature's beauty.
Sit in the balcony of your accommodation to feel the bliss of silence. The route to Temi passes through the hilly region of the Himalayas enveloped under the cool and dark shadow of thick pine and oak. From late October the area is enveloped under blooming cheery blossoms. The pink colored flowers rule the landscape. The green tea garden that runs over an area of 440 acres is a treat to fatigued eyes. A walk through the garden towards the tea plant where organic tea of Temi is processed and packed for commercial marketing is the best stress buster. The tea plant does not encourage tourists to visit it but if you can manage to enter with special permission, you can get an enriching and educative tour of the tea plantation.
If you luckily arrive here on a clear day, over the horizon a giant will welcome you with her family. It is the mighty Mt Kangchenjungha along with Singalila range of the Himalayas. Embrace yourself to enjoy a huge mass of snow capped Himalayan range where the most beautiful peak of Indian Himalayas is burning bright. Viewing Kangchenjungha from Temi tea garden is not an ordinary event.
As soon as the first ray of the sun kisses the snow, the mountain turns orange and then golden. Finally before becoming white it turns a pale pink. In front of your eyes all these colours change in a span of half an hour and its magic prevails all day.
A full bloom Kangchenjunga is a glorious experience and no one can overcome its impact. Nowhere in the world any mountain range has so many giant peaks appeared in one range as is found in Kangchenjungha. You have to be extremely lucky to see such an amazing amalgamation of five snow peaks in one group. The massive range comes with other famous peaks viz Kabroo 1 and Kabroo 2 and many more nameless ones. In fact the view of Kabru 1 and Kabru 2 is more throbbing as they appear in massive size. Kangchenjunga is now world's third highest peak.
In 1852, an Indian named Radhanath Sikdar calculated and found the height of peak no. 15 to be 8,848 meters. Soon peak 15 was named after Mr George Everest and Mt Everest officially surpassed Kangchenjunga in height. Now it is only India's highest peak. The meaning of the word Kangchenjunga is “five treasures of snow”. It represents all five peaks gold, silver, games, grains and holy books. Local people of Sikkim count it as sacred as God.
The thing about Temi is that you do not have much to do there. Though there is the provision to play badminton in the tourist guest house and also of camp fire at night, it is better to submit yourself to nature. A hot cup of organic tea and eyes engrossed in the endless beauty of the Himalayas is the ideal way to enjoy this small heaven of Sikkim where many years ago hundreds of refugees uprooted from their home in Tibet found a new meaning of life under the sacred shadow of Kangchenjungha. No doubt that The Dalai Lama, the supreme religious leader of Tibet, also came here once to enjoy the pristine beauty of this tea garden and mighty Himalayas which rendered support to the people who fled Tibet with him to find a new motherland in this country.
-This article was first published in Daily Pioneer and TNT-The Northeast Today has not edited any part of this work
Picture Courtesy: Exceptional Travel, internet sources
Chloe Moretz was spotted on Wednesday arriving at the Los Angeles airport on crutches.
The 17-year-old sported a knee brace as her elder brother Trevor gave her a helping hand as they left the terminal.
Although Chloe has not stated publicly how she injured her leg, speculation has pointed to stunt-work on her current film project, The Fifth Wave.
Scroll down for video
Ouch: Chloe Grace Moretz arrived on crutches as she passed through the LAX airport on Wednesday
An action-filled science-fiction drama, Chloe has the lead role of Cassie Sullivan in this adaptation of a popular young-adult novel and therefore could face many stunts.
Chloe kept things casual for travel with an injury, with grey skinny jeans worn under the black brace supporting the girl's right knee.
A loose, grey-and-black-striped T-shirt and black trainers completed Chloe's outfit.
Family support: Chloe fortunately didn't have to travel alone with her brother Trevor there to help her along
The actress even kept accessories to a minimum - a cross necklace, round sunglasses by Quay Australia, a grey shoulder bag, and the crutches were all she brought with her.
Trevor - a 28-year-old actor, producer, and manager for his little sister - went for a very similar style.
A grey T-shirt was visible under a black leather jacket, the tops worn with black skinny jeans and trainers.
Casual-wear required: With a knee brace and crutches, Chloe's casual T-shirt and jeans may have been more of a requirement than a choice
He carried both a bag over his shoulder and a computer case in his arms.
The injury may not have been too serious, as Chloe kept a smile on her face as she made her way through the airport.
Work injury? Chloe has not explained how she hurt her knee but is currently filming the possibly stunt-heavy movie, The Fifth Wave
Considering how busy her career has been over the past few years, a quick recovery would be a definite cause for happiness.
In 2014 alone, Chloe had major roles in four movies - If I Stay, The Equalizer, Clouds Of Sils Maria, and Laggies - plus a cameo in Muppets Most Wanted.
President Trump on Wednesday announced his pick for a top tax-policy position in his Treasury Department, as the administration works toward the goal of enacting tax-reform legislation this year.
The White House said that Trump intends to nominate David Kautter to be assistant secretary of the Treasury for tax policy. If confirmed, Kautter would oversee tax matters in the department and would likely play a key role in the administration's tax-reform efforts.
ADVERTISEMENT
Kautter currently leads the Washington National Tax group at RSM. He previously was managing director of American University's Kogod Tax Center and spent more than 30 years at Ernst and Young. He has also served as tax legislative counsel for former Sen. John Danforth (R-Mo.), according to a news release from the White House.
Kautter's nomination comes as the Trump administration has made tax reform one of its main focuses. The White House unveiled tax-reform principles in April, and administration officials are now meeting with lawmakers and business leaders as they work to develop a more detailed plan that the White House and congressional Republicans can get behind.
Hey all. Simmering in the background the fundaments of our vehicles and animation branches are being tied closer together, Martin's car and truck models continue to pop into the communal directory to surprise/delight, and the map continues to expand. And while all those cogs and gears are whirring, the following bizness is occurring:
BUILD 37
Build 37 should be out this week, it's content-locked but we're also having a real bug purge at the moment – and are dead set on getting a clean version out for our upcoming bigger features to then build on.
This is extremely boring and frustrating (we know) but we've had a bunch of persistent bugs in the main game build for a while now and they needed attending to. It also does feel good to have put some regular villains to the sword, all of whom have been really tough to track and duplicate.
As such, much as it all sounds like a terrifying cheese dream, we think that bugs like saucepan rain, self-opening de-synced co-op curtains and windows, several server crashes and a myriad of gamepad/split-screen eccentricities have been fixed in the next IWBUMS public beta build.
Additionally, while fixing the persistent black screen flicker you experience in MP when another player wakes up or falls asleep, we also used the opportunity to fix up some sleep mode logic requested by servers that prefer to keep player-sleep active – meaning that players can now wake up independently of each other, wake up if they press the move keys and have a visible sleep clock. This may well need some more polish, but we're intrigued to see how the system fares online.
NU-TOOLS
The maps and annotated maps of Build 37 were made possible by a tool made by TurboTuTone – and in amongst his current devices work in the main game CartoZed has now been revamped.
We hope its additions will be of a benefit to our mapmakers, and to aid the creation of in-game maps for the many community-created custom maps that PZ players survive on.
It's now easier to use, scroll and pan, allow mouse selection of specific areas and can be used with user maps. So, for example, here's a top-down of some of Xeonyx's New Denver.
Meanwhile CartoZed will also now export an isometric version showing cells of 300×300 tiles, should you crave your own downloadable chunk of the overall PZ map or your own map creation.
Turbo has also updated ItemZed to version 1.2 using feedback from the modders who've picked up its mantle, which can be found here.
BUILDING HERO
A quick shout out to the redoubtable Blackbeard06 who has gone about the laborious task of polishing up, fixing up and categorizing hundreds of user-created buildings that were left with errors after 2x sprites became part of the main game. He's clearly put a lot of work in, and this means that there are now even more potential new industries and abodes to be added to user maps.
REDBOID REFORGED
There seems to be a bit of a spurt of new PZ servers appearing at the moment (and if you'd like yours to get some spotlight then please get in touch) but just a brief mention for that hoary old stalwart Redboid – the server of the PZ subreddit. Now under new management and with a few rule changes amidst the familiar faces, it's a major organ in the online contingent of PZ and it's good to see it continue to flourish.
A BRIEF NOTE
In terms of general PZ output – we are listening, wanting to get the ‘good stuff' out to you and are (hopefully) improving both behind the scenes and in terms of release frequency.
Our recent collaborations with General Arcade in the vehicles branch have shown us how fruitful it can be to have fresh faces working at our many different coalfaces, and as such are looking to expand our bank of coders with AAA or indie game dev experience.
We already have an iron or two in the fire, but if you have a good, established programming CV in the games industry and enjoy our game (and especially if you're in NE England) then feel free to give us a shout.
This week's ‘Cheers' vibe from Duncan. The Centralized Block of Italicised Text would like to direct your attention to the PZ Wiki should you feel like editing or amending something, and the PZ Mailing List that can send blogs like this and patch notes direct to your mailbox. We also live on Twitter right here! Our Discord is now open for chat and hijinks too. A general overview of the content of PZ builds past, in testing and upcoming can be found here. Please also note that the CBOIT will be back mid-week with the return of our Mod Spotlight blog on the main PZ site, with a wheel-y good guest star.
Bourbon is a wonderful thing, just wonderful, and perhaps no television show in American history has realized this, or had as much fun with it, as “Justified.” A subplot of the show is that it's (sort of) to bourbon what “Sideways” was to California wine — a lovingly told inside joke.
The show is set in Kentucky, the drink's ancestral home, and the producers have had a spirited (sorry) time showcasing the stuff and making it an integral part of the plot. William Faulkner, who knew his way around the sour-mash barrel (Four Roses was his favorite), famously opined that “Civilization begins with distillation.” Raylan Givens, the deputy U.S. Marshal who is the show's protagonist, put it this way earlier this season: “Bourbon is easy to understand. Tastes like a warm summer day.”
Preach, brother Raylan!
Taylor Elmore, an executive producer and one of the show's main writers, confirmed for us that none of this is by chance.
“We kind of define these characters sociologically and financially by the bourbons they drink,” he said in a phone interview. “The props people and the writers have been careful about this.”
This fine-tuned wit has not been lost on fans. Because bourbons, unlike wines, come in distinctive bottles, the pros can recognize what the characters are drinking even if the label isn't shown and the brand isn't mentioned.
“It's gotten to be a game for me — I'm so busy watching the bottles at the back of the bar I have to rewind it to see what they said,” says Carla Carlton, aka “The Bourbon Babe,” who runs a popular blog about both “Justified” and bourbon.
First: Elmore says the show doesn't accept payment for product placement. But, as it happens, they did ask Buffalo Trace, a distillery that produces several different brands (each made with a different mash bill, or recipe) for empty bottles and props, which a distillery spokeswoman says they supplied, free of charge. Ergo, a lot of the bourbons in the show have Buffalo Trace roots.
Second, since you asked: Tea. Tea is what's in all those bottles and shot glasses. Though the show is filmed in California (that sure isn't Kentucky), we're just going to assume it's sweet tea.
Okay. Ready?
The first joke is that bourbon seems to be all anyone drinks (save for coffee and moonshine), at any hour, on any occasion. Why, when Ava got out of prison, how did she start our her day? With a nutritious breakfast of cereal and Wild Turkey, natch! At 101 proof! If this isn't the flying colors of a femme fatale, what is?
Second, let's look at character development.
Ava is a country kid who is not terribly upscale. Neither is her bourbon. “Wild” is an old-school label, a staple long before the small-batch (or specialty) labels began a revolution in the industry about 20 years ago. Her morning pour tells us that not only does she have a wee drinking problem, she's been sticking with one brand a long time, even as tonier choices have come along.
Nobody on the show, however, is matched more to a brand than her beloved fee-ahn-say, Boyd Crowder. He professes to only drink with “…people I like, or I pretend to like,” and when he's drinking? It's Elmer T. Lee, as seen here.
Boyd is your outlaw antihero, and your very fine Elmer's (hard to find these days, in part because of the show's popularity) goes for about $30/bottle. Lee, a Kentucky native, was the first master distiller for what is now the aforementioned Buffalo Trace. Lee also bottled the world's first single barrel bourbon.
Boyd, another native Kentuckian, is drinking it neat here, rather than with a splash of branch water. Here's how Lee's is described on redwhiteandbourbon.com: “Elmer T. Lee (ETL) is no frills, no fancy marketing, it wasn't aged on the ocean, and there are dozens of other bottles higher on the shelf. You won't find ETL on a GQ top ten list, but you will find it open in the cabinets of diehard bourbon enthusiasts everywhere.”
That's pretty much Boyd, right down the line.
But let's go to the other side of the law, because the cops drink just as much as the criminals.
Art, the boss of the Marshal's service, is a Blanton's man. You can tell by distinctive shape of the bottle, and the horse-and-jockey figurine atop the stopper. It goes for about $40/bottle and tells us Art is a grown man with discerning taste.
He keeps a bottle in the office, which makes him a particularly good boss, especially when he invites you in for a taste, as he's prone to do.
But when there's a special occasion, he knows how to class it up. When they take down big-time Detroit mobster Theo Tonin, they open a bottle of Pappy Van Winkle, apparently the 20-year-old Family Reserve. This is good casting.
Pappy's has come to be regarded as one of the best bourbons on earth, and, in a bit of savvy marketing, bottler Julian P. Van Winkle III (you can get away with that sort of name if your bourbon is that good) releases only 6,000 or 7,000 cases each year. Rare is the store that would get more than half a dozen bottles. It's become a sort of cult fetish and thus, it's just the sort of thing you'd keep for a special, career-capping achievement such as bringing down Tonin. It retails for about $129.
[Related: Pappy Van Winkle's aged bourbon can't keep pace with consumer demand]
Also, note they didn't overreach and have a bottle of the 23-year Reserve (identifiable by the extra band across the neck of the bottle), because that's just impossible to find. It's ridiculous. It retails at about $249, can easily command more than $1,000 on resale, and, on a recent day, an empty bottle and the bag it came in was offered at $50 on E-bay, and 11 bids had pushed it to $81. We repeat: That's for an empty bottle.
But when Art is recuperating from a gunshot wound at home? Raylan drops by with a bottle of … Blanton's. It's a telling emphasis of their friendship, that Raylan would know this is his boss's daily brand and seek it out.
Arlo, Raylan's dad and lifelong petty criminal? Not so high class. He, like Ava, went for Wild Turkey. This was perfect character-to-bourbon casting. It's just what a 70-year-old screw-up of his place and time would drink.
Mags Bennett also was set apart by her alcohol choice: Her “apple pie” moonshine. She descends from kin that ran illegal distilleries and still runs her own. She was rarely seen to drink anything else. Of course, she poisoned Loretta's dad and, later, herself with it. (“It was already in the glass.”)
So what does Raylan, the star of the show, drink? Apparently, whatever's in front of him. When he orders at that Mexican bar we featured at the top, he just says, “bourbon.” That is, in its way, a statement.
“He's partial to all of it,” says Elmore, the writer and producer. “[His lack of a preferred brand] is a conscious decision we made…being the son of Arlo, a low-class criminal, he's got a little of that to him. Raylan would never want to be seen as highfalutin.”
How do they establish that? With alcohol, of course.
In an episode this year, a coal-mining friend from Raylan's teenage years remembers how Raylan would read a book at lunch but couldn't wait to “get at the Mason jars” full of ‘shine when he was a teen, suggesting that what he was after was liquor, not just fine bourbon.
At home, we see him drinking Ancient Age (found on the lower shelves). He went out one night to a batting cage to get out some frustration? We see him taking nips from a flask-sized bottle of Jim Beam.
Beam is one of the nation's oldest bourbon distillers, and now runs a family of labels that go from the bottom to the top. But the basic product is your old-school Pabst Blue Ribbon of bourbons. It's straight-forward, not particularly polished, and there's a lot better out there. Economy is the main reason to drink it — that flask would be about $5 — and suggests Raylan does indeed have hardscrabble roots.
In “Justified,” bourbon is also used to emphasize place, not just character.
At the Crowe's low-rent house of ill repute, the pre-pubescent Kendal is tending bar. He passes the time by making cocktails — “This Place Sucks” is one — and he's using Ancient Age, subtly emphasizing what kind of joint this is.
Now, over at Boyd's bar? They have a classier selection.
A couple of dudes roll in and ask the bartender: “Got Maker's?” The bartender smiles and asks the dude if a bear poops in the woods. Of course they'd have the Volvo of bourbons, Maker's Mark! Known by its red wax top, it's a solid, respectable — if not flashy choice — and it's ubiquitous. It is less spicy and smoother on the palate because it has a higher percentage of wheat than many other bourbons. (Rye is what gives bourbon the spicy, pepperish kick.)
Maker's is such a staple that Miller, the functionally alcoholic DEA agent, refills his flask with it. Good call for the road.
And, finally, one more joke.
At Boyd's bar, bad guy Ty Walker strolls into the joint and asks for Buffalo Trace (your medium range choice, about $22/bottle) and downs two shots in front of a “Jack Daniel's” neon sign. HAHAHAHA.
As anyone who knows enough to watch this show knows, Jack Daniel's is not bourbon. It is Tennessee whiskey. People often think that to be named “bourbon” the drink must be made in Kentucky. No. It only has to be made in the U.S. and be composed of 51 percent (usually much higher) corn and a couple of other prerequisites.
The regional distinction actually belongs to Tennessee whiskey, which adheres to something called the Lincoln County Process. This is chiefly composed of running the bourbon through a charcoal filter. You either think that greatly improves the flavor or you think it takes all of it out. Generally speaking, bourbon fans can't ridicule it fast enough, and Tennessee whiskey fans think bourbon folks are snobs who don't have the right. Ergo, the joke: Drinking bourbon in front of Tennessee whiskey sign, playing the two groups off one another.
Well played, “Justified.” Well played.
A few hours ago, Microsoft's Larry "Major Nelson" Hryb tweeted the following:
Sounded largely unexciting, but then we got an email from a reader around the same time with these images, of a console his friend just got in the mail, emblazoned with Xbox Live 10th birthday graphics.
In addition to a special box and colour scheme, there's a custom controller, "decade of entertainment" logo on the side of the console, as well as a cool little touch on the disc tray door, with a special "XBL10" plate.
We're told he didn't order it, didn't enter a competition and doesn't work in the games business. The only reason they can think of is that his ten-year anniversary of being an Xbox Live member just rolled around.
Advertisement
We've contacted Microsoft to see what's up with this, because boy, if everyone who's been on Xbox Live for ten years is getting one of these, that's a pretty sweet deal, even if there won't be many around at the moment (the service only debuted in October 2002). I'll update if we hear back.
UPDATE - Microsoft has now confirmed that these consoles are going out to "Xbox LIVE members that have been with us the longest". The official console shot can be found up top.
Real Estate doesn't take long to set a tone of wistful, rose-colored nostalgia on Days, its second album of reverb-y beach-pop. Given that The Beach Boys made a virtually eternal career out of a similar formula — cheery romanticism that masks an undercurrent of alienated melancholy — it's easy to get behind the band's winsome charms, which are surprisingly well suited to the arrival of cool weather. The band's music may cry out to be heard through a beachside boom box on the New Jersey shore, but singer-guitarist Martin Courtney's words look back in bittersweet regret: "Our careless lifestyle / It was not so unwise," he sings in the chorus of "Green Aisles."
Real Estate performed songs from Days -- calling to mind bucolic settings and confused, hopeful youth — at World Cafe Live in Philadelphia on Friday. You can listen to the entire show right here.
Set List
The blockbuster game has changed since “Avatar” came out. In the span of almost an entire presidency, we've observed the meteoric rise of the Marvel cinematic universe, the domination of the box office by young adult sci-fi mega-franchises like The Hunger Games, Divergent and The Maze Runner, a whole new trilogy of “Lord of the Rings” films and the return of Star Wars as not just another film in the series but basically an entire entertainment industry of its own.
It seems like no one really cares about “Avatar” anymore. Most people have left it behind as a fun afternoon they spent with dumb plastic glasses on at the theater, while others have joined the recent wave of backlash against it. “It's just like Pocahontas,” they say. “The plot is so dumb.” “It's just like Dances with Wolves.” “You can't remember a single line of dialogue from it.” “It's Just like FernGully.” We hear the same criticisms over and over.
It's been tough to be an “Avatar” apologist over the last few weeks (while I agree the film's ideology is certainly far from complex, I still think it's one of the best action movies of the millennium and a tremendous example of cinematic world-building). The backlash hit fever pitch a few weeks ago, when Fox announced that “Avatar 2” would be delayed until 2018 to avoid competition with “Star Wars Episode VIII,” which had recently been moved into the December 2017 slot to accommodate a script rewrite.
“My God!” one IGN commenter wrote. “By the time (Cameron) releases this movie either: a) no one will care b) everyone will have forgotten Avatar was even a thing (from seven years ago by the way).”
“If there was ever a movie that does not need a sequel it's Avatar,” wrote another. “Cameron you are a better filmmaker than this. Do something else!!”
This is a cycle we've been through. Actually, we've been through it several times already: 20th Century Fox announces a new James Cameron film. It goes way over budget. The hate comes pouring in. Everyone says that THIS is the film that's going to ruin Cameron's career. The film comes out. It's critically acclaimed, and it makes more money than a small country's GDP. Then another Cameron film is announced a few years later, and it begins again.
“Titanic” was expected to bomb. When analysts and critics heard that Cameron was creating a 90 percent scale model of the infamous ship, they laughed and laughed. No one had spent this much money on a movie before, and on Cameron's obsessive little pet project about a shipwreck? There's no way that will resonate with people.
I know this is an article, but I bet you can still hear my eyes rolling so hard they hit the back of my head.
“Avatar” was also expected to bomb. Go back and look — people were throwing so much shade prior to the film's December 2009 release. It's just the nature of the Internet — if it's not clearly a calculated rehash of something fanboys already like, it's going to fail.
Both movies killed it, to say the very least. In case you've been living in a sunken ship or on a far-off planet for the last few decades, “Titanic” and “Avatar” are the top two highest-grossing films of all time. Why do we keep doubting Cameron when literally every time he tries, his team puts out something that's a smash cultural hit?
“Avatar 2” will be huge. The “Avatar” sequel trilogy will be as celebrated as the original “Lord of the Rings” trilogy, will advance film tech by years, and will make an absolutely stupid amount of money. If you're rolling your eyes at this article and already typing out an incensed response, consider that you might just be acting like the people who were wrong about “Avatar.” And “Titanic.” And “Terminator 2.” And “Aliens.”
I'm just saying, we've been here before, and we've been wrong every time. Cameron and his team are the best blockbuster filmmakers in the business. Hindsight is indeed 20/20, but let's try to use some foresight this time.
A new cornea may be the only way to prevent a patient going blind -- but there is a shortage of donated corneas and the queue for transplantation is long. Scientists at the Sahlgrenska Academy have for the first time successfully cultivated stem cells on human corneas, which may in the long term remove the need for donators.
Approximately 500 corneal transplantations are carried out each year in Sweden, and about 100,000 in the world. The damaged and cloudy cornea that is turning the patient blind is replaced with a healthy, transparent one. But the procedure requires a donated cornea, and there is a severe shortage of donated material. This is particularly the case throughout the world, where religious or political views often hinder the use of donated material.
Replacing donated corneas
Scientists at the Sahlgrenska Academy, University of Gothenburg, have taken the first step towards replacing donated corneas with corneas cultivated from stem cells.
Scientists Charles Hanson and Ulf Stenevi have used defective corneas obtained from the ophthalmology clinic at Sahlgrenska University Hospital in Mölndal. Their study is now published in the journal Acta Ophthalmologica, and shows how human stem cells can be caused to develop into what are known as "epithelial cells" after 16 days' culture in the laboratory and a further 6 days' culture on a cornea. It is the epithelial cells that maintain the transparency of the cornea.
First time ever on human corneas
"Similar experiments have been carried out on animals, but this is the first time that stem cells have been grown on damaged human corneas. It means that we have taken the first step towards being able to use stem cells to treat damaged corneas," says Charles Hanson.
"If we can establish a routine method for this, the availability of material for patients who need a new cornea will be essentially unlimited. Both the surgical procedures and the aftercare will also become much more simple," says Ulf Stenevi.
Few clinics conduct tranplants
Only a few clinics are currently able to transplant corneas. Many of the transplantations in Sweden are carried out at the ophthalmology clinic at Sahlgrenska University Hospital, Department of Ophthalmology, Mölndal.
Barack Obama and Tim Geithner
The Left seeks a separate set of rules for themselves.
In recent weeks, we examined the Obama administration's willingness to reverse positions that it had once proudly proclaimed — on whether an individual mandate is necessary, whether the individual mandate is a tax, whether it is important that you can keep your plan or doctor, whether lobbyists should work in a president's administration, whether a donor should be appointed U.S. ambassador, and so on. Then we noted environmentalists who said they would not criticize or attack lawmakers who supported the Keystone Pipeline, as long as they were Democrats.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Last week, we expanded the discussion to progressives' wide-ranging willingness to contradict their own professed principles: gun-control proponents who travel with armed bodyguards, voucher opponents who send their kids to private schools, and minimum-wage-hike advocates who pay their staff less than the minimum wage, among others.
So what do progressives really want? If, as I suspect, the currency of progressivism isn't policies or results, but emotions, what does that approach build? What kind of country do you get when political leaders are driven by a desire to feel that they are more enlightened, noble, tolerant, wise, sensitive, conscious, and smart than most other people?
#ad#The evidence before us suggests progressives' ideal society would be one where they enjoy great power to regulate the lives of others and impose restrictions and limitations they themselves would never accept in their own lives. Very few people object to an aristocracy with special rights and privileges as long as they're in it.
Advertisement
For example, a key provision of Obamacare is a tax on “Cadillac health-care plans” — the architects of the legislation having concluded that part of the problem with America's health-care system is that some employers are just too generous with their employees' health insurance. Plans worth more than $10,200 for individuals or $27,500 for families face a 40 percent excise tax starting in 2018.
Advertisement
Members of Congress — at least the ones not covered by their spouse's plans, as quite a few of them are — purchase their insurance through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program, which offers about 300 different plans. On average, the government pays 72 percent of the premiums for its workers, according to FactCheck.org — a setup that has been characterized as, if not quite a “Cadillac” plan, then “the best Buick on the block.” The New York Times noted that, even though they are now required to purchase insurance through an exchange, lawmakers have “a larger menu of ‘gold plan' insurance choices than most of their constituents have back home” and have an easier time navigating the exchange, with special “concierge” services provided by insurers. And the Times noted that members of Congress can receive care from the attending physician to Congress, conveniently located in the U.S. Capitol, for an annual fee of $576.
Thus, lawmakers who could rest assured they would see little change to their own plans enacted massive, complicated, headache-inducing changes to the nation's system of health-insurance plans.
For what it is worth, the president signed up symbolically:
Obama, who is on vacation in Hawaii, had a staffer do the heavy lifting for him, a White House official says. He had to be enrolled in person, in no small part because his personal information is not readily available in the variety of government databases HealthCare.gov uses to verify identities. “The act of the president signing up for insurance coverage through the DC exchange is symbolic since the president's health care will continue to be provided by the military,” the official added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Obviously, President Obama is unlikely to ever argue with an insurance company over his family's care; former presidents and their spouses are entitled to medical treatment in military hospitals, paying at rates set by the Office of Management and Budget.
Then there is progressives' appetite for special exemptions for energy use. On the campaign trail in 2008, then-senator Obama envisioned a not-too-distant future in which every American would embrace personal sacrifices in the name of combatting climate change: “We can't drive our SUVs and eat as much as we want and keep our homes on 72 degrees at all times . . . and then just expect that other countries are going to say ‘okay.'”
This bold statement was hypocritical in a general sense, as almost all Washington lawmakers spend perhaps 90 percent of their lives in climate-controlled bubbles — awakening in a nice air-conditioned or heated home, then driving (or being driven) in an air-conditioned or heated car to work in an air-conditioned or heated workplace. (Quite a few lawmakers travel in SUVs and eat as much as they want, too.) But then there's the personal hypocrisy, as relayed by the New York Times:
Obama, who hates the cold, had cranked up the thermostat.
“He's from Hawaii, O.K.?” said Mr. Obama's senior adviser, David Axelrod, who occupies the small but strategically located office next door to his boss. “He likes it warm. You could grow orchids in there.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Progressives in the private sector also conclude that any amount of carbon emissions are okay, as long as you're emitting them in the name of reducing carbon emissions: “While touting green technology, and lobbying the federal government on environmental policy, Sergey Brin, Larry Page, and Eric Schmidt have put 3.4 million miles on their private jets in recent years, polluting the atmosphere with 100 million pounds of carbon dioxide,” the Blaze reported.#page#
The progressive aristocracy is comfortable with our ever-more-complicated tax code because they can afford accountants to sort through it all, and compliance with the law is, at least for them, effectively optional. Recent years have demonstrated that if a prominent progressive breaks the law and fails to pay required taxes, the consequences are minimal.
In early 2009, new Treasury secretary Tim Geithner testified before Representative Charlie Rangel's Ways and Means Committee — promising that the Obama administration intended to propose “a series of legislative and enforcement measures to reduce . . . tax evasion and avoidance.” Geithner failed to pay about $40,000 in taxes he owed while working for the International Monetary Fund from 2001 to 2004; Rangel was under investigation for tax evasion and failing to report income, for which he was eventually officially censured by Congress. Still, Geithner's unpaid taxes were small potatoes compared with the $128,000 owed by former Senate majority leader Tom Daschle, or the $287,273 in back taxes owed by Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri. Or the $2.6 million Al Sharpton owed the IRS.#ad#
In the progressive mindset, laws are primarily designed to regulate and manage the actions of other people. Last month in the Daily Beast, columnist Jamelle Bouie (who is now writing for Slate) argued that allegations of illegal secret donations to the election campaign of Washington, D.C., mayor Vincent Gray didn't really matter because he deemed Gray a good enough mayor:
As a D.C. resident, I don't care that Gray funded a shadow campaign and violated campaign finance laws. It would be different if Gray's activities were in service of his personal pocketbook — if he were funneling funds to a bank account, and not his campaign's coffers. (Though, it is true that Thompson gave $10,000 to a “close family member” of Gray's to settle debts with campaign workers, as well as $40,000 to a “close personal friend” of the mayor's.) But this — illegal cash to fund a campaign — seems more benign; the “honest graft” of George Washington Plunkitt. . . . I'm inclined to cut Gray a little slack. If Gray took money from Thompson, then it was to win an election and lead a city. And, as mayor of D.C., Gray has had a solid tenure, with lower crime and greater growth. Gray may be corrupt, but if it's helped him build coalitions and utilize power then – looking at the full picture of municipal politics – that might be a good thing.
Advertisement
Progressives are increasingly open about the fact that their elected leaders can take actions that they would find scandalous and criminal if taken by their opponents. The Obama administration did not feel the need for any explicit rules for the targeted killing of terrorists by unmanned drones until administration officials realized the president might not win a second term; they quickly formulated limitations and procedures to be implemented in case Romney won. Once Obama won reelection, the effort “lost some urgency,” according to the Times.
Put even more bluntly elsewhere in the Times:
Some liberals acknowledged in recent days that they were willing to accept policies they once would have deplored as long as they were in Mr. Obama's hands, not Mr. Bush's. “We trust the president,” former Gov. Jennifer Granholm of Michigan said on Current TV. “And if this was Bush, I think that we would all be more up in arms because we wouldn't trust that he would strike in a very targeted way and try to minimize damage rather than contain collateral damage.”
Advertisement
Apparently a progressive president is incapable of abusing the power of drone strikes.
Members of the aristocracy are even effectively exempt from gun laws. Recently a District of Columbia judge found a man guilty of “attempted possession of unlawful ammunition” for owning antique replica muzzleloader bullets. The man had no previous criminal charges. A few years ago, the attorney general for D.C. declined to prosecute NBC's David Gregory for breaking the law against possessing a “high-capacity magazine” despite, in the prosecutor's words, “the clarity of the violation of this important law.” Gregory held up the magazine during Meet the Press. The attorney general said prosecuting Gregory was not in the interest of public safety; it is unclear why the prosecution of a man in possession of antique replica muzzleloader bullets is in the interest of public safety.
Finally, progressives would happily accept a society where the choices of the lower classes about what food to eat was limited for their own good, while the special caste could continue to eat whatever they want. Thus we see former New York City mayor Mike Bloomberg attempt to ban Slurpees (570 calories) and large Diet Cokes (zero or negligible calories) — beverage choices of the working class — but the law's exemption for milk-based beverages means it wouldn't hit the venti java chip Frappuccino from Starbucks (580 calories), the milkshake-in-disguise selection that's more popular among the usually progressive-minded Manhattan Yuppies. Bloomberg's large soda ban was struck down as unconstitutional.
Bloomberg himself has notoriously bad eating habits:
He dumps salt on almost everything, even saltine crackers. He devours burnt bacon and peanut butter sandwiches. He has a weakness for hot dogs, cheeseburgers, and fried chicken, washing them down with a glass of merlot. And his snack of choice? Cheez-Its. . . . An examination of what enters the mayoral mouth reveals that Mr. Bloomberg is an omnivore with his own glaring indulgences, many of them at odds with his own policies. And he struggles mightily to restrain his appetite. . . . Mr. Bloomberg, 67, likes his popcorn so salty that it burns others' lips. (At Gracie Mansion, the cooks deliver it to him with a salt shaker.) He sprinkles so much salt on his morning bagel “that it's like a pretzel,” said the manager at Viand, a Greek diner near Mr. Bloomberg's Upper East Side town house. Not even pizza is spared a coat of sodium. When the mayor sat down to eat a slice at Denino's Pizzeria Tavern on Staten Island recently, this reporter spotted him applying six dashes of salt to it.
Advertisement
Bloomberg similarly sought a law requiring New Yorkers to separate their food scraps for composting; we all know the astronomical odds against the billionaire former mayor ever willingly personally partaking of the task of separating coffee grounds and the stuff growing hair in the Tupperware in the back of the refrigerator from the rest of his trash.
Progressive leaders want us to obey them, but not emulate them.
— Jim Geraghty writes the Campaign Spot on NRO.
Every Android OEM has to follow a set of guidelines and rules to get Google Play and other suites of apps and services from Google on their Android device. Google has updated those guidelines to remove a few mandatory apps that used to come pre-installed earlier on all Android devices.
Up until now, every Android device shipped with Google+, Maps, Newsstand, Play Movies, Play Music, and various other apps from Google. Out of them, most Android users ended up using only a few handfuls of them, while the others sat there simply occupying space because they were installed directly in the system partition and could not be uninstalled as per Google's guidelines.
The updated guidelines, however, remove the restriction from an OEM to ship its devices with Google+, Google Play Books, Play Games, and Newsstand pre-installed. Instead, users who want these apps on their device can always head over to Google Play and install them manually. Since OEMs will not have to pre-install these apps on their devices from now on, future devices will likely end up having slightly more free space in their system partition, which is always a good thing. Alternatively, this also means that OEMs and carrier will now have more free space in system partition of future Android devices to pre-load more bloatware on to it.
While it is great to see Google remove these four apps, the company should have also made other apps like Play Movies and maybe even Play Music optional for OEMs to include in their devices. Google already offers all its apps through Google Play, so they are only a few taps away on any new Android device for anyone who uses them.
[Via Android Central]
Like this post? Share it!
Maureen Dowd, as not enough people remember, spent the 2000 campaign 1)writing columns that were frequently dishonest and all so dumb they should have been published in the original crayon that 2)aggressively advanced the Gush-Bore narrative of the race. The idea that George W. Bush was a harmless moderate was…profoundly and obviously wrong and the results were awful. Admittedly, she wasn't the only one on this point — her colleague Frank Rich was just as bad. But he learned. Maureen Dowd, as always, learns nothing. And hence her latest column:
The Republicans have their candidate: It's Hillary.
Anybody who thinks Hillary Clinton is fundamentally a Republican has absolutely no business getting paid to write about politics by anybody, let alone the most prestigious op-ed page in the country.
They can't go with Donald Trump. He's too volatile and unhinged.
The obvious problem with this is that the vast majority of Republicans who matter are, in fact, going with Trump.
The erstwhile Goldwater Girl
Here we have an ironclad indication that a column is not worth reading. For the record, for most of the 1964 campaign Hillary Clinton was 16. Reagan voted for FDR multiple times as an adult, but suggesting that as a presidential candidate he was a standard-issue New Deal Democrat would have been a firable offense. This is even dumber.
Hillary will keep the establishment safe. Who is more of an establishment figure, after all? Her husband was president, and he repealed Glass-Steagall, signed the Defense of Marriage Act and got rid of those pesky welfare queens.
All of these things are certainly worthy of substantial criticism. But leaving aside the fact that Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton are, as best as this blog can determine, different people, there's the much bigger problem that it ain't 1996 anymore. The parties, entirely without Dowd noticing, have diverged massively. And norms that even in periods of divided government Congress and the president need to cut deals to get things done have been clubbed to death and thrown into the Potomac. The DOMA reference, in particular, gives away the show. What disabilities, precisely, can Clinton be expected to impose on LBGT people? Aren't the facts that we have a national right to same-sex marriage because Democratic presidents nominated 4 Supreme Court justices and a Democratic Senate stopped a Republican president from getting his first choice, and Clinton's justices will affirm this decision and Republican nominees in 2017 almost certainly would not, vastly more relevant than legislation that passed 20 years ago with massive bipartisan majorities?
Unlike Trump, she hasn't been trashing leading Republicans. You know that her pals John McCain and Lindsey Graham are secretly rooting for her.
LOL at the idea that John McCain and especially Lindsey Graham are “leading Republicans” in 2016. And perhaps we should be asking why this rooting has to be secret. Trump is, in fact, the leading Republican.
The Democratic nominee put out an ad featuring Trump-bashing Michael Hayden, an N.S.A. and C.I.A. chief under W. who was deemed “incongruent” by the Senate when he testified about torture methods. And she earned an endorsement from John Negroponte, a Reagan hand linked to American-trained death squads in Latin America.
It is true that a bunch of neocons has endorsed Clinton. And the reasons for it is obvious: Clinton is not a nut, and people primarily concerned with foreign policy don't necessarily have the strong commitment to upper-class tax cuts and forcing women to carry pregnancies to term that compels most Republicans to go along with Trump.
There are, of course, entirely legitimate reasons to be concerned about Clinton's foreign policy, which will almost certainly be worse than Obama's (although much better than Bush's.) Politically, she should respond to the endorsement of people like Negroponte with “they endorse me; I don't endorse them.” But the endorsements themselves don't really tell you much of anything other than that Trump is unacceptable to many Republicans who don't care about domestic policy.
Hillary is a safer bet in many ways for conservatives. Trump likes to say he is flexible. What if he returns to his liberal New York positions on gun control and abortion rights?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA oh my. Dowd is literally as clueless about how politics works as an otherwise unpublishable random Salon dudebro. Even assuming that Trump wanted to be liberal on these issues, how exactly would he do it? Sign the gun control legislation that Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell wouldn't pass? The Federalist Society hacks he nominates would vote to affirm Roe because he appointed them? Help me out here — I'm sure there's an Aaron Sorkin script that explains how it all works.
Trump is far too incendiary in his manner of speaking, throwing around dangerous and self-destructive taunts about “Second Amendment people” taking out Hillary, or President Obama and Hillary being the founders of ISIS. And he still blindly follows his ego, failing to understand the fundamentals of a campaign. “I don't know that we need to get out the vote,” he told Fox News Thursday. “I think people that really wanna vote are gonna get out and they're gonna vote for Trump.”
Despite which, most Republican voters and most Republican politicians of actual influence support Trump. So how is this behavior un-Republican, exactly?
And now, the punchline:
And that's how Republicans prefer their crazy — not like Trump, but like Cheney.
Clinton and Cheney — not a dime's worth of difference!
I've said it before and I'll say it again — the fact that these witless and comprehensively ill-informed columns are not only published in the New York Times but used to be showered with awards is about as damning an indictment of America's overpaid and underachieving elites as you could ask.
UPDATE: LOL:
Marshawn Lynch may have sat out last year's NFL season, but he was still aware of all the drama that unfolded with the Patriots. Either that, or he heard Macklemore's pitch for his new music video and decided to play along.
MORE: What to expect from Marshawn Lynch's 2017 season with Raiders
You can watch the video below if you want to be surprised. If not, scroll down for spoilers.
(Warning: video contains explicit language)
The Raiders running back made a cameo appearance in "Marmalade," a music video released by the Seattle rapper featuring Lil Yachty. In the video there's a not-so-subtle shot at the Patriots' Deflategate scandal.
The video also referenced Tom Brady's jersey theft from the Super Bowl, which is where Marshawn Lynch comes into the picture. The kids in the video deliver Brady's stolen jersey to Lynch, allowing them to play in his pool.
Macklemore inlcuded this because he's a huge Seahawks fan, and of course New England took down the Seattle franchise in the Super Bowl 49. That big game was right after the Deflategate game, so there will always be some animosity held towards the Patriots from Seahawks fans.
Also, Seattle should have given Marshawn the ball at the goal line.
Turkey stops more than 36,500 Syria-bound ISIL members so far, minister says
ANKARA – Anadolu Agency
AA Photo
Turkey has up to now stopped more than 36,500 people who were allegedly planning to join the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) via Turkey, Interior Minister Efkan Ala said on Dec. 17.A majority of the suspected ISIL members were prevented before they entered Turkey, while almost 2,800 were arrested in the country and then deported, Ala told the state-run Anadolu Agency.“Speaking about this organization [ISIL], we have denied entry to 33,746 people from 123 countries,” he said.Turkey has captured a total of 2,783 people from 89 countries on its soil and deported them so far, Ala said.“In total 2,783 people from 89 countries were captured in Turkey and deported, in order to prevent their entry into Syria, where they would have joined terrorism activities,” he added.The interior minister also said Turkey is exchanging intelligence information with a number of countries over on people who may come to Turkey planning to join ISIL across the border.“We inform them, they inform us. Those names cannot enter Turkey as a result of this cooperation,” Ala said.
An overview of the Item and Crafting changes in 4.0 KOTFE.
Everything you see here is subject to change and will infact probably go through several iterations before live.
Stat Changes
All classes now use the same main stat: Mastery . Existing items with Aim , Cunning , Strength , and Willpower had these stats replaced with Mastery . Endurance is unaffected. Datacrons that provide a main stat other than Endurance have been updated to provide Mastery .
. Existing items with , , , and had these stats replaced with . is unaffected. Datacrons that provide a main stat other than have been updated to provide . Critical Rating has been rolled into Surge Rating. The new stat is named Critical Rating, and is now a tertiary stat (it's on enhancements instead of mods). Surge Rating no longer exists in the game.
Material Grade Crunch
With 4.0 there are currently no new crew skill-acquired crafting materials. New recipes will use existing crew skill-acquired materials. Current crafting materials have had their item grade / level range updated. Here's a chart:
Grade Old Level Range New Level Range Grade 1 1-9 1-16 Grade 2 10-16 17-24 Grade 3 17-24 25-32 Grade 4 25-32 33-41 Grade 5 33-40 42-47 Grade 6 41-48 48-58 Grade 7 49-52 59-66 Grade 8 53-58 67-200 Grade 9 59-63 Grade 10 64-77 Grade 11 78-92
The biggest takeaways from this chart are that Grade 11 mats are now Grade 8, and Grade 9 mats are now Grade 7.
Obsolete Materials
The following materials have beeen converted to Obsolete Materials. They have no use, and can be sold to a vendor.
Archaeology
Bioanalysis
Scavenging
Aluminium - Grade 1 Scavenged Metal.
Laminoid - Grade 1 Scavenged Compound.
Plasteel - Grade 2 Scavenged Compound.
Chanlon - Grade 2 Scavenged Metal.
Diatium - Grade 4 Scavenged Metal.
Resinite - Grade 4 Scavenged Compound.
Neutronium - Grade 5 Scavenged Metal.
Amorphous Carbonite - Grade 5 Scavenged Compound.
Treasure Hunting
Biochem Vendor Supplements
Misc.
Crafting Components
Most crafting recipes have been updated to require pre-crafted components rather than raw materials. These crafted components require 2x each of the two gathering materials for their item grade and 2x of the vendor supplement for the item grade. War Supplies still require raw materials for crafting.
Example Component:
Farium Armor Assembly Component Difficulty: 450 465 480 495 Components: 2x Vanadium Flux 2x Farium 2x Molytex Farium Armor Assembly Component Grade 8 Armormech Combined Component
Created using the skills of Armormech to combine Farium and Molytex. This material is used in nearly all Grade 8 Armormech Schematics.
Requires Armormech (450)
Exotic Crafting Material Sources
Personal Conquest Goal - Strategic Resource Matrix
Hard Mode Flashpoints - Exotic Isotope Stabilizer
New/Changed Modifications
This is not an exhaustive list.
Prefixes
There are a lot of changes here, and I need some more time to make sense of it.
Crafting Recipe Archive
Most equipable, non-moddable schematics have been deprecated and moved to an Archive category in the crafting window. New Prototype-quality, Adaptive Armor schematics have been added in their place. These items can be Reverse-engineered once to a random prefixed Artifact-quality version.
Example:
A spate of brutal killings in northern India has spurred a group of volunteers to set up a helpline to rescue couples whose lives are in danger because they want to marry across caste lines
Kripa waits in her room. A boy slips in and hands her a small canister of pepper spray, which she tucks beneath her dupatta. She waits again. Someone else is coming. She raises the canister, holds her breath and presses the trigger. As her would-be captor gasps for air, Kripa dives for the door, running between the houses. There is a car waiting just outside the village. She jumps in and the driver guns the engine, kicking up dust as they speed away.
A few hours later she is in a safe house with Prashant, the boy she loves, the boy she was barred from marrying on pain of death because he is from the lowly Meena caste while she is a more exalted Jat. And the Love Commandos are celebrating another victory against the forces of conservatism that decree that a couple's feelings have no part to play in marriage.
It is a reflection of just how tightly caste still holds India in its grip that a group such as the Love Commandos should need to exist at all. But exist they do, a volunteer force dedicated to rescue young lovers from families who would rather kill them than suffer the social stigma of an unsuitable match, and from the khap panchayats, the notorious village caste councils that rule on who can and cannot marry and regularly pass sentence of death on those who refuse to accept their diktats on caste or gotra (another subdivision based on lineage). The Love Commandos' phones ring night and day. What started as a group of like-minded friends protecting couples trying to celebrate Valentine's Day is rapidly becoming a national movement, with 2,000 volunteers across the country and more coming forward every day.
Founder Sanjoy Sachdev leans against the blue-painted wall of the back room of their headquarters, a small house tucked away among a warren of backstreets in the heart of old Delhi, retelling Kripa's story. His legs are stretched out in front of him on the bed that fills half the room. The 51-year-old is smoking a cigarette and talking on a mobile phone. "Welcome to the Love Commando helpline, Channel 12. Good afternoon. Sir, kindly speak in English or Hindi. Yes, yes, we can help you," he tells the caller. Sachdev draws on the cigarette, listening to the voice on the other end of the phone. It is a young boy from Andhra Pradesh, worried that his girlfriend's parents will take her away.
"If your girlfriend accepts that she is rich and you are poor, let the people in the village be angry," Sachdev tells him. "We are here to support you. Continue your love affair and call us when there is a problem. You can always call us. " It is not always so simple: sometimes they have to act fast. "When we get a call to say someone's life is in danger our teams rush to help," says Sachdev.
The volunteers – doctors, lawyers, engineers, shopkeepers, students – are unarmed save for the pepper spray. "We wanted to shun violence with non-violent means," says Sachdev. "But we use the pepper spray when someone has to be rescued and life is in danger."
The Love Commandos claim to have helped hundreds of couples marry since they set up the hotline in July. "You have to understand that in every nook and corner of the country there are couples under threat," Sachdev says. "Our society does not accept love. There is a social stigma involved in a boy and girl in love."
It was an outbreak of so-called honour killings in northern India this year that spurred the Love Commandos into action, convincing Sachdev and his friends to transform their ad hoc operation into a 24-hour national hotline. It also prompted the supreme court to issue notices to the national government and six states to protect couples from the edicts of the panchayats.
Officially, the police recorded 19 murders in northern India as honour killings between 19 April and 30 June this year. But with many such killings dismissed as "suicides", the true figure is probably about 10 times higher. One recent study estimated that there are more than 1,000 honour killings in India every year, the vast majority in the northern states of Haryana, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh.
The obsession with caste and status is nowhere better demonstrated than in the matrimonials section of India's national papers. Brahmins are much sought after by parents seeking a suitable match for their offspring. Rajputs, too. Even those claiming to be more cosmopolitan are no less demanding. "Caste no bar," one advert declared last week, while stipulating that the successful groom must be a "Nasa space scientist, age 29-30".
Those who fail to make the grade are in mortal danger if they insist on pursuing the affair: so is the son or daughter of the family opposed to the match.
Aarti found that out the hard way. The Love Commandos saved her in the end, but not before her mother had sold her three times in an attempt to get her out of the way. Better that than suffer the shame of her daughter marrying Sanjay, the boy Aarti had fallen in love with the first time she clapped eyes on him on the rooftop of the neighbouring house in the city of Agra, home of the Taj Mahal, that most familiar monument to love.
She gazes at him now as she talks, her fingers playing with the fabric of her pink and orange dupatta. The 19-year-old has a slash of vermilion running along her central parting, the sign of a married Hindu woman.
"The first time I saw him I fell for him. It was my heart's feeling. Even if I attempt to forget him, I never can," she says. He is a day labourer, aged 21, making cardboard boxes for a handful of rupees. He sits beside her in his faded jeans and cheap printed T-shirt on the bed of the safe house. "I had a clear view into her house," Sanjay says. "We used to talk to each other across the rooftops. It was love at first sight. But it was when we fell in love that the problems started."
Never mind that both their mothers worked as domestics, both their fathers were dead and they lived next door to each other: Aarti's caste, Thakur, the dominant one in the street, easily outranked Sanjay's Kashyap caste.
Three years ago, Aarti's mother, Laxmi Devi, overheard her talking to Sanjay. "It was just sweet nothings," she says. "I love you, that sort of thing."
Laxmi Devi could not contain her fury. Her daughter was consorting with a lower-caste boy and bringing shame on them all. She resolved to do whatever it took to get Aarti out of the picture.
"My cousin was beating me and my mother was beating me and the whole neighbourhood was beating me because my mother made such a hue and cry about it," says Aarti. "They just didn't want me to marry him. They said they would kill me, they would never let us get married."
She dabs at her tears. The first time her mother sold her was in 2007, for 10,000 rupees (£140). "She took me to a temple. I thought she was going to let me marry Sanjay. But a woman and a man came there. My mother was haggling with them," she says. "She wanted to sell me as a slave for extramarital relations," she says.
Aarti protested so much that the couple called her mother to take her home, and the beatings started again. "Sometimes it was a stick, sometimes with a bat, sometimes my head was banged into walls or I was slapped and punched. They used to lock me up in my room."
Last year Laxmi Devi sold her again. This time a man came to the house. Aarti was summoned. Her mother said she had decided to drop her opposition to the match. Aarti was to go with this man to find Sanjay. When the man tried to rape her, she ran to a nearby village and the women there sent her home. Again she was beaten. But her mother appeared to be tiring of the fight.
On 8 May this year, she took Aarti and Sanjay to Ghaziabad, near Delhi, presented them at a temple and told them they were now man and wife. For four days, the couple were together. Then Laxmi Devi changed her mind. Aarti was summoned home again, ostensibly to be presented to her relatives. Instead she was sold for the third and final time.
This time she found herself in Sobi Pura village near Firozabad in Uttar Pradesh. Some people had come to the house and given money to her mother. She says she was threatened with a gun if she tried to escape, but she seized her moment and ran. When she reached the road, she called Sanjay. He had heard about the Love Commandos a few days earlier on a late-night television bulletin. Now he dialled the number. The voice on the other end told him to get to Delhi immediately. When they arrived, they were taken to the safe house. The group's lawyers advised that, having already accepted each other as husband and wife in a Hindu temple, they were legally married.
"They will stay with us until we have a guarantee that they will not be attacked or assaulted," says Sachdev.
But money is tight. The Love Commandos rely on individual donations of 100 rupees (£1.40) a year from their volunteers to keep going. "We need places where the khap panchayats can't come and kill us," says Sachdev. "We are appealing to everyone who appreciates love to help us. We are branded people. We have had death threats and our effigies burned."
He flicks through the files. Here is a marriage certificate for Sandeep and Kavita from Haryana. The panchayat had threatened them and volunteers went to the village to rescue her. They got Kavita into a car and then drove the couple to a temple where the marriage ceremony was carried out immediately. The families were informed by telegram.
And here is a picture of Sunil and Geeta from Rajasthan, at their wedding ceremony in Delhi's Arya Samaj Mandir, a temple specialising in love marriages. Sonu Rangi, the group's operational commander, is in the centre of the picture, helping with the ceremony.
"It is disgusting that the government is allowing these panchayats to take place," Sachdev says. "But the sorry state is that the political leaders, for the sake of votes, have never dared, and the officers of the police have never respected the law."
The pressure for action has mounted with the number of cases of honour killing this year: a young couple, Asha and Yogesh, were tied up and tortured to death in Delhi in June because he was from a lower caste; a newlywed man, Rajesh Negi, was set alight for marrying against the wishes of his family, again in Delhi, in August; a couple, Inderpal and Maya, were killed and left in a field in Tamil Nadu two weeks ago. The list goes on. Stung by the public backlash, the Indian government has started making noises about tackling the problem, with the home affairs minister, P Chidambaram, announcing that he is actively considering a new law targeted at honour killing.
Even Bollywood is paying attention. A new movie, Aakrosh, focuses on the murder of Nitish Katara, 24, who was killed in 2002 after falling in love with Bharti Yadav, daughter of an Uttar Pradesh politician, DP Yadav. Katara was hit on the head with a hammer before being doused in petrol and set alight. "The affair was damaging my family's reputation," Yadav's son, Vikas, said in his confession to the crime.
It is a mark of just how conservative many Indians still are in their attitudes towards caste that the film's director, Priyadarshan, felt the need to stress that it was not intended as a criticism of honour killings. "We have left a question mark at the end for the audience to decide whether the practice is right or wrong," he says.
Kripa and Prashant would doubtless think the latter. They are in hiding in a safe house, 800km from Delhi. The death sentence passed on them by their khap panchayat remains in place.
Aarti and Sanjay may be married, but they are still not free. They, too, are under sentence of death. Those who defend the practice of arranged marriage often argue that other cultures fall in love before marriage and out of love afterwards, while in India they marry first and fall in love later. All Aarti and Sanjay want is a chance to find out for themselves which way is right for them.
"We love each other and we want to be together. What is so wrong with that? Why should anyone have the right to keep us apart?" asks Aarti, anger flashing in her eyes. "None should have such a mother," she says.
This, people, is a big one. Remember all the articles we had on Theora, H264, and which codec is better suited for HTML5 video? Well, it seems that Google has officially decided to put some serious weight behind… Theora. What they're doing is a baby step, but one specific aspect of that baby step is very important: Google is openly stating that Theora is free of patents.
Google has decided to put its weight behind Theorarm, an Ogg Theora/Vorbis decoding library specifically optimised towards the ARM platform. Google will fund Theorarm's development in what is clearly an effort by the search and web giant to take away people's fears about mobile devices not being able to handle Theora.
In the blog post announcing the financial support, Google sings praise for Theora. “The complexity of Theora is considerably less than that of many of its peers; other codecs often require dedicated hardware in devices to help achieve performance targets, but with careful coding Theora can be made to run without this,” Google writes.
After praising Theora's quality and compression levels, Google states in no uncertain terms that Theora is patent free. “The overwhelming feature that makes it stand out from its rivals is the fact it's free,” the company writes, “Really free. Not just ‘free to use in decoders', or ‘free to use if you agree to this complicated license agreement', but really, honestly, genuinely, 100% free. The specification for the stream and encoder/decoder source is available for public download and can be freely used/modified by anyone. Theora was designed and is maintained with the overriding goal of avoiding patents. No other codec can come even close to claiming to be as patent or royalty free as Theora can, whilst still holding a candle to the alternatives.”
This means that Google, a major company with a legal department the size of Texas, believes that Theora is not a patent threat. I, personally, have long argued that Google's inclusion of Theora in Chrome meant the company believes Theora is not under threat, but this pretty much seals the deal: Google openly and officially stating what most of us already knew.
This means that Google has positioned itself directly against Apple. Not only is Google trying to solve the problem of Theora on mobile devices, the company is also giving a major vote of confidence regarding the patent issue. If Theorarm manages to deliver, H264 supporters (like Apple) will no longer be able to claim that mobile devices aren't ready for Theora.
This is interesting.
Two Destrehan High School teachers were arrested Wednesday on charges of having group sex with a student at one teacher's apartment in Kenner. Rachel Respess, 24, and Shelley Dufresne, 32, are accused of engaging in an illicit tryst with the 16-year-old boy after the Destrehan-Helen Cox High football game Sept. 12.
Kenner Police Chief Michael Glaser said the menage a trois happened at Respess' apartment at 1354 W. Esplanade Ave. Respess, accompanied by her attorney, surrendered to authorities Wednesday at about 10:30 a.m. Dufresene had already been arrested Tuesday for allegedly having sex with the boy at a home in Montz, where she lives.
Kenner police booked both women with carnal knowledge of a juvenile, indecent behavior with a juvenile and contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile, Glaser said. If charged and convicted on those complaints, the teachers face 0 to 17 1/2 years in prison.
Glaser said the two women were friends, and both had been teachers of the student. Respess was his English teacher last year, Dufresne his English instructor until this week, the chief said.
Authorities said they were tipped to the allegations on Friday, when school system officials told the St. Charles Parish Sheriff's Office that a male student was "bragging to other students that he was having a sexual relationship with teachers." Detectives interviewed the student, who said the encounter was consensual and gave the officers an account of the events, Glaser said. Notwithstanding his statement, the legal age of consent in Louisiana is 17.
Respess gave police a statement. Glaser said she "almost" confessed to having sex with the student but did not go into "intricate details."
"She gave a similar account of his story," Glaser said. "But she stopped short of a total confession."
Dufresne gave no statement to Kenner police. Still, Glaser said, investigators have "no doubt" that the women had sexual intercourse with the student -- and are investigating a rumor that the encounter was recorded on video.
"No matter what sex the victim is, everyone should be outraged," Glaser said. "You have an educator. Their responsibility is the safety and the education of children. ... They should have known better."
Respess' attorney, Jeffrey Smith, said his client maintains her innocence. "All I'm trying to do right now is getting her booked and bonded out," he said. "That's when everything -- the investigation -- begins."
The Kenner arrests came a day after St. Charles sheriff's deputies booked Dufresne with carnal knowledge of a juvenile. That incident occurred at a Montz home in September, authorities said. Dufresne's father is state District Judge Emile St. Pierre.
Stevie Crovetto, a spokeswoman for St. Charles public schools, said the school system "has been fully cooperating with the Sheriff's Office throughout the investigation." Dufresne and Respess were suspended Friday with pay, but that was modified to no-pay upon their arrests, school officials said
Two men were shot and two others were detained by police Wednesday following an exchange of gunfire in a shopping center parking lot and one-vehicle crash on Martin Luther King Jr Way.
Police are still investigating at two different crime scenes and two men first exchanged gunfire in a parking lot near Martin Luther King Jr Way South and South Myrtle Street shortly after 2:15 PM.
One man was struck in the shoulder and was later found at the scene by police and transported to Harborview Medical Center with non-life-threatening injuries.
Detectives believe the second gunman fled to a green Toyota sedan, occupied by two other men, which sped off south on MLK Way. The Toyota crashed and two of the passengers fled, leaving one seriously injured man behind. Medics transported him to Harborview with life-threatening injuries, including a gunshot wound.
Police have detained the two other men who fled the crashed vehicle and gang detectives continue to investigate this developing incident.
Yang Yunchun, NAV Technology chairman and president, did not respond to repeated requests to comment. By phone, NAV Technology's Mr. Xiong turned down requests for information about the company's activities. The Chinese-language company website does not list an AESA radar as a product.
Public information indicates that Yang began his career in aeronautical engineering with bachelor and master degrees from Harbin Engineering University (1993/1997) and a doctorate at the University of California (2001). His primary academic focus was global positioning system (GPS) and inertial navigation system (INS) integration, and advanced GPS signal processing. After his doctorate, Yang worked for NavCom Technology and ContainerTrac.
NAV's product catalog offers to "reverse engineer" an INS system for the Pakistan Air Force's (PAF's) Dassault Mirage III. "Currently the Litton LN-33 INS has reliability problems at PAF and NAV Technology has proposed a comprehensive solution to reverse engineer the problem and provide detailed solution."
A source who worked with Yang in California said that Yang had been under investigation by the FBI for "creating shell companies" and "violating intellectual property" and "export controls." However, there are no public US federal judicial records indicating Yang was charged with any crime.
In 2003, public records indicate Yang, his wife, Yi Yang, and Yunhai Science and Technology (YH Technology) were sued by Crossbow Technology over patent violations involving GPS technology. The suit was dismissed in 2007 over an inability to properly identify those responsible for the violation. Yang and his wife claimed they had no connection to Yunhai.
According to Chinese-language media sites, Yang is participating in the Chinese government's secretive 863 Programs. The program is designed to create advanced technologies that will wean China off its dependence on difficult-to-obtain foreign technologies. Yang's participation in the program involves improvements to the GPS/BD2 receiver and the network of continuously operating reference stations used for real-time kinematic satellite navigation systems, used to improve the precision of positioning data.
The product catalog does indicate a strong interest in marketing avionics products to the Pakistan Air Force, in particular the joint China/Pakistan-developed JF-17 fighter aircraft, as well as providing support for the Mirage III.
The large amounts of marketing proposals in the product catalog suggest the AESA radar might have been targeted to the JF-17.
The head of the JF-17 sales and marketing team, Air Commodore Khalid Mahmood, would not comment specifically on any progress being made on acquiring an AESA radar for the JF-17 Block III beyond saying, "The AESA radar project is making steady progress. Installation of the radar will add significantly to the combat potential of our aircraft. We are satisfied and happy with the progress."
No comment was forthcoming from Mahmood on Pakistan's relationship with NAV Tech.
Though unaware what level of progress has been made on selecting an AESA radar, analyst Kaiser Tufail, former Pakistani air commodore and pilot, said if a Chinese AESA radar has been selected, it may have been the only realistic option.
"Given the Western concerns about transfer of sensitive technology, which could find its way further east, I think we may have had no other option but to buy Chinese," he said.
Analyst Usman Shabbir with the Pakistan Military Consortium think tank said that from his discussions with the JF-17 team at this year's Paris Airshow, he learned that a Chinese AESA radar option had gained favor over a European offering.
He acknowledges NAV Technology is heavily involved in providing navigation avionics for the JF-17 as well as some precision-guided munitions along with a transfer of technology to enable local production. However, he was inclined to believe a Chinese AESA radar would be provided by an established company such as Nanjing Research Institute of Electronic Technology, which produces the current JF-17's KLJ-7 fire control X-band radar.
"Very few companies can make AESA solutions and not much is known about Chinese companies apart from NRIET," he said, although he is uncertain of Chinese progress in this area that would allow an AESA radar to be installed in the JF-17.
Event Japanese/English
Introduction
Play Hello! I'm the carrier, Saratoga. Admiral, please call me Sara. Nice to meet you.
Hello！ 航空母艦、Saratogaです。提督、Saraとお呼びくださいね。よろしくお願い致します。
Introduction
Play Hello! I'm the carrier, Saratoga. I was just remodelled and my equipment and planes are upgraded too! Let's keep working hard together!
Hello! 航空母艦、Saratogaです。Saraも改修で、艤装と艦載機、強化しました！これからもご一緒に、頑張りましょう！
Library
Play Hello! I'm Saratoga, the fleet carrier that was born in America. I have a name with a great historical pedigree. During that huge battle, I fought hard from start to finish. After that battle, I participated in that experiment with Nagato-san and the others.[1] Now, I'll work hard in the fleet with everyone!
Hello! America生まれの大型正規空母、Saratogaです。 歴史深い由緒ある名前を頂いています。あの大きな戦いでは、最初から最後まで頑張ったんです。 戦いの終わった後、長門さん達と一緒にある実験に参加しました。これからSaraも皆さんと同じ艦隊で頑張らせてくださいね！
Secretary 1
Play How are you?
How are you?
Secretary 2
Play Yes, I'm here.
はい、Saraはここに。
Secretary 3
Play Admiral, I just finished maintenance on that Wildcat. Let's do this later. Please.
提督、せっかく整備したWildcatが。後にしてくださいね。お願いです。
Secretary 3
Play Admiral, I just finished maintenance on that Dauntless. Let's do this later. Please.[2]
提督、せっかく整備したDauntlessが。後にしてくださいね。お願いです。
Secretary 3
Play Admiral, I just finished maintenance on that Hellcat. Let's do this later. Please.[3]
提督、せっかく整備したHellcatが。後にしてくださいね。お願いです。
Secretary Idle
Play Yup! With this the planes are all fine! Because I carry a lot, maintenance is a chore. Oh, Nagato! Hi! Eh, it's time for exercises? Sorry, I'm on desk duty today. Maybe next time!
うん！これで艦載機も問題なし！たくさん詰めるから、整備は大変。あら、長門！Hi！へっ、これから演習なの？ごめんなさい、Saraは今日は執務室勤務なんです。また誘ってね！
Wedding
Play Admiral, how are you doing? Eh, is this... for me? Haa, can I open it? Oh my god, beautiful...!
提督、how are you doing？へっ、これをSaraに…ですか？はぁ、開けてみても良いのでしょうか？Oh my god, beautiful...!
Secretary (Married)
Play Admiral? Are you tired? Let me make some tea and something to perk you up. Eh, bread? I'm not very good at baking... But if you insist, I'm good at baking cakes! I'll go make one! Please wait.
提督？お疲れですか？Saraが、お茶と何か元気が出るものをご用意しましょう。へっ、パン？パン屋はSaraはあまり…どちらかと言えば、ケーキのほうが得意なんです！ご用意しましょう！待ってくださいね。
Player's Score
Play The information? I'll compile it and bring it to you.
情報ですね？Saraが整理してお持ちします。
Joining the Fleet
Play Carrier Saratoga, setting sail. Follow me!
航空母艦Saratoga、抜錨します。続いて！
Equipment 1
Play Beautiful! They're quite good!
Beautiful！いい子たちですね！
Equipment 2
Play This is a great plane! This one is good too!
いい艦載機！この子もいいですね！
Equipment 3[4]
Play Oh my god!
Oh my god!
Supply
Play Thanks a lot! Thank you very much.
Thanks a lot! ありがとうございます。
Docking (Minor)
Play Sorry, I'll need a little rest Admiral.
Sorry、少しだけ休みます、提督。
Docking (Major)
Play I'm sorry, I'll need to go rest in the rear lines. So sorry Admiral.
I'm sorry、後方でお休みを頂きます。ごめんなさい、提督。
Construction
Play A new ship has been commissioned!
新造艦、就役です！
Return From Sortie
Play Mission accomplished Admiral.
作戦完了です、提督。
Starting a Sortie
Play Sara, sortieing! Everyone, let's go!
Sara、出撃します！皆さん、行きましょう！
Starting a Sortie
Play CV-3, Sara, sortieing! Everyone, let's go!
CV-3 Sara、出撃します！皆さん、行きましょう！
Starting a Battle
Play Let's go! Air wing, commence take off!
行きます！航空隊、発艦初め！
Attack
Play Attack!
Attack!
Air Battle
Play I'm counting on you my little ones!
Saraの子たち、お願いします！
Air Battle
Play I'm counting on you my little ones! Ready? Attack!
Saraの子達、頼みます。いい？Attack!
Night Battle
Play Fleet, commence pursuit! Follow me!
艦隊全身、追撃戦に移行します！Saraに続いて！
MVP
Play Oh my god! Did I really do that well!? I feel, kind of guilty about it.
Oh my god！Saraの戦闘がそんなに！？何か、申し訳ない気もします。
MVP
Play Oh my god! Did I really do that well!? It's all thanks to you Admiral. Let's raise a glass when we get back!
Oh my god！Saraの戦果がそんなに！？提督のお蔭ですね。帰ったら乾杯しましょう！
Minor Damage 1
Play Aah!
あぁ！
Minor Damage 2
Play Eh, the flight deck!? Damage control!
へ、飛行甲板に！？Damage control！
Major Damage
Play No way! My flight deck and butt...
嫌だ、もう！飛行甲板とお尻が…
Sunk
Play Oh my god, is this... where I'll sink? This is farewell, Admiral... Goodbye...
PHILADELPHIA— Andrew Gardner's long, strange trip to becoming the starting right guard for the Philadelphia Eagles, even if it is only a temporary assignment, is not unlike what so many at his position go through to get to the top.
And since the Eagles have settled on him over Matt Tobin and Dennis Kelly as the man to replace injured starter Todd Herremans, who is out for the season, the offense has moved as well as it ever has under second-year coach Chip Kelly.
What that portends for next season is unknown, but for now, Gardner is the starter and the Eagles have settled into a very encouraging offensive groove with him playing between center Jason Kelce and right tackle Lane Johnson.
"I think he and Lane are starting to really get in sync in terms of playing together and understanding what's going on," coach Chip Kelly said Monday. "I think the last two games he's played really well."
On Thanksgiving, Gardner was part of what was arguably the best game for the offensive line this year as it produced 464 yards and 33 points in a romp over the Dallas Cowboys.
Gardner also started the previous game, a 43-24 demolition of Tennessee. Earlier in the season, when injuries sidelined Allen Barbre, Kelce and left guard Evan Mathis and a suspension kept Johnson out of the first four games, Gardner also saw extensive action in three games — all wins.
He played a majority of the season-opening 34-17 win over Jacksonville at right tackle in place of Barbre. He started the next week at right tackle in a 30-27 win at Indianapolis and then again in a 37-24 win at Washington in Week 3.
If you're keeping score at home, that's 34, 30, 37, 43 and 33 points the Eagles have scored in the games he's either started or played a majority of the snaps.
Not bad for a 28-year-old who played in just eight games with five teams over the previous five seasons before landing in Philadelphia with a contract that rewarded him with a ridiculously low $10,000 signing bonus.
This was because Gardner was not thought of as a starter, considering his background. He was not even thought of as a player with a good chance to make the team.
"I don't know who it was who told me first," Gardner said, "but I've been told that your chance will eventually come, and if it comes, be ready, because it might be the only one you get. So I've been glad to have this opportunity this year.
"It's unfortunate the way it came. … I'm just glad that I've been able to take advantage of it and play well," he said. "The guys around me have been doing such a good job — both the offensive linemen and the skill players. So with so many quality players, it was so much easier to step in and get that thing going."
Much like Mathis before him, Gardner seems to have found himself in Philadelphia.
Mathis was a journeyman before the Eagles signed him at age 29 in 2011. He's been a starter ever since and made his first Pro Bowl last season.
"That happens a lot," Mathis said. "Timing is an important thing in this league. Luck and timing. You just keep working, keep preparing and keep waiting for your opportunity, and eventually it will come.
"I had an up-and-down career for six years until I finally found a home here," he said.
So it is that as the Eagles get ready to host the defending Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks on Sunday, part of the spotlight now shines on Gardner, who started the season as a backup to a backup to a backup.
Barbre, who was the original choice to fill in at right tackle during Johnson's suspension, was lost for the season after just a few plays. Gardner was plugged in only because Tobin, who was injured to start the season, wasn't available for the first three weeks.
Lengthy injury absences for Mathis, Kelce and Herremans would follow, creating a musical-chairs dynamic for a line that was together to start every game the season before. This year, that same group would be together for exactly zero games.
Tobin also was the first choice to fill in for Herremans when he was lost for the season with a torn biceps, but when he faltered in a blowout loss at Green Bay, it opened the door for Gardner, who slammed it shut behind him.
"I think he's just consistent," Kelly said. "He's one of those steady-Eddie guys. You know what you're getting from him all the time. He's on his feet, he's a real smart player, he's versatile, can play a couple different positions."
Gardner is under contract for next season too, and at a very reasonable salary of $745,000, just $15,000 more than this year, in which he's earned every penny.
Bigger money could await if the Eagles see him as a permanent starter. But for now, Gardner is just happy to be part of a winner, playing for the first time and being a huge part of an offensive juggernaut that continues to find ways to pile up points.
People in 40 cities across the country may be subjected to a graphic anti-abortion ad while watching the Super Bowl in February.
The ads are the brainchild of anti-abortion crusader Randall Terry, who founded Operation Rescue. The ads claim abortion is mass murder and show what is purported to be images of aborted fetuses.
He mounted a Democratic primary challenge against President Barack Obama to take advantage of a Federal Communication Commission (FCC) loophole that prevents campaign ads from being censored.
FCC-licensed TV stations can reject ads based on graphic content, but they are required by law to run the ads of federal candidates within the 45-day window of any primary election or caucus in a given state.
But the ads will only run in local markets. NBC is not required by law to air the ads.
Terry plans to air the ads in the 40 cities where he will be on the ballot against Obama in Democratic primaries or caucuses. He has already purchased air time for at least one ad.
“There has NEVER been an opportunity like this since Roe vs. Wade brought us child killing on demand,” he said in a fundraising email. “Because I am running for President, the law to run the political ads I see fit, protects me.”
“We will reach TENS OF MILLIONS OF AMERICANS, and get enormous media coverage as well. And THAT, my friend, is what the babies deserve.”
Terry has previously run the ads in Iowa and New Hampshire.
[H/T: David Badash]
8
130 Shares
Professional wrestler John Cena used this workout to add 24 pounds of muscle in 7 months.
Day 1: Legs and Calves
Seated calf raises 10 x 20-10
Standing calf raises 4 x 25 (bodyweight only)
Standing single leg curls 4 x 20-25
Leg presses 5 x 20
Leg ext 4 x 15
Squats 4 x 10
Hack squats 3 x 15 supersetted with single leg extensions 3 x 10
Day 2 Chest
Incline machine press 5 x 20
Incline barbell press 5 x 20
Machine flies 3 x 15
Cable flies 3 x 15
Bench 3 x 10
Day 3: Arms
Preacher curls 5 x 12
Standing barbell curl 3 x 10-12
Seated dumbbell curl 3 x 10-12
Standing cable curl 3-4 x 12
Rope pressdowns 3 x 20 supersetted with single-arm cable pressdowns 3 x 10
Lying tricep extension 6 x failure
Overhead cambered ext 3 x 20
Seated barbell extension 3 x 20
Dips 4 x failure
Day 4: Shoulders
Rear delt machine flies 5 x 20
Machine overhead press 5 x 20
Machine side laterals 5 x 20
Seated military 3 x 10
Dumbbell laterals 3 x 12
Standing barbell press 3 x 10
Day 5: Back
Lat pulldowns 5 x 20
Bent barbell rows 5 x 12-20
One arm dumbbell rows 5 x 12-20
Deadlifts 4 x 8-15
High rows 4 x 20
Pullups 4 x failure
Shrugs 5 x 20
John Cena Workout Notes
John Cena performs 1 set of 60 crunches at the end of each training day.
John Cena focus on the use of high volume and “the pump” to build muscle.
John Cena stated that this workout helped him gain 24 pounds of muscle in only 7 months.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE has had problems in the past with dehydration, her husband said Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
Clinton's health has been the target of scrutiny after a video surfaced showing the Democratic presidential nominee leaving an event early Sunday and stumbling into a car.
Aides later said Clinton was "overheated." Her doctor said in a statement late Sunday that she is being treated for pneumonia and had become dehydrated.
"Rarely, on more than one occasion, over the last many, many years, the same sort of thing's happened to her when she got severely dehydrated, and she's worked like a demon, as you know, as Secretary of State, as a senator, and in the year since," former President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was 'a loser' MORE said during a Monday interview with CBS' Charlie Rose.
"And she had two-and-a-half hard days before the day when she got dizzy. Today she made a decision, which I think was correct, to cancel her campaign day to take one more day to rest."
Aides said Clinton will be back on the campaign trail later this week.
The former president said there's no chance she will be absent for longer than that.
"I'll be lucky to hold her back another day," he said.
Clinton also rejected speculation that his wife could have a health issue more serious than dehydration.
"Well, if it is then it's a mystery to me and all of her doctors," he said.
Ligia Ceballos Franco says she was stolen from parents in Spain under General Franco and placed with a family in Mexico
Mexican woman claims she was one of 30,000 babies stolen from Spain
A woman has filed a complaint with prosecutors in Mexico, claiming that she was stolen as a baby in Spain during the dictatorship of Francisco Franco and handed over to a well-heeled Mexican family who raised her as their own.
Ligia Ceballos Franco said on Thursday that she may be among an estimated 30,000 babies who were taken from their real parents under the Franco dictatorship from 1938 to 1975.
Spanish mother reunited with daughter she was told had died at birth Read more
She claims the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Merida facilitated the adoption. The Merida archdiocese did not respond to request for comment.
After being told she was adopted, Ceballos Franco found a local government document in Madrid saying a baby had been handed over to her Mexican parents in 1968.
She found a birth record for Diana Ortíz Ramirez, which may be her. Her biological parents were apparently told she had died at birth. The targets of such deception were often opponents of the Franco regime.
Ceballos Franco wants Mexican prosecutors to conduct an investigation, based on a provision in the law against forced disappearances that covers hiding or denying someone's identity.
“This could mark a precedent in the judicial concept of the search for the truth,” said Amnesty International's Mexico director, Tania Reneaum.
Lawyers argue that the statute of limitations does not apply until the disappearance – or identity theft – are cleared up.
Eric Gill – the past, present and future of type design As it updates two of Eric Gill's best-known typefaces, Monotype is delving into the type designer's archive. We take a look at some of his key sketches, workings and correspondence.
An early proof of Gill Shadow
Monotype is updating two of Eric Gill's most famous typefaces – Gill Sans and Joanna – to create the new Eric Gill Series of fonts.
The new Eric Gill series features more than 75 fonts in three families.
Gill Sans was first released by Monotype in 1928 and became the foundry's fifth best-selling typeface of the 20th century, while Joanna was released in 1931 and was named after one of Gills' daughters.
To mark the release of the typefaces, Monotype is set to hold an exhibition at London's Truman Brewery showcasing archive material relating to the typefaces' development.
The show will feature test prints for display weights that were never digitised, correspondence and hand-drawings from Gill and copper-plates from the letterpress production of the typefaces.
Visitors will be able to “set” super-sized glyphs of Gill typefaces on a magnetic wall, and consultancy Field has created a digital installation that will aim to “show type as an emotive and adaptive means of communication”.
You can examine some of the archive Gill material in our picture gallery below.
The Eric Gill Series exhibition runs from 4-10 November at the Old Truman Brewery, 91 Brick Lane, London E1. For more information visit www.eventbrite.com.
Gill Sans
1928 ink drawings for Gill Sans Titling caps, the first style of what would become a large family of typefaces
A 1929 Gill Sans production drawing shows how characters based on the same shape were prepared on the same sheet to maintain consistency
An early test proof of Gill Sans Shadow No 3
A test of spacing using only the limited set of letters created for this display size of Gill Sans Extra Bold
In 1930 Gill investigated another weight of the Titling Caps by drawing over a proof set a few months earlier
The widespread popularity of Gill Sans inspired many playful display styles, shown here with Gill's notes and alterations
Gill Sans details
Gill's first sketches for Gill Kayo – “Double-elefans” – from September 1932
Gill's revised drawings from October 1932 show the Gill Kayo design that was finally produced
Gill added lowercase letters to Gill Kayo in February 1933
The release of Gill Kayo (UltraBold) in Monotype Newsletter No. 27 (1936) was certainly not understated
Joanna
Original 1939 ink drawings by Eric Gill used as reference by Monotype's Type Drawing Office to prepare its version of Joanna Italic
One of the Caslon Foundry drawings for the first cutting of Joanna
Joanna's commercial release in 1958 was accompanied by an issue of The Monotype Recorder devoted to Gill's typefaces and lettering
Field's installations
June 21, 2010 1:47 pm ET — Media Matters Action Network
The Texas Republican Party's new 25-page platform is chock-full of absurd policy prescriptions, many of which are based on the most absurd of conspiracy theories. While not particularly surprising for Texas, the platform does remind us just how outside the mainstream Republicans in Texas truly are. Political Correction sifted through the haphazardly written document and highlighted several sections that best symbolize the sort of conservatives who have political control in Texas (all emphases added):
We recommend a national sales tax (which does not include a Value Added Tax) to replace all other Federal taxes once the I.R.S. is abolished and the Sixteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution is repealed. However, until such time that the income tax is abolished, we support deductions for private and homeschooling, home mortgages, and sales taxes.
We believe the Minimum Wage Law should be repealed.
We oppose the Census Bureau's obtaining data beyond the number of people residing in a dwelling, and we oppose statistical sampling adjustments in the "mid-decade" census. We urge that U.S. citizens who, because of religion or conscience, are compelled to withhold their full response to any census question, be held guiltless. We support the actual counting of people and oppose any type of estimation or manipulation of data.
We support the removal of the system of tenure in Texas state colleges and universities.
We deplore all discrimination. We also deplore forced sensitivity training and urge repeal of any mandate requiring it. We urge immediate repeal of the Hate Crimes Law. Until the Hate Crimes Law is totally repealed, we urge the Legislature to immediately remove the education curriculum mandate and the sexual orientation category in said Law.
We oppose the manner in which alleged vehicle violations are documented and fines levied against individuals without proof of their having been the driver of the offending vehicle and we call for a ban on Red Light Cameras in the State of Texas.
We recommend three levels of college tuition: In state requiring proof of Texas legal citizenship, Out of State requiring proof of US citizenship, and, nonresident legal alien. Non-US citizens should not be eligible for state or federal grants, or loans.
We believe that parents are best suited to train their children in their early development and oppose mandatory pre-school and Kindergarten. We urge Congress to repeal government sponsored programs that deal with early childhood development.
We support an immediate and orderly transition to a system of private pensions based on the concept of individual retirement accounts, and gradually phasing out the Social Security tax. We insist that Social Security benefits be non-taxable. To protect the Social Security System, its funds should not be co-mingled or spent with general revenues or invested in private or public corporate stock.
We urge the Texas legislature in its next biennial session to enact legislation requiring a sonogram be performed and offered as part of the consent process to each mother seeking an elective abortion.
We support legislation that requires doctors, at first opportunity, to provide to a woman who is pregnant, information about the nervous system development of her unborn child and to provide pain relief for her unborn if she orders an abortion.
We call upon the Federal Communications Commission to revoke broadcast licenses of stations that air programs and advertisements in violation of existing laws and FCC guidelines. We further oppose reinstatement of the Fairness Doctrine and any similar concept, which would limit outlets for free speech.
We oppose the legalization of sodomy. We demand that Congress exercise its authority granted by the U.S. Constitution to withhold jurisdiction from the federal courts from cases involving sodomy.
Further, we urge Congress to withhold Supreme Court jurisdiction in cases involving abortion, religious freedom, and the Bill of Rights.
We believe Congress should repeal the Federal Reserve Act of 1913.
We strongly believe that the United States of America must protect and defend its national sovereignty as given in the Constitution to the people and remain free of external control or influence and be governed independently of any foreign power, especially with regard to the formation of the North American Union/Community as proposed by the Council of Foreign Relations (CFR). We call upon the President, Senators and Representatives to defend our national sovereignty in accordance with their oaths of office.
Education falls under the 10th Amendment to our United States Constitution. Given this, the Department of Education (DOE) and No Child Left Behind (NCLB) have no jurisdiction and must be repealed.
We call on the Legislative, Executive and Judicial branches of these United States to clarify Section 1 of the 14th amendment to limit citizenship by birth to those born to a citizen of the United States: with no exceptions.
Our policy [on Israel] is based on God's biblical promise to bless those who bless Israel and curse those who curse Israel and we further invite other nations and organizations to enjoy the benefits of that promise.
We oppose a one-world government in direct opposition to our basic principles and eroding our sovereignty. We oppose the implementation of one world currency.
We demand Congress stop funding the IMF and any other international financing agencies.
We believe it is in the best interest of the citizens of the United States that we immediately rescind our membership in, as well as all financial and military contributions to, the United Nations.
[h/t: Daily Kos]
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc has pushed the launch of its HomePod smart speaker to early next year from December, the company said on Friday, missing the holiday shopping season as the market for such devices becomes increasingly competitive.
Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing announces the new Apple HomePod during the annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California, U.S. June 5, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam
“We can't wait for people to experience HomePod ... but we need a little more time before it's ready for our customers. We'll start shipping in the U.S., UK and Australia in early 2018,” an Apple spokeswoman said via email.
Apple introduced the voice-controlled HomePod in June. The speaker, which can make music suggestions and adjust home temperatures, takes aim at Amazon.com Inc's Alexa feature and Echo devices.
Apple has forecast between $84 billion and $87 billion in revenue for the holiday - mostly driven by sales of its $999 iPhone X - so it's unlikely that missing a few weeks of sales of its $349 speaker will affect its financial results, Bob O'Donnell, founder of Technalysis Research, said.
The indirect effects will have a stronger negative impact, he said. Apple is working to keep its Siri voice assistant relevant in the face of competition from Amazon's Alexa and Alphabet Inc's Google Assistant, both of which are featured on smart speakers from those companies.
People use voice assistants more often on smart speakers than on phones, so even if owners of Amazon or Google speakers also have an iPhone, there's a good chance that they're talking to Alexa or Google Assistant as much or more than Siri.
“Last holiday season, smart speakers were huge, and this season they're going to be huge,” O'Donnell said. With Apple's delay, “there will now be some people who make a different choice. The market's getting more and more competitive.”
Apple is also counting on HomePod to boost subscriptions to Apple Music and block the rise of rival Spotify. Smart speakers from Google and Amazon let users give voice commands to play Spotify, but Apple Music does not work on the rival devices.
Apple's main pitch for its HomePod smart speakers was superior audio quality, but that advantage appears to be slipping: Sonos, which also pitches its speakers' audio quality for music lovers, now features support for the Alexa voice assistant.
Earlier this year, Amazon announced the Echo Plus, a smart speaker with better audio quality, and Google confirmed to Reuters that its Home Max speaker with improved speakers will ship in December, though it has not given a specific date.
But Apple could still have a surprise or two in store. The company gave scant details about its speaker in June, leaving it room to announce exclusive music content or other unexpected features, said Brian Blau, an analyst with Gartner.
“When HomePod comes out, you'll probably hear some great content from artists that are familiar and popular, and there's probably going to be some other special aspects as well,” he said.
Watch Operator Episode 1
Watch Operator Episode 2:
Stretch goals!
The funding goal of $14,840 is the minimum to produce EP 3. For each additional $14,840 an additional episode can be produced up to 13 Episodes (the season is 15 episodes including the existing 1 and 2)
About the Operator Web Series
Hi! I'm Sam Barnett. Writer Director of Operator. In the original Operator the InfoCorp corporation enslaves all of its workers with a biomechanical parasite. The web series picks up where the short left off, following workers that escape the initial infection as they fight back against the company. And the leaders as they lose control of the organization they set in motion.
After receiving an incredible response I immediately set about expanding it into a web series. I spent two years writing a full season of 15 episodes with one overarching story. Developing new characters and fleshing out a much larger world. Then we launched our 1st kickstarter which, thanks to all of our incredible backers, funded episode 2. Episode 3 is a major step forward in the arc of Operator as we begin to meet those behind the Rhizomect system and learn more about what it can unleash.
I was inspired to make Operator by a few things: parasites like the cordyceps mushroom, which controls the brains of ants so it can use their bodies as food while it spreads its spores as far as possible. Also, what I like to call “parasitic ideas.” Our minds are made up of ideas that come from all over the place. And somehow once we accept an idea it feels like its part of who we are, even if that idea ends up being terrible for us.
The point is that we grow up with this idea that there is a clear barrier between ourselves and everything else. Operator is a story about a world in which that barrier is ripped to pieces and the boundary between what is and is not us becomes very unclear. It is told from the perspective of characters that have very little power, struggling against a massive corporation that is trying to destroy them. It is a story that I am passionately committed to.
We need your help to make Operator happen. Many of the rewards include putting your name in the credits because it really is you that is bringing this project to life.
There is no way around the fact that making great animation takes a lot of manpower. Everything in stop motion is individually crafted: each puppet has to be sculpted, each mouth and hand and prop and set piece is created. I want to make a web series that is gripping, fun, and terrifying. With the ability to hire some other very talented artists I think we can make something that is truly excellent. I hope you are excited to see more OPERATOR and help me fund this project!
Characters
Physical Rewards
For pledges of $100 or more.
Silicone Handcrafted Puppet Hand! Can be posed in any position! Can be used to swing small objects at the incredibly slow rate of stop motion animation!
For pledges of $300 or more.
Leather and Copper Hand Made Decorative Trevor Mask. Hang it on your wall and feel the terror of Operator in your own home! Manufactured by the incredible Sydney Moffat!
For pledges of $50 or more.
3 inch painted plaster bust of your choice of: Mike, Carl or Laura.
For $75 or more.
The Flesh And Metal Rhizome statue. Each statue is unique as the mold it is cast in deteriorates with each casting. 5 inches tall, painted plaster.
For pledges of $100 or more.
Trevor bust sculpture. 3 inches tall painted plaster and copper.
Where is the money going? $14,840 is the funding goal per episode. This includes $3,050 in Kick-starter fees and taxes, and the estimated cost of producing and shipping the physical rewards. $11,790 is the actual cost to produce each episode. This is an extremely low cost for 7-10 minutes of animation. I am able to keep cost this low because I already have invested in, or can borrow most of the equipment needed. I will be continuing to do as much of the work myself as I can. But I will be hiring professional animators, VFX artist and voice actors to help bring the series to the next level. They all have rent to pay, I don't want to ask them to work for free. Here is a breakdown of the budget per episode:
Over the course of the past eighty years or so, photographer William Mortensen has been recognized as a groundbreaking technician, discredited as a hack, and canonized as a cult icon. It's a strange journey that began in glamorous 1920s Hollywood and has included such figures as Fay Wray in the role of ingénue, Ansel Adams as villain, and Anton LaVey as champion. All this is set dressing for Mortensen's body of work: a decadent catalog of witches, monsters, starlets, and freaks that titillate and terrify by turns. Feral House's lavish art book, American Grotesque: The Life and Art of William Mortensen, released in 2014 and edited by Larry Lytle and Michael Moynihan, provides a detailed look at this eccentric artist who has been all but erased from the history of photography. Published alongside a lovingly restored edition of Mortensen's instructional manual-cum-philosophical treatise, The Command to Look: A Master Photographer's Method for Controlling the Human Gaze, the book provides convincing evidence to justify a reassessment of the photographer's work.
Mortensen's career found him working alongside key figures in early Hollywood, with time spent working on the sets of films by Cecil B. DeMille and Tod Browning as well as photographing luminous screen stars like Jean Harlow, Rudolph Valentino, and Clara Bow. For a time, the photographer was legal guardian to fourteen-year-old Fay Wray, freshly arrived in Tinseltown from Salt Lake City. By all accounts a colorful, charismatic figure, Mortensen's subjects tended towards the exotic and provocative. He published a book of photographs based on The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam (1925) and created over 150 images for a planned book on the history of witchcraft (early 1930s). By the 1940s, Mortensen's key focus was on artistic and Romantic—if admittedly naughty—nudes.
The painterly chiaroscuro that characterizes Mortensen's photographs was achieved through the extensive manipulation of the developing and printing processes. This darkroom sorcery earned Mortensen a devoted following in the 1920s and 1930s, resulting in a lucrative business licensing his name to photography chemicals, kits, and lighting rigs while authoring instructional tomes. Mortensen's unique writing style (developed with co-author and model George Dunham) combined practical know-how with philosophical journeys into the realms of aesthetics and audience experience. The most famous of these publications is The Command to Look, a theoretical essay on ways that the photographer's art can manipulate the emotions of his audience using a “Formula for Picture Success.” A combination of composition elements (the diagonal, the S-curve, the triangle combination, and the dominant mass), subject themes (sex, sentiment, and wonder/fear), and strategies to hold the viewer's interest, Mortensen's theory is outlined in a brash and frequently humorous tone that complements the strange and alluring photographs that illustrate the artist's philosophy. Far from acting as high-minded critiques of fine art, Mortensen's books combine a craftsman's eye for process with a genuine desire to delight his audience. It's an approach that is somehow simultaneously populist and bordering on the occult.
This combination of photo-manipulation and commercial appeal would ultimately spell Mortensen's downfall. Considered a symbol of the “pictorialist” school of photography, Mortensen's style came into direct conflict with the “purist” photographers whose influence dominated American photography beginning in the early 1940s. While it might seem this is a simple case of the time-worn battle between so-called “fine art” and “popular art,” American Grotesque presents a more insidious cause for Mortensen's exclusion from the history of photography. The book argues that Ansel Adams, known for his majestic images of natural beauty, spearheaded a seemingly personal campaign to ensure that Mortensen was removed from the artistic record. Adams not only curated his own exhibits that deliberately excluded Mortensen's work, he went so far as to use his influence to suppress exhibits of Mortensen's photographs at other institutions. Evidence of the poisonous nature of Adams' opinion on Mortensen is front and center on the cover of American Grotesque where he is quoted: “For us, Mortensen was the Anti-Christ.”
This vendetta against Mortensen could have spelled the end of his cultural impact, but fate would prove otherwise. The provocative nature of Mortensen's imagery meant that his books were reprinted well into the late 1960s, the market for horror and nudity being an evergreen one. One reader who encountered Mortensen's work during the photographer's slow slip into obscurity was a teenage Anton LaVey. LaVey would go on to employ a number of Mortensen's strategies as outlined in The Command to Look in the development of the Church of Satan. It's easy to find evidence of Mortensen's aesthetic—a combination of dreamy sexuality, nightmarish grotesquerie, and kitschy sentimentality—in the golden era of LaVey's organization. Simultaneously serious in intent and tongue-in-cheek in detail, the influence of Mortensen is explicitly recognized in the dedication of The Satanic Bible. Feral House's reprint of The Command to Look includes an extensive essay detailing the connection between LaVey's and Mortensen's philosophies written by Michael Moynihan, a showpiece in the already impressive restoration of the book.
A significant portion of the appeal of an art book rests in its physical presentation, and American Grotesque has been given a sumptuous hand feel. Printed on heavy, glossy stock and featuring full-page reproductions of scores of Mortensen's photographs, this weighty tome is a delight to hold. Oversized books can be taxing to read, but special care has been taken to balance large-format art reproductions with remarkably legible typesetting. The painstaking biography, multi-source academic critique, and selected essays by Mortensen provide a thorough background for the carefully curated imagery at the heart of the book.
Multiple factors combine to make Mortensen's work relevant in the present. The proliferation of artists working with photographic manipulation means that the “purist” philosophy of photography is but one of many possible approaches to the medium. This, combined with the ease of image sharing via various internet platforms, re-contextualizes Mortensen as a man “ahead of his time” in terms of subject matter and style. While it would be premature to state that Mortensen's contributions to the history of photography will be reappraised, the publication of American Grotesque is an important step towards bringing the artist's work out of the shadowy realm of traded photocopies and underground word-of-mouth.
_____________________________________________________
Written by: Tenebrous Kate
Publisher: Feral House (United States)
Edited by: Michael Moynihan; Larry Lytle (American Grotesque)
Published: November 25, 2014
File Under: Art / Art History / Photography
Language: English
ISBN: 1936239973 (American Grotesque); 1627310010 (The Command to Look)
Pages: 300 (American Grotesque); 190 (The Command to Look)
Format: Hardcover (American Grotesque); Paperback (The Command to Look)
There was a moment in Saturday night's Republican debate that warmed the hearts of all of us Iran-Contra obsessives out here. (We are a small group, but plucky as all hell, and we throw a great party every year on Manucher Ghorbanifar's birthday where we compete in the traditional party game, Swindle The American Suckers.) They were all going on about Iran, and N. Leroy Gingrich, Leader (perhaps) of The Civilizing Forces, decided the discussion was unworthy of his really big geopolitical brain, so he started talking about a project on a level "of the way we fought the Cold War," and then he said he was "proud to have been introduced [this afternoon] by Bud McFarlane, with whom I worked to defeat the Soviet Empire in the 1990's."
Holy hell, we all cried, breaking out the balloons and noisemakers and party hats. Robert (Bud) McFarlane? The guy who was aty the very heart of the illegal gunrunning operation that sold missiles to Iran to subsidize the terrorists we were sponsoring in Central America? The guy who handed over operational control of the criminal conspiracy to noted liar and current Fox News personality Oliver North? The guy who so fudged his testimony to the Tower Commission and to Independent Counsel Lawrence Walsh that he wound up getting jugged for four misdemeanors and stayed unpunished because George H.W. Bush found it necessary for his own legal survival to pardon every one except Charlie Manson on his way out the door in 1988? The guy who most famously went to Teheran to negotiate with the mullahs bearing a Bible and a cake in the shape of a key? That Bud McFarlane? Parrrrrrr-tay!
So N. Leroy Gingrich is "proud" of his association with an American government official who facilitated the sale of American weapons to a nation known for sponsoring terrorism. I ask you again: Why does N. Leroy Gingrich hate America?
Fast Facts: › Five active spacecraft are orbiting Mars, an increase of two since last summer › An enhanced system warns if two orbiters may approach each other too closely
NASA has beefed up a process of traffic monitoring, communication and maneuver planning to ensure that Mars orbiters do not approach each other too closely.
Last year's addition of two new spacecraft orbiting Mars brought the census of active Mars orbiters to five, the most ever. NASA's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) and India's Mars Orbiter Mission joined the 2003 Mars Express from ESA (the European Space Agency) and two from NASA: the 2001 Mars Odyssey and the 2006 Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO). The newly enhanced collision-avoidance process also tracks the approximate location of NASA's Mars Global Surveyor, a 1997 orbiter that is no longer working.
It's not just the total number that matters, but also the types of orbits missions use for achieving their science goals. MAVEN, which reached Mars on Sept. 21, 2014, studies the upper atmosphere. It flies an elongated orbit, sometimes farther from Mars than NASA's other orbiters and sometimes closer to Mars, so it crosses altitudes occupied by those orbiters. For safety, NASA also monitors positions of ESA's and India's orbiters, which both fly elongated orbits.
"Previously, collision avoidance was coordinated between the Odyssey and MRO navigation teams," said Robert Shotwell, Mars Program chief engineer at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California. "There was less of a possibility of an issue. MAVEN's highly elliptical orbit, crossing the altitudes of other orbits, changes the probability that someone will need to do a collision-avoidance maneuver. We track all the orbiters much more closely now. There's still a low probability of needing a maneuver, but it's something we need to manage."
Traffic management at Mars is much less complex than in Earth orbit, where more than 1,000 active orbiters plus additional pieces of inactive hardware add to hazards. As Mars exploration intensifies, though, and will continue to do so with future missions, precautions are increasing. The new process was established to manage this growth as new members are added to the Mars orbital community in years to come.
All five active Mars orbiters use the communication and tracking services of NASA's Deep Space Network, which is managed at JPL. This brings trajectory information together, and engineers can run computer projections of future trajectories out to a few weeks ahead for comparisons.
"It's a monitoring function to anticipate when traffic will get heavy," said Joseph Guinn, manager of JPL's Mission Design and Navigation Section. "When two spacecraft are predicted to come too close to one another, we give people a heads-up in advance so the project teams can start coordinating about whether any maneuvers are needed."
The amount of uncertainty in the predicted location of a Mars orbiter a few days ahead is more than a mile (more than two kilometers). Calculating projections for weeks ahead multiplies the uncertainty to dozens of miles, or kilometers. In most cases when a collision cannot be ruled out from projections two weeks ahead, improved precision in the forecasting as the date gets closer will rule out a collision with no need for avoidance action. Mission teams for the relevant orbiters are notified in advance when projections indicate a collision is possible, even if the possibility will likely disappear in subsequent projections. This situation occurred on New Year's weekend, 2015.
On Jan. 3, automated monitoring determined that two weeks later, MAVEN and MRO could come within about two miles (three kilometers) of each other, with large uncertainties remaining in the exact passing distance. Although that was a Saturday, automatic messages went out to the teams operating the orbiters.
"In this case, before the timeline got short enough to need to plan an avoidance maneuver, the uncertainties shrank, and that ruled out the chance of the two spacecraft coming too near each other," Guinn said. This is expected to be the usual pattern, with the advance warning kicking off higher-level monitoring and initial discussions about options.
If preparations for an avoidance maneuver were called for, spacecraft commands would be written, tested and approved for readiness, but such commands would not be sent to a spacecraft unless projections a day or two ahead showed probability of a hazardous conjunction. The amount of uncertainty about each spacecraft's exact location varies, so the proximity considered unsafe also varies. For some situations, a day-ahead projection of two craft coming within about 100 yards (100 meters) of each other could trigger a maneuver.
The new formal collision-avoidance process for Mars is part of NASA's Multi-Mission Automated Deep-Space Conjunction Assessment Process. A side benefit of it is that information about when two orbiters will be near each other -- though safely apart -- could be used for planning coordinated science observations. The pair could look at some part of Mars or its atmosphere from essentially the same point of view simultaneously with complementary instruments.
Odyssey, MRO and MAVEN -- together with NASA's two active Mars rovers, Opportunity and Curiosity -- are part of NASA's robotic exploration of Mars that is preparing the way for human-crewed missions there in the 2030s and later, in NASA's Journey to Mars strategy.
NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center manages the MAVEN project for the NASA Science Mission Directorate, Washington. MAVEN's principal investigator is based at the University of Colorado's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics. JPL, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages NASA's Mars Exploration Program and the Odyssey and MRO projects for the Science Mission Directorate. Lockheed Martin Space Systems, Denver, built all three NASA Mars orbiters.
For more about NASA's Mars Exploration Program, visit:
http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov
http://www.nasa.gov/mars
News Media Contact
Guy WebsterJet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.818-354-6278guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov2015-150
Following Gaye's 1976 divorce, the broke Motown legend was ordered to hand over half the takings of his next album to ex-wife, Anna. Deciding against a wilfully uncommercial racket, he instead poured his emotions into songs agonisingly documenting their relationship's rise and fall. Though not always the most comfortable listening, the soul in symphonies of anguish like When Did You Stop Loving Me, When Did I Stop Loving You is palpable and weirdly purifying. Similar funky licks to those that heralded his Let's Get It On sex opus now accompany lyrics of devastating candour, whether in the form of admissions of failings and drug problems, vicious digs or near-tearful protestations of love and the pain of betrayal. Reissuing this (including Gaye's original home demos) for Valentine's Day is a fiendishly macabre touch that Gaye would undoubtedly approve of. The perfect gift for somebody who used to love you.
The functions of many important tissues in the body depend on physical properties such as elasticity or ability to bear load. These properties derive from the particular structure of the extracellular matrix formed by a tissue, an arrangement of proteins constructed as a mesh to surround and support the cells it holds. The structural properties of the extracellular matrix are increasingly degraded over the course of aging, however, such as by the formation of advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) that can link together proteins of the extracellular matrix in ways that alter the physical properties of the tissue. In the case of blood vessels, rising levels of these cross-links lead to a progressive loss of elasticity, and that in turn causes a whole range of issues in the cardiovascular system that start at hypertension and culminate in catastrophic structural failure of the heart or important blood vessels.
Biochemistry is as a rule always more complicated than we'd like it to be, and so there are many areas of open investigation when it comes to the chemistry of stiffening blood vessels. Metabolic waste products come in many varieties, and it isn't always the case that any given class is actually doing what it is thought to do. Small consensus positions are quietly overturned on a daily basis at the edges of the field, given the falling costs of performing the necessary work, and the foundations of tomorrow are being built beneath the notice of even most researchers.
One of the more important lines of research at the moment, for all that is has little funding and is paid little attention, is to create the means for more research groups to work on glucosepane in human tissues. This appears to be the most prevalent type of AGE forming cross-links in our species - and here it is worth noting that a part of the complexity of this issue is that the chemistry of extracellular matrix cross-linking is very different in various different mammalian species. Lessons learned in mice are only relevant in a very general sense. You'll see few papers on glucosepane despite its importance in our biochemistry, as good tools for working with the class of compounds that glucosepane belongs to in the context of cells and tissues really don't exist yet. For a variety of not-so-good reasons no major research establishment has yet turned its eyes to building them, and so it has fallen on forward-thinking philanthropy to bridge the gap.
As I said, however, there are a lot of different waste products: it is a large space to explore. Those researchers not working on glucosepane are putting in time on other chemicals thought to be relevant to the issue of blood vessel stiffening, but they often draw a blank or find that presence of waste in cells doesn't necessarily correspond to a significant impact on the function of the extracellular matrix, as is the case here. That may not always be the case, of course, and there are certainly good reasons to think that stiffening isn't just AGEs. Science is as much a process of opening doors to empty rooms as it is of finding the one that hides the goal.
Elastin aging and lipid oxidation products in human aorta
Ryan Kesler wakes up every morning with a view of the Pacific. He goes to the rink every day wearing flip-flops. He skates every shift feeling better physically in training camp than he has since …
Well …
“Since I can remember,” he says.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Since that 41-goal, Selke-Trophy-winning, seventh-game-of-the-Stanley-Cup-Final season in 2010-11?
“Even before that,” he says.
Ryan Kesler is in a good place, and so now are the Anaheim Ducks, who finally have the kind of second-line center who can support Ryan Getzlaf and match up in the Darwinian Western Conference.
“Hopefully,” Kesler says, “we can be a one-two punch that's dominant.”
When Kesler wanted a fresh start after 10 seasons with the Vancouver Canucks, he asked out and used his no-trade clause to narrow the options to two: Anaheim and Chicago. Both teams had openings at 2C. Both gave him a chance to win at age 30.
Anaheim had an added bonus: Kesler grew up in suburban Detroit and married a Michigan girl. He wears a Tigers cap to Ducks practice. But his wife, Andrea, moved to Michigan when she was 16. She's originally from San Diego.
Ducks general manager Bob Murray tried to acquire Kesler before the trade deadline last season. He couldn't close a deal with Mike Gillis, who was trying to hold onto the Canucks GM job and holding out for a high price.
After 10 years in Vancouver, Ryan Kesler is feeling good in Anaheim. (Getty)
The Ducks finished with 116 points, second-most in the NHL. They advanced to the second round of the playoffs and took the Los Angeles Kings – the eventual Stanley Cup champions – to seven games. But some of their weaknesses were exposed: center depth, faceoffs.
Story continues
Murray says this goes back to the aftermath of the Ducks' Cup victory in 2007. With Scott Niedermayer and Teemu Selanne contemplating retirement, the Ducks signed Mathieu Schneider and Todd Bertuzzi. When Niedermayer and Selanne decided to come back, the Ducks found themselves in salary-cap trouble. They had to move players.
The biggest regrets: The Ducks traded center Andy McDonald during the 2007-08 season. They traded winger Chris Kunitz during the 2008-09 season.
“We got ourselves into a world of hurt years ago,” says Murray, who rose to GM in November 2008 when Brian Burke took over the Toronto Maple Leafs. “We screwed up, big time. … I think if you ask Brian Burke, he would tell you the same thing. We tried so hard to win the Cup again that we should have taken a step back and looked at what we were doing.”
Upset by the loss to the Kings, Murray wanted change over the summer. Out went Selanne, Nick Bonino, Jonas Hiller, Saku Koivu, Mathieu Perreault, Stephane Robidas, Luca Sbisa and Daniel Winnik. In came Kesler, Dany Heatley, Clayton Stoner and Nate Thompson.
He isn't done. He has plenty of cap space and will be watching closely over the first 20 or 25 games, plotting his next move(s). Is there enough scoring? Is the defense stout enough? How are young goalies Frederik Andersen and John Gibson coming along?
The Ducks have young, promising defensemen: Cam Fowler, Hampus Lindholm, Sami Vatanen. But none has the skill of Niedermayer or the snarl of Chris Pronger, the stars who anchored the Ducks' blueline when they won the Cup. Murray is keenly aware of that.
“That's always in the back of my mind,” Murray says. “Where is that guy on the back end that's going to be that type of guy? They don't fall off the tree very easily. We're trying to grow them here right now, and if you can't grow them …”
You've got to shake the tree, like Murray did to land his second-line center.
No. 1 center Ryan Getzlaf should have more offensive freedom with Kesler in the No. 2 spot. (USA Today)
Murray made another run at Kesler with Jim Benning, who replaced Gillis as the Canucks GM. He didn't want to give up Bonino, a 26-year-old who scored 22 goals last season. But he had to, along with Sbisa and the 24th pick in the draft, and he was able to hold onto the 10th pick.
Kesler is the key part of the Ducks' plan. The Ducks don't care where they finish in the regular season, as long as they make the playoffs and prepare themselves along the way. They are creating a leadership group, so Getzlaf and Corey Perry aren't carrying the whole load. They want to distribute ice time more evenly, so the top players are fresh for the spring and the Ducks can roll four lines against deep division rivals like L.A. and the San Jose Sharks.
The Ducks now have a premier pain-in-the-butt on each of their top two lines – Perry on the first, Kesler on the second. They now have someone else to go against the likes of Anze Kopitar and Joe Thornton. When there's a draw in the defensive zone, coach Bruce Boudreau doesn't need to send out Getzlaf as often, freeing Getzlaf for more offensive situations.
“It gives us better options,” Boudreau says. “As far as matchups go, when a team was really matching up on Getzlaf's line, we didn't have that other big center that you needed to maybe match up against maybe their No. 1 line.”
“I've started a lot, a lot of faceoffs in the defensive zone,” Getzlaf says. “Having another guy here who is responsible in our zone and can play those minutes is going to help me in some aspects of the offensive side – and just overall.”
Kesler feels rejuvenated. Though he won a lot in Vancouver – and got along fine with coach John Tortorella last season – he didn't like it when the Canucks fell out of contention, didn't love the media scrutiny and wasn't willing to wait while Benning retooled the team. Though he has missed only 38 of 540 games over the past seven seasons, he has been hampered by nagging injuries. He has had wrist surgery, shoulder surgery, hip surgery.
He was healthy this summer for the first time in years, and he worked with a couple of new trainers in the Detroit area. When he arrived in Southern California, he soaked up the sunshine with his family and started getting to know his teammates – a new guy for the first time in a decade. When he came to camp, he put up the best fitness scores of his life.
“I'm not old, but I'm getting up there,” Kesler says. “It's a chance. I know how close these guys were last year, and with the changes they made, hopefully we're that much closer.
“We're a long way from April, May. It's going to be a long year. It's going to be a learning curve for me, a learning curve for some of my teammates, too. But come April, we're going to be ready.”
Low-grade sustained inflammation links obesity to insulin resistance and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, therapeutic approaches to improve systemic energy balance and chronic inflammation in obesity are limited. Pharmacological activation of nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) alleviates obesity and insulin resistance in mice; however, Nrf2 inducers are not clinically available owing to safety concerns. Thus, we examined whether dietary glucoraphanin, a stable precursor of the Nrf2 inducer sulforaphane, ameliorates systemic energy balance, chronic inflammation, insulin resistance, and NAFLD in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice. Glucoraphanin supplementation attenuated weight gain, decreased hepatic steatosis, and improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in HFD-fed wild-type mice but not in HFD-fed Nrf2 knockout mice. Compared with vehicle-treated controls, glucoraphanin-treated HFD-fed mice had lower plasma lipopolysaccharide levels and decreased relative abundance of the gram-negative bacteria family Desulfovibrionaceae in their gut microbiomes. In HFD-fed mice, glucoraphanin increased energy expenditure and the protein expression of uncoupling protein 1 (Ucp1) in inguinal and epididymal adipose depots. Additionally, in this group, glucoraphanin attenuated hepatic lipogenic gene expression, lipid peroxidation, classically activated M1-like macrophage accumulation, and inflammatory signaling pathways. By promoting fat browning, limiting metabolic endotoxemia-related chronic inflammation, and modulating redox stress, glucoraphanin may mitigate obesity, insulin resistance, and NAFLD.
© 2017 by the American Diabetes Association.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE on Monday mocked Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's team of economic advisers as billionaires who are beholden to special interests and “six guys named Steve.”
Speaking at a rally in St. Petersburg, Fla., just hours after the GOP presidential nominee delivered a speech laying out his economic agenda, Clinton accused Trump of reading warmed-over conservative talking points that she said had been repackaged by and for the wealthy elite.
ADVERTISEMENT
“He's got ... a dozen or so economic advisers he just named — hedge fund guys, billionaire guys, six guys named Steve, apparently,” Clinton said.“They wrote him a speech and he delivered in Detroit,” she continued. “They tried to make his tired old ideas sound new, but here's what we know: His tax plans will give super big tax breaks to large corporations and the really wealthy, just like him and the guys who wrote the speech. He wants to roll back regulations on Wall Street ... He wants to basically repackage trickle-down economics.”
Trump rolled out an all-male panel of economic advisers on Friday.
The team included several bank CEOs and hedge fund managers — as well as five men named Steve or Stephen: Steve Roth, CEO of Vornado Realty Trust; Steven Mnuchin, Trump's finance chairman; Stephen M. Calk, CEO of Federal Savings Bank; and Steve Feinberg, CEO of Cerberus Capital Management. And the team is led by national director of policy Stephen Miller.
“They are just playing the same old siren song,” Clinton said. “We're not interested in economic plans that just help the top 1 percent.”
“It's clear that Trump is scrambling to do damage control. That's why he listed those economic advisers, three Wall Street money managers, an oil baron, one of the chief economists from the banks at the heart of the financial crisis,” she added. “He's not only putting our national security at risk, he's also putting our economy at risk.”
Trump on Monday delivered a speech at the Detroit Economic Club in which he promised tax cuts and blamed Democrats for the nation's sluggish economic growth.
The GOP nominee said he'd allow businesses to immediately write off the costs of their investments, lower the corporate tax rate to 15 percent, repeal the estate tax, and allow U.S. companies to bring foreign earnings back to the U.S. at a tax rate of 10 percent.
He also used the speech to attack his Democratic rival for supporting the international trade deals that he said have destroyed the economy in Detroit and other Rust Belt cities by sending jobs overseas.
“Detroit is the living, breathing example of my opponent's failed economic agenda,” Trump said. “Every policy that has failed this city and so many others is a policy supported by Hillary Clinton.”
“Detroit is still waiting for Hillary Clinton's apology,” he added.
Clinton fired back at the rally in St. Petersburg, citing a study from a Moody's analyst who formerly advised Republican Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Az.). The analyst estimated that Trump's economic plan would cost the U.S. 3.5 million jobs while Clinton's would create over 10 million.
She also accused Trump of “stiffing” the contractors who helped him build his casino and hotel empire.
“It's really outrageous to me that someone who claims to be so successful has done it by stiffing hard-working Americans — painters and plumbers and glass installers and marble installers and architects and even people who made drapery fabrics for his resort, his casino in Las Vegas, hundreds of people so that he could avoid paying his fair bills,” she said. “That's not how we do business in America. If you do your job, you're supposed to be paid for the job that you do.”
After less than a month off the air, BitTorrent search engine IsoHunt is back with a fresh new look, hosted out of Australia of all places. Oh dear.
It's being reported today that the new IsoHunt is now back online at isohunt.to after Gary Fung pulled the plug on the original site early to avoid it being replicated in such a way. History, however, has a way of repeating itself.
Interestingly, ArsTechnica reports today that the new site is even being hosted out of Australia, despite having a top-level domain registered as a torrent site rather than a .com or .com.au.
According to server records, IsoHunt's new physical location has been registered to an address in Beaumaris, Victoria. Watch that end badly within weeks if indeed that's where the servers are actually hosted now.
The new anonymous founders told TorrentFreak that users don't want to let the online "icon" that is IsoHunt go.
"The main goal is to restore the website with torrents and provide users with the same familiar interface," they said in the interview.
[ArsTechnica]
is asking its users to swipe left on tiger selfies. Tinder is asking its users to swipe left on tiger selfies.
The dating app has requested members of its community to remove any photos posed with the big cats due to their exploitative nature. The moves come after The dating app has requested members of its community to remove any photos posed with the big cats due to their exploitative nature. The moves come after PETA penned a letter to Tinder arguing that the practice is not only cruel because they require tigers to be caged, tied down or drugged in order to take a photo, but also dangerous for humans who might risk snapping a selfie with the animal in hopes of impressing a potential match.
"It's time for the tiger selfies to go. More often than not, these photos take advantage of beautiful creatures that have been torn from their natural environment," Tinder "It's time for the tiger selfies to go. More often than not, these photos take advantage of beautiful creatures that have been torn from their natural environment," Tinder said in a July 28 blog post. "Wild animals deserve to live in the wild. PETA says now is the time to rid the platform of tiger photos in honor of International Tiger Day on Saturday July 29th, and we could not agree more."
PETA in its letter asked Tinder to straight-up ban tiger selfies, which Tinder hasn't done, but the company did pledge to donate $10,000 to PETA in its letter asked Tinder to straight-up ban tiger selfies, which Tinder hasn't done, but the company did pledge to donate $10,000 to Project Cat.
Tiger selfies have long been popular on dating apps — so much so that several blogs such as Tiger selfies have long been popular on dating apps — so much so that several blogs such as "Tigers of Tinder" and "Tinder Guys with Tigers" have sprung up. But the practice is also controversial — as well as cliche — as data shows that these photos often don't resonate with swipers.
Instead, Tinder suggests, users can show their appreciation for the environment by uploading photos with them planting a tree, volunteering at an animal shelter, or "enjoying a summer sesame falafel bowl at your favorite vegan eatery."
This is the fourth in a series of posts about how DreamHost builds its Cloud products. Written by Luke Odom straight from the data center operations.
So far in this series, we have looked at what processors to use in our machines and what drives we should use. The next thing we are going to look at is how to connect all the machines and switches together.
We want to make sure we both have enough bandwidth and that it is fully redundant. Ceph recovery is the cluster's most network-intensive activity. From experience, we knew that we would use 2-4 Gbps during Ceph recovery. To put that into perspective, the average American home has an Internet connectivity speed of 12.6 Mbps. During Ceph recovery, we are using about 4000 Mbps. This means that Category 5e ethernet cable, which is what most consumers are using for networking, isn't practical. We needed to use a cable capable of 10Gbps. Here, we have 3 options:
1. The first is to use a form of fiber optics. There are different wavelengths and connectors with fiber optics, but they all work the same way. They work by sending light over a long and exceedingly thin strand of glass. The advantage of fiber is that it has very low latency and takes very little power to operate. The switches are also widely available as they use transceivers plugged into SFP+ ports which are very common. The compatibility page of Cumulus, the software we run on our switches, highlights that every 10G switch but one is using 10G-SFP+ ports so we have many options available if we go with fiber. The big disadvantage to using fiber is its cost. You need dedicated SFP+ cards, as motherboards don't usually have that built in, and you also need both transceivers and fiber, both of which are very expensive. Fiber is also more delicate than copper-based wires, which introduces a layer of complexity in running it or working near it. Extreme care is required to avoid breakages.
2. Another similar option is Twinaxial cable, more commonly referred to as TwinAx. TwinAx uses an SPF+ port as well, but instead of a transceiver and a strand of fiber, you have a transceiver built into a copper cable. You still have the expense of the extra card, but a TwinAx cable is a third of the price of a strand of fiber and transceiver. It is also the same speed and can be used on the same gear. TwinAx is very similar to Coaxial cable, or “Coax.” Coax is used with cable internet and cable TV to transmit signals to consumers' homes. The difference is that TwinAx has two copper cables instead of one. TwinAx is what we used for the original DreamCompute cluster as it is a great low-cost alternative to fiber! The downside to TwinAx is latency. TwinAx uses pulses of electricity instead of light to send signals. As electrons travel slower than the speed of light, it takes them three times longer to travel down the same length of cable.
3. The third option we considered was 10G-baseT. For the last decade, almost every server we have purchased has had 1G-baseT ports integrated into the motherboard. Most consumer laptops and desktops that have a wired network port today are also 1G-baseT. 1G-baseT and 10GbaseT both use four pairs of very thin twisted copper wire and an rj-45 connector (which looks like a large phone jack), though the cabling standards for 10G are slightly different to handle the higher speeds. 10G-baseT was standardized 10 years ago, but until recently implementations have been very rare and expensive. That started changing last year with the Intel x540 chipset. This allowed inexpensive onboard 10G-baseT, and manufacturers quickly began adding it as an option. Cumulus also started supporting a 10G-baseT switch. Using on-board 10G-baseT and category 6 ethernet is a tenth of the cost of using fiber and significantly cheaper than TwinAx. The downside to 10G-baseT is latency. At the lengths of cable we use, it takes about 0.000001 seconds longer for a signal to get from the computer to the switch. This seems inconsequential, but some applications, such as Ceph, are very latency sensitive. Even slight latency can make a noticeable impact, and requires testing.
We decided to use 10G-baseT. Weighed against the minor latency difference demonstrated in our testing, the ease of install and substantially lower price made our choice clear. We also decided to get motherboards with four 10Gbase-T ports. For the initial deployment, we set up 20 Gbps capacity between each machine and the switch. We didn't want to use more than half the capacity at any given time. This would ensure that we wouldn't be saturating one port if another port went down. Based on our testing, we didn't expect to use more than 10 Gbps. As a failsafe, we got the extra two ports to make any necessary upgrades quick and simple if we needed it. Now that we are in production, we haven't had any spikes of greater than 10Gbps from any individual machine. Still, it is nice to have the ability to add extra capacity if we need it.
Stay tuned for our next post in the series, where we answer the question: To converge, or not to converge? Til next time!
There were plenty of fireworks, but no points for Bob Bradley in his first game with Swansea City.
The former US national team and MLS manager lost his English Premier League debut, falling 3-2 to Arsenal in a wild game at Emirates Stadium.
Two Theo Walcott goals put them in an early 2-0 hole, but Swansea clawed their way back into things, with Icelandic attacker Gylfi Sigurddson halving the deficit with a well-taken goal in the 38th minute.
Mesut Ozil restored Arsenal's two-goal advantage in the 57th, but things got very interesting shortly thereafter. First, substitute striker Borja pulled Swansea within one, making it 3-2 in the 66th. Swansea then went up a man three minutes later, when Arsenal's Granit Xhaka was shown a red card.
Both teams created several solid chances in the final minutes, with Swansea pushing for an equalizer and Arsenal carving out some opportunities on the break. Neither could find the back of the net, however, leaving Bradley to aim for his first Swansea result at home against Watford next Saturday.
Team also face opposition from locals, who believe disease is a conspiracy
Described heat and chlorine stench of the protective suits as 'overwhelming'
'Many Ebola patients look fit and healthy until shortly before their deaths'
They were there when the disaster struck and decided to stay to help locals
A British doctor working in Sierra Leone has described the horror he and his team have witnessed since the deadly Ebola outbreak struck.
Dr Oliver Johnson, along with a team of British medics, was working to strengthen the health system in the country's capital Freetown when the crisis took hold earlier.
When disaster struck, they decided to stay and 'do everything they could' to help - despite health workers being among those most at risk of contracting the virus.
Today, Dr Johnson, 28, described the crippling conditions the team work in - and the opposition they face from locals who believe the disease may be a government conspiracy.
Scroll down for video
Dr Oliver Johnson, from London, was already in Sierra Leone's capital, Freetown, before the Ebola crisis began. He and his team were working to build and strengthen the health system in the country's capital. Today he described the horror the disease has caused
He s aid : 'We're all aware that there is a risk and that we have to be extremely careful. However, we also know that if we wear the protective equipment properly and follow the protocols then we'll be OK.
'That doesn't leave room for error, however - such as an accidental scratch of the face or forgotten hand wash.
' As we get used to it, we all begin to relax - the risk then is making sure that you don't cut corners or get too confident.'
But he admitted the working conditions wearing the suits were far from anything the team had experienced before.
'I first wore the protective suits during a bit of an emergency, so didn't have much time to reflect on it.
'The heat of the suits is quickly overwhelming, as your goggles steam up and you feel the sweat dripping underneath. And the smell of chlorine is intense.'
Dr Johnson, 28, is working in Freetown as part of the King's Health Partners scheme. The initiative is a partnership between Guy's and St Thomas', King's College Hospital and South London and Maudsley Trusts as well as King's College London.
He added: 'What shocking is how healthy the patients look before they die and how quickly they decline.
'A number of the Ebola patients I've seen look quite fit and healthy and can be walking around until shortly before their deaths.'
Dr Johnson also described the difficulties of working in the country - which is recovering from years of brutal civil war - because many thought the illness was a government conspiracy.
Deep fear among patients and their families saw some trying to escape hospital, he said.
'Ebola is a new disease in Sierra Leone and when the first cases emerged, many people thought it might be a government conspiracy to undermine certain tribal groups, steal organs or get money from international donors.
'This links to widely held scepticism about Western medicine and traditional beliefs and practices.
'Relatives don't get to see what happens to patients when they are isolated, so some expressed fears that they were being taken away to be killed by doctors.
'They don't get to see the good facilities and great care that patients I see every day receive.
' That meant some patients resisted being isolated and would try to run away or be carried off by family members.
'This is a constant challenge even now, and presents real ethical dilemmas about whether we can or should restrain patients - and logistical ones about how it's even possible to safely restrain an infectious patient without putting yourself at risk.'
He admits he 'de finitely hesitated' when he was first confronted with a probable case of Ebola (it takes a few days to get lab confirmation).
Where a victim has breaks in the skin, blood seeps out, as the disease takes hold. The virus has a death rate of up to 90 per cent, and is highly-contagious, spreading through contact with an infected person's blood, secretions, organs and other bodily fluids
'Your instinct as a doctor is to rush in and help, but you know you can't touch a patient until you're fully protected, he explained.
THE SYMPTOMS OF EBOLA The first symptoms include a fever, headache and sore throat . Within days as the Ebola virus attacks the immune system, chronic abdominal pain, muscle aches, vomiting and diarrhoea take hold . The virus pierces blood vessels causing bleeding from the eyes, ears, mouth and other orifices . The whites of the eyes turn red and blood blisters form under the skin . Ebola is highly-infectious and has a death rate of up to 90 per cent
'Our families are often very concerned, and convincing them that we'll be okay can be hard.'
Before the outbreak swept the country Dr Johnson, from London, had worked with African colleagues to help prepare for the worst - advising how to identify cases, set up isolation units, how to protect staff and providing refresher training for local health workers.
When cases started to emerge, the team had to ask themselves whether or not they should stay in the country to help with the response - their initial mission was to help strengthen the health system, not to provide a humanitarian response to an epidemic.
The team is made up of two consultants, two junior doctors, two nurses, a pharmacist and a hospital manager are all staff and volunteers. They chose to stay and help local health workers.
Dr Johnson said: 'From the moment we heard about the first Ebola cases, all of our instincts on the team here and back in London were to do everything we could to help our colleagues overcome this new challenge.
'We have very close relationships with our colleagues at Connaught and the Ministry of Health and always try to respond to their requests for support.
'It was also clear that this new threat was something that they hadn't faced before and would require technical advice, extra manpower and trusted friends.
'We're not a humanitarian non-governmental organisation however, so of course we then had to go through the process of articulating this and agreeing it as a group - there was never opposition though and we've always had consensus.'
Latest figures from the World Health Organisation show the outbreak of the deadly virus in western Africa has infected more than 1,300 people
Latest figures from the World Health Organisation show the outbreak of the deadly virus in western Africa has infected more than 1,300 people and killed at least 729. Ebola has no vaccine and there is no cure.
The outbreak has centred on Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea. There has also been particular concern after densely populated Nigeria reported what is thought to be its first death from the disease.
The team have been based at Connaught Hospital in Freetown for the last 18 months. They were initially working to help strengthen the health system of the country through improving aspects such as training, health policy, research and hospital management, before the first cases of the deadly virus started to emerge in neighbouring Guinea and Liberia.
Dr Johnson said that it was hoped that the country had 'dodged a bullet' - but Sierra Leone confirmed its first ever case of Ebola on May 25.
'Even as the outbreak spread to Liberia there had been some hope that it might pass us by,' he said.
'We've now been hit hard though. Initially the disease was relatively well contained in the east but we've now seen cases in 1 districts. Hopefully these are isolated cases, but it's still a bit early to tell for sure.'
By Kaur
I write this with the hope that it will help others who are struggling with depression.
“Do you know how Punjabis cure depression?”
Holding up a shoe, “You beat it out of them!”
*Laughter*
I grew up in an environment where depression was chalked up to Western fabrication, a result of self-centered neurosis that Americans had artificially created as an excuse for prescribed “uppers” (ie: anti-depressants). The above “joke” was one I heard a few times in my family. I remember my mother once saying, “Depression and the ‘woe is me' attitude happens when you don't have real problems, like starvation or homeless. So, you end up manufacturing problems just to feel sorry for yourself. You don't see Punjabis with depression because they are focused on work and putting food on the table.”
Due to this family environment, in about 8th grade I thought that my despondent demeanor was my own fault. “You need to fix your bad attitude,” my mother said. “Are you happy?” My dad asked me quite regularly. I could never answer “yes” with complete honesty and conviction. I was told that with enough will power and discipline, I could will myself to be happy.
Once, at a bookstore my dad said, “If you're not happy, go look at the self help section.” But, I couldn't tell if he was being sarcastic or giving me genuine advice. I glanced over at the section and quickly dismissed the idea thinking, “That's for losers and crazy people.”
“Why should I look there?” I thought. “I have nothing to be unhappy about. My parents are loving and supportive. My siblings are fun. I am doing excellent in school and have great grades. I am a nice person.” But, like every person's life, there were negative aspects to mine too. For instance, I was never fully accepted by my classmates and at times, was bullied. The opposing pull of American and Punjabi values, the friction between Sikhi and WASP (White Anglo-Saxon Protestant) culture, and the conflict between what my parents expected and what society wanted and what I wanted all mixed up in my mind and left me in a suspended state of anxiety.
I would write journal entries trying to convince myself that the strict path my parents had me on was the right path for me. Being eager to please my parents and be a “good” Sikh, I followed their wishes for me and it resulted, in my opinion, a 50% “success”. The “success” included: being at the top of my high school class, being first clarinet in band, bound for one the best colleges in the nation, knowing a lot of kirtan and Sikh history, and having a strong and close relationship with my parents and siblings. The “failure” included: having no close friends, feelings of loneliness, thinking I was a loser, believing I was a social failure, and being constantly sad.
“Everything about me is wrong,” I thought. “My hair, my clothes, my body, my personality, and the way I interact with people are all lame. No wonder I have no friends.” I had a mindset of fatalism, “Nothing I do matters. In the big picture, what's the point?” I also felt like my time with my family was running out, “I have to make the most of the time I have with my family! I'm going to college soon and then I'll be married and it will never be the same again!”
I don't blame my parents for my dark mindset. They did the best they could and cared for me from a place of love. They were trying to steep me in Sikhi while trying to allow me to be American at the same time. “It was a tricky balancing act,” my dad recalled. “I don't know if we did it right.”
During middle school and high school, my parents and I chalked up these sad, gloomy feelings of mine to “teenage angst” or a “bad attitude phase” that I would eventually grow out of. But, I never did, and it wasn't a “just a phase.”
6 years after high school, I was clinically diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety.
Over those six years, my sadness and despair had escalated to the point where I could not get through the day without crying. I remember walking to my room and collapsing on the stairs in uncontrollable sobs, for no reason. It felt like I could never stop crying. A poem I read by a girl named Hayley sums up how I felt:
“The thick, black cloud overcomes her,
Smothering her till she suffocates.
She gasps, while inside her,
Everything is torn apart,
Her heart ripped to shreds,
And repeatedly stabbed,
With a rusty dagger.”
Nothing brought me joy anymore. I blamed myself for not finding joy in my hobbies and I started to “should” myself: “I should be happy! I should like practicing clarinet! I should smile more!” But this type of thinking made me feel guilty and exacerbated my depression.
My depression peaked during my wedding planning when I was caught in the middle of the diverse expectations of my family and my fiancé's family and, between what I wanted and what my fiancé wanted. I felt like I wasn't good enough. I felt like regardless of what I did, someone would be mad at me and my life would be ruined.
One day, my dad and I went for a walk and an airplane flew overhead. “Anytime I hear that, it triggers in me a feeling of hopelessness and despair,” I told him. It was at that point that my dad took me seriously. “Maybe you have a little bit of dysthymia (a mild, chronic form of depression). You should get that checked out,” he suggested. Growing up, I didn't realize that though my parents joked about depression, they actually believed that some people really do have depression and it should be seriously addressed. If I had known their true beliefs regarding mental health earlier and they hadn't stigmatized it, perhaps I would have sought help sooner.
Initially, I refused to seek psychological help. I felt like I would be “giving up,” and admitting defeat. I thought that I could beat it myself and asking for help was a weakness. I thought people would think I was “crazy.”
Reluctantly, with my parents love, support and encouragement, at 24 years old, I went to a psychologist and was officially diagnosed. Before that point, I did not know I was suffering from depression and anxiety. I felt utterly helpless.
My therapist used cognitive behavioral therapy, a technique that examines the relationships between thoughts, feelings, and behaviors. Through therapy I learned many things that helped me heal.
I learned that my past experiences of cultural conflict and social rejection shaped my world-view to be primarily negative and caused a downward spiral of self-hate thinking. I learned that I didn't have an attitude problem (like I initially thought) but a schema (organized pattern of thoughts/behaviors that organize categories of information and the relationships among them) that needed to be changed. I learned that my mood and thinking was also the result of neural pathways in my brain that had developed over years and the low levels of serotonin in my neural synapsis. I learned that the “self-help section” is not for crazy people, but for those who want to improve themselves. I learned that depression is a medical illness and runs in families. I learned that the taboo and stigma around mental illness is prevalent in America but even more of a problem in Indian and Punjabi families. I learned that the dismissive attitude of depression as a medical illness was a common problem in society.
It has been four years now since I have been talking to a therapist, taking anti-depression medication, and doing mental exercises and workbooks to improve my self-esteem. I am so happy I asked for and accepted help because I feel so much better now.
I have also been leaning on Sikhi to help me fight depression.
Seva: Community service and volunteering has helped me fight depression because it got me to interact with people and increased my social contact. It got me out of my own head and to focus on helping others so, I felt my actions were valued. When engaged in seva, I feel closer to the Sikh path and I feel like I am doing something good and needed.
Simran: Meditating was something that my therapist and dad suggested I incorporate into my day. It helps me stay in the present moment and I to try and let go of the past and regrets and not focus on anxieties of the future.
Gurbani vichar: As I started reading more gurbani, I felt like the Guru was writing to me and to my condition. I read some shabads that said I should raise myself esteem to understand that I can merge with divine and that through seva and simran, I can attain peace and value. Other shabads describe pain and longing that I feel when depressed; a condition that can be alleviated by following Guru Sahib's teachings and doing seva. Reading gurbani comforts me because it captures my experience and it provides me with answers.
The biggest help in my life has been my husband. He has been a kind, patient, and understanding teammate. He hugs me when I cry, tries to rationalize my irrational thoughts, and he doesn't get angry or frustrated with me. I feel so indebted to him for his unconditional love and support.
This is the first time I have written publicly about my depression and anxiety. I have been hesitant to talk about it and share it with my friends and family because I am afraid they will stop spending time with me. I don't want people to think, “She's crazy! Let's not be friends with her,” or “She's smiling and happy today, is she faking it? Is it her medication?” I also don't want them to think my skills or competency is compromised by my illness.
But, at the same time I realize that we cannot break the silence and stigma around mental health without bringing attention to it, talking about it, and personalizing it. So, this is my attempt to help others.
Slowly, as I open up to my parents, close friends, and family about what I am feeling, I have started to feel more free and liberated. It feels good to be myself and share my challenges and triumphs with those who care about me.
I am not 100% healed yet, but I am getting there and unlike in the past (where I felt hopeless) I truly hope and believe that I will be happier than I have ever been as this journey continues.
Reddit today announced it was rolling out a native video player, meaning Reddit users can upload their footage directly to the site as opposed to an outside service.
Redditors will be able to upload videos up to 15 minutes in length, and 1 GB or less in size. You can upload from both desktop and mobile apps. When you start playing a video, it will remain pinned to a corner of your screen while you scroll, and will keep playing.
Reddit will also be rolling out a GIF-making tool that can be used in conjunction with video.
My first thought would be that this is geared towards sponsors and advertisers. Reddit already has native video advertisements, but I don't see why it couldn't also co-opt user vids with mid-roll or pre-roll ads. I'm just cynical like that.
The videos might not be available to everyone. For starters, according to Variety, moderators will have the option to not allow videos in their subreddit. Also, I'll be curious to see how Reddit will avoid having NSFW video spam on some of its more family-friendly channels. It might create a lot more work for moderators — no wonder they're being allowed to opt out.
This is an extended beta rollout, meaning more communities will be allowed to try it. Reddit's announcement includes a helpful guide if you care to try it yourself.
Video Is Coming to Reddit! on Reddit
Read next: Google is testing a lite Search app for Android users on slow connections
There was a failsafe plan in place if Captain America: Civil War had not been able to explore the clash between Team Iron Man and Team Cap — and it would have involved Chris Evans' hero facing down a demented zombie-like horde.
Directors Joe and Anthony Russo tell EW that during Marvel Studios' development of the film, there was fear that one half of the Civil War conflict might not be in the movie. Robert Downey Jr.'s contract with the company had been fulfilled, and a new deal was being negotiated to keep him in the fold — but both sides were playing hardball.
“It was not a given that we were even going to do Civil War when we were talking about the next movie after Winter Soldier. So there was a period of time when we explored possibilities for Cap stories that did not include it,” Joe Russo says. “We spent a few weeks doing that, although Civil War came up fairly early in the process and once that happened it took over our brains and we ran hard at it.”
They made this alternate-history revelation during a conversation about the in-home release of Civil War, which is available as a digital download on Sept. 2 and as a Blu-ray collection on Sept. 13.
So, from the start, everyone's first choice was to do a version of the now-classic 2006-2007 Civil War comic book series penned by Mark Millar, which had hero facing off against hero in a battle over who controlled the superpowered. But without Downey and Iron Man, it would have lacked the emotional heft and tension that had been built up between Steve Rogers and Tony Stark over the course of the previous films.
Another story would be necessary in that case, and Marvel's braintrust turned to another classic Cap story from January 1976 that was written and illustrated by Jack Kirby…
“There was a period where we did discuss a third act that revolved around the Madbomb from Cap mythology,” Anthony Russo said. “It didn't have anything to do with Civil War, and if we couldn't get Downey — in the very, very early conversations before we nailed him — somebody pitched the idea of a third-act that revolved around the Madbomb, which makes people crazy. It almost like zombifies them — but not literally.”
In the comics, it was an A-bomb-like device that came in different sizes and used sonic waves instead of radiation blasts to cause its devastation. It didn't demolish buildings — it wrecked the minds of everyone in proximity, turning them into a mindless zombie mass, although its victims were still alive and just violently out of their minds rather than undead.
“The charm of the Madbomb is that you turn hordes of people into berserkers,” Anthony said. “That was the physical challenge that Cap and company would have had to face.”
In Kirby's story, the Madbombs were devised by a wealthy secret society known as the Elite, who planned to set off a massive one during the American bicentennial, reducing the country to anarchy so it could be rebuilt as an oligarchy. (Rich guys dismantling democracy by stoking unhinged rage in everyday Americans until they turn on each other? How far-fetched!)
The fascist footsoldiers of the Elite's Royalist Forces of America helped enact the plan and were prepared to enforce order on the devastated country after the dust and madness had dissipated.
Marvel
If the film version had happened, the Russos say villain Baron Zemo (ultimately played in Civil War by Daniel Bruhl) would have been the one setting off the Madbomb. Cap would have had to destroy it and reverse its effects to save the same frenzied mass of people that were attacking him.
“The notion of the Madbomb would have been Cap having to fight civilians and how he would he handle that,” Joe Russo says. “We were always trying to put him into these interesting moral conundrums because of his nature. That would have made a compelling third act because if civilians are the antagonists, how could he stop them without killing them?”
Although not on the scale of Civil War, this storyline would also have pitted hero against hero, since some of Cap's friends would have also fallen victim to the Madbomb's powers.
“Somebody you know has turned into a zombie and now you have to fight them,” Anthony says. “And there would have been the emotional component of that.”
Then… Downey and Marvel Studios reached a deal.
“So we threw the Madbomb concept off the table,” Joe says. (It did come back as part of the climax to Season One of ABC's Agent Carter.)
Downey's deal also includes his participation in a third and fourth Avengers film, Infinity War and its follow-up, which the brothers are currently prepping to shoot in Atlanta. Cameras start rolling in December and Infinity War is set for release May 4, 2018.
The still-untitled sequel will come out May 3, 2019, but both will shoot back-to-back.
“We're shooting them simultaneously because they share a lot of similar casts and the time constraints and trying to get that scale of cast together is extremely difficult,” Joe says. “It makes the most sense to shoot them simultaneously.”
The brothers emphasize, however, they are two different stories — not one tale split in two.
“Time will make clear the connection between the films and how they're different,” Joe says. “That's all we're going to say. People will discover it as the years unfold.”
For more Marvel news, follow @Breznican.
Thor: Ragnarok already has Jeff Goldblum, “a friend from work”, and the debut of The Revengers working for it, but it might just have something even better than all of those things combined. One theory is dead-set on proving that the final Infinity Stone – the Soul Stone – is in the third Thor movie, and we've probably all seen it already…
The theory (via Screen Rant) presents the idea that the orange-tinted Soul Stone has been in Odin's possession the whole time. Remember his weird eye-patch thingy? That apparently holds the Odinforce, Odin's mystical power to keep peace over the Nine Realms, and, with it, Thanos' final piece of the Infinity Gauntlet jigsaw.
Odin already kept one of the Infinity Stones, the Cosmic Cube, under lock and key in a vault (which we saw during Thor's post-credits scene) so having him secretly hold another isn't too much of a stretch. Besides, who better to wield such immeasurable power than the King of Asgard?
Except it's not that straightforward (it never is with the MCU!). Odin has been ousted as ruler of Asgard by Loki at the end of Thor: The Dark World and is currently MIA. What this means for the Soul Stone is unclear but, as the theory also touches upon, Heimdall's glowing orange eyes indicate that the power of the Stone can seemingly pass from person to person. Hela might have something to say about that...
The location of the final Stone has to be uncovered soon, Avengers: Infinity War is only around the corner after all, and Thor: Ragnarok – with its cosmic bent – seems like the best bet. I always had Heimdall pegged as the holder of the Soul Stone, and it seems that it could turn out that way through a technicality. But for Marvel to have waved it in front of our faces the whole time… Eye can't quite believe it!
Image: Marvel
Thursday's required reading on the subject of Rats: How They Won't Fck Themselves comes from Bloomberg News, courtesy of Josh Green and Sasha Issenberg, who were allowed inside the guts of the Trump campaign—"Only the best e.coli. Great e.coli!"—to see what's actually going on with it beyond rallies and baseball caps. What they found should scare the hell out of two groups that otherwise have little contact with each other—people who care about the health of our democracy, and Republicans.
As to the former, the big noisy takeaway is an admission from "a senior campaign official" that the primary goal of the actual Trump campaign is to suppress the votes of people who have demonstrated a deep immunity to the appeal of El Caudillo del Mar-a-Lago.
"We have three major voter suppression operations under way," says a senior official. They're aimed at three groups Clinton needs to win overwhelmingly: idealistic white liberals, young women, and African Americans. Trump's invocation at the debate of Clinton's WikiLeaks e-mails and support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership was designed to turn off Sanders supporters. The parade of women who say they were sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton and harassed or threatened by Hillary is meant to undermine her appeal to young women. And her 1996 suggestion that some African American males are "super predators" is the basis of a below-the-radar effort to discourage infrequent black voters from showing up at the polls—particularly in Florida.
OK, so this is nasty and distasteful and dangerous, and it's a wonder that John Lewis doesn't just show up for work some morning with an ax in his hand and murder in his eye. But it can't really be surprising. Suppressing minority voters—rather than, say, earning their support with something beyond "What have you got to lose?"—is now as conventional a piece of Republican electoral strategy as tax cuts and fetus-fondling are.
This is true at all levels, from the local polling place all the way up to the Supreme Court, and has been for quite some time. Hell, it was how William Rehnquist got his start in Republican politics and he went on to a sweet career, if I recall correctly. So having a senior official come clean on it is a nice detail to have, and it will make a lot of noise and, if American democracy continues its historic run of luck, the revelation will piss off enough people at whom the strategy is aimed to bury it under a landslide. I'm not betting heavy either way on that one.
But the story's real news is how the overall Trump operation is built to last, which is the thing that ought to shake Republicans all the way down to the tassels on their loafers. Unless the whole thing is some kind of Potemkin fundraising scam, and I do not dismiss that possibility entirely, any hope that the Republican establishment has of hand-waving Trumpism into ancient history is clearly doomed.
Powered by Project Alamo and data supplied by the RNC and Cambridge Analytica, his team is spending $70 million a month, much of it to cultivate a universe of millions of fervent Trump supporters, many of them reached through Facebook. By Election Day, the campaign expects to have captured 12 million to 14 million e-mail addresses and contact information (including credit card numbers) for 2.5 million small-dollar donors, who together will have ponied up almost $275 million. "I wouldn't have come aboard, even for Trump, if I hadn't known they were building this massive Facebook and data engine," says Bannon. "Facebook is what propelled Breitbart to a massive audience. We know its power." Since Trump paid to build this audience with his own campaign funds, he alone will own it after Nov. 8 and can deploy it to whatever purpose he chooses. He can sell access to other campaigns or use it as the basis for a 2020 presidential run. It could become the audience for a Trump TV network. As Bannon puts it: "Trump is an entrepreneur." Whatever Trump decides, this group will influence Republican politics going forward. These voters, whom Cambridge Analytica has categorized as "disenfranchised new Republicans," are younger, more populist and rural—and also angry, active, and fiercely loyal to Trump. Capturing their loyalty was the campaign's goal all along. It's why, even if Trump loses, his team thinks it's smarter than political professionals. "We knew how valuable this would be from the outset," says Parscale. "We own the future of the Republican Party."
This Parscale cat seems to be the star of the piece, setting up this massive machine out of a storefront in San Antonio. A longtime and devoted Trump employee, Parscale, who was born in where-the-fck-else? Kansas, has his eye squarely on the prize.
Parscale's department not only paid for itself but also was the largest source of campaign revenue. That endeared it to a candidate stingy with other parts of the budget. When Trump fired his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, Parscale's responsibilities grew, then further still when Lewandowski's replacement, Paul Manafort, flamed out. In June, Parscale, whose prior political experience was a Bexar County tax assessor's race (his client lost), became Trump's digital director and, in many ways, the linchpin of his unusual run.
Meanwhile, Bannon, who's already saving space on his den wall for Paul Ryan's head, has plans for the Republican Party that may not jibe with anyone who's actually trying to steer that listing hulk—Hi, Reince!—at the moment.
Most Republican Party officials ardently hope he'll go away quietly if he loses. But given all that his campaign—and Kushner's group especially—has been doing behind the scenes, it looks likelier that Trump and his lieutenants will stick around. They may emerge as a new media enterprise, an outsider political movement, or perhaps some combination of the two: an American UK Independence Party (UKIP) that will wage war on the Republican Party—or, rather, intensify the war that Trump and Bannon have already begun…As it happens, this cross-pollination of right-wing populist media and politics is already occurring overseas—and Trump's influence on it is unmistakable. In early October, the editor-in-chief of Breitbart London, Raheem Kassam, a former adviser to Nigel Farage, announced he would run for leader of UKIP. His slogan: "Make UKIP Great Again."
As with all things Trump, the whole thing may just be an elaborate plan to turn your money into his money. Or, also as with all things Trump, the man himself may just lose interest in the whole thing and go on to some other doomed-to-fail new venture. (One of the country's night terrors should be that this latter consideration also applies to the presidency, if he should win.) But, as the kidz say, read the whole thing. The stuff between the lines is real and it's ominous.
Click here to respond to this post on the official Esquire Politics Facebook page.
A major chocolate company announced Tuesday that it would spend close to $1 billion over the next several years to reduce its environmental impact and fight climate change.
Mars, Inc., which manufactures M&Ms, Skittles and other popular candies, told Business Insider that the company's goal is to reduce its carbon footprint by 60 percent by the year 2050.
"There are obviously commitments the world is leaning into but, frankly, we don't think we're getting there fast enough collectively. We're trying to go all in here," said Barry Parkin, Mars's chief sustainability officer.
ADVERTISEMENT
The move is meant to spur other companies to take action ahead of the United Nations General Assembly and Climate Week taking place in New York later this month.
Parkin said that Mars's decision ultimately came down to protecting the farmers who supply Mars with materials.
"We're a food business, which is based on agriculture, so we care a lot about the farmers who supply us around the world. It's towards 1 million farmers around the world who produce raw materials for us," Parkin said.
"Climate science says many of those are going to be challenged as the world gets warmer. We care about this both on a societal level but also on a business level."
Parkin also attacked the Trump administration by name for the June decision to exit the Paris climate accord, but pledged that Mars would meet the commitment regardless of decisions made by the White House.
"We're clearly disappointed that the U.S. administration has chosen to withdraw from the Paris Agreement," he added. "We're not interested in the politics here — this is about policy. We believe in the scientific view of climate science and the need for collective action."
An Indiana House committee has narrowly advanced a bill that would prohibit state agencies from enacting environmental rules and standards tougher than federal regulations.
The House Environment Affairs Committee voted 7-6 Wednesday to send the legislation to the full House for consideration.
The measure was authored by committee chairman Rep. David Wolkins, who's sponsored several similar bills over the years. The Winona Lake Republican said he's been pleased with Indiana's environmental regulations for more than a decade under Republican governors.
But Wolkins said he worries future state regulators could impose tough environmental rules, stifling economic development.
Hoosier Environmental Council staff attorney Kim Ferraro said Wolkins' fears are unfounded. She also said Indiana needs to sometimes adopt rules tougher than federal standards to protect its environment and the public's health.
(Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Sydney FC goalkeeper Danny Vukovic is set to head to overseas in a life-changing move for the 32-year old and his family.
Vukovic, who joined the Sky Blues at the start of last season, will join a top flight club and will pursue the move once he has returned from Confederations Cup duty with the Socceroos in Russia.
“I am very fortunate to have had the best season of my career since joining Sydney FC,” said Vukovic.
“It has been an amazing 12 months for me and my family, a year I will always remember, and I would like to thank the Members and everyone at the club for an unforgettable experience.
“The support we have been given by everyone has been phenomenal and it is something that we as a family will hold dear to our hearts for the rest of our lives.
“I'm very sad to leave but to have such an unbelievable opportunity so late in my career is something that I just couldn't turn down.
“It is something I could not have foreseen and I would like to thank Sydney FC, the board of directors and Graham Arnold for their kindness, understanding and support in allowing me to make this move.
“I am very proud at what we have achieved and with the fantastic squad Arnie has assembled, I believe the club will continue to be successful in the years ahead.”
Head Coach Graham Arnold praised Vukovic, who holds the record for the number of Hyundai A-League appearances (278), and wished him well in his future career.
“Danny was superb last season and it's no secret how highly I regard him as a player and as a person.
“No one at Sydney FC wants Danny to go and we are naturally devastated to lose him but this is a life-changing opportunity for him, his wife Kristy and his beautiful son Harley. It's the kind of challenge faced by Australian clubs and we cannot stand in his way.
“I'm very proud of Danny and would like to thank him for his professionalism since he joined Sydney FC and for the fabulous service he gave us.
“He will always have a special place in the hearts and minds of Sydney FC Members.”
Vukovic played 28 Hyundai A-League games and five FFA Cup games for Sydney FC.
He set a Hyundai A-League record for the number of clean sheets in a season going unbeaten in 16 of his 28 games.
Meanwhile youngsters George Timotheou and Bai Antoniou have both left the club to pursue other football career interests.
The club would like to place on record its thanks for their service over the last season and wish them well for the future.
The Sky Blues will return to training in early July, ahead of the club's huge clash with Arsenal FC on Thursday 13 July.
Sydney FC's Hyundai A-League Season 2017/18 Playing Squad:
1 – Andrew REDMAYNE
4 – Alex WILKINSON
5 – Jordy BUIJS
6 – Josh BRILLANTE
7 – Michael ZULLO
8 – Milos DIMITRIJEVIC
9 – BOBÔ
10 – Milos NINKOVIC
12 – Aaron CALVER
13 – Brandon O'NEILL
14 – Alex BROSQUE
17 – David CARNEY
18 – Matt SIMON
22 – Seb RYALL
23 – Rhyan GRANT
24 – Charles LOKOLINGOY
*Please note playing numbers are subject to change
2017/18 Sydney FC Memberships available NOW. Full Season Memberships available from $270 for Adults and $630 for families, or if you can't commit to all games non-ticketed Memberships from $75! Become a Sky Blue Member today – CLICK HERE
Note: "Septic arthritis" in this post and discussion refers to non-gonococcal septic arthritis.
What's the big deal with septic arthritis? It's not really an emergency is it?
Within days of onset, septic arthritis destroys cartilage and can leave the joint with permanent joint disability occurring in 25-50% of the cases.
The mortality rate for in-hospital septic arthritis ranges from 7% to 15%, despite antibiotic use.
Ok ok. So that's pretty bad. How do I make sure I don't miss a septic arthritis?
Unfortunately, there are no physical examination findings or maneuvers, such as range of motion or degree of swelling, that have been studied that can help the clinician discriminate between etiologies of the monoarthritis. Basically in any patient presenting with a single painful joint, there is no way to rule out a septic arthritis without an arthrocentesis and synovial culture. That said, even synovial culture is not a perfect test. Granted, we don't tap every painful joint, because we often have an alternative diagnosis that results in a very low pre-test probability for a septic joint, and other risk factors or lack-of risk factors lowers the probability of disease even more. However, just keep in mind that you can never exclude a septic joint in a painful joint completely by physical exam and history alone. It can only be truly excluded with an arthrocentesis.
Below are some risk factors/likelihood ratios to definitely raise your suspicion for septic arthritis (1). But remember, that just because they have zero risk factors, doesn't mean that they won't have a septic joint. It can happen to anyone.
Age >80 (+LR 3.5)
Diabetes (+LR 2.7)
Rheumatoid arthritis (+LR 3.5)
Joint surgery within past 3 mo (+LR 6.9)
Hip/knee prosthesis (+LR 3.1)
Skin infection (+LR 2.8)
Skin infection + prosthesis (+LR 15)
List of common myths and dogma regarding septic arthritis:
“The patient doesn't have a fever, so it's not a septic joint” Fever Sensitivity 46%. Specifificity 31% (1)
So you'd only miss 54% of septic joints relying on fever. "If the serum WBC isn't elevated, it's not a septic joint."
Sensitivity WBC >10,000 is 90% (1)
If you're ok with missing 10% of septic joints.
"If the CRP and ESR aren't elevated, it's not a septic joint"
Sensitivity ESR >30 is 95% (1) - miss 5% of septic joints relying on a very low cutoff for ESR
Sensitivity CRP >100 is 77% (1) - miss 23% of septic joints relying on CRP
"If the synovial WBC <50,000 it's not a septic joint” (My personal favorite)
Sensitivity WBC >50,000 is 62% (1)
So 38% of septic joints are missed relying on a synovial WBC >50,000
"If the neutrophile count is <90% it's not a septic joint"
Sensitivity PMN >90% is 73% (1)
Missing 27% of septic joints
"If the gram stain is negative, it's not a septic joint"
Sensitivity of gram stain 50-80% (2)
Missing 20-50% of septic joints.
You have to follow the culture for 48 hours.
Depending on their risk factors, your clinical suspicion, and synovial WBC, you may or may not start antibiotics until the cultures come back
"If there are crystals, it's not a septic joint"
5% of crystal monoarthritis have a concomitant septic arthritis (3)
Crystals have also been found in asymptomatic patients, so crystals definitely can't exclude an infection
"Synovial fluid culture is the gold standard rule out test for septic arthritis. If the culture is negative, it's not septic arthritis."
Clay Dyer (born May 23, 1978 in Hamilton, Alabama) is a professional sport bass fisherman. Dyer was born without any lower limbs, no arm on the left side and a partial arm on the right. His motto for life is "If I can, you can."
Professional career [ edit ]
Dyer's physical limitations have not dampened his determination and positive spirit. He started fishing at age 5 and began tournament fishing at age 15. He refuses to use special equipment, wanting to cast with one hand as others do with two. He casts by tucking the rod under his jaw and whipping it around with a quick left-to-right twist. He reels fish in while holding the end of the rod under his chin. He ties knots with his tongue and unhooks fish with his teeth.[1]
Dyer fishes on the Bassmaster Open Series. He has fished in more than 200 bass tournaments and placed first in approximately 20 state bass tournaments. He is sponsored by O.R.C.A. coolers, Strike King Lure Co., Ranger Boats and Mercury Marine.
Other activities [ edit ]
In addition to his competitive fishing, Dyer is also a motivational speaker for corporations, churches, and charitable organizations.
Biography [ edit ]
Dyer's biography, The View From Down Here is Just Fine, was written by Scot Laney. Dyer is also the subject of chapters in three other books: Living Life in the Zone, Performance Intelligence at Work, and Dance Until it Rains. Clay currently fishing the Bassmaster Southern Open series. He makes 60+ speaking appearances each year. Clay is married to the love of his life, Kim, who ironically had the same love for Bass fishing as Clay. The two married on November 9, 2013. They are known as a powerful ministry team.
See also [ edit ]
Toxic neuropathy refers to neuropathy caused by drug ingestion, drug or chemical abuse, or industrial chemical exposure from the workplace or the environment. Distal axonopathy, causing dying-back axonal degeneration, is the most common form.
Signs and symptoms
Patients with neuropathy typically present with symptoms of pain, tingling, or numbness in their feet, consistent with dysfunction affecting the longest and largest fibers of the peripheral nervous system (PNS). Other manifestations of neurologic dysfunction that may be present to include the following:
Hypohidrosis or hyperhidrosis
Diarrhea or constipation
Urinary incontinence or retention
Gastroparesis
Sicca syndrome
Blurry vision
Facial flushes
Orthostatic intolerance
Sexual dysfunction
Cramping
Tachycardia
Rapid alterations in blood pressure
During physical examination, the following symptoms of polyneuropathy may be found:
Sensory loss in a stocking-glove distribution
Distal to proximal progression: Consistent with the commencement of axonal degeneration
Early loss of symmetrical ankle jerk
Motor dysfunction (eg, abnormal gait and foot drop): In severe cases
Central nervous system (CNS) disease can manifest as follows:
Corticospinal tract disease: Hyperreflexia, Babinski responses, and stiff-leg ataxic gait
Dorsal column degeneration: Diffusely decreased proprioceptive and vibratory sensations and gait ataxia
The following examples list the neuropathic signs and symptoms associated with specific toxins:
Thallium: Acute intoxication leads to pain and paresthesias in the distal extremities followed by weakness and eventual atrophy; autonomic dysfunction also may be part of the clinical syndrome; peripheral reflexes are preserved
Dimethylaminopropionitrile (DMAP): Industrial exposure has led to prominent urinary and sexual dysfunction, as well as to distal sensory neuropathy
Alcohol: Ataxia and other systemic symptoms may accompany dysesthesia and weakness of the lower extremities
Carbon disulfide: Reduced or absent sensory nerve action potentials (SNAPs) are common; conduction velocities are usually normal, but they may be borderline low owing to selective involvement of large fibers
Ethylene oxide (EtO): Symptoms suggestive of neuropathy, such as numbness and weakness of extremities, leg cramps, and gait difficulties, are reported mostly after long-term EtO exposures
Mercury: Reportedly causes reduced strength and coordination, tremor, impaired sensation, and higher prevalence of Babinski and snout reflexes
Lead: Acute, high-level exposure can reportedly cause motor neuropathy with minimal sensory involvement and, in rare cases, wrist drop; chronic, lower-level exposures cause axonal dying back neuropathies that appear similar to neuropathies from diabetes or alcohol
See Clinical Presentation for more detail.
Diagnosis
Take a thorough medical history, including the patient's occupational and environmental history, to consider all sources of exposure to all possible agents. List details of all jobs and specific tasks within these jobs, as well as when various symptoms and medical problems began for the patient.
Quantitative sensory testing in the diagnosis of neuropathy includes the following:
Vibration threshold
Thermal threshold
Portable motor and sensory latency
Current perception threshold (CPT)
Other studies that help to prove the presence of neuropathy include the following:
Intraepidermal nerve fiber density (IENF)
Sympathetic skin reflex
Electromyography (EMG)
Nerve conduction
Laboratory studies in patients with neuropathy can include the following:
Glucose tolerance
Serum, urine, or blood
Vitamin B-12
Monoclonal gammopathy of unknown significance
Axonal neuropathy
Cryoglobins and hepatitis C evaluation
Immunofixation (for paraneoplastic neuropathy)
Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) protein level: Usually normal in toxic neuropathy
See Workup for more detail.
Management
In addition to advising the patient to avoid the causative drug or occupational or environmental toxin, management of toxic neuropathy can include the following:
Nonpharmacologic measures: Cool soaks, heat, massage, elevation or lowering of the limbs, and/or exercise
Tricyclic antidepressants
Anticonvulsants
Opiates
Topical capsaicin cream
Consistent follow-up care with a neurologist is necessary to monitor the progress of neurologic findings. Follow-up with an occupational medicine specialist may be important to assist with return to work and reduction of exposure.
See Treatment for more detail.
Did you ever wonder why it says QWERTY up on the left of your keyboard? And what does it have to do with academic publishing?
In 1867 Christopher Latham Sholes developed a simple typewriter. One of its many birth defects was that the typebars would constantly block each other. After the urging of his investor James Densmore, Sholes spent six years working on his typewriter. He finally arrived at the QWERTY sequence. With QWERTY the typebars did not block each other because the most used letters were positioned as far apart as possible on the keyboard. Soon after typewriters were manufactured industrially, QWERTY was used as the norm.
1932, August Dvorak developed the DSK-keyboard (Dvorak Simplified Keyboard) with a more intuitive keypad that enabled users to type up to 40 % faster. At this stage, however, QWERTY could no longer be stopped. When there were no more mechanical typebars that could block, QWERTY was already the norm and its design was directly transferred to the computer keyboard. The keyboard in front of you is a historical accident.
Path dependence
There is a concept in organisational theory that explains why we still type suboptimally: Path dependence.
Path dependence means that a logical decision in the past leads to a suboptimal system in the present. When Sholes worked on his typewriter, the QWERTY sequence was the best option that the typebars would no longer blockade. In times of digitisation, these considerations from a mechanical past are of course irrelevant. We would certainly be better off with Dvorak's simplified keyboard. Lock-in phase is the common term to express when a suboptimal system established itself. Derived products use the old standard, investments are made and humans educated. A QWERTY world is born. QWERTY worlds survive because many invested in it and changes would involve great effort. Just imagine what it would mean to change to a DSK keyboard today. Inefficient systems are scalable too.
QWERTY worlds are everywhere. They explain why we type suboptimally. They explain why streets in historical city centers are car-unfriendly (see my holiday picture) and why academic publishing is far from being the most efficient way to disseminate content.
The journal's road to success
At the beginning of the 17th century, the most common way of scholarly exchange was the letter or the book, being either very exclusive (letter) or time-consuming (book). That changed when around 1660 a group of renowned scientists (among them Isaac Newton) held conspirative meetings to revolutionize the scholarly exchange. These meetings later turned into, what we know today as, the ‘Royal Society of London'. In 1665 they founded the ‘Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society', the first academic journal. By the end of the 17th century there were already 30 periodic scientific journals. Hand in hand with the enlightenment and the establishment of scientific disciplines, the journal became the dominant way to convey scholarly content.
At the beginning of the 18th century and long after, academic journals were the most efficient way to spread knowledge, the introduction of a peer review the most efficient form of quality assurance and libraries the most public way to store articles. In the context of its era, the journal was the most efficient way to curate, spread and discuss discoveries. A whole industry developed around the journal value chain. Till today, publishing in a renowned journal is the accepted currency for scientific success.
For centuries, the course from writing an article till publishing it is about the same: A researcher submits an article to a journal. If the article is not desk-rejected, (anonymous) peers determine whether an article is worth publishing or not. If the researcher is lucky, he or she will receive an E-mail (innovation!) with the reviews. With a little luck, the E-mail contains a request to incorporate the reviews for a publication. Between submitting and publishing, an article can easily pass two years. Once the journal is published, libraries buy the licences and make them available to their students, teachers and researchers.
Path-dependent review
This century-old system of academic publishing works but is far from being the most efficient way to disseminate new insights today. Many of the historic strengths of the print-based publishing go into reverse.
The above described review procedure is a good example. The system of quality control by a few experts has proven its worth over decades. The higher a journal is ranked, the more exquisite is the list of its editors. Still, it is at least worthy of discussion, that two colleagues decide about the relevance of an article for a whole community. An article can easily spend two years in a review limbo. It is downright grotesque that in 2014 it takes so long till research results can be discussed by a specialist audience.
Platforms like PLOS ONE show that it can be different. At PLOS ONE, articles are put online after a basic review. The audience can be sure that the articles meet at least the criteria of good scientific practice. Readers can discuss articles online and evaluate their contribution to the field. Every article is of course Open Access. There is no periodical regime, a quick review, low publication fees and the opportunity to let the expert community itself decide about the relevance of contributions. PLOS ONE removed the dust from the print age. Why do others not follow that example?
Path-dependent format
Comparing academic publishing with the changes in the newspaper industry, Davis (2014) analyses in his editorial essay, in the latest Administrative Science Quarterly, that
“new technologies of communication should enable new ways of sharing and advancing knowledge. Newspapers have been radically transformed by the Internet revolution, adapting their format to continuous updating, color, video, and opportunities for feedback and debate by readers. Yet academic journals still bear the imprints of their origins, and most look little different today than they did 50 years ago.”
It is however ironic that an essay that could inspire an interesting debate appeared on a platform that has no commentary function. It illustrates perhaps, that academic publishing forces itself into a corset that could become too tight in just few years' time. Articles today rarely allow interactivity, PDFs are used instead of more usable formats and underlying data is seldom retrievable. The conventional format chosen to present content academia is one for reading, not one for working with.
Path-dependent access
To publish an article under an Open Access licence can easily cost 2.500 Euros or more in a renowned journal. Otherwise only licenced users can read the article. The University of California, Berkeley published a list that gives an indication about the costs of the article ransom. Libraries pay millions for licences. Even the Harvard University said that it can hardly cover the enormous expenses and advises its researchers to stop hiding articles behind a paywall. Nevertheless is a publication in a renowned journal a distinction for many researchers. It can push ones career and an ace up the sleeve when applying for research funding. It is a recognised currency for scientific success. It is illogical to choose another way to publish but the long, stony one.
Just as in the story of the QWERTY keyboard, a system of academic publishing prevailed that works, but is suboptimal. The established system of academic publishing, from submission, review, and publication is in the eye of the socio-technological opportunities outdated. It takes too much time, it is too expensive and leads to an artificial scarcity of content. It no longer reflects the zeitgeist.
A glance across the border: The print crisis
Looking at other industries, one can discover that organisational change always follows the same pattern. Innovations change context factors and these lead to new organisational logics. New types of organisations appear, established change. For established organisations, change is difficult but necessary.
A good exemplary case is again the newspaper market. Only publishers that adapt to new customer needs, new reception behaviors and financing models in times of medial transformations (key word: narrowcasting), are successful. In addition, novel SEO optimised and often user-generated news services appear and question the established value creation logic and business models (e.g. Huffington Post). Many publishing houses do not survive the print crisis. Adapting to new context factors is difficult. Organisational change is tedious and costly. Karim and Mitchell (2000) for example show that many firms buy fresh startups to provoke organisational change. Axel Springer for instance is following that strategy. One does not have to be a great analyst to realise that only economically successful publishing houses can pursue such a strategy.
Change in academic publishing?
When it comes to academic publishing a similar change can be perceived. This becomes evident from innovative new publication platforms as PLOS ONE and (partly) SSRN, that choose new dissemination and assessment logics. This also becomes apparent from legal disputes as for example between Academia.edu and Elsevier, investments as for example Microsoft's stake in Researchgate or acquisitions as the one of Mendeley by Elsevier. The most visible sign of a transformation in academic publishing is however the prevailing debate about Open Access. In the context of path dependence and open access the discussion about the impact of open access publishing (here and here) and alternative metrics for assessing quality is particularly interesting. The measure for scholarly performance and thereby the whole publishing ecosystem is at least under debate.
Possible developments
The essential question is, how academic publishing can free itself from its path dependence and to what degree novel forms of curating and publishing content prevail.
In his insightful analysis of the role of journals for the scientific creation of value, Davis (2014) identifies the peer review as the core technology of scientific journals. Thereby the unique selling proposition of established publishers is the curation of content and the identification of excellence. The question that appears is thereby if alternative review mechanisms lead to a better and more efficient assessment scientific output. For example: To what degree can a community-based review, as for example at PLOS ONE, replace the traditional peer review?
Apart from the review process, the presentation and the accessibility of content originate from a book age. If flat and decentral organizational structures for distributing and assessing scientific content lead to a better long-term value than traditional mechanisms, it remains exciting how established players adapt to that change and how what kind of new systems of publishing appear and prevail.
In case that we are still publishing suboptimally in ten years, path dependence at least offers us a good explanation. At least one sign allows us to be optimistic: The Royal Society, that caused the whole mess more than 300 years ago, designed 2012 a blueprint for Science as an Open Enterprise, an insightful model for science in a digital age. They possibly used a QWERTY keyboard for it. Some things never change.
Many thanks to Hendrik Send, Cornelius Puschmann, Sascha Friesike, Stefan Stumpp and Fiona Weber for their comments on this blog entry.
Pictures
Western coalition air strikes hit civilian and military areas in the Libyan towns of Garyan and Mizdah, both within 200 kilometers from the capital of Tripoli.
Western coalition forces bombarding Libya. Reuters
U.S. Admiral Bill Gortney said that the coalition forces had attacked the command headquarters of one of Gadhafi's most loyal units, which has been one of the most active attacking civilians.
Gortney, the director of the U.S. military's Joint Staff, told reporters the coalition had fired six Tomahawk cruise missiles in the past 24 hours and had carried out 178 air sorties, most of them strike-related aimed at Gadhafi's military.
He said the U.S. had no confirmed report of any civilian casualty caused by coalition forces since it began enforcing a UN resolution authorizing military action to protect Libyan civilians from attacks by Gadhafi's forces.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The strikes came hours after a NATO spokesman said that the alliance should have complete command of military operations in Libya "in a couple of days", but saw no military solution to the crisis and hoped for a political settlement.
NATO agreed on Sunday to take over all operations in Libya, putting the 28-nation alliance in charge of air strikes that have targeted Gadhafi's military infrastructure, as well as a no-fly zone and an arms embargo.
NATO officials said planning foresaw a 90-day operation, but they said the timetable would depend on the United Nations.
"It's planned for 90 days, but it doesn't mean it's limited to 90 days," one official said. "It's up to the United Nations to tell us how long they want us to do it for."
A conference of 35 nations meeting in London on Tuesday was expected to set out the "broad political lines" for a peaceful solution in Libya. One possible precedent would be the multinational force established for Bosnia in the 1990s.
All NATO's 28 member states are expected to participate in the Libya operation, directly or indirectly, NATO chief spokeswoman Oana Lungescu said.
Meanwhile, fighting between rebels and forces loyal to leader Muammer Gadhafi continued in Libya's third largest city, Misrata, on Monday despite a government declaration of cease-fire against what it called "terrorist groups" in the area.
A government spokesman said that Gadhafi forces had seized part of Misrata, while part of the city while the rest was under rebel control.
Soul In Motion 2nd Anniversary: Exclusive Need For Mirrors Mix
Soul In Motion 2nd Anniversary: Exclusive Need For Mirrors Mix
One year deeper, one new venue, still the same community ethos: a free midweek gathering of souls that taps into the spirit of Movement, Blue Note and Swerve. No pretention. No assumption. Just love for the music.
Last year we celebrated their anniversary with an exclusive mix from Soul In Motion co-founder Bailey. This year we're celebrating with a mix from Soul In Motion's other co-founder Need For Mirrors.
The real celebration takes place next Wednesday March 2 at Miranda, Shoreditch, a venue they switched to last July when their original HQ decided not to host any more club nights.
“It's a whole new vibe, different soundsystem, different space, everything,” lists Joe Moses, AKA Need For Mirrors. “It's more in-tune with the original Blue Note Hoxton vibe. We're the only drum & bass night there but it's also used for hip-hop, grime, jazz, all sorts. There's this exciting cross mix of people – locals and music lovers. No one feels out of place or intimidated. It's a black box, the lights are all turned off and the focus is on the projected visuals which cover the DJ box. People can listen to the music for what it is, the DJs can play the music they truly love.”
Name a respected D&B DJ from the last 25 years and there's a strong chance they've played Soul In Motion. Famously not announcing any DJs until the final days before their fortnightly Wednesday sessions, for their second birthday they're not announcing any full stop.
“No one will know the line-up until they see the artists behind the decks,” says Joe. “We normally tease people with acts in the run up but not this time. It's the type of line-up where no DJ can be announced. It's that heavy. Not even the DJs know who else is playing! Only me and Bailey know.”
“It works out better this way, though,” says Bailey. “Not knowing who else is playing means you're only packing your very best and most favourite tunes. You're not making any assumptions on the type of sound or style. You really have to pull out your very very best.”
Over the last two years every DJ who's played Soul In Motion has pulled out their best. This is what the likes of Goldie MBE, Bryan Gee, El Hornet and Bcee have to say…
Goldie MBE
We lost a lot of ‘cycle' clubs in London… Clubs that held the groove over a period of time. That's what makes culture and change; it's what brought all of us together and created waypoints in the direction of music as we know it. Soul In Motion pays homage to that very aspect. It made me smile when these guys put this together and it's working. I felt vibes in there for the first time in a long time. It made me smile thinking some new kid is in a corner with his head down vining for the first time or on the regs but still finding themselves in the music and taking that away with them. You can't beat this culture…. Ever. It's the true fabric of all of us.
Bryan Gee
It's what we've all been missing and waiting for. Cool midweek catch up, hang out while checking out new beats and meeting that person you've been talking to online for the first time.
El Hornet
Soul In Motion is what was missing in the London drum & bass scene. It is a fantastic night where the primary focus is on the music with very little fanfare or hype. This is the kind of club night I truly love. A great room, great people and real DJs.
Bcee
Soul In Motion is without doubt the best midweek party in London, if not the country. The highlight of my 2015 was my set at Soul In Motion. Where else do you get Dynamite MC and Fabio both just turning up and getting involved purely for the love of it?
References don't come any higher. Here are Need For Mirrors and Bailey's favourite Soul In Motion memories over the last two years. Then scroll down for the exclusive mix…
Goldie (7.10.15)
Bailey: “Goldie wears his heart on his sleeve; whether he's angry, happy or upset. This set was the day after he'd visited Diane Charlemagne at a hospice. He was quiet and clearly feeling down. He used his set to really vent his emotions and it was no holds barred. If anyone else would've tried to play what he played, it would never have worked. You could feel the raw emotion. He played across the board, mad tracks like this tune with just one big long string and no beats and records I'd never heard before. I'd never heard anything like it. A full-on set of emotion which went on for three hours.”
Soul In Motion First Birthday (4.3.15)
Need For Mirrors: “The first birthday; Shy FX was our special guest alongside Krust and Optical. It was a huge achievement for us. We've always worked from one event to the next and never knew if it was going to stop. It was always unstable at Basement so to reach our first birthday was incredible. Shy rocked down to the club and that was a major coup in itself… Then Just Blaze comes along and sits next to him in the DJ box! He's busting it out and really loving it. It's Fucking Just Blaze! That night was Historical.”
Basement Closing Party (17.6.15)
Need For Mirrors: “Goldie, Fabio and Frost all behind the decks. Goldie was playing a long set. People were rewinding the tunes and pushing each other. It was just incredible to see these pinnacles of the scene altogether in the booth in total harmony on a wednesday at Sim, it was a celebration. I just remember watching it and going ‘hang on, this is so special!' It was super special. The perfect way to say goodbye to the venue. The whole community there with the amazing staff, it was a real family vibe. We were sad to go and didn't know about what was ahead of us. We had a new venue lined up but didn't know how that was going to go. Goldie went in deep and was playing some great hip-hop at the end of his set, he went on for ages, digging deeper and deeper. Just a real moment.”
Miranda Opening Party: (8.7.15)
Need For Mirrors: “Miranda took us in a new and really positive direction. It was amazing on the first night to see people visit the new venue and acknowledge the new soundsystem and explore the space. A new flow and feeling, a new location, new staff; all adding a new lease of life. The last venue couldn't accommodate visuals so to be able to project over the DJ box gave us a new visual identity. This was a polar opposite to the last venue in terms of space; we had no idea whether people would be into it and how they would engage with it so it was a nerve racking night. Doc Scott, Klute, Mark System and Source Direct helped calm those nerves! It was a great start to a new setting, a new page of the book. We've been there nine months now and want to stay for the foreseeable. It just works.”
Break – Simpler Times album launch (16.9.15)
Bailey: “Break is one of my favourite producers full stop. He's so consistent with it; a lot of producers will have incredible moments but not all the time, Break just does it every single time. He really puts the soul into the music, whether it's deeper stuff or the harder music he makes. The album is a very strong album so to have the launch at Soul In Motion was a very special moment. Mako, DLR and Ulterior Motive were also playing so it was just a very special night.”
<MIX>
Need For Mirrors and Bailey would like to thank…
“Seb & Dom and all the team at edition basement for supporting us and helping to create such and amazing night from the start and Stryker & Michelle at Miranda / ace hotel for taking us on and making us welcome at our new home and supporting our vision for what is Soul In Motion now. We also want to shout out to all the djs, artists producers who have played at sim and all the dedicated ravers, clubbers, junglists and fans of the music who travel from all over the world to be part of our little night. Big Love Bailey & Nfm.”
In the never-ending war between PC and console gamers, one of the PC side's favorite points is the fact that console hardware stays frustratingly static for years at a time, while PC users can upgrade everything from the RAM to the graphics card as technology improves. Thus, by the end of a given console generation (and sometimes earlier), a price-competitive PC will almost always be able to outclass the performance of its aging console competition.
This is true, as far as it goes. But as any console owners can tell you, unchanging hardware does not mean unchanging graphical performance over the life of a console. On the contrary, as time goes on, developers are often able to extract more from a console's limited architecture than anyone ever thought possible when the system launched.
In the early days, new processors and memory chips in the actual game cartridges contributed to this evolution. More recently, it's become a function of developers having the time and experience to know how to get every last ounce of power from an architecture that is intimately familiar.
As we take a nostalgic look back at how this intra-generational advancement has played out in the past, keep in mind that the same process will more than likely play out in the current console generation as well. In a few years, we'll look back on even the impressive launch titles on the Xbox One and PS4 and wonder how we ever tolerated such low-quality images.
One of the striking features of the brouhaha surrounding the RFRA protests of last week is the violence of the rhetoric used by those who accuse many of their (comparatively mild-mannered) opponents of being motivated by hate. When the advocates of peace and tolerance call for the burning down of a Christian-owned pizza parlor, Rod Dreher asks the obvious question: Who are the ones who are really full of hate?
Even as the Indiana incident fades from the headlines, Dreher's question is likely to become more, not less, apposite because it touches on the consequences of a development which at first glance seems counterintuitive: The transformation of the libertarian impulse of the sexual revolution of the sixties into the totalitarian ambition of today's sexual politics. How did this happen?
Last week I commented on the detachment of love from any prior notion of virtue and its reduction to emotional and sexual self-fulfillment. A moment's reflection, of course, reveals that a change in the definition of love requires a change in the definition of its antonym, hate. Thus, if love is rooted in self-realization, then hate is anything which prevents this. Hence critics of the revolution are by definition those who hate, however moderately they express their dissents.
To this we should add a point I have noted before: Oppression is now a highly psychologized category. Put bluntly, it is not about hurting bodies or bank balances. It is about hurting feelings. Once the preserve of the post-Marcuse New Left, this view has gradually gained general social acceptance. And thanks to the influence of Freud refracted through Marcuse, political oppression has come to be closely associated with sexual repression.
The final piece of the puzzle is provided by the way sexuality has been made fundamental to identity. Again, this is an obvious legacy of Marcuse and company and one with great practical significance for the public square. For in contemporary Western society, once something is a matter of identity, it often has the privilege of functioning as a legal category. Thus, the civic debate about sexuality has shifted from the ballot box to the civil courts, and the rhetoric of individual liberty has been exchanged for that of civil rights.
As a self-proclaimed persecuted minority, the sexual revolutionaries enjoy the greatest unchecked privilege of our time, that of identity victimhood, with a monopoly on the positive language of love and freedom. That gives them the uncritical sympathy of the news media. At the click of a mouse and at no personal risk or cost they are then able to raise a #PitchforkWieldingMob to intimidate any opposition into silence. And, as always, there are those whose conveniently confected outrage makes them happy to administer the coup de grace: The pinkie-to-the-wind politicians and those principled champions of the people, the corporate CEOs who are happy to do business with the humanitarian House of Saud while courageously calling out the mutaween of Indiana.
In short, these lobby groups have shifted the categories of discourse and changed the rules of practical public engagement on the issue of sexual ethics in a way that preempts any and all deviation from the party line. For such totalitarian ideologues, there can be no common ground upon which to build a compromise with critics. Thus, it does not matter how moderately we word our arguments against the sexual revolution. To disagree is to indulge in hate speech, to oppress the weak, and to recapitulate the sins of Southern segregationists.
L. P. Hartley famously commented that “the past is a foreign country. They do things differently there.” Not any more. For anyone who today rejects the claims of the new sexual orthodoxy, it is not the past which is a foreign country but the present. It is here and now where they do things differently. Very differently indeed.
Carl R. Trueman is Paul Woolley Professor of Church History at Westminster Theological Seminary. His previous posts can be found here.
Planned Parenthood has been caught selling baby parts and the headlines and talk show hosts are screaming with outrage. But not about that. About a guy who shot a lion in Zimbabwe.
It turns out that the guy who shot the lion is a dentist. His office is just down the road from my home in the otherwise uneventful suburb of Bloomington, Minnesota. He is now a marked man, a wanted criminal. His business is in shambles, his patients all scattered to other dental clinics across the Twin Cities.
Okay, it's true that we all like to see dentists suffer, and that is perhaps the latent motive behind the worldwide blitz against this tooth-puller who paid $50,000 to some African guides for the privilege of bow-hunting the king of beasts. Open wider, please. This is going to hurt.
But then there's that whole thing about hunting. Lots of people don't like hunting for various reasons. I admit I don't like hunting. But it's not a matter of principle, it's a matter of pleasure. Or lack of it. I tend to agree with Dr. Samuel Johnson who said that God gave us so few pleasures, it's strange that hunting should be one of them. However, I understand that going back across the centuries, there is a tradition well-honored that involves the thrill of the chase, the bagging of the prize, the meat, the mount, the glassy-eyed memory of man versus beast. One of our most popular presidents, Theodore Roosevelt, posed proudly with the big game he shot in Africa. It contributed to his fearless and rugged image, a man with a zest for adventure. Nobody complained.
Though hunting is still very popular, fueling a huge industry devoted to the pastime, hunters themselves are a strangely marginalized lot, dismissed as unsophisticated rednecks and regarded not nearly as well as the animals they track down. They can be tolerated if they are going after crocodiles or monster carp or wild hogs, and other lower life-forms like themselves, in which case they are part of a freak show, but when they don't costly gear and hire outfitters, they have entered the realm of Lex Luthor. They are bad guys of comic book proportions, making war on our precious planet.
But even if we grant that paying a lot of money to shoot an exotic animal that had been lured out of its protected area was wrong, that it violated a well-defined law or a well-defined ethical boundary, even if we grant that it may not have been done in good faith but with a certain selfish coldness, there is still the larger question: why is the outrage over the act so out of proportion with that over the abortion industry selling baby parts? But here is an even better question: what is the connection between the lack of uproar over abortion and the over-the-top uproar over lion-killing?
There is a connection. A few good quotations from G.K. Chesterton will explain it.
First, Chesterton says that if there is one thing worse than the modern weakening of major morals, it is the modern strengthening of minor morals. This explains why abortion is legal, but smoking a cigar in a public park is illegal. This explains why the modern world is more upset about the killing of one lion than the slaughter of millions of babies. It explains why their veins pop from their necks that a game hunter would stalk a wild animal in order to stuff it as a trophy, but they ignore the systematic dismemberment of live babies extracted from their mother's wombs so as to save the best parts for resale. It is something of an understatement to say that their major morals are weak and their minor morals are strong, but that is still the essence of it.
But when did hunting turn into a sin?
It happened when we stopped worshipping God and started worshipping Mother Nature. And at the same time that hunting was becoming unpopular and then unacceptable, abortion went from being a crime to being a right. Chesterton says, “Wherever you have animal worship, you will have human sacrifice.” That is why there are more pet stores than baby stores in our strip malls and why there is now a price on a lion-hunter's head while Planned Parenthood rakes in millions of dollars. We have sacrificed our babies to the Earth Goddess.
This worship of nature is a great fallacy, but as Chesterton says, “Fallacies do not cease to be fallacies even if they become fashionable.” The problem comes from calling Nature our Mother. Chesterton says, “Nature is not our mother, nature is our sister, because we both have the same father.” We love our sister, we respect our sister, we laugh at our sister, we watch out for our sister, “but she has no authority over us.”
The fallacy of nature worship is revealed in its own inconsistencies as a philosophy. What, after all, could be more unnatural than abortion? Or, as Chesterton says, “If Nature herself is so kind a mother, why should anybody be so pessimistic as to shrink from motherhood?”
Keeping everything in its proper proportion is one of the great tasks of the Catholic Church, especially as the world continues to spin out of balance. Pope Francis, in his recent encyclical, shows that balance very well. He urges us to take care of both our physical environment and our spiritual environment, as both have suffered the degradation that comes from sin. The solution, as always, begins with repentance.
Miriam Rosenbaum is not your typical yeshiva girl, though she is deeply devout and modest to a fault.
COURTESY OF PRINCETON UNI... Miriam Rosenbaum Share
Pinterest
Email
The Princeton University senior is the first Orthodox woman to win a Rhodes Scholarship ? and she wants to use the honor to champion the education of Jewish girls.
?I hope that Orthodox girls realize they can be frum and get any education that they want,? said Rosenbaum, 22, who grew up in the Bronx and attended Bruriah High School for Girls, in Elizabeth, N.J. ?You don?t have to choose one over the other. ?I want to make a kiddush haShem [a blessing for God] and encourage other girls to pursue higher education.?
Mentors say Rosenbaum cuts an impressive figure and has the potential to influence the lives of many other Orthodox girls. ?She presents a very important role model,? said Sara Wolkenfeld, director of education at Princeton University?s Center for Jewish Life/HILLEL. ?Education is an important frontier for Orthodox Jewish women, and it?s really important that there?s no glass ceiling in terms of what they can accomplish. Miriam represents that.?
Rosenbaum, who is studying the intersection of ethics, genetic research and public policy, says she was inspired to excel by stories of her grandfather, Mordechai Rosenbaum.
Her grandfather was a student at Poland?s famed Mir Yeshiva when Hitler?s troops began their advance. He escaped with the help of Chiune Sugihara, a Japanese diplomat who issued the students travel visas. An essay about her grandfather was part of Rosenbaum?s Rhodes application.
?My parents said he would be very proud,? she said. ?I?ve heard so many stories about him that I feel like he is still alive.?
Rosenbaum expects to graduate from Princeton in May 2012. As a Rhodes Scholar, she will spend the next two years at Oxford University, after which she plans to return to Princeton to complete a master?s degree focusing on the economic side of public health policy. Among the 31 other Rhodes winners from the U.S. this year is Ronan Farrow, son of Woody Allen and Mia Farrow.
Rosenbaum is also now earning certificates, or minoring, in African-American studies, Near Eastern studies and Judaic studies. She plans to spend her winter break in Iceland, studying genetic privacy laws.
?I want to be an advocate in the health care world for marginalized populations, like the elderly and disabled,? she said. Her interest is rooted in the religious values with which she has been raised.
?My desire to focus on the elderly and the disabled directly stems from my Jewish ethics, kibbud av v?em [the commandment to honor your father and mother] and taking care of people who can?t take care of themselves,? she said.
Last summer, Rosenbaum worked in the National Institutes of Health?s bioethics department on issues related to pluripotent stem cells, which are derived from skin and blood cells rather than from embryos.
For three summers before that, she worked with special needs campers at Camp HASC (Hebrew Academy for Special Children), a sleepaway camp in Parksville, N.Y. She impressed the camp?s then program director, Avi Sacks, during her first summer there, when she worked as a waitress, and was quickly hired to be a counselor.
?She inspired a great deal of trust. She displayed maturity that was beyond her years,? Sacks said.
Like others who know Rosenbaum, Sacks added that it came as no surprise that she landed the Rhodes Scholarship. ?Hopefully more Jewish girls will aim to achieve what Miriam has done,? he said. ?And I think she has made it a more attainable goal.?
Her experience at HASC led Rosenbaum to realize that she would rather work on health care policy than become a doctor, so that she could have an impact on more than one patient at a time.
She is the very model of modesty. Painfully uncomfortable talking about herself, Rosenbaum could hardly bear to speak with a reporter.
The third of four children, she declined to share any details about her family and, citing security concerns, even asked that the name of the family?s Bronx neighborhood not be identified. An official source at Princeton said she lives in Riverdale.
She was willing to say a bit about her Jewish education. She said she was inspired by Bruriah?s then principal, Chaya Newman, who was ?an eishes chayil [woman of valor], brilliant and strong and independent,? Rosenbaum said. She then spent a year at Michlalah seminary in Jerusalem before beginning college.
It has not been difficult to lead a strictly Orthodox life at Princeton, even though the Ivy League university once kept a strict quota system to restrict the number of Jews admitted.
The university gave Rosenbaum a manual room key on a necklace for use on the Sabbath, as carrying and using an electronic key card are forbidden for the observant. She dines at the kosher Center for Jewish Life, where she also studies Jewish texts, and has easily been able to rearrange tests when they have been scheduled for the Sabbath. There are even separate hours so that observant women can swim in a campus pool, she said.
Rosenbaum is also involved in interfaith dialogue as a co-convener of the Religious Life Council, which brings together students of all faiths for dialogue and discussion in weekly meetings and an annual retreat.
She hopes to have a traditional Jewish home and family life. Asked if she feels daunted by the challenge of accomplishing all her goals, she credited other women with showing her the way.
?I have so many role models of women who are able to balance both,? she said. ?I?ve only seen it work out well.?
Contact Debra Nussbaum Cohen at dnussbaumc@forward.com
This story "Blazing a Trail, With Modesty and Faith" was written by Debra Nussbaum Cohen.
theScore's multi-part team previews includes a look at something that separates each team from the pack. From specific breakouts to power-play formations and beyond, Justin Bourne and Thomas Drance hope to highlight something you haven't noticed in the past.
What we noticed
It was borderline unfair how good Philly's PP1 was last season
During the 2013-14 NHL season, the Philadelphia Flyers' first power-play unit was near perfect.
The “perfect unit” doesn't mean the five best players - the Kings have five excellent players and they were dog meat - Philly just had the ideal guys for the job.
Like a Danny Ocean handpicked team of specialists, they had all the ingredients: size, skill and savvy. And like any overachieving, ragtag group of lovable crooks (or pirates), they had a demolitions expert.
The Flyers power play operated at 19.7 percent in 2013-14, a goal shy of cracking the NHL's five best, and it was the first unit that did the heavy lifting.
PP goals by the first unit: 40 (total power play TOI: roughly 1,380 mins)
PP goals by the rest of the team combined: 18 (total power play TOI: roughly 1,030 mins)
When the dust settled Claude Giroux finished fourth league-wide in power-play points (37), Wayne Simmonds was third in power-play goals (15) and Kimmo Timonen was 12th among D in power-play points (12). All five players were in the top 40 in power-play points, and generally by a lot. (They also had an exceptionally high GPU - that's gingers per unit - but that's neither here nor there.)
This group used a mess of options to make defending them largely unpleasant.
The background
A good power play generally involves a lot of movement.
Teams have a number of set plays that are triggered by directional cues. Since players can't really hear each other, plays are initiated by the puck-carrier moving to a particular part of the zone.
The Flyers rarely do that - move, that is - and they get away with it because Claude Giroux is so comically good, and everyone else is perfectly suited to their role.
The set-up
The Flyers want the puck on Giroux's stick. While Timonen is up top, and has distributing options, he's not the QB.
Here's what Giroux sees.
Timonen, Scott Hartnell and Jakub Voracek each have a one-timer available. Simmonds has a stick available off the net where he can take a pass, turn and stuff it. He's also providing a screen if Giroux wants to shoot. Oh, and if Timonen gets the puck, Giroux is on his one-timer side too.
All that means is every player is a realistic option, as each can score from their current location. Good luck defending that.
It works in part because of handedness, but also because the individual skill sets are so nicely tailored to each player's positioning. Hartnell - who thrives playing in traffic - is a perfect fit for the high slot, where he can create havoc no matter what Giroux decides to do. He can screen Timonen point shots, or fade in to do the same when Giroux is high with the puck. Double screens are deadly and the Flyers repeatedly took advantage.
Moments after the screen cap above, Philadelphia scores a PP goal for the seventh straight game, and it's the myriad options that create the chance.
The breakdown
Giroux receives a pass from Timonen after the Flyers recover a loose puck, and everyone slides into their positions.
Below you can see the Panthers D-man (Mike Weaver) and high forward (Marcel Goc) close off the biggest immediate threat - the one-timer from the slot. Weaver does it with his stick, Goc with body position.
But then Giroux takes a step or two down from where he received the pass towards the goal line. This makes Weaver change his stick position to cut off a direct pass to Simmonds at the net front.
When he does that, look what happens to the lane to Hartnell, below. Giroux's eyes light up. (Scottie Upshall's do too - he's the Panther's backside forward - so he knowingly drifts over, giving Voracek space).
All Giroux has to do now is make sure Goc doesn't mess up the open lane to Hartnell by switching his stick position, so he takes a step up towards Timonen, and Goc slides up like the puppet he is.
After the step up he slids the puck in; Weaver sees the pass coming, and jumps up to stop the shot.
But it's too late, the shot's off, and Weaver's commitment to Hartnell has left Simmonds all alone. Shot, rebound, goal.
Simply by moving his feet Giroux has the defenders thinking about Timonen and Simmonds, and there that opening is:
This doesn't work if the net front presence is just some donkey the team trots out as a screen, and it doesn't work if it's some skill guy who can't stand in against pressure to be effective on tips and rebounds.
Kurt R. of Broad Street Hockey wrote about Simmonds last season as he racked up 15 power-play goals, all of which came from within five feet of the net.
Here's a look at his power-play goal locations as of late March, before Simmonds scored three more all from same part of the ice.
As he noted, Simmonds is the best net-front presence on power plays in the league.
Without that deadly low threat, the opposing blue-liner would simply lock down on Hartnell, eliminating the most dangerous shooting option, and leave the guy in front. But, as we'll see below, Simmonds has the skill set to suck people away from Hartnell.
Giroux has a lane…
He uses it…
A quick spin and a stuff, combined with the strength to ward off pressure...
Count it, power-play goal.
From that spot on the ice Simmonds can screen the goalie, tip pucks in, bang rebounds home, handle passes cleanly and score goals.
When the puck does go up top away from him, Timonen has his choice of three shooting spots - himself, or one-timers to Giroux and Voracek. The rich get richer.
And Voracek has options. He can shoot through a double screen, or use the seam to Giroux (that goes both ways, both of which can result in more one-timers).
Voracek can even hit Simmonds back-door if the PK is sleeping. You won't believe this, but it's a one-timer for Simmonds. Notice the theme?
It's a combination of handedness and specialization that allows the Flyers a seemingly endless array of dangerous shooting options.
From Giroux being able to create from a stand still on the wall, to Simmonds being a net front specialist, and Hartnell's knack for playing in traffic and beyond, the Flyers' top unit is easily one of hockey's best.
Many people have been asking us about our plans for Apple Watch, given its imminent release. We decided not to create an Apple Watch app prior to its launch, and would like to explain our reasoning.
Design Challenges
Both Jason and I worked at Apple during the development of the iPad. We remember well the dramatic difference between using a simulated iPad on a Mac and using a real iPad for the first time while sitting on a couch.
Using real hardware in a realistic setting made you keenly aware of the strengths and weaknesses of the iPad, and provided a much better understanding of how to design useful software for the device.
We preordered Apple Watches the instant they were available, and are eager to get a feel for the everyday experience of using the device. This will help us answer critical design questions like these:
If you're walking around a supermarket with a shopping basket in one hand, and trying to tap a small target on a 38mm tall device at the same time, how accurate can you be?
Will it be difficult or unwieldy to scroll a list with dozens of items to the one you want to cross off?
After you cross off an item and lower your wrist to walk around the store, when you raise your wrist to cross off the next item, will your watch still be showing AnyList? Will we need to recommend that you change system settings on your watch so that AnyList will still be visible?
The answers to questions like these will help guide us in building a useful and elegant Apple Watch app.
Engineering Challenges
Building high quality software for a hardware platform that you can't use is very difficult. The behavior of a simulator doesn't always match the behavior of a real device. Something may perform very well in a simulator on your Mac, but perform horribly on the actual device. The Apple developer forums are filled with posts from developers who have had their Apple Watch apps rejected for performance problems and crashes which they cannot reproduce, since they do not have Apple Watches.
By waiting until we have devices on our wrists, we'll be better able to ensure a quality experience when using AnyList with Apple Watch.
Business Challenges
It appears that the Apple Watch will be in short supply initially, with ship times currently pushed into June. In the best case, it's going to take awhile before a significant fraction of our customers have Apple Watches. While the prospect of working on support for a revolutionary new platform is extremely exciting to us, given all of the challenges above, we felt that it was a better use of our time for the last few months to stay focused on improving our core app in ways that have the potential to benefit everyone who is already using AnyList.
Can I use Apple Watch with AnyList now?
Yes, if you'd like to add items to a list. AnyList integrates with Siri, and you can use Siri on the Apple Watch.
Will an AnyList app be available for Apple Watch in the future?
Almost certainly. We have watches on preorder and have many ideas for Apple Watch integration. We'll evaluate those ideas once we have our watches on our wrists. We hope the Apple Watch will be a smashing success and look forward to building a useful and elegant Apple Watch app in the future.
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Former French foreign minister Roland Dumas visited Libya as a lawyer to prepare a legal case on behalf of victims of NATO bombing and said he was prepared to defend leader Muammar Gaddafi if he is sent to The Hague.
Former French Foreign Minister Roland Dumas speaks during a news conference in Tripoli May 29 2011. REUTERS/Louafi Larbi
Dumas, who served as foreign minister under socialist President Francois Mitterrand, said he had seen several civilian victims of NATO bombing in a hospital and had been told by a doctor there that there were as many as 20,000 more.
NATO says it has struck only military targets. Despite repeated promises by Gaddafi's media officials, Western journalists based in Tripoli have been shown no evidence of large numbers of civilians killed or injured by NATO bombing.
“This is brutal, brutal aggression against a sovereign country,” Dumas told a news conference in a Tripoli luxury hotel on Sunday, attended by people introduced as family members and supporters of relatives of civilian casualties.
“At the moment we have been retained, we have a mandate on behalf of the victims of the military bombardment of NATO, who carried out their military action against civilians with the artificial — very artificial — cover of the United Nations,” Dumas said.
“Following an approach by the government of Libya, we have decided to make this trip to see for ourselves the condition of the victims and the situation,” he said.
“UNMASK THOSE ASSASSINS”
Dumas was accompanied by prominent French defense lawyer Jacques Verges, who said his goal was to “unmask those assassins” responsible for NATO air strikes. Verges said he had wept in hospital upon meeting civilians wounded “solely because they are Libyans.”
Verges — whose clients have included Nazi war criminal Klaus Barbie — and Dumas had been among lawyers expected to defend ousted Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo, who is being investigated for alleged human rights abuses during the conflict sparked by the disputed 2010 presidential election.
Their names were dropped from the most recent list of Gbagbo's lawyers.
Dumas was not able to describe the exact nature of the case he intended to launch on behalf of the wounded victims, but told Reuters he would make a more detailed announcement after returning to France and studying the case in more depth.
The Western alliance is leading an air campaign against Libya under a United Nations resolution permitting force to prevent Gaddafi's forces from killing civilians.
Human rights groups say scores of people were killed by Gaddafi's forces cracking down on demonstrators before the air strikes began, and hundreds have since died as a result of government troops' siege of the rebel-held city of Misrata.
Dumas, long an opponent of French President Nicolas Sarkozy, said he would be prepared to defend Gaddafi if the Libyan leader were forced to appear before the International Criminal Court in The Hague, although he described such a scenario as unlikely.
“If he asked me, yes, of course. Yes of course. (But) I don't think it is going to happen,” he told Reuters.
The court's prosecutor has called for indictments against Gaddafi, one of Gaddafi's sons and the head of Libyan intelligence, for killing civilians and other offenses.
Libyan officials said Dumas and Verges had offered their services “as volunteers” to represent the civilian victims of NATO bombing. Dumas declined to say whether they planned to accept payment from Gaddafi's government for their services.
Asked if he had received money from Gaddafi's government, Dumas told Reuters: “No, no. Nothing for the moment.”
Asked if that implied he would accept money from Gaddafi's government in the future, he said: “We are working as a lawyer. Like the English lawyer or the American lawyer. Okay?”
Islamabad: Hundreds of Pakistani students protesting against a French satirical magazine for publishing a controversial caricature stormed a Christian school in the country's northwest and demanded its closure, officials said on Tuesday.
Four students were injured when the protesters stormed Panel High School for boys in northwestern Bannu city in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province on Monday.
A local Christian told PTI on condition of anonymity that about 300 protesters, some of them carrying guns, entered the school and opened its gates.
They vandalised property and demanded that the school be closed, he said.
The school, remained shut on Tuesday, even as Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa governor Mehtab Abbasi called a meeting of Christian leaders and district administration to discuss the issue.
District police officer Abdul Rashid Khan said steps have been taken to avoid any security situation and added that the school will re-open on Wednesday.
The students were protesting against a caricature, deemed offensive to Islam, republished by French weekly 'Charlie Hebdo'.
The caricatures were republished following a attack by two Islamist gunmen on the magazine's office in Paris in which 12 people were killed.
Last month 150 people, mostly students, were killed when Taliban gunmen attacked an army-run school in the provincial capital Peshawar.
Charlie Hebdo caricatures have triggered massive protests in Pakistan.
On 16 January, at least three people were injured when protesters and police clashed at an anti-Charlie Hebdo stir outside the French consulate in Karachi.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
READER REPORT: Letter to the 239 of MH370 ANILA RADHAKRISHNAN
Dear MH370,
There is an ocean of things I want to tell you. The mystery of your disappearance, memories of your existence - how everything around me seems just another reason to cry.
It's so dark, though the scented candles on my table are flickering, trying to shed some light on you.
I wanted to let you know what you meant to me and what you snatched away.
Missing friend
I started learning the beautiful meanings of life from you. You taught me the essence of my existence. You taught me selflessness. You taught me sunrise and sunset. You taught me about the stars in the sky. You taught me the invisible truths of life. You taught me how to think, how to dream what was right and wrong. But you forgot to teach me how to live without you.
Missing parent
Last time we met, I remember a deep beautiful silence that crept between us. I could feel the warmth of your breath.
Then you took a step forward, and my heart sank as I knew you were going to kiss me - as much as I wanted to, but I did shy away. I didn't realise that it was the last time. I didn't realise I wouldn't see you again - how I wish.
Missing love
You used to annoy me with your pranks, you used to steal my share of choclates, you used to make fun of my hair, you used to mess me up awfully, but then again come back to me, because you knew I was your best friend.
We used to think alike, we used to like the same colours, everything about us was beautiful, and today I wanted you to know how much I cared. I could never ever love someone as much I loved you.
Missing sibling
The first time I saw you, you filled my heart with so much happiness that there was this beautiful pain, an essence of a very unknown feeling, but heavenly, I was overwhelmed with a joy which I never experienced before.
Your first smile brought me tears of joy and I still remember your innocent face, you were my everything, a part of my whole existence and today I look around to see nothing, but just a hollow carton box echoing memories of beautiful days.
Missing child
A colourful book, where I used to write my desires, my fantasies, my daydreams, my ambitions, my possibilities, my pleasure, my goals. I lost that in you. They were my dreams. Now they'll never come true.
SHARE
By Sean Longoria of the Redding Record Searchlight
California saw greater increases in crime year-over-year than Shasta County, though locally crime rates are much higher than the state average, according to an analysis of recently released crime data.
The data came as no surprise to law enforcement leaders and others working to improve public safety, who continued to press the case for more resources to put more officers on the streets.
"We need the resources available to address crime," Shasta County Sheriff Tom Bosenko said.
The county as a whole — including Redding and Anderson — saw nearly double the violent crimes compared to the state, based on population-adjusted figures.
The California Department of Justice last week released statewide crime figures for violent and property crimes. The data show both violent and property crimes have increased slightly in the past five years, although Attorney General Kamala Harris said in her annual report crime figures remain below 2010 levels and well below levels seen two decades ago.
Statewide, there were around 426 violent crimes per 100,000 people in 2015, while in Shasta County, the rate was 680 crimes per 100,000 people.
Property crimes countywide are about 20 percent higher locally per 100,000 people than the state average, the data show. In just Redding, that difference jumps to about three-quarters.
In Redding, violent crimes increased only slightly in 2015 compared to 2014, while property crimes increased more drastically.
Redding Police Chief Paoletti pointed to familiar culprits for the property crime increases — prison realignment and the voter-backed move to reclassify certain felonies as misdemeanors — in addition to people stealing to fuel drug addictions. Having more cops on the street would help deter criminals, even as the Redding Police Department is on pace this year to hit nearly 100,000 calls for service, he said.
"Our workload keeps going up as well," Paoletti said.
Like Bosenko, Paoletti pressed the need for more officers, in addition to more jail beds and treatment for addiction and mental health issues, to help curb crime.
Those resources may come in the form of half-cent sales tax in Redding, which officials estimate will add $11 million to public coffers to build more jail space, hire more police officers and firefighters, and help establish a sobering center and mental health facility. Voters will decide on the tax in the November General Election.
The jail bed space hits at holding criminals accountable for their actions, a message they've lost as the jail sees releases every day caused by bookings well in excess of available space, Shasta County Supervisor Leonard Moty said.
"I think the criminals know there's just not much of a consequence now," he said.
Moty, along with Redding Vice Mayor Brent Weaver, are pushing for support for the tax increase.
"The sense that I keep getting from these people is an increased level of discomfort in raising a family in this community and doing business here," Weaver said.
Ed Rullman, local businessman and founder of the Redding Merchants Crime Watch, struck a more optimistic note.
While he expects the area to stay "ahead of the curve" on crime for years to come, Rullman said residents and law enforcement officials need to continue to send the message that rampant criminal behavior is unwelcome while promoting the positive sides of the area.
"Once we start doing that, I think Redding will thrive again," Rullman said.
Preliminary FBI crime figures for the first half of 2015 also showed an increase in violent crime across many U.S. cities, though the FBI's report did not cover Redding. Experts have had difficulty pinpointing a cause or if it is the start of an upward trend from historically low levels in recent years, the Associated Press reported.
The FBI has yet to release its full report for 2015.
If you go
What: Redding Police Chief Robert Paoletti's quarterly town hall meeting
When: 6 p.m. Wednesday
Where: Redding City Council chambers, Redding City Hall, 777 Cypress Ave., Redding
HOUSTON - Houston police said a shooting on Ringold Street in Acres Homes started early Wednesday morning with an argument over how a man in his 20s was treating his dog.
Police said a man in his 60s said he saw the younger man beating his dog and tried to stop it.
"My son attacked him in some form or fashion because they were talking about the dog. My son ran into the house. The guy that shot him ran into another area, got the shotgun and shot through my back window and shot my son in the neck," the younger man's mother told KPRC 2.
She said her son went to the hospital for treatment. She would not reveal his name. A family member said he was expected to be released from the hospital later Wednesday.
Houston police said the shooter would not be charged with a crime. They considered this a case of self-defense.
"I hope it's a good wake-up call for him because he was having problems with his mom all of the time and going through some things with her. I just hope it'll be a wake-up call for him," Willis Garrett said.
2016 Click2Houston/KPRC2
Two members of the in-theater camcording gang known as IMAGiNE Group were sentenced Friday to lofty prison terms.
Sean Lovelady, 28, of California, was handed 23 months and had agreed to cooperate with the authorities. (.pdf) Willie Lambert, 57, of Pennsylvania, was given 30 months and ordered to pay $450,000 in restitution, the authorities said.
Two other men connected to the group have also pleaded guilty and are to be sentenced soon.
According to the indictment, (.pdf) "The conspirators informally identified themselves as the IMAGiNE Group and sought, among other things, to be the premier group to first release to the internet copies of new motion pictures only showing in movie theaters."
Group members would audio-record films such as Friends With Benefits and Captain America: The First Avenger. Others members would record the film at a theater with a camcorder. Then the sound and video would be combined into a full-featured movie, the authorities said.
Other films the group recorded and uploaded included The Men Who Stare at Goats, Avatar, Clash of the Titans, Iron Man 2, The Sorcerer's Apprentice, and, among others, The Green Hornet.
The authorities said the group utilized servers in France, Canada and the United States to offer in-theater-only movies from websites like unleashthe.net, pure-imagination.us and pure-imagination.info.
The indictment said the group accepted donations "to fund expenses, including the cost of renting servers used by the conspirators, and to accept payments for the unauthorized distribution and sale of pirated copies of copyrighted works."
The indictment alleges that the IMAGiNE Group's websites included member profiles, a torrent tracker, discussion forums and a message board.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A 1,500-year-old mosaic floor with a Greek inscription has been uncovered during works to install communications cables in Jerusalem's Old City - a rare discovery of an ancient relic and an historic document in one.
The inscription cites 6th-century Roman emperor Justinian as well as Constantine, who served as abbot of a church founded by Justinian in Jerusalem. Archaeologists believe it will help them to understand Justinian's building projects in the city.
The full inscription reads: “The most pious Roman emperor Flavius Justinian and the most 6God-loving priest and abbot, Constantine, erected the building in which (this mosaic) sat during the 14th indiction.”
Indiction is an ancient method of counting years that was used for taxation purposes. Archaeologists said the inscription suggests the mosaic dated to the year 550/551 AD.
Justinian was one of the most important rulers of the Byzantine era. In 543 AD he established the Nea Church in Jerusalem - one of the biggest Christian churches in the eastern Roman Empire and the largest in Jerusalem at the time.
“The fact that the inscription survived is an archaeological miracle,” David Gellman, director of the excavation on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority, said in a statement.
“Every archaeologist dreams of finding an inscription in their excavations, especially one so well preserved and almost entirely intact.”
Researchers believe that the building of which the mosaic was once part, located beside the Old City's Damascus Gate, was used as a hostel for pilgrims.
The mosaic, which was unveiled to the media on Wednesday, was discovered earlier this summer. Conservation experts have removed the mosaic and are treating it in a specialist workshop.
The White House is pushing for significant cuts to EPA programs and staff levels, giving a glimpse of how the Trump administration plans on devolving more control to the states.
The budget plan sent from the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to EPA leadership calls for eliminating dozens of programs, including at least 16 that have to do with global warming and implementing former President Barack Obama's climate agenda.
OMB also requested a 30 percent cut in grants to states and a 20 percent reduction in EPA's workforce through buy-outs and layoffs. In total, President Donald Trump is calling for a roughly 25 percent cut to EPA's budget — about $2 billion.
The cuts are laid out in a letter sent by William Becker, the executive director of the National Association of Clean Air Agencies (NACAA), to his group's member state and local regulators. Becker said NACAA received the “pass back” budget information sent from OMG to EPA Monday, according to InsideEPA.
Here are all the programs NACAA said OMB wants “zeroed out”:
Alaska Native Villages Beach and Fish programs Brownfield projects Clean Power Plan implementation Climate Voluntary partnership programs‹there are 14 separate ones Diesel Emissions Reduction Act Endocrine grants Energy star grants Environmental education Environmental justice Geographical programs for lake [Champlain], L.I. Sound, S.F. Bay and South Florida Global Change Research Mexico Border grants Multi-purpose grants Office of Public Engagement Radon Star Research grants Small minority businesses State indoor radon Targeted air shed grants U.S. Mexico Border Water Sense
Democrats and environmentalists have opposed Trump's budget cuts, and EPA union leaders are hemming and hawing about cutting staffing levels. Even some Republicans aren't on board with cutting so much from EPA's budget.
“They are operating at 1989 staffing levels. So you really want to be sure you are not cutting the meat and muscle with the fat,” Oklahoma Republican Rep. Tom Cole, who is on the House Committee on Appropriations, told Inside EPA.
“There's not that much in the EPA, for crying out loud,” Rep. Mike Simpson, an Idaho Republican, told The Washington Post. Thompson formerly chaired the appropriations committee's subcommittee dealing with EPA.
What's unsurprising is Trump wants to get rid of more than a dozen global warming programs at EPA, including funding to implement the Clean Power Plan (CPP)
Trump promised to repeal Obama's “Climate Action Plan” — the CPP is the linchpin of the former president's climate agenda. The CPP limits carbon dioxide emissions from new and existing power plants.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt helped lead a coalition of 28 states to overturn the rule while he was attorney general of Oklahoma. Trump is preparing to sign an executive order to rescind the CPP, so it's not surprising they'd cut funding for its implementation.
WaPo reported EPA's “Office of Research and Development could lose up to 42 percent of its budget, according to an individual apprised of the administration's plans.”
The budget plan “eliminates funding altogether for the office's ‘contribution to the U.S. Global Change Research Program,'” according to WaPo.
One area of concern, however, is the reduction in state and tribal grants for infrastructure and environmental clean-up. The Environmental Council of the States (ECS) sent a letter to EPA and OMB urging them not to cut those programs.
ECS wrote that “cuts to [state and tribal] categorical grants, or to EPA programs operated by states, will have profound impacts on states' ability to implement the core environmental programs as expected by our citizens.”
More than 90 percent of EPA programs are carried out by state environmental regulators. That's something that concerns Pruitt, who promised to push back against OMB and preserve grants to states.
“I am concerned about the grants that have been targeted, particularly around water infrastructure, and those very important state revolving funds,” Pruitt told E&E News Tuesday.
“What's important for us is to educate OMB on what the priorities of the agency are, from water infrastructure to Superfund, providing some of those tangible benefits to our citizens,” Pruitt said, “while at the same time making sure that we reallocate, re-prioritize in our agency to do regulatory reform to get back within the bounds of Congress.”
Follow Michael on Facebook and Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Coimbra University's Library is a National Monument:
Once referred to as “The House of the Bookshop” Coimbra University's library is one of the top five libraries in the world. Now called Biblioteca Joanina, this Baroque library was built between 1717 and 1728, during the reign of King João V of Portugal. The library is named after King João V and his coat of arms is over the front door.
Nowadays Biblioteca Joanina is a Portuguese National Monument and one of the University's main tourist attractions. Its collection of over 200,000 books is of priceless value, both historically and at a monetary level.
Inside the library, there are three great rooms divided by ornate arches. The rooms, with highly decorated ceilings, are rich in gilt and exotic wood and the walls are covered by two-storied shelves of books.
Library Procedures
As the books in the Biblioteca Joanina collection date back to the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries, great care is taken before granting access to the books. Anyone wishing to gain access to any of these bibliographic collections must first submit an application, stating the reasons for their research.
If approved, the volume is taken to the General Library and made available to the researcher. Preservation of these books are critical as for the most part they represent the best that cultivated Europe had to offer at the time.
Conservation of Biblioteca Joanina Collection
The Library's bibliographic assets are all well conserved as the building is pretty much like a vault and provides a stable environment throughout the year, both in summer and in winter. Designed to be a “book house”, its external walls are 2.11 metres thick. The door is made of teak, which allows for a room temperature of 18° to 20°C, although we thought it was much warmer than that. The panelled walls in the interior help maintain the levels of relative humidity at 60 percent.
It is well known that variation in humidity and temperatures are a threat to books. Equally well known is that books have another “enemy” papyrophaguses – that is insects feeding on paper. Although, at Biblioteca Joanina insects are not a problem, as the shelves are entirely made of oak. Oak wood is a very hard wood which makes it difficult for insects to bore into and it also produces a worm-repellent odour.
Interestingly, the library has another natural protection against insects. Inside this temple of books lives a colony of bats, which come out at night and feed on the occasional insects. Special monitoring of course is required to ensure that the bats themselves do not cause any damage to the library, especially the valuable wood of the tables. Every evening, before leaving the library, the caretaker covers the magnificent tables with leather towels, and the following morning he cleans the library before opening it to the public. All very interesting.
Photography is not allowed inside the library and the attendants shut the doors very quickly on your way out so you only have one nano-second to take a shot from outside.
See Travel Signposts Coimbra University Photo Gallery HERE.
Related
What about you? What are your thoughts on this subject?
Many Oregonians are uninformed about how government works, according to a new OPB poll.
DHM Research found that when asked to name a tax that pays for state services, only 36 percent knew it was income tax. 33 percent named the property tax, which pays for local services.
Political analyst Jim Moore with Pacific University says Oregonians are in the middle of the pack when it comes to political knowledge.
“We've got polling data going back for decades that show that people don't know the answers to these questions,” said Moore.
“And you can argue the polices have been okay over that time. So yes, it's something to be worried about, but when we look at the outcomes and policy and who gets elected and things like that, it's about what we would expect, even if people knew nothing about government.”
Only a little more than half of those surveyed knew how many U.S. senators Oregon has: 53 percent knew that each state has two.
Moore says the lack of political knowledge is the reason candidates are marketed like soap. He says voters make their choices as much for emotional reasons as they do for issues.
The poll surveyed 400 registered voters in Oregon and had a margin of error of plus or minus 4.9 percent.
The news that our neighbours are to be better informed about Belgium's nuclear power station came after a meeting between the Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon (Flemish nationalist) and the Luxembourg Secretary of State responsible for sustainable development Camille Gira (Green).
During the meeting Mr Gira was given an explanation about the safety procedure that are in force at Belgium's nuclear power plants. The Luxembourg government and the governments of The Netherlands and Germany have posed questions concerning the safety of our power stations in recent weeks.
The idea of allowing foreign experts to carry out checks in Belgium is not new. Mr Jambon told journalists that "Belgium already carry out checks with experts from France. So it is not the case that one country can't carry out checks on another country. It is more about exchanging ideas on best practices”.
The inspections will take place in the radioactive section of the reactor. The recent incidents took place in the non-radioactive part of the reactor.
With all the talk about new oil discoveries around the world and new techniques for extracting oil in such places as North Dakota and Texas, it would be easy to miss the main action in the oil supply story: Aging giant fields produce more than half of global oil supply and are already declining as group. Research suggests that their annual production decline rates are likely to accelerate.
The most recent research on giant oil fields has been available since 2009 so it doesn't attract media attention the way new discoveries hyped by oil company public relations departments do. And yet, that research is far more important to understanding our oil future.
Here's what the authors of “Giant oil field decline rates and their influence on world oil production” concluded:
The world's 507 giant oil fields comprise a little over one percent of all oil fields, but produce 60 percent of current world supply (2005). (A giant field is defined as having more than 500 million barrels of ultimately recoverable resources of conventional crude. Heavy oil deposits are not included in the study.) “[A] majority of the largest giant fields are over 50 years old, and fewer and fewer new giants have been discovered since the decade of the 1960s.” The top 10 fields with their location and the year production began are: Ghawar (Saudi Arabia) 1951, Burgan (Kuwait) 1945, Safaniya (Saudi Arabia) 1957, Rumaila (Iraq) 1955, Bolivar Coastal (Venezuela) 1917, Samotlor (Russia) 1964, Kirkuk (Iraq) 1934, Berri (Saudi Arabia) 1964, Manifa (Saudi Arabia) 1964, and Shaybah (Saudi Arabia) 1998 (discovered 1968). (This list was taken from Fredrik Robelius's “Giant Oil Fields -The Highway to Oil.”) The 2009 study focused on 331 giant oil fields from a database previously created for the groundbreaking work of Robelius mentioned above. Of those, 261 or 79 percent are considered past their peak and in decline. The average annual production decline for those 261 fields has been 6.5 percent. That means, of course, that the number of barrels coming from these fields on average is 6.5 percent less EACH YEAR. Now, here's the key insight from the study. An evaluation of giant fields by date of peak shows that new technologies applied to those fields has kept their production higher for longer only to lead to more rapid declines later. As the world's giant fields continue to age and more start to decline, we can therefore expect the annual decline in their rate of production to worsen. Land-based and offshore giants that went into decline in the last decade showed annual production declines on average above 10 percent. What this means is that it will become progressively more difficult for new discoveries to replace declining production from existing giants. And, though I may sound like a broken record, it is important to remind readers that the world remains on a bumpy production plateau for crude oil including lease condensate (which is the definition of oil), a plateau which began in 2005.
One the clearest cases of the study's key finding is Mexico's Cantarell oil field, the second most productive in the world, until a steep decline began in 2004. Production from Cantarell stalled in the early 1990s leading Petroleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), the Mexican national oil company, to begin an aggressive drilling campaign and to build what at the time was the largest nitrogen extraction plant in the world. Once completed, the plant captured nitrogen from the air and injected it into the Cantarell field in order to counter falling pressure.
The result was a dramatic rise in production from about 1 million barrels per day (mbpd) in 1995 to above 2 mbpd in 2003, just two years after the nitrogen injection began. But, by the end of 2005 it was evident that Cantarell was in decline. What followed was a breathtaking slide from 2.136 mbpd in 2004 to just 394,000 barrels per day as of March this year. That's a total decline of 81 percent in just over eight years.
PEMEX has stabilized total Mexican oil output from all fields at about 2.5 mbpd—it was 3.4 mbpd at Cantarell's peak—by successfully increasing production from its Ku-Maloob-Zap offshore field. But once again the company is using nitrogen injection to achieve the increase just as it did at Cantarell. And so, PEMEX may be on course to repeat at Ku-Maloob-Zap the rapid decline previously experienced at Cantarell.
Four years on from the 2009 study it is possible that the percentage of world oil production from the giants has slipped as just enough production from new smaller fields has been added to keep global production flat. But if, as the study suggests, the decline rate for giant fields accelerates, the record-breaking expenditures and herculean technical efforts now being undertaken by the oil industry just to keep production flat may be overwhelmed.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Perched on a production plateau, either we are approaching ever closer to a decline in worldwide production of crude oil proper or new developments—that is, ones not yet in evidence—will boost the global rate of production definitively above the current plateau. The weight of the evidence, however, suggests an unfavorable outcome in the decade ahead.
UPDATED 4/9/13: After mysteriously disappearing, the missing PEMEX production report which included the latest production rate from the Cantarell oil field has returned to the company's website. I've now provided a link above.
Before doing anything else on this step, be sure to unfold the landing gear folds you made in the previous step to allow the paper to sit flush with itself, as shown in the first photograph.
With the landing gear folds out of the way, use your ruler to find the spot along the trailing edge of the paper which is 0.875 inches from the center crease and make a mark. At the nose, find the spot which is 0.75 inches above the center crease along the leading edge and make another mark. Along the center crease, measure 1.25 inches from the rear edges of the airfoil folds.
With these markings made, connect the first to marks with a crease. This will make one of the wings. Turn the paper over and repeat the fold, matching it to the one you have just made for symmetry. After doing this, unfold.
Connect the first and third marks with another fold. This will create the tail. After making this crease, unfold the paper and allow it to lie as flat as possible. Reverse the creases to make the tail; it should appear as it does in the tenth photograph.
We've said it before and we'll say it again: violating a computer use restriction is not a crime. That's why today EFF filed an amicus brief urging the Oregon Supreme Court to review a troubling opinion by the Oregon Court of Appeals in State v. Nascimento, finding an employee committed a computer crime for violating her employer's computer use restrictions.
Caryn Nascimento worked as a cashier at the deli counter of a convenience store. As part of her job, she was authorized to access a lottery terminal in the store to sell and validate lottery tickets for paying customers. Store policy prohibited employees from purchasing lottery tickets for themselves or validating their own lottery tickets while on duty. After a store manager noticed a discrepancy in the receipts from the lottery terminal, it was discovered that Nascimento had printed lottery tickets for herself without paying for them. She was ultimately convicted not only of first-degree theft, but also of computer crime on the ground that she accessed the lottery terminal “without authorization.”
Nascimento appealed the computer crime conviction. She argued that because she had permission to access the lottery terminal as part of her work duties, she did not access the terminal without authorization—as required under the Oregon's computer crime statute. Unfortunately, the Oregon Court of Appeals affirmed Nascimento's conviction, finding she had only “limited authorization” to access the lottery terminal for purposes of printing and validating lottery tickets for paying customers, and acted without authorization when she printed them for herself.
Nascimento filed a petition for review, asking the Oregon Supreme Court to review the decision and we filed an amicus brief in support of her petition. As we explain to the Oregon Supreme Court, review is necessary because the Court of Appeals' decision transforms millions of unsuspecting individuals into criminals on the basis of innocuous, everyday behavior—such as checking personal email or playing solitaire on a work computer. Such restrictions, frequently included in employers' computer policies, are no different than the restriction imposed on Nascimento. They're ultimately all computer use, not access, restrictions. Upholding Nascimento's conviction on the basis of a violation of a computer use restriction expands Oregon's computer crime statute to criminalize violations of any computer use restriction. Two federal courts of appeal—the Fourth and Ninth Circuits—have explicitly rejected an expansive interpretation of parallel language in the federal computer crime statute, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (“CFAA”), for precisely this concern about turning millions of innocent people into criminals.
This case is dangerous because it gives employers—and website owners—the power to make behavior illegal just by stating in a written computer use policy that it's not allowed. For example, a worker could be prosecuted for reading personal email or checking the score of a baseball game if her employer's policy says that company computers may be used only for work-related purposes. Or, because Facebook's terms of use prohibit users from providing false person information, a Facebook user could be prosecuted for shaving a few years off her age in her profile.
We hope the Oregon Supreme Court recognizes the dangers of such an expansive interpretation of the state's computer crime statute, and grants Nascimento's petition for review.
Special thanks to our local counsel, J. Ashlee Albies of Creighton & Rose, PC in Portland, Oregon.
I've been playing around with creating N-grams from books. Just to see how this is done, what the results look like, and how you can use these N-grams for visualizations. I started with the seven Harry Potter books to see what kind of N-grams were created. So after creating N-grams from size one to size 10, and counting them I got around 5.500.000 distinct N-Grams of various length and number of occurences. My next step was to find an interesting way of visualizing these N-Grams, and to get some inspiration I was looking though my 'to-read' list from getPocket. There I ran into someone, Mike Matola, who created posters from copying lines of film scripts to "compose portraits of music and film icons".
So I set out to do the same thing. Just not by hand, and using the most common occurences of sentences to fill an image. In the next couple of days I'll update my site and show you how I created the ngrams from the input material, and how that input can be converted to create this kind of images. I've you're interested in specific scenes, stencils, books or images let me know. The generation is a bit time consuming, but, luckily, completely automatically.
Follow @josdirksen Tweet to @josdirksen Tweet
A married South Carolina teacher was arrested on Friday, suspected of having a sexual affair with a 17-year-old student at her home.
Kinsley Wentzky, 34, was charged with sexual battery after investigators in the city of Columbia learned that she had allegedly brought a male home with her and had sex with him on several occasions, according to The State.
The unidentified student gave a sworn statement to police detailing the relationship, although few of those details have been released. Wentzky reportedly knew the boy from Dreher High School where she has taught honors English classes for seven years, according to a police report obtained by WACH. The alleged assault had been taking place since May, 2012.
GALLERY: Kinsley Wentzky (story continues below)
PHOTO GALLERY Kinsley Wentzky
Columbia Police issued an arrest warrant for Wentzky after a parent of the student reported the relationship, according to WIS.
On Wentzky's class webpage -- which was featured on the school's website but taken down after the allegations -- she identified herself as "happily married" with two children. Her husband, Charlie, is the A.C. Flora High School athletic director.
Port Seraphine, a longtime SL shopping island owned and run by fashionista legend Nephilaine Protagonist, is closing next January. Neph, someone I've known and admired in both worlds since 2003, has run Port Seraphine (SLurl here) since early 2006, but now writes on SL Universe that "I don't really have the time or the patience to maintain a set of stores this extensive anymore, and if it's not fun it's not worth it."
Port Seraphine is not the only SL shopping mall that's closing or soon to close; many more have, as Prim Perfect reports in an extensive post, with the author pointing to the growth of the official Marketplace website as a likely culprit. As more SLers buy their avatar fashion and other virtual goods on Linden Lab's website, the reasoning goes, less will take the time to enjoy the full immersive experience of shopping in-world that SL shopping areas provide. Hence the non-scientific but still hopefully illuminating survey question above: Has the Marketplace changed your in-world shopping habits, and if so how? And please discuss in more detail in Comments.
Survey results published in the next week or two.
Terms of Use
Introduction
Welcome to The Carry Academy. This website is owned and operated by enLearned LLC. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy (the "User Agreement").
This User Agreement is in effect as of 01/01/2018.
We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions.
Responsible Use and Conduct
By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide for you, either directly or indirectly (the "Resources"), you agree to use the Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by (a) the terms of this User Agreement; and (b) applicable laws, regulations and generally accepted online practices and guidelines.
You agree that:
a. In order to access our Resources, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself (such as identification, contact details, payment information, and other information) as part of the registration process, or as part of your ability to use the Resources. You agree that any information you provide will be accurate, correct, and up to date.
b. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our Resources. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account(s).
c. Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Resources through any illegal, automated, unethical or unconventional means.
d. Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited.
e. Attempting to copy, duplicate, reproduce, sell, trade, or resell our Resources is strictly prohibited.
f. You are solely responsible any consequences, losses, or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you and you may incur criminal or civil liability for such unauthorized activities.
g. We may provide various open communication tools on our website, including but not limited to blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, and various social media services. We do not always pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a legal, responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that:
i. Is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language;
ii. Infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right of any person or entity;
iii. Contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;
iv. Impersonates any person or entity, including any The Carry Academy employees or representatives.
We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this User Agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and waive any claim against us for such removal.
h. We do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other third party users of our website. However, any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website, provided that it doesn't violate or infringe on any third party copyrights or trademarks, becomes the property of enLearned LLC, and as such, gives us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly display and/or distribute as we see fit. The foregoing only applies to content posted via open communication tools, and does not apply to information that is provided as part of the registration process as part of your use of the Resources.
i. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless enLearned LLC, The Carry Academy, their parent company/companies and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, agents, successors, assigns, and licensors (collectively, the "enLearned LLC Parties"), from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this User Agreement. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Limitation of Warranties
The enLearned LLC Parties expressly disclaim any and all warranties, express or implied, regarding the Resources, arising by operation of law or otherwise, including without limitation any and all implied warranties of merchantability, quality, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, no encumbrance, or title, in addition to any warranties arising from a course of dealing, usage, or trade practice.
The Resources are provided with all faults, and the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with the user.
The enLearned LLC Parties do not warrant that the Resources will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs, or that the operation or use of the Resources will be uninterrupted or error-free. The enLearned LLC Parties disclaim all implied liability for damages arising out of the furnishing of the Resources pursuant to this User Agreement, including without limitation, mistakes, omissions, interruptions, delays, tortious conduct, errors, representations, or other defects arising out of the failure to to furnish the Resources, whether caused by acts of commission or omission, or any other damage occurring. The enLearned LLC Parties shall not be liable for any failure by you to obtain a concealed carry handgun permit from Virginia or any other jurisdiction, regardless of the reason for denial of your application for such permit.
Limitation of Liability
In conjunction with the Limitation of Warranties as explained above, you expressly understand and agree that your potential recovery for any claim against the enLearned LLC Parties arising from or relating to the Resources or this User Agreement shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of products and/or services. The enLearned LLC Parties will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you as a result of using the Resources, or as a result of any changes, data loss or corruption, cancellation, loss of access, or downtime.
Copyrights, Trademarks, and License
Subject to your compliance with this User Agreement, the enLearned LLC Parties grant you a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable as stated in this User Agreement, non-transferable license to access the The Carry Academy websites, and to use the Resources. The Resources, including any portion of The Carry Academy websites, may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, modified, sold, resold, distributed, transmitted, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the prior, express written consent of the enLearned LLC Parties. All rights not expressly granted in this User Agreement are reserved by the enLearned LLC Parties. Without limitation, this User Agreement grants you no rights to the intellectual property of the enLearned LLC Parties or any other party, except as expressly stated in this User Agreement. The license granted in this section is conditioned on your compliance with this User Agreement. Your rights under this section will immediately terminate if you breach, actually or potentially, in the sole judgment of the enLearned LLC Parties, any provision of this User Agreement.
Termination of Use
You agree that we may, at our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and Resources with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this User Agreement. Any suspected illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship with The Carry Academy and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Upon suspension or termination, your right to use the Resources we provide will immediately cease, and we reserve the right to remove or delete any information that you may have on file with us, including any account or login information.
Privacy Policy
By using or accessing The Carry Academy websites and the Resources, you represent and warrant that you have read and understood the Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into this User Agreement, and agree to be bound by its terms. See our Privacy Policy.
Dispute Resolution, Governing Law, Attorneys' Fees
This User Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to its conflict of law principles.
Any and all claims, actions, demands, causes of action, and other proceedings ("Claim" or "Claims") involving you and any of the enLearned LLC Parties arising from or relating to the Resources or this User Agreement shall be heard in a court or courts of competent jurisdiction in Virginia Beach, Virginia. You hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
You agree that any Claim you bring against any of the enLearned LLC Parties will only be in your individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.
If any of the enLearned LLC Parties initiates a Claim against you arising from or relating to the Resources or this User Agreement, the enLearned LLC Parties will be entitled to recover from you their reasonable costs and attorneys' fees incurred as a result of such Claim. If you initiate a Claim against any of the enLearned LLC Parties arising from or relating to the Resources or this User Agreement, and any of the enLearned LLC Parties prevail on such Claim, the enLearned LLC Parties will be entitled to recover from you their reasonable costs and attorneys' fees incurred as a result of such Claim
REFUND POLICY
Refunds will only be issued in the event that you are unable to access the Resources through no fault of your own (i.e., due to an outage or other non-functionality of The Carry Academy websites) for a period forty-eight (48) hours commencing with the time that you register and pay for access to the Resources. No refunds will be issued once you receive a Certificate of Completion.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this User Agreement, you can contact us at:
The Carry Academy
P.O. Box 5143
Virginia Beach, VA 23471
hello@carryacademy.com
Fans are strange beasts. Sometimes fans are a loose conglomerate of people who like one thing, but sometimes that shared passion bonds fans together into some kind of super-organism that acts as one and has cells that act to protect the larger body. In many ways, February was a month that was defined by fans, fan backlash and the mishandling of fans by people who should know better. There were three fan interactions that really stood out to me as being the defining moments of the month, each illustrating a different aspect of fandom.
To start with have the debacle surrounding Peter Molyneux's Godus. I won't go over all the details as Ben Mansill has covered most of that ground in his column but instead focus on what I think Molyneux has missed. In interviews, especially the rather scathing one with Rock Paper Shotgun, Molyneux has stated that he no longer has a name in gaming and that, in essence, nobody knows who he is anymore. That is patently not the case as evidenced by the support for his Kickstarter campaign and the number of people that mindlessly tapped away at the Curiosity cube. The whole process, from start until now has been entirely predicated on Peter Molyneux's gaming cachet and his large number of fans.
Curiosity revolved around Molyneux's reputation, and when it was finally unlocked by Bryan Henderson it was Peter himself who appeared in a YouTube video to explain the purpose of the game and what the effects the game would have on the winner. It was an experiment and a crowd funding campaign based, if not exclusively then extremely strongly, on an existing fan base. Why else bill Godus as “a delightful reinvention of the god game from 22Cans and Peter Molyneux, who created the genre”? That one line is clearly calling to fans of both the developer himself and the game that arguably made him the high profile developer he is today.
Cut to now and the videos of apology, the interviews full of mea culpas and recriminations and the lack of contact or interaction with Henderson have turned the developer's enduring fan base against him. The whole Curiosity experiment and then crowd sourcing the funding for the development of Godus both relied on fan support and gave ample opportunity for the creation of a strong new fan base through interaction and community development. Curiosity gave them the perfect leg in, with a member of the public becoming a key “member” of the team. By sidelining and ignoring Henderson, Molyneux and 22Cans essentially placed themselves apart from the community that they needed to foster for the game to thrive.
In his interview with Rock Paper Shotgun, Molyneux also claimed on numerous occasions that the interviewer John Walker was trying to run him out of the games business. Sure, the interview did start off somewhat antagonistic but given Molyneux's history of promising far more than he ever delivered, the idea of him being a pathological liar (in this definition someone who lies without being aware of it) doesn't seem that inappropriate. Whatever the case, Walker revealed himself to be a fan of a number of Molyneux's games. What Peter took to be someone who had it in for him appears to the reader to be a disappointed fan rather than a hate-monger.
The second fan incident is almost entirely the opposite of Molyneux's problem – fans coming to the strident defence of an artist rather than distancing themselves from him. I don't want to get into the whole GamerGate/SJW diatribe that has formed around the issue of Adam Baldwin and Supanova but instead focus on what has happened between two groups of dedicated fans – those of the event and those of Baldwin himself. Long story short, Adam Baldwin, a pop-culture icon thanks to his portrayal of Jayne Cobb in the cult TV series, Firefly, has made a less stellar name for himself over the past couple of years for various reasons, including the coining of the term GamerGate, his tacit approval of doxxing, comparing same-sex marriage to incest and the like.
Upon learning that Baldwin would be at Supanova, a number of people tried to have his invite rescinded as they felt that the kind of supporters that Baldwin may attract would make the event less inclusive and would leave some of them feeling unsafe. This is obviously a very cursory view of the argument, but nothing deeper is really needed with what is to come. Supanova decided to let the invite stand, arguing that a person's politics and work could be separated, a move that angered a number of Supanova fans, leading to some high profile displays and cosplayers planning to boycott the event.
At a base level, both sides of the argument are correct. Baldwin may have shown himself to be a right wing ideologue and twitter bully through social media, but that doesn't detract from the fact that he embodied a beloved character. Likewise, those who organised the original petition trying to remove Baldwin from the event or planning on boycotting Supanova are correct in saying that the inclusion of someone who has been outspokenly bigoted on some topics and supports/has the support of GamerGate may cause the event to be less welcoming and inclusive than it has been in previous years and could draw a crowd that would leave some attendees feeling less safe than they would like.
The response from fans on both sides is awkward. On the one hand you have people, somewhat understandably, trying to exclude someone from an event in the name of inclusiveness, and on the other you have a fan base living down to expectation whilst trying to defend Baldwin. Whilst trying to justify Baldwin's inclusion at Supanova, a number of have been harassed for speaking out by Baldwin's supporters. According to prominent Australian cosplayer Eve Beauregard, one of the people boycotting the event, “Countless people have been threatened, harassed and targeted in the name of the movement which Adam Baldwin is the celebrity face of, many simply for voicing an opposing view. To ask your attendees to publicly speak out against GamerGate is to ask them to make targets of themselves. This quickly became apparent as several community members were doxxed for speaking about why they disagreed with having Baldwin as a guest.” By behaving in such a way in defence of Baldwin's inclusion in the event, some fans have made people's fears of not feeling safe at Supanova a reality.
The final problem is one I'm responsible for. In our Simulator Special we made a joke in our review of Elite Dangerous, referring to Star Citizen as “Scam Citizen” and saying that it would be released in 2047. The joke was made in reference to the huge amount of money that had been accrued by Cloud Imperium Games and the feature creep that has resulted from the budget, as well as the fact that there have been multiple articles over the past 12 months questioning the validity of the project. Although I didn't write the words, as editor the buck stops with me. I was initially going to put inverted commas around scam, but decided against it, feeling that people would get the joke. I was wrong. The Star Citizen fan base was not happy with us to say the least.
When you look at Star Citizen you can understand why the fans take offense. There have been a number of clickbait articles about the game, but I think that the desire to leap to the defence of the game is built into the funding model. The game is crowd-funded, with a huge number of people paying not insubstantial amounts of money to buy into a game that is not yet complete, with only a dogfighting module and the ability to walk around and through your ships currently available. The fans have a lot invested, both monetarily and emotionally in the game, and any hint of disparagement is not only a knock at the game but those who have funded and anticipate the game as a whole. I misread that and was soundly slapped. That said, calling for someone to be fired over a few words meant in jest is an overreaction.
As fans ourselves we sometimes fall into these same traps – disappointing our base or lashing out at anyone we perceive as an existential threat to something we love. Passion can fill you with an almost unlimited fire that can drive your life and loves. You just need to be careful not to burn yourself or others. Fandom can bring your perspective down to a laser focus making you blind to a bigger picture. Every fan should love what they love but should also attempt to take a step back and broaden their view.
Comfort is king when it comes to being a big man, and I've recently found that comfort behind the wheel of a 2015 Chevrolet Malibu.
Driving this vehicle has been mostly a pleasure. What the Malibu lacks in off-the-line and highway lane-change power it makes up in with a quiet, smooth and comfortable ride. Yet while it's comfortable for tall drivers, this car effectively seats three with me behind the wheel.
How a big guy fits in the Malibu
The 2015 Malibu is one of the best fit's I've experienced lately. Its seats give support past mid-thigh. And there's enough seat range to allow for full leg extension. A high center console provides a well-placed armrest. There's enough lateral room for the slight bend in your legs without having to rest your shin on console.
This combination gives me the feeling of being cocooned in the driver's seat. Since picking it up, I've made several four or five hour-long trips in the Malibu. If I didn't have the bladder of a five year-old, I don't think I'd even want to stop and stretch my legs.
If I have any complaint, it's that I wish the car offered me just one more inch of headroom. If I were much taller than 6'7″, it might be an issue. But seat adjustments could allow you to find the right fit.
How the people in the back fit
While the ride up front is wonderful for a tall driver, it can be a bit tight behind that driver. And it's the passenger's feet that are a problem before their knees are. There's no clearance under the seat and that's a problem for adults sitting in the rear, particularly if they're behind the driver.
My likes and gripes
Exterior
With both the Malibu and Impala, I really enjoy the way that Chevrolet has created edges in their design. There's still an element of swoop that the Malibu shares with other sedans, but the hard lines on the hood and in the rear are a subtle nod to older designs. I also enjoy the tail lights as they have a bit of a retro look. At the end of the day, the Malibu isn't the flashiest sedan out there. But it's easy on the eyes.
Ride quality
What has impressed me the most about the Malibu is the ride quality. You don't exactly expect a Malibu-level vehicle to give you the kind of ride that you'd expect from something much more costly. But the ride in the Malibu is smooth, even on the Michigan roads that nobody will pay to fix. Along with being smooth, the ride is quiet. Engine noise is minimal and only the big bumps create much noise in the cabin.
Interior
Call me juvenile, but there's something about the cool blue “Tron lights,” as I call them, that line the interior when it's dark in the cabin. The wood accents are tasteful without calling too much attention to them. Everything in the console is situated in a way that makes everything easy to get to.
Yet not everything is so nice. The plastic interior found on the doors is unattractive, unpleasant to the touch and it seems difficult to get out smudges and other grime. Unless you upgrade to the leather steering wheel wrap, that same material is on the steering wheel as well.
Performance
My biggest gripe about the Malibu is the power. When I'm pulling out into traffic or trying to pass on the highway, I want that responsive oomph when I put the pedal down, and the 2.5L inline 4 engines doesn't give it to me. However, there is a 2.0L turbocharged Malibu available.
The 2015 Malibu is good for a tall driver
Surprisingly, when I went solely by the numbers, the Malibu didn't lead the way in front legroom. But the more I drive these vehicles, the more I see that it isn't always about the measurements, but about how the cockpit itself is arranged.
Tell a friend!
Breakthrough in next generation of storage batteries could transform the US electrical grid within five to 10 years, says research agency, Arpa-E
A US government agency says it has attained the “holy grail” of energy – the next-generation system of battery storage, that has has been hotly pursued by the likes of Bill Gates and Elon Musk.
Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (Arpa-E) – a branch of the Department of Energy – says it achieved its breakthrough technology in seven years.
Ellen Williams, Arpa-E's director, said: “I think we have reached some holy grails in batteries – just in the sense of demonstrating that we can create a totally new approach to battery technology, make it work, make it commercially viable, and get it out there to let it do its thing,”
If that's the case, Arpa-E has come out ahead of Gates and Musk in the multi-billion-dollar race to build the next generation battery for power companies and home storage.
From liquid air to supercapacitors, energy storage is finally poised for a breakthrough Read more
Arpa-E was founded in 2009 under Barack Obama's economic recovery plan to fund early stage research into the generation and storage of energy.
Such projects, or so-called moonshots, were widely seen as too risky for regular investors, but – if they succeed – could potentially be game-changing.
Many of the projects fostered by the agency were already in sight of getting funding, Williams said. Several have now secured private sector follow-on funding. Others are being taken up by the State Department or the Pentagon, she said.
But the biggest breakthrough is in the area of energy storage. “I think that's one area where we have delivered big time,” Williams told the Guardian.
The battery storage systems developed with Arpa-E's support are on the verge of transforming America's electrical grid, a transformation that could unfold within the next five to 10 years, Williams said.
The most promising developments are in the realm of large-scale energy storage systems, which electricity companies need to put in place to bring more solar and wind power on to the grid.
She said projects funded by Arpa-E had the potential to transform utility-scale storage, and expand the use of micro-grids by the military and for disaster relief. Projects were also developing faster and more efficient super conductors, and relying on new materials beyond current lithium-ion batteries.
The companies incubated at Arpa-E have developed new designs for batteries, and new chemistries, which are rapidly bringing down the costs of energy storage, she said.
“Our battery teams have developed new approaches to grid-scale batteries and moved them out,” Williams said. Three companies now have batteries on the market, selling grid-scale and back-up batteries. Half a dozen other companies are developing new batteries, she added.
Williams was speaking on the sidelines of Arpa-E's annual gathering of researchers and investors this week.
Arpa-E has been upbeat in the past about emerging technologies. But researchers have struggled and failed to replicate such successes at greater scale and lower cost outside the research lab - a challenge Gates describes as the valley of death for innovation.
The agency, until now, has focused on funding early-stage research – turning projects around every three years – a faster clip than academia but still longer than private investors.
But Ernie Moniz, the energy secretary, said this week he was seeking to expand Arpa-E's mission, in the light of a commitment from the US and 19 other governments on the sidelines of the Paris climate summit to double clean energy research funding over the next five years.
In a parallel initiative, Gates and two dozen other billionaires have committed to spend $2bn on energy research.
In addition to energy storage, the agency is backing researchers trying to find a faster system of tracing natural gas leaks – and so reduce the risks of a massive leak like the one just plugged in California.
Other Arpa-E backed researchers are using robots and drones to breed better biofuels, focusing on sorghum. Another team is responding to the risk of drought by working on industrial cooling systems that do not rely on water. Researchers are also working with the US military on low-energy air conditioning for battlefield conditions.
But Williams said she anticipates many more projects will focus on exercising more personal control of energy use, especially through the internet.
“We want power to be easy,” she said. “So I think one of the things that we will see in the next five to 10 years is a whole set of ideas about the internet of things starts[ing] to develop in ways to make it easier, or even make it fun, for people to optimise their energy use.”
On Twitter, it's one rule for celebrities and another for the plebs. An assistant on Community creator Dan Harmon's podcast was recently unsuspended by the social network despite repeatedly telling people he disagreed with to kill themselves.
This was a cut-and-dry violation of Twitter's rules against online abuse, which are strictly enforced against ordinary users on the platform.
Spencer Crittenden, who leads the Dungeons & Dragons segments on Harmon's podcast, Harmontown, was suspended from Twitter yesterday after telling a number of GamerGate supporters to kill themselves. However, after an intervention from the eponymous podcast's creator, Dan Harmon, a Twitter employee quickly reinstated his account.
Crittenden began tweeting about GamerGate during a conversation with British comedian Graham Linehan, whose own angry Twitter antics have been covered by Breitbart before. After repeatedly telling GamerGate supporters to kill themselves, Crittenden's account was suspended.
Twitter's rules explicitly forbid encouraging violence against other users, as well as encouragement of self-harm. Other users, such as former Daily Caller writer Chuck Johnson, have been permanently suspended merely for using violence as a metaphor. Crittenden, unsurprisingly, was quickly suspended from Twitter.
But his suspension did not last long. Despite his clear violation of Twitter's terms of service, Crittenden's podcast colleague, Community creator Dan Harmon, quickly intervened on his behalf, asking Twitter to reinstate his account. Harmon claimed that Crittenden's tirade followed 48 hours of back-and-forth with GamerGate supporters, although screenshots show that Crittenden began telling people to kill themselves just over an hour after he began discussing the anti-authoritarian gamers' hashtag.
https://twitter.com/danharmon/status/672264340213358592
>48 hours Total time elapsed, from Spencer's first mention of #GamerGate to his first "kill yourself" tweet: 1h15m. pic.twitter.com/wPv6M4wrSP — Best Mom Eva (@mombot) December 3, 2015
However, even fans of Harmontown objected to Crittenden's behaviour. The most popular post on the podcast's fan community on Reddit fanpage said Crittenden's tweets were “pretty immature” and suggested Twitter were within their rights to suspend him. “Telling someone to kill themselves is the intellectual equivalent of plugging your ears and going LALALALA” said another.
Crittenden himself was unapologetic. “If I honestly think someone should kill themselves, what's bad about voicing this?” he asked his fans on Reddit. “I hold the belief that souls so tortured that they contort reality and inflict their suffering on innocent people would be better served by peaceably ceasing to exist than they would be by continuing to live and suffer and make others suffer. I feel this way about hate groups like the kkk, terrorists and those who commit violent atrocities.”
Despite this, Twitter reacted quickly and acquiescently to Harmon's demand that his colleague be reinstated. Despite being told that Crittenden had been telling other users on the platform to kill themselves, Twitter employee Ran Magen reassured Harmon that they would “get it fixed.” Crittenden's account was reinstated shortly afterwards, although Magen set his own account to “protected” after facing a storm of criticism from GamerGate supporters and other Twitter users.
Under pressure from progressive “anti-abuse” activists, Twitter has ostensibly taken a stringent approach to online harassment on its platform in recent years. However, many have accused the social network of being one-sided. Blogging pioneer Andrew Sullivan noted last year that Twitter brazenly invited politically biased organisations to take a privileged position in its user suspension process, and took a heavier-handed approach to conservative rule violators than progressive ones.
Coinciding with the rapid reinstatement of Crittenden's account was the suspension of the 7-year old account of videographer Michael Deppisch, after an argument with pro-choice celebrity Margaret Cho. After Cho suggested abortions simply removed “clumps of cells,” Deppisch contended, ““You're just a ‘bunch of cells' too. Does that mean we should abort you next?” Soon after, he was suspended. His account has not been restored.
More recently, Twitter has has come under fire from users for its new mandatory content filter, announced in April. The filter automatically blocks ‘abusive' tweets from reaching users, without their consent. Suspicions of hidden censorship were also stoked this October, when links to a leaked document containing information about a secret U.S. drone program were blocked on the platform, although a Twitter spokesperson claimed it was a bug.
Follow Allum Bokhari @LibertarianBlue on Twitter, and download Milo Alert! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles.
RT has spoken to Malalai Joya, a former Afghan MP and human rights activist, who has been fiercely criticizing the current regime and the occupational force for "throwing Afghans from the frying pan into the fire".
She says her country is suffering from three evils at the moment: overwhelming corruption of the regime, indiscriminate violence of the occupational force and regional warlords whose actions differ little from those of the Taliban.
“These fundamentalist warlords are mentally the same as the Taliban. They were in power before the domination of the Taliban and in Kabul alone they killed more than 65,000 innocent people. They destroyed our national unity… They committed many crimes against our people similar to the Taliban. And with their bloody hands, but under a mask of democracy they came in power after 9/11, imposed on our people,” she said.
Joya says the US troops may enforce some positive change wherever they are in control, but in the provinces the situation is very bad. The major failure of the occupation strategy is that it does not help ordinary Afghans, rather it alienates them.
“I think people of the US and around the world agree with my people that democracy never comes by occupation. Democracy never comes by military invasion. Democracy never comes by cluster bombs, by white phosphorus, by massacre, by bombing out wedding parties,” she said.
The keys to change for Afghanistan are education for the people and real justice, the activist says.
“Education is the key regarding resistance of the Afghan people against occupation and against ignorance. And democracy without justice is meaningless,” Joya believes.
Jonathan Karl Watchdogs: ABC "in danger of losing a lot of credibility" on Benghazi saga After inaccurate reporting transformed the trajectory of the story, the network doubles down and denies culpability
After ABC News' Jonathan Karl issued a brief statement yesterday -- that stopped short of an apology -- regarding his hyped-up report of Obama administration emails on Benghazi, which he falsely claimed to have "obtained" and "reviewed," media watchdogs are not satisfied that Karl has owned up to his mistake.
To review, Karl erroneously reported that he'd personally seen emails that showed national security adviser Ben Rhodes seeming to intervene on behalf of the State Department in a turf battle with the CIA -- but the actual emails (uncovered by CNN's Jake Tapper) revealed Rhodes did not mention the State Department at all. It was later shown that Karl had not actually obtained or reviewed the emails, but he and the network stood by his reporting and story, anyway. Karl did not show up on ABC's "This Week" on Sunday to address the issue but instead released a terse statement to CNN doubling down on his contention that the story was solid.
Advertisement:
If ABC is standing by the story, said Kelly McBride, who teaches journalism ethics at the Poynter Institue, then they need to explain in detail which parts of the story are rescuable and which are not. "I think they're in danger of losing a lot of credibility because they can't say here's what we got right and why we got it right, and that's really what they should be doing," she said an interview with Salon.
"It is my belief this latest statement from Karl confuses rather than clarifies. Ethical transparency is not being achieved," Tim McGuire, a journalism professor at Arizona State University and a former president of the American Society of Newspaper Editors, told Salon in an email.
In his brief statement to CNN, Karl said the story "still entirely stands." But as Josh Marshall wrote today, "This is simply false. Folks on either side can disagree over how much it changed the story. But you can't have a major part of the story be false and have the story ‘entirely stand.'"
Fred Brown, who sits on the Society of Professional Journalists' Ethics Committee and teaches at the University of Denver (he literally wrote the book on this), told Salon that ABC News should have been more forthcoming more quickly after they realized that they had been played by a source. "You have and obligation to come clean as soon as possible," he said in an interview.
Brown added that they should have revealed more information about their source in the first place so readers would have been better informed about possible motivations. This doesn't necessarily mean eliminating anonymity entirely, though that's ideal, but knowing that it came from Republicans would be helpful, he said. "The more information the better."
Rick Rockwell, who teaches journalism ethics and is the director of the International Media School at American University, told Salon that professional ethics codes dictate that reporters "be accountable for what we write, not defensive."
Advertisement:
"Getting ABC to those admissions that they followed a sloppy process in the construction of their flawed exclusive revealed the network to be reluctant when it comes to following the ethical path," said Rockwell, who once worked for ABC News himself.
Jay Rosen, a prominent media commentator and a journalism professor at New York University also criticized Karl and ABC for "obfuscating" and failing to take the issue seriously. "Jon Karl has dragged the entire news division at ABC (and now George Stephanopoulos) into his self-dug pit. He got played. His colleagues at other news organizations know it. His friends at the network, were they real friends, would try to talk him out of this disastrous state of denial," Rosen wrote on his blog.
Every expert we spoke with preached a doctrine of transparency. Mistakes happen, but audiences expect journalists to be up front about them and provide as much information as possible about what went wrong as soon as possible. ABC failed to do that here, they said.
Could showing how the sausage is made undermine public trust in the media? Maybe, but "I don't think it's possible for the public to think less of us in journalism," McBride quipped. Indeed, Americans are not too fond of the mainstream media, and sometimes it's not hard to see why.
This is a surprise to absolutely no one who has followed Bryan Fuller's comments about Star Trek in the past, but a ton of outlets are now confirming that the new show will have a female lead.
Both TV Line and Variety have sources saying that CBS is still in the process of casting the role for Star Trek: Discovery, which is set to debut on CBS All Access early next year. Deadline goes a bit further, saying that the character will “likely” be nonwhite.
Advertisement
All of this is in keeping with everything showrunner Bryan Fuller has said in the past. At one point, before he was in charge, he said he wanted to cast Angela Bassett as a Starfleet captain. And Rosario Dawson as the first officer. He's also promised, repeatedly, to keep the progressive history of the show alive.
This is everything we could want from Bryan Fuller's Star Trek and we hope for even more information in the coming months.
Update 8:30: At the TCA panel for the show, as reported by TV Line, Fuller confirmed more details about the new show. For one, there will be “few more aliens than you normally” have in Star Trek. For another, he confirmed the speculation that the show would take place before The Original Series but after Enterprise. Fuller added that there would “absolutely” be a gay character and more sex than seen on one of these shows. He also strongly hinted that Amanda Grayson, Spock's human mother, would show up.
Advertisement
IGN clarifies the timeline somewhat, saying that Discovery would be set about ten years before Kirk and co.'s five year mission. Also, the new main character is female, but isn't a captain. So could be getting the “lower decks” show—i.e. one about Starfleet officers that aren't the bridge crew—that's been rumored? Seems to be the case.
This is so expected. First, the “gay pride” flag was flown over the U.S. Embassy in Madrid. Then it was Israel's turn to hoist the rainbow ensign over the embassy in Tel Aviv. Now, Secretary of State John Kerry will appoint an LGBT special envoy.
State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said US Secretary of State John Kerry would “soon” make the appointment. “It will be an openly gay foreign service officer. We don't have a finalized name yet. But we will announce soon,” Harf said.
Resume qualifications for this position: be openly gay. It's not like there's any discrimination going on here. There's no irony at all that the State Department will require a particular gender preference combination for a job, but if a job posting ever said “heteronormative pale penis people only”, a hurricane of Title VII lawsuits would proceed from the liberal camp. Maybe Jesse Ventura or Chuck Norris should apply for the position, and when denied on the basis of “not being gay”, hit State with a discrimination lawsuit.
When The Times of Israel asked Ms. Harf* what, specifically, an LGBT envoy would do, in relation to, say, the same-sex marriage referendum on the ballot for Valentine's Day in Slovakia, she delivered this non-sequitur: “The US doesn't take a position on the issue of same-sex marriage in other countries.” I'd laugh if my palm wasn't over my face.
Message to the world from the Obama administration: burn, kill, and behead your enemies all you like; oppress the weak, take their land and displace them; steal and pillage with impunity. But don't mess with gay rights or climate change, because those are our President's strategic imperatives.
*Marie Harf is Jen Psaki's assistant at State, a woman who Rush Limbaugh called “indescribable”. Quoting Rush:
Published on March 3, 2010 in
Infographics are visual illustrations communicating information by means of signs, symbols, icons, maps and diagrams. When these graphics are animated they can be used to represent complex situations and tell stories, or they can address social comment, satire and subversion. At their best, infographics in motion can be informative, involving, funny and at times surprisingly touching. This post brings together fourteen examples of these stunning animations.
This is a truly awesome infographic animation revealing the scale of the known universe in relation to our home planet. Astrophysicists at the American Museum of Natural History have mapped and constantly update and maintain the Digital Universe Atlas, a four-dimensional map of the cosmos, created using the latest scientific data. Based on this map, the movie takes the viewer on a mesmerising voyage from the Himalayas to the furthest reaches of known space and time, with every galaxy, star, planet, moon and satellite accurately scaled and positioned according to current knowledge.
In this animation the credit crunch is explained in simple steps with informative narration and crisp graphics. Jonathan Jarvis' film does what the best Infographics can achieve: distil a complex situation and represent it in an accessible manner.
This charming animation considers the worries of growing up, and reassures that the wonders of growing and life's surprises are really nothing to fear.
Melih Bilgil's animated documentary succinctly explains the development of the Internet using clear PICOL (Pictorial Communication Language) icons. The graphics and narration explain the military, scientific and economic origins of the Internet and the evolution and architecture of information networks.
This film offers an overview of modern mankind's addiction to oil, looking at the source of the fuel, the economics of its trade, and the social implications of dwindling supply and increasing prices. Chris Weller's beautifully designed animations are juxtaposed with archive footage to explain the story.
These two videos show mobile and web activity on the New York Time's website over 24 hours, compressed into a minute and a half of animation. In one video, a map represents USA; the other shows the entire world. Coloured circles represent web traffic on 25th June 2009, which happened to be the day that Michael Jackson died. The videos create a sense of the world gradually waking and working as the light intensity varies across the maps.
Ghandi stated that ‘an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind', and this animation shows the effects of strike and counter strike in contemporary ‘asymmetrical' warfare. The film uses infographics and retro computer game-style imagery and sound to tell the story of events since the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York.
Swedish designer Tomas Nilsson has created an animated movie retelling the tale of Little Red Riding Hood using the visual style of the infographic genre. The film is crammed with useful data boxes explaining such information as the price of a hunting outfit and a breakdown of the nutritional values of Grandmother.
This is a slightly alarming film on the subject of nuclear weapons. The graphics explain the distribution of the world's atomic arsenal, and speculate on the effects of a nuclear attack in New York.
This short animation explains the natural phenomenon of Tsunamis. Despite the sombre subject matter, the graphics are entertaining and pleasingly drawn, and the film concludes that Tsunami detection systems should be in widespread use.
This animation tells the story of one man's epic journey from bed to airport, the flight and touchdown, and onwards on his travels by bus and taxi. The film is created entirely from the symbols found within airport signage, and cleverly captures the experience of modern aviation travel using this visual language.
In this animation, the economics of USA's military adventures in Iraq are given the infographic treatment, with the calculations broken down into ten simple steps. The finances may have been simplified somewhat to cram into the film's short length, but the graphics and the figures involved are simply dizzying.
This beautifully crafted three-dimensional infographic animation uses a tabletop setting to explain the Canadian food market and encourage viewers to eat local produce.
John Kelly's fantastic animation details the methods, perils and pleasures of procrastination, employing numerous visual techniques. The film itself offers the viewer four informative minutes of idle procrastination.
Pink Floyd-Dark Side of the Moon CD
Mysteries of the CD Masterings
by Vernon Fitch *** © copyright Vernon Fitch / The Pink Floyd Archives 2008-2010 ***
*** originally published on the Steve Hoffman forum on August 11, 2008 *** © copyright 2008-2009
Here is a listing of the different Dark Side of the Moon CD masterings. I've grouped them into 11 different masterings, based upon release dates, matrix information, and EAC readings. The majority of the mastering changes were done during the sound mastering, although I would not discount that one or two may have been the result of production mastering.
The Dark Side of the Moon CD masterings
1) Mastering Number 1 – Sony (Japan) Mastering
Track Peak Levels: 39.9 / 43.3 / 70.1 / 55.2 / 72.3 / 44.5 / 53.9 / 54.6 / 61.2
The very first mastering of Dark Side of the Moon for compact disc. Believed to be done by Sony Records in Japan in the spring of 1983. This mastering was used to produce the very first copies of Dark Side of the Moon on CD, which were Japanese releases with the catalog number CP35-3017 and a black triangle on the label, and a matrix number that did not include a “TO.” These early Dark Side CDs were pressed by CBS / Sony Records at their CD manufacturing plant in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan for EMI Records. EMI did not have a CD pressing plant in operation at the time, so they outsourced the manufacturing of the CDs to CBS / Sony (keep in mind that these early Sony pressings still say Toshiba/EMI on the labels).
It is believed that this mastering was made from a 15ips reel-to-reel tape copy of the master tape that had been sent to Japan to produce the Dark Side Of The Moon-EMI/Toshiba Records Pro-Use Series vinyl LP album, which was the last vinyl pressing of Dark Side in Japan.
Known releases of mastering #1:
Australia first issue - Harvest Records, 7 46001-2, CD made in Japan
Japan first issue - EMI Records, catalog number CP35-3017, first pressings by CBS/Sony, indicated by no “TO” in the matrix
U.K. first issue - Harvest Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, black Harvest label, Made in Japan on label, matrix has CP35-3017 with no “TO”
U.S. issues:
First issue - Harvest Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, black Harvest label, Made in Japan on label, CP35-3017 in the matrix
Second issue - Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, black Harvest label, Made in Japan on label, CP35-3017 TO in the matrix*
Third issue - Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, silver label, Made in USA on label, TO J in the matrix*
Fourth issue - Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, silver label, Made in USA on label, CP35-3017 TO J in the matrix*
* Note: It is interesting to note that the 2nd through 4th U.S. issues of Dark Side of the Moon were pressed by the Toshiba/EMI pressing plant in Japan (as indicated by the “TO” in the matrix). Yet these pressings use the 1st (Sony) mastering of the album. It is believed that the Toshiba/EMI plant in Japan began operations in late 1985/early 1986, and began pressing Dark Side with the Sony mastering until a new master by EMI (master #3 in this listing) was created in late 1986. Once EMI had made their own master (#3), all pressings of Dark Side used the EMI master.
2) Mastering Number 2 – Sony (U.S.) Mastering?
Track Peak Levels: 46.8 / 48.2 / 49.3 / 51.0 / 72.5 / 63.3 / 67.1 / 58.8 / 62.7
The very first compact disc manufacturing plant that was built in the U.S. was the Digital Audio Disc Corporation [Sony DADC] plant in Terre Haute, Indiana, which opened May 2, 1983, with commercial CD production at the plant starting in September 1984. Early copies of Dark Side of the Moon that were pressed at this plant had a unique mastering. This mastering may have been done by Sony DADC in the U.S. as this mastering is unique to these U.S. pressing. This mastering was never issued outside the U.S.
Known releases of mastering #2:
U.S. issues:
Fifth & Sixth U.S. issues - Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, Silver label, DIDX-226 in the matrix, and Made in USA - Digital Audio Disc Corp. imprinted on the plastic hub.
Seventh & Eighth U.S. issues - Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, Silver label, matrix number: C 246001 01! MADE IN the USA BY PDO - this issue is a pressing by Philips DuPont Optical, at its Kings Mt., North Carolina manufacturing facility that was opened in late 1986. These are the first PDO U.S. pressings which used the Sony (U.S.) master.
3) Mastering Number 3 – EMI (U.K.) Mastering - the first EMI mastering of the album
Track Peak Levels: 87.8 / 94.7 / 100 / 97.2 / 100 / 99.1 / 100 / 96.1 / 100
On May 15, 1986, EMI Records opened its first CD manufacturing plant in the U.K. at its VHD facility in Greenbridge, Swindon, England. Prior to this facility opening, EMI Records had used outside companies to master their CDs for them. But with its own production facility in operation, a new mastering of Dark Side of the Moon was done. It is believed to have been done at the EMI facility in Swindon. This mastering was the very first "EMI" mastering of Dark Side of the Moon for compact disc, and is thus referred to as EMI revision 0.
One of the most common masterings of Dark Side of the Moon found on CD.
Known releases of mastering #3:
Australia second issue - Harvest Records, 7 46001-2, CD made in Japan
Italy - The first Italian issues use this mastering.
Japan second issue - EMI Records, catalog number CP35-3017, second pressings by Toshiba/EMI Records, indicated by a “TO” in the matrix
Japan Toshiba-EMI Records 3rd issue - Eternity Gold Edition, CP43-5771
Netherlands – The first Dutch pressings of Dark Side were made from this mastering.
U.S. issues:
Ninth, Tenth & Eleventh U.S. issues - Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, Silver label, CAPITOL JAX in the matrix (indicating that this was pressed at the Capitol Records manufacturing plant in Jacksonville, Illinois, which opened in 1987).
U.K. Second issue - Harvest Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, black Harvest label, Made in Japan on label, CP35-3017 in the matrix, pressing by Toshiba/EMI Records - indicated by a “TO” in the matrix*
* Note: It is important to note that the second U.S. issue of Dark Side of the Moon with a black Harvest label and a “TO” in the matrix is made from the first (Sony) mastering, while the second U.K. issue of Dark Side of the Moon with a black Harvest label and a “TO” in the matrix was made from the third (EMI) mastering.
West Germany – all the West German pressings of Dark Side of the Moon use the first EMI mastering
4) Mastering Number 4 – EMI (U.K.) Mastering?
Track Peak Levels: 87.5 / 95.4 / 100 / 100 / 100 / 92.0 / 99.1 / 91.4 / 100
These peak level readings are found on early Australian issues of Dark Side of the Moon. Believed to be the first EMI mastering, with levels altered slightly during production mastering.
Known releases of mastering #4:
Australia third issue - EMI Music Group Australasia, 746001-2, DISCTRONICS USA
5) Mastering Number 5 – EMI (U.K.) Mastering?
Track Peak Levels: 85.8 / 92.5 / 97.7 / 95.0 / 97.7 / 96.8 / 97.7 / 93.9 / 97.7
These peak level readings are found on early Austrian pressed issues of Dark Side of the Moon. Believed to be the first EMI mastering, with levels altered during production mastering.
Known releases of mastering #5:
Austria issue - EMI Records, CDP 7 46001 2, DADC AUSTRIA
6) Mastering Number 6 – EMI Mastering – EMI revision level 1
Track Peak Levels: 83.8 / 90.4 / 95.5 / 92.8 / 95.5 / 94.6 / 95.5 / 91.7 / 95.5
A revised mastering was done of Dark Side of the Moon by EMI Records in the late 1980s. Possibly done at by EMI at their Jacksonville U.S. plant??? Or perhaps done by EMI Canada? Appears to be unique to North America. This new EMI mastering can be identified by a RE1 (indicating revision level 1) in the matrix.
Known releases of mastering #6:
Canada - The first pressings of Dark Side of the Moon in Canada by DISQUE AMERIC CANADA use this mastering.
U.S. issues:
Twelfth U.S. issue - Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, Silver label, matrix number: C 246001 02% MADE IN the USA BY PDO - another pressing by Philips DuPont Optical, at its Kings Mt., North Carolina manufacturing facility. However, this pressing, with 02% in the matrix, now uses the EMI mastering.
Thirteenth & Fourteenth U.S. issues - Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, Silver label, CAPITOL JAX in the matrix. The matrix has RE1 in it.
7) Mastering Number 7 – Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab mastering
Track Peak Levels: 29.3 / 34.1 / 39.2 / 40.3 / 41.5 / 56.3 / 49.2 / 57.8 / 52.9 / 60.0
In 1988, Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab, a high-end audio company got permission to produce Dark Side of the Moon on compact disc, using the original master tape as the mastering source. It is believed that this was the first time that the original master tape was used as the mastering source.
In April 1988, MFSL released, under license from EMI/Harvest Records, the Dark Side of the Moon UlrtraDisc CD, which was based on a completely new mastering done by Mobile Fidelity. These UltaDisc CDs were pressed by Ultech in Japan for MFSL. In 1993, MFSL released an UltraDisc II version of the MFSL mastered Dark Side of the Moon CD. This UltraDisc II used the same mnastering as the UltraDisc. It was first manufactured by Zomax Optical in Plymouth, Minnesota, and then later by JVC in Japan.
Known releases of mastering #7:
MFSL UltraDisc, catalog number UDCD 517
MFSL UltraDisc II, catalog number UDCD 517
8) Mastering Number 8 – Columbia Records mastering for Shine On box set
Track Peak Levels: 35.0 / 69.5 / 69.9 / 77.7 / 75.8 / 94.2 / 70.4 / 91.2 / 75.5 / 83.2
In 1992, it was decided to include Dark Side of the Moon in the Shine on Box Set. This box set was a nine CD box set with a 112 page hardcover book on the history of the band. The box set was issued by Columbia Records in the U.S., and apparently Columbia Records did not use the EMI masterings of the EMI discs that were to be included in the box set, so they did masterings of their own.
This unique Dark Side of the Moon mastering is only found in the Shine On box set.
Known releases of mastering #8:
U.S. issue - Shine On box set, Columbia Records, catalog number CXK 53180-S1, released November 17, 1992
U.K. issue - slightly different peak readings, although believed to be the same sound masterings as the U.S. box set.
9) Mastering Number 9 – EMI 20th anniversary mastering – EMI revision level 2
Track Peak Levels: 67.9 / 69.1 / 76.9 / 75 / 96.8 / 69.6 / 89.3 / 75.7 / 82.5
In 1993, on the twentieth anniversary of the original release of Dark Side of the Moon, a new mastering of the album was done for CD release by Doug Sax. This new mastering was first issued in a special black box with five cards inside. The new remastered CDs also were given a new look, with a prism etched into the CD label.
Known releases of mastering #9:
Australia issue - EMI Music Group Australasia, 7 81479 2, pressed by EMI SWINDON
Canada - The second Canadian issues use this mastering.
Italy - EMI Records, 0777 7 46001 2 5, EMI SWINDON
Japan - Toshiba-EMI Records 4th issue - 20th Anniversary Edition, TOCP-7776, TOCP-7652, TOCP-8794, TOCP-65559, TOCP-65740, TOCP-67914, TOCP-53807 (still the current mastering being used in Japan)
Netherlands - EMI Records, 0777 78 147923
U.S. issues:
Twentieth Anniversary Edition CD, Capitol Records, catalog number C21X-81479, special edition in black box.
1993 reissue, Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 7 46001 2, silver label with etched prism, matrix has RE2 in it.
1994 reissue, Capitol Records, catalog number CDP 0777 7 46001 2 5, this release, with the RE2 mastering, was given a new catalog number and a picture label on the CD, matrix has RE-2 in it.
U.K. - EMI Records, 0777 7 81479 2 3, EMI SWINDON
10) Mastering Number 10 – EMI 30th anniversary mastering for SACD issue – EMI revision level 3
Track Peak Levels: 34.4 / 92.4 / 92.0 / 93.0 / 92.7 / 100 / 84.3 / 100 / 100 / 100
In 2003, for the 30th anniversary of the release of Dark Side of the Moon, it was decided to do a special 5.1 channel remix of the album for release on SACD by James Guthrie. This special release also included a stereo remix of the album. Since the EAC software does not read 5.1 SACD layers, the track level reading above are those of the standard stereo layer on the CD.
Known releases of mastering #10:
Australia issue - EMI Records, 7243 582136 2 1
European Union - 2008 remastered issue (current issue)
Italy - 2008 remastered issue (current issue)
Japan - Toshiba-EMI Records, TOGP 15001
Netherlands - This was also issued as an EU release.
U.S. issue - Capitol Records 30th Anniversary SACD, catalog number CDP 7243 5 82136 2 1 (first issues were pressed in the U.S. These had problems so manufacturing was shifted to Japan)
U.K. - EMI Records, 7243 582136 2 1
11) Mastering Number 11 – EMI (Uden) mastering for the European market – EMI revision level 4
Track Peak Levels: Track Peak Levels: 87.8 / 94.7 / 100 / 97.2 / 100 / 99.1 / 97.7 / 93.9 / 97.7
In 2002, EMI began manufacturing all its CDs for the European market, including all U.K. releases, at its plant in Uden, Netherlands. The new pressings are noted on the outside as E.U. (European Union) releases. And the latest release of Dark Side of the Moon produced in Uden has yet another mastering. This could possibly be EMI revision level four for those of you keeping count!
Known releases of mastering #11:
Argentina - EMI Records 1994 reissue, catalog number 7243 8 29752 2 9
China - EMI China, catalog number A3109, the Chinese release of Dark Side of the Moon on CD in 2005 used this mastering
Italy - 1994 remastered issue
European Union - EMI Records, catalog number 7243 8 29752 2 9, IFPI code in matrix is AAH
Over 35 years have passed since the release of Dark Side of the Moon, and 25 have gone by since it was first placed onto compact disc. As far as I can tell, there are eleven different CD masterings of the album. Most of these are out of print and can be found only from Collectible Shops.
It is interesting that if one were to purchase Dark Side of the Moon today, you can still buy the SACD issue, plus a standard stereo issue.
If you buy the latest issue in the United States, you will be buying mastering number 9, the twentieth anniversary mastering of the album in a standard jewel case, which is now being pressed by Cinram International in Richmond, Indiana.
If you purchase the latest issue in Europe, you will be buying mastering number 10.
If you purchase the latest issue in Japan, you will be buying mastering number 9.
The pressing numbers were taken from my Pink Floyd Discographies Page. All of this information and more, including worldwide releases, pressing information, matrix numbers, and more can be found on The Pink Floyd Discographies Page.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 21, 2015, 10:25 PM GMT By Alex Johnson
A former Secret Service special agent who helped bring down Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht will plead guilty to skimming hundreds of thousands of dollars in bitcoin and routing the money to his own accounts, according to federal court documents.
Shaun W. Bridges, a computer crime expert, was part of the Secret Service task force that dug up the evidence that led to charges against Ulbricht and the shutdown in 2013 of Silk Road, the underground online black market he ran. Ulbricht eventually was convicted of narcotics trafficking, computer hacking, running a criminal enterprise and money laundering and was sentenced to life in prison last month.
But Bridges dug up more than just evidence, according to a criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco.
Credit: Marvel
Kamala Khan's days as a superhero only recently began, but Marvel has just announced their end -- and hers -- in a Secret Wars tie-in arc.
The Ms. Marvel series will begin a Secret Wars tie-in arc beginning with June's #16, according to ComicBook. As part of the "Last Days" umbrella of titles, this Ms. Marvel arc promises to see Khan living out her final days as the Marvel universe as we know it comes to an end.
"When the world is coming to an end, do you accept that it's over…or do you keep fighting for those you love?" says G. Willow Wilson, the title's writer. "When losing is inevitable, how do you define yourself? In the 'Last Days' story arc, Kamala has to grapple with the end of everything she knows, and discover what it means to be a hero when your whole world is on the line."
Wilson will be rejoined for this Ms. Marvel arc by original series artist Adrian Alphona after several issues by other artists.
"[Kamala] will face a very personal enemy as the chaos in Manhattan spills over into Jersey City," Wilson tells ComicBook, "and she will be forced to make some very difficult choices. There will also be a very special guest appearance by a superhero Kamala--and the fans--have been waiting to meet for a long time. The end of the world has never been this exciting."
A kidnapping near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border. A conservative TV talk show host. A medical consultant trying to improve health care in the U.S. An Afghani Muslim living in London. If the subjects in playwright David Ian Lee's "Sleeper" seem to be ripped from the headlines, that's OK with Available Light Theatre.
A kidnapping near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border. A conservative TV talk show host. A medical consultant trying to improve health care in the U.S. An Afghani Muslim living in London. If the subjects in playwright David Ian Lee's "Sleeper" seem to be ripped from the headlines, that's OK with Available Light Theatre.
"Last year, in planning for this season, the AVLT company members read about 30 plays, and we were becoming really dismayed," recalled Artistic Director Matt Slaybaugh. "Everything we were reading was so conventional and stultifying."
"Sleeper" was different. "It's an emotionally powerful play that asks difficult questions," said Slaybaugh, who's directing the Available Light production. "All of those themes are present in the very human stories David is telling, … but really it's a play about the mixed blessings of families, the difficulties of love and marriage, and the quests that all these characters are on for better, more meaningful lives."
Lee structured "Sleeper" into two acts. The first involves 20 characters in 18 brief scenes. The second concentrates on five characters dealing with the aftermath of Act One.
Slaybaugh said the cast savors the play's "juicy dialogue … sharp one-liners and fiery speeches and complex arguments driven by passionate needs and wants."
Consider "Sleeper" Available Light's antidote to convention and stultification.
Two German doctors presented case studies today suggesting that chewing too much sugar-free gum could lead to extreme weight loss of up to 20% of a person's normal body weight.
The work, which appears in the journal BMJ, consists of two case studies (pdf). In the first, a 21-year old woman reported experiencing severe diarrhea four to twelve times per day. She'd lost 11 kilograms and had a body mass index of 16.6, substantially below normal. Patient interviews revealed she was chewing about 15 pieces of sugar free gum per day. She stopped chewing the gum and her symptoms disappeared. A middle aged man had similar symptoms and the same miraculous weight-gain upon cessation of gum chewing.
Given that most weight-loss drugs have a difficult time producing one-pound per week weight loss, you might think the scientists would trumpet these findings as a prelude to the newest blockbuster pharmaceutical. But sadly, the drop in pounds was the result of diarrhea and other bowel-trouble caused by ingesting too much sorbitol, a common sweetener that has laxative properties at high dosages.
As John Clemens, a UCLA professor told WebMD about sorbitol, "The laxative effect is very well documented," he said.
"We would not expect the average consumer to consume upwards of 20 sticks of gum a day."
That might have been true before these findings, but now, I expect to add at least 15 sticks of chewing gum to my diet per hamburger eaten. Hey, laxatives worked for the guys on my high school's wrestling team.
UPDATE (2:45pm): Commenter Andrew points out, "It's funny because I jus watched a "House" episode where a woman ran into this particular laxative effect because of her gum haha." To wit: Episode #206, which aired November 15, 2005, proving that science sometimes imitates Brian Singer. Also, we're kidding–laxative abuse is dangerous–so don't really try this at home.
Image: Flickr/sexindirtywater
Steamed Steamed is dedicated to all things in and around Valve's PC gaming service.
One game. Six overtimes. 88 goddamn rounds. Consensus says it's the longest single game of pro Counter-Strike: Global Offensive ever.
It was supposed to be a one-sided mismatch. exceL eSports, a team that some felt didn't even deserve to be competing in the ESL UK Premiership, was matched against Team XENEX, a UK team of much better renown. People figured it'd be quick—and probably a little ugly.
(This is only part of the overtime portion of the game. You can watch the entire thing on this Twitch page.)
What happened instead was one of the longest knock-down, drag-out back-and-forths in Counter-Strike history, and the longest in pro Counter-Strike: Global Offensive history. As UKCSGO explained:
“Opening up on the [counterterrorist] side, XENEX went on to take the half with a five round lead of exceL, who had managed to take five rounds of their own during the half. Whilst this is a typical score for an Inferno clash, the odds were stacked heavily in favour of XENEX who would have been aiming for a greater advantage. This was no great worry for the XENEX side though, who began to rack up the terrorist rounds for themselves and bring the score to a comforting 14-8. At this stage in the game, something must have clicked for the exceL camp, who managed to take hold of 5 consecutive rounds before any sort of response from XENEX, who eventually led the game 15-13. Just two more rounds from exceL eSports saw the game lead into what would become the longest games of Counter Strike in memory.”
Back and forth and back and forth and back and forth. Neither team could pull ahead definitively, enough to be declared the winner. The game was a nail-biter that ended up going for nearly three hours—resolve-whittling ages in a tense, methodical game like Counter-Strike. But that wasn't what sealed it so much as it was the fact that Counter-Strike isn't designed for such lengthy games. Every player exceeded 50 kills, buy rounds (and really, the entire Counter-Strike meta) went haywire.
Advertisement
Eventually, XENEX took it, but exceL proved they could dance with the big(ger) boys and keep them on their toes the whole time. Oh, and then there was an entire second game after that, because pro Counter-Strike: Global Offensive works on a best-of-three system. The whole series lasted more than four hours. So yeah: grueling.
Still, it's interesting to see both a game and its players taken to the limits like this. And while there have been longer pro play times in games like StarCraft, this was definitely one of the more entertaining Longest Matches Ever. Bravo to all involved, and may angels who only get aces sing of their deeds in Counter-Strike valhalla.
You're reading Steamed, Kotaku's page dedicated to all things in and around Valve's stupidly popular PC gaming service. Games, culture, community creations, criticism, guides, videos—everything. If you've found anything cool/awful on Steam, send us an email to let us know.
Advertisement
To contact the author of this post, write to nathan.grayson@kotaku.com or find him on Twitter @vahn16.
AUGUSTA, Maine — A citizen-led effort to legalize recreational marijuana is on track to take effect Jan. 30 but lawmakers are considering a proposal to delay it while changes are considered.
On Saturday, Gov. Paul LePage signed a proclamation that made passage of the referendum official, which triggered a 30-day timeframe for pot to be legal on Jan. 30. However, LePage and other lawmakers, including Republican Senate President Mike Thibodeau, harbor reservations about whether the initiative is ready to go into law.
LePage said Tuesday during a radio appearance on WVOM that he favors delaying implementation of the law while multiple issues are addressed but that the decision is not his to make. Thibodeau told the Bangor Daily News on Tuesday that he is in talks with other lawmakers about a one-year moratorium.
“Maine voters passed it but we need to put some good public policy behind the implementation,” said Thibodeau. “I think the reasonable thing to do is very much like Massachusetts has already done, which is implemented a moratorium with a date certain for implementation.”
Among the issues cited by LePage and Thibodeau are how to implement the 10 percent sales tax in the law, where the money for state oversight will come from and how to test drivers for marijuana intoxication.
On Friday, Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker signed a bill that didn't delay legalized marijuana but put off a deadline for the state to develop an oversight system for retail sales into 2018.
A marijuana legalization bill passed by Maine voters by a razor-thin margin in November already gives state government nine months to develop and implement rules for regulating the cultivation, manufacture, sale and testing of marijuana and marijuana products. David Boyer, who directed the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol, said it makes little sense to implement a moratorium when lawmakers already have time to do their work.
“Let's get to work on it and if in seven or eight months it looks like we're not going to meet that deadline, let's cross that bridge then,” said Boyer. “We want to give a lot of latitude to regulators to make sure this is the best law possible but to say we need more time before we start is troublesome. … Massachusetts just gave us a six-month head start on New England sales. That's an opportunity for us. We should work diligently to give adults a legal place to purchase marijuana.”
LePage's and Thibodeau's reservations go beyond retail sales. Among other issues, they worry that the law as written has flaws that, for example, would allow minors to possess some marijuana products. Their calls for a moratorium echo similar sentiments from marijuana opponents last week.
Democratic House Speaker Sara Gideon of Freeport has said she has reservations about implementing a moratorium until she has more discussions about it with Thibodeau and others.
All grown up, Tuitt eyeing breakout season for Steelers FILE - In this July 28, 2014, file photo, Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Stephon Tuitt (91) stands in the rain during NFL football training camp in Latrobe, Pa. The Steelers are banking on Tuitt's learning curve accelerating after they cut Brett Keisel and made no moves to improve a defensive line that struggled at times last season. (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic, File)
PITTSBURGH (AP) -- It's a business decision that doubles as a reminder for Stephon Tuitt.
The second-year Pittsburgh Steelers defensive lineman decided against buying a home during the offseason, preferring to lease a small apartment instead not far from the team facility. Nothing against where he works or anything. But Tuitt figures writing that monthly rent check is a way to keep him rooted in the reality that nothing in the NFL is guaranteed.
''I'm going to consider all my days in the league as if I just started,'' Tuitt said.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Even if Tuitt understands it's time for the training wheels to come off. With mentor Brett Keisel effectively retired, Tuitt is in line for a starting spot when the Steelers begin the 2015 season in New England on the second Thursday in September. No pressure or anything, right?
''I don't see it as that,'' Tuitt said with a laugh. ''I see it as they gave me an opportunity and I'm going to be like I was last year, practice hard and do what I do.
''Work hard on the football field. Keep my mouth closed off the football field,'' he said.
Taken with the 46th overall pick in the 2014 Draft, the Steelers viewed Tuitt as a bit of a project, bringing him along slowly last fall as a still maturing 21-year-old. The results were promising. By the middle of the season Tuitt was seeing regular playing time in certain packages, his 6-foot-6, 304-pound frame occasionally flashing the combination of speed and instincts that made him one of the best defensive linemen in the country during his collegiate career at Notre Dame.
Story continues
Playing for the Irish gave Tuitt the confidence he could compete in the NFL. Translating that confidence into results, however, proved another matter entirely. While Tuitt stresses he wasn't overwhelmed during his first go-round offseason practices and training camp, he went through a bit of culture shock.
''We practiced every day at Notre Dame full speed, but you knew sometimes you could take a break. You can't do that here,'' Tuitt said. ''The job is not just on Sunday.''
That part took some getting used to.
Tuitt admits there were far too many dinners out after getting drafted. Not the most advisable way to shed whatever baby fat remained. He's since started working with a nutritionist to learn what he should and shouldn't put in his body. While his smile is still boyish, Tuitt's upper body is far more chiseled than it was a year ago, the better to get off blocks and get after the ball.
It's something the Steelers need from Tuitt to take some pressure off Cam Heyward, now firmly entrenched as the defensive line's emotional leader. Heyward understands the growing pains that come while making the adjustment to Pittsburgh's 3-4 scheme. Heyward didn't become a starter until his third season. Tuitt is well ahead of that pace, and it shows.
''I think you can see from last year that he definitely has a (higher comfort) level with this defense,'' Heyward said. ''He's able to run faster and play hard and light his hair on fire, because he's not thinking as much.''
Tuitt finished with one sack and 17 tackles in 2014, his presence providing a regular jolt down the stretch as the Steelers emerged from the crowded AFC North with the division title. He'd prefer not to specify how far he'd like his numbers to climb in 2015 but knows his job is to help restore some of the luster to a pass rush that has weakened considerably over the last five years.
''I'm confident our sack game is going to be a lot stronger,'' Tuitt said. ''We've got the players to do it. It's just a matter of getting all the parts working together.''
And if the parts that include Tuitt and Heyward start clicking, all the better. They are in some ways mirror images of each other. Both came to Pittsburgh with a lofty draft status and the expectation they would one day take over for Keisel and Aaron Smith, cornerstones of a defense that helped the Steelers to three Super Bowl appearances in six seasons.
Heyward graduated from his apprenticeship in 2013. After a year learning under Keisel, Tuitt is ready to do the same.
''I got a chance to come out here with All Pro players, getting a chance to go against All-Pro players,'' Tuitt said. ''Everything in this game is a matter of snaps to be prepared mentally and physically and ... I'm just going to handle it the best way I can.''
---
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Apr 16, 2016; Minneapolis, MN, USA; Minnesota Twins first baseman Byung Ho Park (52) celebrates with shortstop Eduardo Nunez (9) and left fielder Oswaldo Arcia (31) after hitting a home run in the eighth inning against the Los Angeles Angels at Target Field. The Twins won 6-4. Mandatory Credit: Jesse Johnson-USA TODAY Sports
The Byung-Ho Park experiment has gone well for the Minnesota Twins, and it is roughly the only thing that has this season.
Last offseason there was a lot of intrigue in KBO prospect Byung-Ho Park. He was scouted by a majority of the teams in Major League Baseball. After posting 105 home runs in his last two season, MLB teams were looking for a prospect with batting power like Park's.
The Minnesota Twins ended up winning the Park lottery, signing him to a four-year $12 million contract. Some did not know how Park's skills would translate to the MLB as the competition in the KBO is nowhere near the level of the MLB.
Today Bleacher Report put together a list of their stock watch of the Rookie of the Year candidates. They have Park listed as the number 2 candidate in the American League, only behind Nomar Mazara, right fielder for the Rangers.
Here is what they had to say about Park.
Lee is a good Korean success story, but he's no Byung Ho Park. The power that led to 105 home runs over Park's last two seasons in the KBO has translated well to the majors. The 29-year-old has given the Minnesota Twins a .790 OPS and nine home runs, the most of any AL rookie. Park's home runs have been easy on the eyes, too. According to ESPN Stats and Information, they've traveled an average of 421.1 feet. Only four players in the majors are averaging more distance on their dingers. Like Lee for the Mariners, Park has also played a solid first base for the Twins when Joe Mauer has needed a breather. He hasn't yet booted a ball and is getting good ratings from the metrics. Also like Lee, however, consistency has not been Park's strong suit. He swings and misses a lot, striking out in 32 percent of his plate appearances. He's only hitting .224 with a .305 OBP, and has been slumping with just two hits in his last 25 at-bats. You know that one Bleacher Report dingbat who tabbed Park as the leading candidate for AL Rookie of the Year last week? He wants you to know it seemed like a good idea at the time.
This being maybe the only bright spot in the Twins season, Park is batting well. The risk involved in paying this sizeable contract to an overseas prospect has seemed to work out for the Twins so far.
An Islamic group representing Muslim employees at Ariens Co. in Wisconsin has filed a religious discrimination complaint against the company for not allowing prayer breaks.
Earlier this year, the manufacturer of snowblowers and lawn mowers in Brillion, Wis., fired seven Muslims for taking unscheduled prayer time, while 14 other employees resigned over the issue.
More than 50 Somali immigrant Muslims at Ariens protested the company's enforcement of a policy of two 10-minute breaks per work shift — without accommodations for unscheduled prayer time.
Fifteen of the Muslims are now represented by the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) that Tuesday filed the religious discrimination complaint with the Milwaukee office of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
By law, an employer must provide "reasonable accommodations" for religious practices, provided they do not result in a hardship for the employer.
"Prior to January 25, 2016, Ariens permitted Muslim employees to individually leave their workstations one at a time to pray after notifying and receiving permission from their supervisor," the Council on American-Islamic Relations said in a letter that accompanied its complaint to the EEOC.
Sign up for the daily Brightside Blend Newsletter Sign up for the daily Brightside Blend Newsletter Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the Brightside Blend Newsletter. Please try again later.
Submit
Ariens Co. could not be reached for comment on the complaint Tuesday.
Earlier, the company said it had prayer rooms for workers on their regular breaks and that it provided reasonable accommodation for religious practices.
Federal officials could take months to investigate the employees' claims of discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which requires employers to accommodate sincerely held religious beliefs.
Once the investigation is complete, regardless of the outcome, the Council on American-Islamic Relations will have the right to file a federal lawsuit on behalf of the 15 Muslims, said Maha Sayed, attorney for the Washington, D.C.-based organization.
Should there be a lawsuit, Sayed said, the organization would seek back pay for the fired employees. Also, it could seek other compensation for the fired employees and punitive damages against Ariens.
A lawsuit could seek to get the former employees rehired, but that's not practical if they have moved on to other jobs, or if Ariens is hostile to their return, Sayed said.
Earlier, the company "created a hostile work environment" where Muslim employees were subjected to a pattern of adverse work terms and conditions, according to CAIR.
The EEOC could offer to mediate the dispute between Ariens and the fired Muslims, or the two parties could settle it on their own.
In similar disputes, CAIR said, out-of-court agreements were reached with employers.
The Muslim employees wanted Ariens to continue a previous, more lenient practice of allowing them to leave their workstations at different times — such as at dawn and sunset — to pray as their faith requires of them.
Ariens said it was sticking with a policy that does not accommodate special prayer breaks, despite having bent the rules earlier.
With more Muslims on the assembly line, the company said earlier, unscheduled work breaks of more than a few minutes could cost it a considerable amount of money in lost productivity.
As the Black Lives Matter movement grew in reaction to the lack of indictments in the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown, Michael Jackson's 1995 song “They Don't Care About Us” was resurrected at the grass roots level in many cities including Ferguson, New York, and California.
“They Don't Care About Us” was denounced by The New York Times even before its release, and did not reach much of its intended audience because the controversy caused by the New York Times article would go on to overshadow the song itself. Radio stations were reluctant to play it and one of the short films Jackson created for the song was banned in the U.S.
Bernard Weinraub, husband of Sony Pictures Chief Amy Pascal, was the writer of the Times article.
“They Don't Care About Us” was Jackson's statement against abuse of power and the political corruption that enabled it. Two key events inspired the song:
In 1992, five white police officers who stood trial in Los Angeles for the videotaped beating of Rodney King were found not guilty by a jury with no African American members. Then, as now, there were riots and protests about longstanding policies of racial profiling and systemic police brutality.
The following year, Jackson, who had not been charged with any crime, was forced to undergo a humiliating 25 minute strip search by the same LAPD. The Santa Barbara District Attorney and police detectives arrived at Jackson's home in Los Olivos, California with a photographer who documented his private parts on film.
Advertisement
Black man, blackmail
Throw your brother in jail
All I wanna say is that
They don't really care about us
Bernard Weinraub's pre-release story accused Jackson of having “bigoted lyrics” in the song. He described the entire HIStory album as “profane, obscure, angry and filled with rage.”
Advertisement
His piece touched off a firestorm of other negative media coverage. The criticism was disingenuous, as the lyrics were taken out of context and Jackson was very clear about his true intention. The critics were overwhelmingly white.
Many of Weinraub's email messages to Pascal were exposed in the Sony hack; one advised her to fire an executive which she promptly did; another stated outright that he had special access and influence with New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd.
Pascal was previously Vice President of Columbia Pictures, where Jackson, who wanted to star in films, had a motion picture contract that was never fulfilled. Later she became head of Sony Columbia Pictures. Jackson's recording contract was with Epic, a division of Sony.
Advertisement
Weinraub, who is now a playwright, was a respected New York Times reporter on the Hollywood beat until his relationship with Pascal created a conflict of interest that began to anger the subjects of his articles. Weinraub admitted to as much in his farewell column at the New York Times.
Weinraub's cozy relationships in Hollywood included David Geffen. Geffen had worked closely with Jackson, convincing him to replace his key advisors with ones hand-picked by Geffen, according to Zack O. Greenburg's Michael Jackson, Inc.
When the controversy over “They Don't Care About Us” arose, Jackson asked Geffen for public support, but he would not go on record. Jackson's manager, Geffen's pick Sandy Gallin, refused to speak on television. He fired Gallin and never spoke to either of the men again.
Advertisement
Geffen refused to be interviewed about Jackson for Greenburg's book.
Jackson and Spike Lee made two separate short films for “They Don't Care About Us.” “He was not having good relations [with Sony/Epic]...there was friction there,” said Spike Lee in a recent interview with Iconic magazine.
The first version, recorded in Brazil, features the Afro-Brazilian drumming group Olodum. If you're familiar with the song, this is the version you've probably seen. Already in production at the time of the controversy, it uses sound effects to obscure the objectionable words.
Advertisement
But the “Prison” version is a tour de force; Jackson had even more to be angry about. Jackson and Lee chose to film in a Long Island jail, said Lee, because “a lot of people in prison shouldn't be there. A lot of people are there for a much longer time too. In American prisons, there are more brown and black people than white.”
All Jackson's frustrations seem to be on display in this raw and angry performance. Behold:
Jackson would not win though - at least not then: the Prison version was banned from American television.
Advertisement
Jackson would later go on to have a public feud with executives at Sony Music, accusing them of racism. His protests were eyed skeptically by many at the time.
One particularly vicious 1995 Newsday review of this song read in part: “When Michael Jackson sings ‘They Don't Care About Us' you've got to wonder who he thinks ‘us' is.”
The Black Lives Matter protestors don't wonder.
*****************************************************************************
[Updated for clarity 11:16 PM 18 Dec 2014: Weinraub's article specifically mentioned that Jackson used the words “Jew” and “kike” in the song. Weinraub's article did not mention that Jackson also used the words “If Roosevelt was living, he wouldn't let this be” thus decontextualizing it. The media coverage left readers thinking that the song was the exact opposite of its intentions. Nevertheless Jackson did not want to offend so he apologized and re-recorded swapping out those two words.]
Advertisement
Jackson was comparing racism against blacks to the racism experienced by Jews in Nazi Germany. He invokes two political figures: Roosevelt who went to war against Germany, and Dr. Martin Luther King who led the civil rights movement. Here are the key lyrics:
If Roosevelt was livin' / he wouldn't let this be, no, no
If Martin Luther was livin'/ he wouldn't let this be, no, no
on Twitter @dbanderson1
PARIS – Forty pro-Palestinian activists who arrived in Israel as part of the "Welcome to Palestine" fly-in protest have been denied entry to the country.
Three people who arrived aboard an El Al flight from Paris Sunday morning were questioned at a booth set up by the Interior Ministry at Ben Gurion Airport. They were subsequently released and allowed entry into the country.
A Portuguese national who arrived in Israel aboard a Royal Jordanian flight was denied entry, as was a Canadian citizen who arrived on an American Airlines flight. The two were expected to be deported.
Four French women were denied entry to Israel at around noon.
Foreign activists at BG Airport (Photo: Moti Kimchi)
Airport officials said that so far a total of 40 activists, including 33 French nationals, two Italians, two Spanish nationals and three more activists from Canada, Portugal and Switzerland have been denied entry to Israel. In addition, they said, a number of Israeli leftists were held for questioning after they waved signs in support of the fly-in protest and attempted to disturb the peace.
The activists, who were all questioned by Immigration Authority officials, are expected to be deported from the Israel.
Twenty-seven of the French activists – 14 men and 13 women – have been transferred to Givon Prison in Ramla, where they will be held until Israeli authorities organize their return to France.
Police officials said hundreds more activists are expected to arrive in Israel throughout the day.
Related stories:
Earlier, dozens of activists gathered at Paris' Charles de Gaulle Airport protest their "exclusion" from Israel. Some of the foreign activists received notices alerting them to the fact that their flights to Israel had been cancelled while others managed to issue their boarding cards but are not sure they will be able to reach the Palestinian Authority. During the protest they called out: "Today the barrier is here," "Israel get out, France is not yours" and "Let us reach Palestine."
A sign waved by the protesters read, "France, a new Israeli settlement?"
The activists in Paris sought to make it clear that they were not operating against Israel, rather they were seeking to carry out a "pacifist action" and go to Bethlehem to see the situation with their own eyes.
Protestors in Paris (Photo: Lior Zilberstein, Yedioth Ahronoth)
The flytilla organizers briefed activists from around the world through social networks on methods of challenging the airports and governments and how to reach the airports with boarding cards in hand.
"The (foreign) governments must pressure Israel so that it will allow the arrival of visitors into the occupied territories. This blockade is a breach of the fourth Geneva Convention. Israel has turned Palestine into a huge prison," they wrote.
The organizers noted that the Oz Unit at the Immigration Authority chose to halt its strike due to the flytilla and claimed: "Racism unites the government and its employees."
Knesset Member Michael Ben-Ari (National Union) and right-wing activists Itamar Ben-Gvir and Baruch Marzel also arrived at BG Airport with an Israeli flag ahead of the expected arrival of more pro-Palestinian activists.
Police deplyed at Ben Gurion Airport (Photo: Ido Erez)
The fly-in activists received precise directions explaining how to act should the Israeli authorities refuse to allow them entry into Israel. The activists were told to leave a copy of their passport with a family member and to take the telephone numbers of local government officials in their countries.
The activists were also briefed on the rules and regulations at Israel's airport in order to make it easier for them to deal with arguments against allowing them to enter Israel.
Lihi Rothschild, an Israeli activist and one of the organizers of the 'flytilla,' said Israel's "willingness to arrest people who did not commit any crime and say they only came to visit Palestine is a hysterical response."
Speaking to Ynet, she said, "It's unfortunate that European airlines are cooperating with this violation of human rights by the State of Israel - and we consider them accomplices to the crime."
Rothschild estimated that about two-thirds of the foreign activists will succeed in boarding a flight to Israel, adding that those who enter Israel will be presented with drawing made for them by children in Bethlehem.
Addressing the "welcome" letter from the Israeli government, which the activists are expected to receive upon their arrival at BG Airport, the Israeli activist said, "In this letter Israel is repeating the same lies and excuses. Israel is not the only democracy in the Mideast – it is not a democracy at all. Instead of taking responsibility for the crimes it is committing, Israel chooses to deal with its human rights violations by pointing out that there are worse places."
Palestinian fly-in organizers said a number of foreign activists have arrived in Bethlehem. They said Turkish and Swiss authorities prevented pro-Palestinian activists from boarding flights to Israel, but added that more than 20 were able to board flights to Israel at Geneva's airport.
Internal Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch on Saturday expressed satisfaction with the cooperation of foreign airlines who he said are preventing those identified by Israel as pro-Palestinian activists from boarding their flights.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Pan Am Systems (formerly Guilford Transportation Industries) is a privately held Portsmouth, New Hampshire-based [1] U.S. corporation composed of rail transport, manufacturing and energy, transportation related brands, and real estate divisions. It formerly held a now-defunct airline division.
History [ edit ]
Guilford Transportation Industries (GTI) was formed in 1977.[2] GTI entered the railroad business in 1981 with its purchase of the Maine Central Railroad from U.S. Filter Corporation. This was followed by its 1983 purchase of the Boston & Maine Railroad, and in 1984 it purchased the Delaware & Hudson Railway (D&H). In 1988, GTI declared D&H bankrupt. D&H employees took it over, with the New York, Susquehanna & Western Railway managing it. The employees then sold out in 1991 to the Canadian Pacific Railway.
GTI purchased the name, colors, and logo of Pan American World Airways in 1998. In March 2006, GTI changed its name to Pan Am Systems.
The company is privately owned by Timothy Mellon, an heir to the Mellon banking fortune, and several other stakeholders including former Penn Central employee David Fink and son David A. Fink.
Divisions [ edit ]
Air [ edit ]
Clipper Guilford. Tail section of
Pan American Airways (1998-2004) , a United States airline that operated scheduled services in the eastern USA under the purchased "Pan American Airways" brand, as well as charters for tour operators and services to the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico. Operations ceased on November 1, 2004, and were transferred to then Guilford Transportation subsidiary Boston-Maine Airways, which resumed service as the Pan Am Clipper Connection brand.
, a United States airline that operated scheduled services in the eastern USA under the purchased "Pan American Airways" brand, as well as charters for tour operators and services to the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico. Operations ceased on November 1, 2004, and were transferred to then Guilford Transportation subsidiary Boston-Maine Airways, which resumed service as the brand. Boston-Maine Airways/Pan Am Clipper Connection , the formerly certified airline, which operated charter and scheduled passenger airline services between the northeastern United States and Florida and the Caribbean under the Pan Am Clipper Connection brand. In February 2008 the U.S. Department of Transportation proposed the revocation of Boston-Maine's air carrier certification, as it "is not financially fit and does not possess the managerial competence to conduct any air transportation operations and has failed to comply with the regulations governing its operations." [3] Services ended February 29, 2008.
, the formerly certified airline, which operated charter and scheduled passenger airline services between the northeastern United States and Florida and the Caribbean under the brand. In February 2008 the U.S. Department of Transportation proposed the revocation of Boston-Maine's air carrier certification, as it Services ended February 29, 2008. Pan Am Services , originally an aircraft service and support center, now a dealer of aircraft spare parts. [4] Facilities in Dover, New Hampshire and Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
, originally an aircraft service and support center, now a dealer of aircraft spare parts. Pan American World Airways (2016–present) A Private Jet Service in America. The Airline is operating private charters across the country.
Manufacturing and energy [ edit ]
Rail [ edit ]
A Pan Am locomotive.
A Pan Am boxcar.
Real estate [ edit ]
Transportation-related brands [ edit ]
Pan Am Brands , distributor of consumer goods bearing the Pan Am logo. [7] Pan Am Brands licenses the name and logos to other companies for certain purposes. [8] An example is Sony Pictures Television, which licensed the brand for the short-lived Pan Am TV series. [9]
, distributor of consumer goods bearing the Pan Am logo.
See also [ edit ]
How Hackers and Makers are Helping Vermont
Above photo: Panel members, L to R: Doug Webster, Jesse Krembs, Bradley Holt, Nate Herzog, Rebecca Roose. Standing: Amanda Levinson.
Vermont's tech economy has gotten a big boost over the last few years from the proliferation of hackathons and makerspaces. Hackathons are events during which developers design applications related to a specific theme. Makerspaces are essentially communal workshops that attract artists, coders, welders, engineers and tinkerers — aka makers.
Nobody profits from these mostly noncommercial projects, but, in a sense, we all do. They help sustain the ecosystem that supports companies such as Pwnie Express, a Berlin-based cyber-security firm that landed $5.1 million in venture capital investment last year.
On Monday, February 10, a group of hackathon and makerspace organizers gathered to talk about their initiatives and the role they play in fostering innovation in Vermont. Uber-connected technology consultant and BTV NetSquared cofounder Amanda Levinson organized the panel discussion, which took place at The Karma Bird House in Burlington.
About 40 people crammed into the Renegade Writer's Collective office space to hear the five presenters: Nate Herzog, founder of StoryHackVT; Jesse Krembs, cofounder of the Hacker Foundation and Laboratory B, Burlington's community hackerspace; Bradley Holt, Code for BTV Brigade Captain and organizer of civic hacking events; Rebecca Roose, Senior Product Marketing Manager for MyWebGrocer, which presents HackVT, a 24-hour competitive hackathon with cash prizes; and Doug Webster, the state's Center for Technical Education coordinator and founder of the Champlain Maker Faire. It was an all-star panel; indeed, during her introduction, Levinson noted that the gathering included “a large part of the hackathon and makerspace brain trust of Vermont.”
The presenters took turns describing their projects, most of which were likely familiar to the audience. Herzog went fist. He described his 24-hour StoryHackVT competition last October as “a hackathon for creatives.” It drew 55 participants, who competed on 15 different teams to produce a narrative on three or more digital platforms. He's already started planning his 2014 competition, and announced a new project: next Monday, he's launching a Vermont chapter of StoryCode, an organization for immersive digital storytellers. Its first meeting will also take place at the Karma Bird House, and will feature work by Katie McCurdy, organizer of the Burlington Healthcare Innovators group, and Marguerite Dibble of Burlington-based video game studio Birnam Wood Games.
Krembs, a data network planner for FairPoint Communications, went next. He was there representing Laboratory B, a community hackerspace that invites the public to participate in workshops and hands-on activities. It hosts a semi-regular “Satoshi Square,” a meetup devoted to local uses for Bitcoin and other crypto currencies, and is currently encouraging its members to fight back against spying by the National Security Agency. But Krembs didn't talk about that at the panel — he described how he helped bring hackerspaces to the U.S. by organizing a tour for other hackers to visit some in Germany. He and his cohorts dubbed that effort “Hackers on a Plane.”
Krembs also celebrated the embrace of the word “hacker.” He's been calling himself one since the late 1990s, but it's only recently become a respectable term. “I remember when you said the word ‘hack' and it was like you were a criminal,” he said.
If hacking has become more respectable, it's in part because of do-gooders like Bradley Holt, one of Vermont Business Magazine‘s 2011 “Rising Stars.” He's one of the brigade captains of Code for BTV, the local chapter of Code For America, a volunteer organization of “civic hackers” who put their coding skills to work helping municipalities and nonprofits; Holt's partner, Jason Pelletier, is his co-captain. The pair attended the event wearing matching Code for America sweatshirts.
Code for BTV made headlines recently when it landed a $30,000 prototype grant from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation for the Civic Cloud Collaborative. The “civic cloud” will house noncommerical projects that take advantage of Burlington's gigabit network. Holt and his fellow civic hackers are working on 20 different projects for a variety of organizations, including Vermont music nonprofit Big Heavy World and the Fletcher Free Library. This weekend, the group is organizing a Food Systems Hackathon at the Northeast Organic Farming Association of Vermont's conference at the University of Vermont. The following weekend, the group hosts a hacking event devoted to open data. “Office hours” at Burlington City Hall are also in the works to help connect programmers with the government agencies that could benefit from their skills.
HackVT, Vermont's first hackathon, has also tried to make those connections, said Rebecca Roose. The annual event uses open data sets provided by the state of Vermont, and has spawned some interesting ideas from the hundreds of participants who have taken part over the last four years; Roose presented an infographic summarizing HackVT's impact. Click here to see it.
Roose noted a few competitors have continued to develop some of their apps — Justin Kuzma chimed in and pointed out that his team brought their app, Country Perfume, to the app store. It offers information about Vermont farms. His 2013 team is also working on finishing their app for the Vermont State Parks, which they hope to release this spring.
“That's what I love to hear,” she said. “It's got legs.”
But Roose pointed out that MyWebGrocer's original goal in hosting the hackathon was “to bring people to Vermont and make them stay here… to get the tech community together and put Vermont on the map as a digital hub.” Needless to say, the event plays a role in the company's recruitment strategy.
Finally, Doug Webster spoke about the Champlain Maker Faire. The first one took place on a Saturday in September, 2012, at Shelburne Farms; the second was a Saturday-Sunday event in the same location. The events were inspired by larger Maker Faires in New York and California. At first, Webster said, people were skeptical that they could round up enough exhibitors in Vermont. But the first Shelburne Farms event drew 50 makers; 1,300 people bought tickets that year. The 2013 event drew 75 makers and 2,400 attendees, many of them families with small children. He's already planning the 2014 Champlain Maker Faire, which is scheduled for October 4 and 5.
“I think it's helped in a lot of ways to help grow the culture of innovation,” he said.
Webster invited Christy Mitchell to tell the crowd about Burlington's new community makerspace, the Generator — Mitchell is its newly minted executive director. The Generator will open in March in the city-owned Memorial Auditorium Annex, and will have a 3D printer, a laser cutter and other equipment for members' use. The Generator will also have small workspaces for rent.
Webster noted that five other towns — Lyndon, White River Junction, Bennington, Brattleboro and Rutland — are planning similar spaces. There's a lot of interest out there. “You have a meeting and you expect nine people to show up and 45 people show up,” he said.
After the five panelists spoke, they sat in the front of the room and held a Q&A session. The questions ranged from “How do we engage students?” to “How will you make sure the civic cloud is used for good and not for evil?”
It was a lively discussion that continued all the way until 8 p.m.; the event started at 6. The audience seemed engaged and genuinely interested in creating more opportunities for education and collaboration, despite the fact that many of them had skipped dinner to attend.
As Bradley Holt noted during the panel discussion, it's that passion and commitment that provides a foundation for the breakthrough tech successes that make the news. “It's really all that work, all that tinkering, that leads to that,” he said.
We're playing with a colony ship as our Kingdom. We're still years from the target system when we pick up the signal. Could this be first contact with alien intelligence? Unfortunately, it's light years out of our way. This is our Crossroad: do we change course to investigate?
The colonists are excited even if it means abandoning our carefully calculated settlement plans. But by now all the players suspect that Captain Browning (ahem, *Acting* Captain Browning) cares more about looking like a good leader than being one. He's in charge and he wants to keep it that way. My character tells the Captain that the data's conclusive: the signal is definitely not natural. But she also mutters that if we're abandoning the plan and just making things up as we go along, pretty soon everyone is going to want a vote.
I'm Perspective so what I predict is true. A Touchstone character showed us what the people wanted. But the Captain has Power. He decides what we do. And I just told him that if he does what the people want his precious authority is going to be a thing of the past.
Captain Browning carefully straightens his uniform, then flips the switch to make a ship-wide address…
A secret school for wayward wizards…
A hospital struggling to keep its doors open…
A platoon fighting its way across war-torn Europe…
A guild of thieves scheming in the shadows of the sleeping city…
These are all Kingdoms. A Kingdom is the game term for the community or organization that your characters all belong to. It's the bond that ties them together and a powerful part of their lives.
What's the Kingdom for? What should it do? Each character might have very different ideas. Can everybody get what they want? Can your vision of the Kingdom work with mine? Play and find out.
There's no GM and there's no preparation. You sit down together and create the Kingdom you want to explore. You can play a one-shot game or explore the same Kingdom session after session. Keep the action tight in the here and now or follow the same Kingdom for centuries as generation after generation steer its path.
One of the neat things about Kingdom is that, because the rules deal with the relationship between individuals and groups, regardless of how or why those people are a group, you can play any kind of community or organization you want. Want to play a star-spanning empire? A warship in the Age of Sail? The PTA of your local elementary school? Those all work.
Want to play the setting from your favorite book or movie? Hogwarts, Battlestar Galactica, Gondor or the Rebel Alliance? Perfect. See how things turn out when you're at the helm.
We've played Kingdoms in a whole slew of different styles, tones and settings:
Dukes of Hell: A drug-dealing, chain-swinging, rubber-burning biker gang doggedly fighting to protect their turf in the Southwest badlands.
Starfall: Weapons-smith to the galaxy. Their technology has no equal in known space. Their weapons can boil oceans or splinter moons, making them the ultimate arbiters of interstellar conflict. The new calculus of war is simple: the side that Starfall arms, wins. But are they neutral as they claim? Or do they aspire to a galaxy where war is a thing of the past and even their own weapons are no longer needed?
KBQX Albuquerque: A local television station struggling against bad ratings and public relations scandals. Can they break out of their slump, convince the outraged citizens groups to stop picketing them and reinvent themselves as a cable news channel? The people of Albuquerque are not holding their breath.
Lost Legion: Far from home, its allies crushed, a lone Roman legion stands surrounded by foes hungering for Roman blood. Can the legion march home, hewing a path through a sea of foes? Or must it seek alliance and sow division between its many enemies? Or do the once proud soldiers give in to despair and let their standards fall into the mire… Eat your heart out, Xenophon.
Santa's Workshop: No seriously, Santa's Workshop. What do the elves do when Santa decides to sit on the couch and watch TV all winter? Start making kids something they really can use, like vaccines and text books? Sure they can build a Robo-Santa and turn to him for love but nothing can soften the hard iron of his lap… or his heart.
Making your own Kingdom is part of the fun of the game, but the book will include some pre-built seeds for Kingdoms that you can use when you want to just sit down and start playing quickly.
Kingdom is a complete game by itself but you can also use it to flesh out other game worlds. Running a regular campaign? Take a break for a night and play Kingdom to explore some hazy corner of your world. That fortress-city that guards the Empire's frontiers from the barbarian hordes? What's going on over there? Let your players put on the heavy mantles of captains and kings and play to find out.
Or combine it with Microscope and make Kingdoms to play out pockets of the epic history you create.
The characters are at the center of the game, but they're bound together by the Kingdom they're all part of. When the Kingdom changes, it impacts each of their lives, for better or worse. The very thing one character wants the most may be the thing you dread the Kingdom will become.
As you play your Kingdom is confronted by Crossroads, critical decisions it has to make. Does the hospital close its free clinic? Does the colony ship settle on this barren rock or wait years for a better opportunity? Do the wizards of the circle unlock the forbidden vault sealed by their predecessors centuries ago?
Each Crossroad is an important chapter in your game. The results may change the Kingdom forever. What will your character do to make the Kingdom do what you want? How far will you go? And what will you do when you fail, when the Kingdom becomes something you hate and pressures you to do things you don't want to do? That's what the game is all about.
Each player gets to affect the outcome of the Crossroad, but how they do it depends on their character's role in the Kingdom, either Touchstone, Perspective or Power. Each role gives you an entirely different way to influence the game. And your role isn't set in stone. Tired of your dire warnings falling on deaf ears? Switch from Perspective to Power and raise an angry mob to storm the castle.
Over the last two years I've played Kingdom with a lot of different people, working out the kinks and making sure it did what I wanted it to do. It owes a lot to the fantastic folks at Story Games Seattle, Go Play NW and Fabricated Realities as well as to playtest groups around the globe, people I've never met but who took the game for a spin and told me what worked for them and what didn't.
There's still a lot of work to do before Kingdom goes to the printer, but the game itself is complete. For the art I've recruited Caroline Hobbs, who has agreed to put down her squids and snails for a while and paint something serious. And for reality-checks on game design and vision, I have as always the secret Kingdom brain trust: the aforementioned Caroline Hobbs, Marc Hobbs and Pat Kemp. They have Perspective.
If you back Kingdom you're going to get it before anyone else. You'll get the PDF before it goes on sale anywhere. When the books are printed they'll be shipped to you before they go on sale in stores.
Be the first kid on your block to make a Kingdom and then fight to keep it from going up in flames. Or laugh maniacally as it burns. Both are pretty fun.
And for the record -- no. Captain Browning did not change course. The colony ship passed up the opportunity of first contact with alien life because of one insecure and petty man. The characters wept. The players cheered. A fantastic game of Kingdom.
So you're sitting down to play Kingdom. What would make it even easier for you to jump in and get straight to the fun? Lots of prepared Kingdom playsets that you can whip out when you don't have time to brainstorm an idea or when you need a little bit of inspiration.
When we hit each level of funding I'll add more playsets to the book so you'll have a bulging toolkit of options at your fingertips:
REACHED! (before you even knew it existed)
Cactus Flats : In the dusty, sun-baked West, the measure of a man is the measure of his gun. And his horse. And his hat.
: In the dusty, sun-baked West, the measure of a man is the measure of his gun. And his horse. And his hat. Daily Sentinel: A once-great newspaper and bastion of journalistic integrity, in danger of becoming a dinosaur in the age of digital media, sound-bites and factoid reporting.
$10,000 -- REACHED!
Eye of Osiris : Wealthy seekers and would-be mystics in the 1920s high society. If money can't buy you happiness, what about secrets from beyond the Veil?
: Wealthy seekers and would-be mystics in the 1920s high society. If money can't buy you happiness, what about secrets from beyond the Veil? Kuligar Wildlife Refuge: Endangered species, poachers, political instability and endless miles of African savannah.
$12,000 -- REACHED!
Partisans of Rigel IV : The human colony struggles under the thumb of alien invaders but the Resistance refuses to kneel. For Rigel! For Freedom!
: The human colony struggles under the thumb of alien invaders but the Resistance refuses to kneel. For Rigel! For Freedom! Eshbal, The Door of Hardship: Implacable fortress-city guarding the gateway to the Empire. Its twisted streets welcome travelers and spices from far-off lands but its looming walls declare 'behold the might of the Empire and despair!'
$14,000 -- REACHED!
HMS Rubicon : Proudly flying His Majesty's flag on the far side of the world in the age of sail and cannon.
: Proudly flying His Majesty's flag on the far side of the world in the age of sail and cannon. Kid's Television Workshop (KTW): A small public television studio devoted to making positive children's programming like "Helicopter Junction" and "Little Blue House on the Corner". M is for Muppet!
$16,000 -- REACHED!
Lost in Luxury Space : If your cruise ship has a hyperdrive malfunction and you're lost in space--for years--aren't you technically still on vacation? So have a tropical drink, soak up some artificial rays and relax. Fixing the ship is a problem for the crew!
: If your cruise ship has a hyperdrive malfunction and you're lost in space--for years--aren't you technically still on vacation? So have a tropical drink, soak up some artificial rays and relax. Fixing the ship is a problem for the crew! Banner of the Black Serpent: Granted their own lands and strongholds for the blood they've shed for the realm, this order of knights is now an army apart. Do they remain loyal? Or do they sell their swords to the highest bidder? Do they fight for gold, glory, or the honor of the Banner?
$18,000 -- REACHED!
Starfall : Weapons-smith to the galaxy. Splinter moons. Boil oceans. Turn skies to fire. And perhaps broker peace. The new calculus of war is simple: the side that Starfall arms, wins.
: Weapons-smith to the galaxy. Splinter moons. Boil oceans. Turn skies to fire. And perhaps broker peace. The new calculus of war is simple: the side that Starfall arms, wins. Dwarf Mountain: The dragon is dead. The dwarves have returned to the halls of their forefathers to rebuild and claim glory anew. But hard-won gold is hard-kept. Thieves are everywhere. Even our trusted allies may covet the treasures of the mountain king…
$20,000 -- REACHED!
Banana Republic : Juntas, puppet regimes, oppressed citizens and friendly neighborhood CIA advisors. Securing corporate profits and a safe neighbor to the South. It's a win-win!
: Juntas, puppet regimes, oppressed citizens and friendly neighborhood CIA advisors. Securing corporate profits and a safe neighbor to the South. It's a win-win! Grottos & Griffons: The game that started it all, G&G is adored by fans world-wide. Which might be why so many people would fight tooth and nail over its fate. Edition wars! Retro clones! Lucky dice! And possibly a short-lived Saturday morning cartoon.
$23,000 -- REACHED!
Battlestar Orion : The last ship of the armada protects a rag-tag fugitive fleet, hoping to build a new home out of the ashes of the old. But have we truly escaped the enemy? Or do they walk among us even now?
: The last ship of the armada protects a rag-tag fugitive fleet, hoping to build a new home out of the ashes of the old. But have we truly escaped the enemy? Or do they walk among us even now? The Lost Legion : Far from home, its allies crushed, a lone legion stands surrounded by foes hungering for Roman blood…
: Far from home, its allies crushed, a lone legion stands surrounded by foes hungering for Roman blood… Bonus Art Goal: Caroline gets a raise! She's hard at work on the art for Kingdom but she deserves more than she agreed to! (To be honest, I'm going to pay her more regardless. Don't tell her!)
$26,000 -- REACHED!
Sawyer Memorial Hospital : Doctors fighting the system to actually help people in need. But how much good can you do if you can't make enough money to keep the doors open?
: Doctors fighting the system to actually help people in need. But how much good can you do if you can't make enough money to keep the doors open? Hammer of the Gods: The Immortals forged the world. They can destroy it. Gods, demigods and heroes toy with the fate of humanity. Are those pesky mortals getting too big for their togas? Failing to pay homage to the Gods in the time-honored fashion? Release the kraken!
$29,000
— Investigators hope the public can help them find the driver of a pickup truck who hit an Eagan cyclist and drove off.
Bryan Joas, 45, is in critical condition after he was struck on a rural Dakota County road.
“He left work early to go and enjoy the spring weather,” Bryan's wife, Shauna Joas, said.
She says her husband was taking the slow route home from work Tuesday, a route he rides often.
“He's such a smart biker and he always, you know, if he says he's going to be out for two hours, he's going to ride this many miles — he does that and he's home,” Shauna said. “He knows his routes, he doesn't take the busy routes.”
Shauna says Bryan is never later coming home.
“When I got done with dinner and saw that it was dark and he wasn't home yet,” she said.
She knew something was wrong.
“My kids answered the door when the cops came to the door,” Shauna said.
She learned quickly her husband was in a serious accident. Investigators say Bryan was hit from behind by a white pickup truck on 250th Street West near Highview Avenue in Eureka Township. The truck kept going.
Several passerbys stopped to help Bryan until emergency crews flew him to North Memorial Medical Center in Robbinsdale.
“I saw him as he was being wheeled into surgery,” Shauna said. “They took out two thirds of his large intestine, and there is still some sepsis and they can't find the source, so they're going in again.”
She says her husband's kidneys are not functioning, and he has multiple fractures in his back and pelvis.
“He's still really critical. They said he's a little bit worse than yesterday,” Shauna said.
She remains at the hospital with Bryan while investigators search for the truck and its driver.
“I hope the person who did this comes forward,” Shauna said.
Investigators are looking for a white pickup truck with large tires and red highlights. It should have front-end damage.
Anyone who knows more about this case is urged to call the Dakota County Sheriff's Office at 651-438-4729. A $1,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to the identification of the driver and the truck.
Click here to visit Bryan's CaringBridge page.
This happened to several users of NVidia or AMD binary drivers (Bug #1705369). You need to re-install the drivers:
Switch to a different terminal (TTY) by pressing CTRL + ALT + F2 and login with your user. Remove the binary driver by running sudo apt-get purge ^nvidia . AMD users can run amdgpu-pro-uninstall to remove the AMD graphics stack. If /etc/X11/xorg.conf exists, rename (e.g. sudo mv /etc/X11/xorg.conf{,.bak} ). Disable Wayland completely: edit /etc/gdm3/custom.conf and uncomment the following line # WaylandEnable=false Reboot Ubuntu with sudo shutdown -r now and you should see the login screen.
You can now install your binary drivers again, either manually (see How do I install the Nvidia drivers) or with the Software Properties GUI. AMD users should refer to the official installation guide for instructions.
After rebooting everything should work as expected.
Philadelphia's bid for Amazon is official. Today the city sent its proposal selling itself as home for the internet juggernaut's $5 billion second headquarters, which the company is calling HQ2.
Here are five key details for how Philadelphia pitched itself to Amazon, from possible locations to incentives to support from unions.
Three proposed sites
Philadelphia offered Amazon three options for where it could put down roots within the city: The Navy Yard, Schuylkill Yards and uCity Square. Amazon would be joining the likes of Urban Outfitters at the Navy Yard. uCity Square is a development between about 34th and Market and 37th and Lancaster Avenue, and would have room for an additional 8.4 million square feet of office space. Schuylkill Yards is a proposed development adjacent to 30th Street Station. Amazon would be among the first companies there.
$1 billion in tax incentives
Philly's publicly released info on its bid doesn't include the amount of money the state and city would give up for Amazon, but Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce President Rob Wonderling told the Inquirer the amount would be $1 billion. The $1 billion is far more than any other company has received in Philadelphia but less than the $1.6B over 25 years awarded to Shell, which built a plant in Western Pennsylvania. Councilman David Oh has also proposed legislation that could save Amazon $2B.
The amount is far lower than what some competitors have offered or will offer. New Jersey, for instance, promised $7 billion in incentives. Given Pennsylvania's high corporate tax and Philadelphia's wage and gross receipts taxes, Amazon would likely need to choose Philadelphia on its other strengths.
Convenience
Philadelphia basically bragged to Amazon that it is far more livable and inexpensive than New York or Washington DC but is extremely close to those cities. It highlighted the 75-minute train ride to NYC, 100-minute ride to Washington, 15-minute ride to the airport from downtown and offered testimony from businesspeople about the importance of this central location. The city's been on a social media tear talking about what Philly can offer employees at HQ2.
Johnny Doc and other political support
Building and Construction Trades Council president and top union leader John Dougherty — yes, that guy being investigated by the feds — sent a particularly long letter to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos that was featured as part of Philly's proposal. Dougherty wrote that he gifted Bezos Sixers, Eagles, Phillies and Flyers jerseys. He also left Bezos his email address and cell phone number.
Dozens of other letters to Bezos were attached, including one from Jeffrey Lurie of the Eagles and the Sixers' president of business operations. Amazon even got some bipartisanship: One letter was signed by Gov. Tom Wolf, Sens. Pat Toomey and Bob Casey, and several members of Congress.
Educated workforce
Philly pointed outs its more than 100 area colleges and universities, with a particular emphasis on Penn. Amy Gutmann, the school's president, wrote a letter to Bezos, mentioning she had been provost at his alma mater, Princeton, and telling him to call her if she could be of any assistance.
Vermont Sen. Bernard Sanders‘ presidential campaign was raking in 3.2 contributions per second at the closing of Sunday night's Democratic debate, with a total of $1 million raised from more than 36,000 contributions on Sunday alone.
“For the fourth debate in a row, U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders was the clear winner, according to a focus group, Twitter,Facebook, Google searches, online polls and money raised,” his campaign said in a statement Monday morning.
According to a focus group of 30 undecided South Carolinians conducted by Democratic strategist Chris Kofinis, 27 of those voters felt that Mr. Sanders won Sunday night's debate.
“Sanders wins SC in blowout,” Chris Kofinis of Park Street Strategies, tweeted. “He is connecting with many of the African American voters in this group.”
Mr. Sanders was also the most Googled name during the debate and top candidate discussed on Twitter and Facebook.
Mr. Sanders is closing the gap with front runner Hillary Clinton and is in a statistical dead heat with her in early primary states Iowa and New Hampshire. Mr. Sanders is looking to capitalize on his debate performance to help drive his momentum in these earlier contests as well as popularity nationally, where he still trails Mrs. Clinton by double-digits, according to most recent polling.
SEE ALSO: Clinton blasts Sanders on gun control record, ties him to NRA
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The Welsh government is to pay to replace banned breast implants for those treated privately if there is a clinical need.
Last week it said NHS patients could have implants replaced, but private patients would only have them removed.
Women must prove they sought redress from their private provider and be resident and registered with a GP in Wales.
The health minister said not replacing implants could pose unnecessary risk.
The implants from French firm Poly Implant Prothese (PIP) were banned last year after they were found to contain a non-medical-grade silicone filler.
In December, French authorities recommended that 30,000 women have faulty breast implants removed as a precaution.
Last week the UK government reaffirmed its view that the implants, which 40,000 UK women have, did not require routine removal.
Removing the implants and not replacing them could result in unsightly scarring, loose skin, and potentially ... risk of infection Lesley Griffiths AM , Welsh Health Minister
A spokesman for the Department of Health said it had been advised by the NHS medical director Sir Bruce Keogh's expert group.
"We do not recognise the advice that Wales has received," he said.
"Sir Bruce's expert group, which included some of the foremost experts in plastic surgery, made clear recommendations last week for patients in England, and concluded that there is no significant increased clinical risk in cases where implants are not replaced.
"We have been very clear about the standard of care we will offer to NHS patients, and our expectation that private sector providers should match this."
It is thought 95% of women had the operation privately, 5% on the NHS.
Around 2,000 women in Wales are estimated to have the implants.
Complication risk
Health Minister Lesley Griffiths announced last week that the NHS in Wales would remove PIP implants if there was a clinical need.
On Tuesday, she said: "We said then that we would replace implants which were put in by the NHS, and today we are going one step further by announcing we will also replace those which were put in privately.
"Removing the implants and not replacing them could result in unsightly scarring, loose skin, and potentially the accumulation of fluids, need for drainage, and risk of infection."
It is feared that putting women through two separate operations increases the risk of complications.
But Ms Griffiths stressed that NHS treatment would be a last resort for women who were treated privately.
"Safeguards will be put in place to hold the private sector to account and ensure that everything possible is done to seek redress from private providers before the NHS steps in," she said.
Pieces of a medieval board game and 1,000-year-old combs are among rare artefacts uncovered during an archaeological dig that is set to rewrite the history books.
Experts have hailed the finds in Co Fermanagh as internationally significant, claiming they shed new light on life in medieval Ireland and its connection with the wider world.
Archaeologists at the Drumclay Crannog
Iron, bronze and bone ornaments have been discovered at the crannog just outside Enniskillen, along with the chess-like pieces believed to have been part of the game.
Parts of log boats, leather shoes, knives, decorated dress pins, wooden vessels and a bowl with a cross carved on its base have also been unearthed during the six-month dig.
The style and design of the antler and bone combs suggest influences from northern Europe and indicate that the Fermanagh settlement had international links 1,000 years ago.
The Drumclay Crannog, which is an artificial island built in a lake, is the first of its type to be excavated in the north of Ireland since 1870.
Iron spearhead.
Archaeologists believe people may have lived there from 600 AD to 1600 AD, and it was probably the home of a noble family, with perhaps four or five houses inhabited at any time. Parents, grandparents, children and servants would all have stayed on the crannog.
The artefacts uncovered so far date back to 900 AD but there are still a number of layers of settlement yet to be excavated.
Stormont Environment Minister Alex Attwood visited the site today and announced plans for an open day this Saturday to allow the public to tour the crannog and talk to the archaeologists.
“On my two visits to date, I have found the site, the dig, and the archaeology beyond my imagination, enormously exciting and changing my view of our history and Irish life,” he said.
Worn leather shoe sole
“This is the first substantial scientific excavation of a crannog in Northern Ireland. What has been found has the potential not only to be internationally important but ultimately to lead to a reassessment of life in Ulster in early Christian and medieval times.”
The site was excavated during the construction of a new road on the outskirts of Enniskillen.
Mr Attwood placed a temporary exclusion zone on the area to facilitate the dig, which is due to finish at the end of December.
Dr John O'Keeffe, principal inspector of historical monuments with the Department of the Environment, explained that the site is right in the middle of the proposed route of the Cherrymount Link Road.
Lid of wooden vessel
He said all the remains from the dig site would have been removed before construction work advanced.
“By the time the archaeological work is finished the site will not be here anymore,” he said.
Dr O'Keeffe said scientific advances made in the 140 years since the last time a crannog was excavated in the north had facilitated a greater understanding of life in such a settlement.
“It has enabled us to find out much more about diet, economy, agriculture and social structures here,” he said.
The expert said many of the finds had been unexpected and were similar to those unearthed at Viking sites in Dublin and York.
Some of the wooden artefacts have survived 1,000 years or more as a result of being submerged in water.
The settlement at the crannog has provided new evidence of living conditions in medieval Ireland.
It shows people lived in houses that would have been little bigger than a large modern living room, cooking and sleeping in the same space.
The walls were insulated with heather and other plants.
The objects found indicate that people were very sophisticated in their tastes, living as farming families, butchering their own animals and ploughing the land for crops.
They were very skilled at metalworking and woodworking, excelling at carpentry to construct the houses and crafting and decorating wooden containers of all sizes.
They played board games probably around the fire on cold evenings.
They wove their own cloth, having spun the wool from their own sheep.
“Archaeology is a fragile and finite resource,” said Mr Attwood.
“Once sites such as this have disappeared, we can never get them back again. Such sites have the ability to teach us a great deal and we owe it to future generations to rescue and to safeguard what we can.
“It will further enrich the fascinating fabric of our history and I am sure bring even more tourists to our shores. Anyone who visits on Saturday will simply have an unprecedented opportunity to see how our forefathers lived and to see history revealed before our very eyes.”
The minister added: “This is why I felt the need to open this spectacular excavation to the public.
“The Northern Ireland Environment Agency and Fermanagh District Council have been working in partnership to hold this open day between 9.30am and 3pm this Saturday and allow the public this unique opportunity to see the artefacts found, look down on the site of the dig and meet the experts behind this archaeological dig. It is an opportunity not to be missed and one likely not to be experienced in our lifetime again.”
The Drumclay Crannog open day will comprise a series of talks that will take place at the Fermanagh County Museum, followed by a guided tour of the archaeological site.
Access to the site for this tour can only be obtained via an official coach.
Booking is advisable on 028 6632 5000 or 048 6632 5000 in the Republic of Ireland.
A Houston mosque was torched on Christmas Day.
On Tuesday a devout Muslim attendee was charged with setting the blaze.
Gary Nathaniel Moore, a very devout follower of Mohammad, started the blaze.
Chron.com reported:
A Houston man has been arrested in connection with a suspected arson at a mosque on Christmas Day.
A spokeswoman for the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives confirmed that the man was arrested early Wednesday, sometime after midnight, and appeared in court 7 a.m. Wednesday.
The suspect, Gary Nathaniel Moore, 37, of Houston, appeared in court at 7 a.m., spokeswoman Nicole Strong said.
According to a charging instrument released by the Harris County District Clerk, Moore told investigators at the scene that he has attended the mosque for five years, coming five times per day to pray seven days per week.
Moore told investgiators had been at the mosque earlier on Dec. 25 to pray, and had left at about 2 p.m. to go home. Moore told investigators he was the last person to leave the mosque and saw no smoke or other signs of fire when he left. He had returned to the scene after hearing about the fire from a friend.
Using surveillance video from multiple businesses nearby, investigators were able to identify Moore, according to records. A search warrant of his home was conducted, in which investigators recovered a backpack and clothing that seemingly matched that which was seen in surveillance footage, as well as one half of a two-pack of charcoal lighter fluid bottles that seemed to match another lighter fluid bottle found inside the mosque.
Bond for Moore has been set at $100,000.
never done one of these before.
as you have probably already heard/assumed, I am parting ways with complexity.
as most of you might have guessed at this point, I've had a lot going on at home. My dad is extremely sick, and this coupled with other factors have led to a serious decline in my mental state as of recent. It has been affecting my gameplay for some time now, and this coupled with other factors led to less than desirable results recently.
the guys have decided to go a different route in terms of team composition, and i wish them nothing but the best of luck. Rory, Matt, Kia, Brad, and even Mike were and still are family to me. They took me in and showed me the ways of the world outside of New Jersey, put me on an airplane for the first time, took me to my first huge event (eLeague) and were an absolute pleasure to play with. I have not a doubt in my mind they will find success with their new lineup very soon.
As for me, I'm effectively a free agent, going to be picking the awp back up, and hitting the stream grind hard. This isn't the first bump in the road for me, in fact, I think this is an awesome learning/ingame experience and I'm excited to see what the future holds for me in the competitive landscape of CS. I know I've been underwhelming as of late, but I'm determined to take the bumps in stride and learn from them to be the best i can be.
Much love to the complexity family and all the sponsors that supported me from March 14th, the day of my birthday where I got the call to join up, to now. They have been nothing short of phenomenal people to me and everyone involved in the entire landscape of the organization, and are, in my eyes, a great model for any new organization to follow. Jason Lake, Jason Bass, and Kyle "Beef" Bautista were family I never had, and I will always maintain a firm connection with everyone involved in the compLexity family.
Have a nice night guys, see you in the rank S streams LUL.
-Shawn
Reply · Report Post
Greenpeace activist Priya Pillai shows her passport on which airport officials stamped 'Offload'.
Exactly two months after Greenpeace activist Priya Pillai was stopped from boarding a flight to London to speak to British MPs, the Delhi High Court has asked the government to quash and set aside the lookout circular against her.
The court has also directed the government to expunge the passport entry where it has been stamped as "offload".
In its 39-page order, the court observes that criticism by an individual may not be palatable, even so it cannot be muzzled. "Why must the state interfere with the freedom of an individual, as long as the individual operates within the ambit of laws framed by the legislature?" says the order adding, "the state may not accept the views of civil rights activists, but that by itself, cannot be a good enough reason to do away with dissent."
"I'm feeling very happy because this reposes our faith in the Indian judiciary. Big win for people who dare to have a different dream of development which may not coincide with the dream of the government... Big vindication of our work," Ms Pillai said after the court order.
The government too said that it will honour the court's order. "The fundamental rights are supreme and we will honour the order. We understand people can have differing views but India's image should not be dented. There should not be too many divergent views should be aired abroad," Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Home Affairs, told NDTV.
Ms Pillai, who was offloaded from the aircraft by immigration officials on January 11, was scheduled to visit London to make a presentation before British MPs regarding alleged human rights violation at Mahan in Madhya Pradesh where a proposed coal mining project was threatening to uproot the lives of the local communities.Ms Pillai said her offloading was "illegal and arbitrary" and she had a valid business visa for six months to visit London where she was scheduled to address British parliamentarians on January 14. Her name will now also be removed from any government database that prevents her from travelling abroad.
We know many of you consider your mobile device as your primary tool to consume business information, but what if you could use it to get more work done, from anywhere? We're excited to introduce
Get more done with your favorite third-party apps, no matter where you are We've worked with eight integration partners who have created seamless integrations for Docs and Sheets. Here's a preview of just a few of them: DocuSign - Trigger or complete a signing process from Docs or Sheets, and save the executed document to Drive. Read more here. DocuSign lets you easily create signature envelopes right from Google Docs ProsperWorks - Import your CRM data to create and update advanced dashboards, reports and graphs on Sheets, right from your device. Read more here.
- Import your CRM data to create and update advanced dashboards, reports and graphs on Sheets, right from your device. Read more here. AppSheet - Create powerful mobile apps directly from your data in Sheets instantly — no coding required. Read more here.
- Create powerful mobile apps directly from your data in Sheets instantly — no coding required. Read more here. Scanbot - Scan your business documents using built-in OCR, and insert their contents into Docs as editable text. Read more here.
You can find these add-ons and many more, including ZohoCRM, Teacher Aide,
Try them out today, and see how much more you can do. We know many of you consider your mobile device as your primary tool to consume business information, but what if you could use it to get more work done, from anywhere? We're excited to introduce Android add-ons for Docs and Sheets , a new way for you to do just that—whether it's readying a contract you have for e-signature from your phone, or pulling in CRM data on your tablet for some quick analysis while waiting for your morning coffee, Android add-ons can help you accomplish more.We've worked with eight integration partners who have created seamless integrations for Docs and Sheets. Here's a preview of just a few of them:You can find these add-ons and many more, including PandaDoc EasyBib and Classroom in our Google Play collection as well as directly from the add-on menus in Docs or Sheets Try them out today, and see how much more you can do.
Calling all developers: try our developer preview today!
As you can see from above, Android add-ons offer a great opportunity to build innovative integrations and reach Docs and Sheets users around the world. They're basically Android apps that connect with Google Apps Script projects on the server-side, allowing them to access and manipulate data from Google Docs or Sheets using standard Apps Script techniques. Check out our documentation which includes UI guidelines as well as sample code to get you started. We've also made it easy for you to publish your apps with the Apps Script editor.
Android add-ons are available today as a developer preview. We look forward to seeing what you build!
Courses on Atatürk should be renoved from curriculum, says Turkey's conservative teachers union
ISTANBUL
Turkey's conservative teachers' union Eğitim-Bir-Sen has suggested that courses related to Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of Turkish Republic, should be removed from school curriculums.The union's statement came after the Education Ministry announced that it had concluded efforts at renovating the schedule.The report, which was prepared by a total of 50 academics and teachers, stated that Kemalism should not be taught in middle class and high school. It also said that religion courses should be taught starting from first grade and that they should focus heavily on Islam, daily Cumhuriyet reported on Jan. 5.“The elites of the republic made the construction of a secular Turkish nation as an aim rather than a society with strong religious bonds,” the statement released by the union read, adding that Kemalism was “an understanding of education that doesn't permit differences.”“In other to reach their aims, religion was taken out of the constitution, religion, Arabic and Persian courses were taken out of the curriculum and the alphabet was changed in order to break bonds with the past. A modern education system was designed within the concept of a positivist understanding of science. There was an aim to raise human beings with a positivist understanding that humiliated religion and sanctified the mind and science,” the statement read.Eğitim-Bir-Sen is known for its nationalistic and conservative stance.Criticizing the reforms that were introduced during the formation of the Turkish Republic, Eğitim-Bir-Sen noted that issues of “religion and secularism” were being handled “in a broadness that surpasses its aim.”The union also said textbooks should be redesigned by taking the aforementioned suggestions into account. It added that no alternative views were presented in the curriculum.“Some of the principles of Atatürk that are involved in the syllabi of courses related to history and Atatürk have no validity,” the statement said.Several other suggestions were also involved in Eğitim-Bir-Sen's report, including the addition of the July 2016 failed coup to the syllabus and the development of courses on reciting the Quran.
Temych / Shutterstock.com
Gift cards are not exactly the most imaginative gift in the world, but they are easy to give and even easier re-gift. Yet despite their convenience, a surprising number of them go to waste.
Sales of gift cards have risen from $80 billion in 2007 to a forecasted $118 billion this year, a 47% increase in five years, according to a new report by advisory company CEB TowerGroup. But more than $1 billion on gift cards still goes unredeemed annually, says Brian Riley, research direct with CEB TowerGroup, despite significant improvements in the law governing the use of these cards. The Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 ruled that they should not expire until five years after they are issued, or after the date they are loaded with money. To be sure, those rules have certainly given new life to gift cards left at the bottom of the sock drawer: In 2007, 10% of gift card sales were estimated to have gone unredeemed versus 1% this year, Riley says.
But why do $1 billion in gift cards still going unredeemed? One problem is that five-year timeline. Indeed, only 50% of small businesses last five years, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. When a business does go under, he says, the consumer and his or her $100 gift card may have to get in line behind a creditor who's owed $100 million. The five-year minimum expiration date can also encourage people to delay using them, increasing the likelihood that the cards will get lost, says Elliot Bohm, CEO of CardCash.com, a company that buys gift cards at a discount from consumers and re-sells them. That's why, Riley says, “even if the gift card doesn't have an expiration date, it's better to use it sooner rather than later.”
The biggest mistake is to buy gift cards at face value, experts say. “Look for special gift card promotions,” says consumer advocate Edgar Dworsky. The “Ninety Nine” restaurant and pub chain will give a $5 bonus card with a $25 gift card. Similarly, Applebees restaurant chain currently offers a $10 digital bonus when people purchase $50 in digital gift cards. And as part of its Black Friday offers—on Thursday, Friday and Saturday this week—Rite Aid is giving a merchandise credit to those who buy a $50 gift card for Home Depot HD, -0.88% , Gap GPS, -1.11% , Old Navy or Banana Republic. For those wishing to trade in their gift cards for cash, sites like CardCash.com buy cards at around 80% to 85% of their value and will re-sell them at around 8% to 90% of their value.
Word of caution: Some gift cards are not really gift cards. Although the Wal-Mart's WMT, -0.43% reloadable gift card doesn't carry a service fee, it's actually a prepaid card that encourages the holder to re-load it with money and keep spending, says Odysseas Papadimitriou, CEO of the credit card and gift card website CardHub.com. (A spokesman for Wal-Mart says they're useful for gifts—from a parent to a child who's away at college, for example.) It's also worth checking what kind of gift card you receive, he says. For instance, a gift card obtained through a rewards/loyalty program is not subject to the same protections as store-bought gift cards and will likely have an earlier expiration date. A gift card obtained through purchase, on the other hand, is subject to the minimum five-year expiration date under the 2010 Card Act, Papadimitriou says.
Their drawbacks aside, gift cards are likely to be the most popular gift this year, studies suggest. Indeed, nearly one-third of Americans are asking for these pieces of plastic this year, while 27% want electronics and appliances, and only 9% of people want books, music and movies, according to a survey from Discover Financial Services. And 36% of consumers say gift cards are the thing they are most likely to buy this year. Helped by the popularity of digital gifts—like Starbucks coffee tokens advertised on Facebook—holiday shoppers will spend around $163 on gift cards, a record high, according to the National Retail Federation.
It's not always appropriate to give a gift card as a present, experts say. Immediate family members and baby boomers in particular are less likely to appreciate them, says Pamela Eyring, the president of the Protocol School of Washington, a training school that focuses on cross-cultural and business etiquette. “It's regarded as a thoughtless,” she says. “You don't even have to wrap it.” Still, for a friend who has enough stuff, a gift card for an experience—like a spa treatment, yoga class, cooking or acting class—is ideal, says Patricia Napier-Fitzpatrick, founder and director of The Etiquette School of New York. Just be sure to deliver it with a handwritten note, she says.
And whether or not you like the idea of gift cards, etiquette experts say, receive them graciously. “Make sure to tell the giver what you bought with the card,” Eyring says.
Dozens of languages are spoken and written in India but sometimes it becomes a hurdle to understand other people due to unfamiliarity of a particular language.
If you don't understand a language, you can't understand its culture, its people, its history etc.
Kashmiri or Kashmeeri is one such langauge which is the mother tongue of Kashmir. Kashmeer has a great asset of natural beauty which people enjoy throughout the year. If you are planning to visit Kashmir, you might require a guide to a local Kashmiri guy to lead you to the beautiful places.
There are a number of translation agencies providing their services in Kashmiri translation and interpretation.
Lingua world services has been providing its services in Kashmiri language translation and interpretation, which is the best milestone in its successful story. Kashmiri language is quite different and rarely spoken and written even by native Kashmiri people in Kashmir.
Simple Kashmiri language translators and interpreters are provided by lingua world services, with have high efficiency to understand technical as well as non technical Kashmiri content. If you have any Kashmiri language document to be translated, you can contact LWS to know more about Kashmiri language translation rates which are reasonable in comparison to other agencies or companies.
This is a fact that Kashmiri language translators are not available even in Kashmir as people are not interested to develop this language at all.
I have some friends over there and they told me that highly educated people are not interested in doing Kashmiri language translation due to number of reasons.
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Print
Google
Reddit
Email
WhatsApp
Skype
More
Pinterest
Pocket
Telegram
Like this: Like Loading...
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 23, 2014, 7:48 PM GMT / Updated May 23, 2014, 9:25 PM GMT
A few changes are on the way for YouTube's power users, and perhaps the most exciting feature is a way for video creators to raise money from their fans directly on the site.
People who make money from YouTube do so mainly in two ways: advertising, which of course happens on YouTube itself, and getting money from supporters — which happens elsewhere. Whether it's Kickstarter, Indiegogo or just a PayPal donation link, it means leaving the site.
If people can put a few bucks in the virtual tip jar without visiting another website, that could be more convenient.
The crowdfunding feature, announced in a video and blog post, isn't final yet, so there's no word on how the donation revenue might be split, where it will fit on the page, and so on. That information should be arriving in the next few months.
Something else serious YouTube users will find useful is an upcoming app specifically for administrating YouTube channels. Comment moderation, analytics and other options accessible from the desktop site's dashboard will be available on mobile — though there's no date on this app, either.
It's something to look forward to, and also something other crowdfunding platforms will want to take notice of. YouTube is huge, and if Google, which owns YouTube, convinces people to keep their money on the site, that could be a serious loss of revenue.
Vitamin B3 supplements can prevent miscarriages, birth defects: study
Updated
Simply taking vitamin B3 supplements can significantly prevent miscarriages and birth defects, a landmark Australian study has found.
Key points: Australian researchers say many miscarriages and birth defects caused by lack of molecule NAD
Problems can be prevented by vitamin B3 supplement
Women advised to take supplement before getting pregnant but after consulting their doctor
Scientists from the Victor Chang Institute in Sydney investigated why some women have multiple miscarriages and why some babies are born with heart, kidney and spinal defects.
They found a major cause was a deficiency of a vital molecule known as NAD, which is important for normal development of organs.
Lead researcher Professor Sally Dunwoodie said it was the first time NAD been associated with miscarriages and birth defects.
"We have discovered a whole new cause of birth defects and a way to treat it as well," she said.
"Arguably, it's the most important discovery for pregnant women since folate.
"The promise is that this could significantly reduce the number of miscarriages and babies born with defects."
Discovery could help millions of women
NAD is usually formed in the body as part of a healthy diet that includes eggs, cheese, salmon, turkey, nuts and seeds.
But you can also get it by taking supplements of vitamin B3.
The head of the Victor Chang Institute, Professor Bob Graham, said the discovery could potentially help millions of women around the world.
"What's exciting for me is that we may be able to help people who have children who have developmental defects or who have had miscarriages," he said.
In a study published in the New England Journal of Medicine, the team proved birth defects and miscarriages could be overcome by taking vitamin B3.
"We gave pregnant mice with the NAD gene knocked out a regular dose of vitamin B3 and we found it prevented miscarriages and birth defects, over-riding the genetic block," Professor Dunwoodie said.
Scientists optimistic but cautious about discovery
Clinical geneticist David Amor, from the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne, said the key finding was the mechanism that a genetic deficiency of NAD could cause birth defects.
"What is most interesting is that these defects are potentially treatable if the mother is given niacin [vitamin B3] supplementation during pregnancy," he said.
And while vitamin B3 was shown to prevent birth defects in mice, he said whether it was the case in humans was yet to be determined.
Telethon Institute's Carol Bower called it an "exciting advance" but said it was not clear if a lack of vitamin B3 was the only cause of birth defects.
"It's not yet clear whether other malformations may be linked to this cause and whether dietary supplementation with niacin [vitamin B3] in humans would prevent this," Professor Bower said.
The Australian Medical Association (AMA) said it was an exciting development but may be premature to compare it to the discovery about folate.
"Most miscarriages are caused by chromosomal abnormalities which are not caused by a vitamin deficiency or a mineral deficiency, so it's not modifiable," said the AMA's president Michael Gannon.
An 'amazing future' for babies and their families
Memphis Jackson is just like any eight-year-old. He enjoys playing computer games and kicking a ball with his brother Cayliss.
But he's had to endure much more than most children.
He was born with hypoplastic left heart syndrome, where the left side of the heart can't adequately supply blood because the lower left chamber is too small and the left hand side valves don't work properly.
This is the kind of birth defect that could be prevented in the future by women taking vitamin B3.
His dad, Craig Jackson, said Memphis's diagnosis came as a huge shock for the family.
"As first-time parents, only young, we were extremely taken aback, so it was a very confronting thing to deal with," he said.
While Memphis is well now, he may need a heart transplant when he is older.
Mr Jackson likens it to having a little Toyota Corolla engine in a big Landcruiser.
"Memphis has only got half a heart — so his half a heart is doing that work that our whole hearts do, so sooner or later it's going to burn out and stop working," he said.
Memphis's mother Tashan said being able to prevent heart defects like her son's would be amazing.
"Knowing that this breakthrough could mean that no babies are born with heart defects in the future, it just makes our hearts sing," she said.
"You can't put into words how amazing that is for the future of babies."
What does this mean for vitamin B3 and pregnant women?
Studies from the United States have shown up to a third of women have low levels of NAD in their blood and aren't getting enough B3 vitamin in their pregnancy supplements.
Scientists say women should take the recommended daily amount of B3 for pregnancy, which is 18 milligrams per day.
But Professor Dunwoodie said women who have problems absorbing nutrients, including those with diabetes, a high body-mass index or inflammatory bowel disease, may need a larger amount.
She said researchers would now start working on a test to measure a woman's NAD levels.
"The goal is to have a quick and easy test that could be done at the same time as a pregnancy test, either in urine or blood," she said.
The breakthrough was made possible by a grant from the National Health and Medical Research Council and philanthropic donations to the Victor Chang Institute, including the Chain Reaction Foundation, Key Foundation and the NSW Office of Health and Medical Research.
Topics: pregnancy-and-childbirth, reproduction-and-contraception, health, womens-health, babies, family-and-children, medical-research, sydney-2000, australia
First posted
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said the government will target 10% reduction in oil imports by 2022. Modi, who was in Odisha to inaugurate a 15-million tonne per annum Indian Oil Corporation refinery at Paradip, said he has asked his officials to try and achieve this target before the country's 75th year of independence.The event, at which Modi addressed a massive gathering, is being seen by some as an effort by Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan of the BJP to make the PM's visit to ruling Biju Janata Dal's strongest turf - coastal Odisha – one to remember.There has been political sparring over the refinery for the last several weeks. Pradhan's aggressive campaign in the run-up to the dedication of the refinery had prompted a competitive one from Naveen Patnaik's BJD, which claimed real credit for the Rs 34, 500-crore project, which is being sold as the "eastern energy gateway" of India.It started with Pradhan taking on Patnaik's claim of the Centre's neglect of Odisha. IOCL-funded vehicles equipped with films toured the state claiming Patnaik's most popular scheme -- rice at Rs 1 a kilo for BPL families--was largely subsidised by the Centre.Pausing to point out that Pradhan's face in oil ministry hoardings was a violation of a May 13 Supreme Court order, the BJD unleashed its propaganda machinery. On Friday, former Congress chief minister Giridhar Gamang also wrote to Modi saying it was actually he who had been instrumental in clearing roadblocks for the refinery.Some of that debate carried on to the IOCL gala stage at Paradip on Sunday. The chief minister pointed out that it was due to his father Biju Patnaik's "continuous efforts" that the Centre had agreed to a refinery at Paradip. He said his government had made available 3,300 acres of land, tax concessions and incentives that would amount to a “sacrifice of Rs 1lakh crore” on the part of the people of Odisha.The state is in the process of renegotiating a 2004 agreement with IOCL which promises a 30-year exemption of sales tax and a 11-year deferment of value-added tax.Modi followed, taking a swipe at Congress, but not sparing the BJD either. The 3300-acre land's worth only came from the local jobs the refinery would generate, he said."Whenever I announce something, the Congress says we started it. Of course it gives me pleasure to inaugurate something. But, as a prime minister, it gives me greater pleasure to announce a project complete," Modi said, adding that his government was introducing a new work culture. "Dharmendra Pradhan tells me in 60 years Odisha had only got 26 lakh gas connections. But he has ensured connections to 11 lakh households in Odisha in one year," he said.The acrimony over the refinery has led observers to question who is paying for this competitive blitzkrieg. “If IOCL has so much money for propaganda of one event, they should invest in protecting the mangrove or in providing toilets and drinking water at their outlets,” said environment activist Ranjan Panda.Earlier in the day, Modi dedicated to the nation the new campus of the Departments of the atomic Energy's National Institute of Science Education and Research. He also visited the Jagannnath Temple in Puri, before flying back to Vishakapatnam to attend the International Fleet Review in the afternoon.
Josh Ruebner of the US Campaign to End the Occupation hammers Rep. Allen West for his Israel junket in the Palm Beach Post and does the numbers:
It is questionable whether Rep. West's participation in this junket was even legal, according to congressional travel guidelines prohibiting lobbying organizations from paying for trips. The trip is nominally sponsored by the American Israel Education Foundation, a “charitable affiliate” of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the most influential of the myriad pro-Israel lobbying groups. However, AIPAC pays the staff salaries at its sister organization, making this a seeming violation of post-Abramoff ethics rules.
Making matters worse, Rep. West was lobbied to increase the debt by sending more weapons to a country that has been engaged in a 44-year military occupation of the West Bank, East Jerusalem and Gaza Strip that denies Palestinians freedom and self-determination. Surely the deficit-reducing tea party favorite would be hard-pressed not to agree that ending military aid to Israel as a sanction for it misusing U.S. weapons to commit systematic human rights abuses against Palestinians is the right thing to do .
If we are going to tame government spending, Rep. West should reconsider the $30 billion in weapons pledged to Israel from 2009 to 2018. Based on our calculations, using IRS data, his constituents are on the hook for $87 million of this earmark. Israel is not a sacred cow, and our bankrolling of its human rights abuses of Palestinians comes at a price we can no longer afford.
Former Toronto city councillor Karen Stintz is back in the public eye after picking up a gig with Newstalk 1010's morning radio show. Stintz confirmed she has taken up a position on Wednesday's Moore in the Morning show as a regular panelist.
Karen Stintz, a former Toronto city councillor, is shown as she announces her withdrawal from the mayoral race at City Hall on Aug. 21. Stintz will be back in the public eye with a stint on a morning radio show. ( AARON HARRIS / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
“I'll go down and I'll be a regular panelist on Wednesday mornings at 7:45,” Stintz said Wednesday. On Twitter, she joked she had “a new moniker. I am no longer the ‘former' TTC Chair.” The former TTC chair is no stranger to the radio waves. Aside from interviews as a city councillor, Stintz said she has stood in for panelists on the Newstalk show before as a guest, but things will be different during her regular morning stints.
Article Continued Below
Stintz said she welcomes the chance to talk about international and national issues rather than being tethered to Toronto-centric news. “It's been nice to talk about a range of issues, not just city issues — so it won't be focused solely on city hall,” Stintz said. On Feb. 4, Stintz took part in the show's panel discussion about drunk drivers, ISIS and girls' hockey league rules on contact. Moore in the Morning is hosted by John Moore, and runs from 5:30 a.m. to 9 a.m. on Newstalk 1010.
Read more about:
The task every developer fears “Hey, I sometimes get a timeout when I want to see the last gazillion days of activity in the dashboard. What gives?”
This problem started happening for a project I work on a few months ago. Through a lucky sequence of events I was able to push the problem back a couple of months … mostly just a beefier VPS on amazon with a bit more memory.
Yesterday I finally cleaned up everything else from pivotal tracker and was left with only that one dreaded item. That … slowness thing. Have you ever tried speeding up the execution of something when 80% of the codebase isn't yours?
Context! I need context!
Let me give you a bit of context for what's going on:
the project lets customers have many users
users enter events when they do stuff
the entries can be checked in a dashboard
there is a date-range picker to see more than just today's events
And that's where it all gets ever so slightly weird. When you choose anything other than today things start becoming increasingly slow and sometimes certain browsers decide that it's just too slow and timeout.
No, it isn't slow enough to cause the 30 second socket timeout.
No, caching wouldn't really benefit this activity either.
A simple benchmark
In light of what I've learned about unit testing being for lazy people last week, I decided to set up a unit test that is actually an integration test and most likely isn't either of those since it's some sort of benchmark.
But it goes in django‘s testing framework, the python module behind that is called unittest, so I'm calling it a unit test.
def test_date_range ( self ) : t1 = datetime . now ( ) response = self . c . post ( '/accounts/dashboard/' , { 'dateFrom' : ( datetime . now ( ) -timedelta ( days = 356 ) ) . strftime ( "%m/%d/%Y" ) } ) t2 = datetime . now ( ) self . assert_ ( ( t2-t1 ) . seconds < ; 2 , "Too slow" ) def test_date_range(self): t1 = datetime.now() response = self.c.post('/accounts/dashboard/', {'dateFrom': (datetime.now()-timedelta(days=356)).strftime("%m/%d/%Y")}) t2 = datetime.now() self.assert_((t2-t1).seconds < 2, "Too slow")
See, simple test. All it needed was exporting the whole production database into a fixture so django loads it up every time the test is run and then cleans up after itself.
The results are abominable! To return a dashboard with 250 rows of entries, this django app takes between 5 and 8 seconds. Clearly way way too much time!
The fix?
Indexes! Yes, adding an index where appropriate should speed things up immensely. Right?
Nope.
Creating indexes didn't even put a dint in that benchmark. There was more fluctuation from the effect of memory pages on mysql's performance. And anyway … what was I thinking really, indexes helping queries with less than 1000 rows of results? Don't be silly Swizec.
Now what?
Added a bunch of “spent time” prints in the code and realized that even though it takes less than a second to make everything ready it then takes five seconds to render the template.
Wait what! Five seconds to render the template!?
Oh right … django's querysets are lazy. That would probably explain it. The template is where those querysets get evaluated, they ping the database and that's the explanation I'm looking for. It must be!
Except it wasn't. Due to the way the view is written all the querysets get iterated over before the template is rendered. And they all have that magical select_related so all the fields getting accessed inside the template can't possibly be triggering more db queries can it?
Well … no.
The main module has a function added that returns the latest related object. This function, correctly, only gets called once per rendering for every model.
But the function returns a queryset.
That queryset is lazy and it gets evaluated every single time that related object is used, which turns out to be 30 times per displayed row. But can 30 queries explain the slowness in rendering? Or should it be even slower if my theory was in fact correct?
I don't know, but right now I'm working on a fix to make sure that object is solidified and is not a lazy queryset before it gets pushed to the template. If it works, great … otherwise I have no idea what I'll try next.
user.get_profile() also gets called awfully often. Wonder how that baby works …
Related articles
Related
Learned something new? Want to improve your skills?
Join over 10,000 engineers just like you already improving their skills!
Here's how it works 👇
Leave your email and I'll send you an Interactive Modern JavaScript Cheatsheet 📖right away. After that you'll get thoughtfully written emails every week about React, JavaScript, and your career. Lessons learned over my 20 years in the industry working with companies ranging from tiny startups to Fortune5 behemoths.
Get thoughtful letters💌 “Man, I love your way of writing these newsletters. Often very relatable and funny perspectives about the mundane struggles of a dev. Lightens up my day. ~ Kostas” Improve my career 💌 No spam. Unsubscribe at any time. ✌️ Powered By ConvertKit
PS: You should also follow me on Twitter 👉 here.
It's where I go to shoot the shit about programming.
Russia and the United States are preparing to discuss a new political settlement to end the war in Syria, but most Syrians are not betting on international diplomatic efforts to bring about a ceasefire.
They've seen too many previous attempts at negotiation fail.
"The world doesn't care about us. They only care about their own interests," said Abdul Khana'a, who recently left the Syrian city of Aleppo and is in Turkey seeking refuge from the war in Europe.
Russian combat aircraft and surface-to-air missiles have now arrived in Syria as Moscow seeks to bolster beleaguered Syrian president Bashar al-Assad.
The Russians are also digging in, adding firepower in the fight against ISIS. The United States is concerned about the Russian military buildup in Latakia province, one of the few remaining areas of support for Assad.
Some refugees, such as those at this sit-in on Saturday at Istanbul's bus station, are becoming frustrated with government measures that are restricting their movement through Europe. (Derek Stoffel/CBC) The Pentagon is worried about possible military confrontations between the Russians and the U.S.-led coalition that is bombing ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq. Canadian warplanes are taking part in that mission.
However, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he also sees the Russian escalation as an opportunity to once again seek a diplomatic solution to end the war, which has raged for four and a half years.
Kerry said the United States, "agreed completely on the urgency of nations coming together in order to resolve this war that has gone on for much too long."
Seeking safety
The prospect of more talks is not slowing the tide of Syrians who have decided to seek a safer existence outside of their country.
Tens of thousands have made their way to Europe in recent months, a wave of migration spurred by a realization that the fighting in Syria shows no sign of ending.
Residents of Aleppo and Homs told CBC News about the unending artillery and airstrikes by forces loyal to President Assad. Gun battles continue to spill out onto city streets across the country.
Syrian refugee Amar Aldoura has spent a week at Istanbul's main bus station, hoping to be allowed to cross at the Turkish land border with Greece. (Derek Stoffel/CBC) ISIS controls large swaths of Syria, and the group's violent rampage across the country has sent many Syrians fleeing. Four million are living in refugee camps or rented apartments in the countries that border Syria: Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq.
There are increasing challenges for those who have left Syria, too. Lebanon and Jordan have brought in border and employment restrictions that the refugees say have made it much more difficult to subsist.
Attitudes are changing, as well.
"When I first got to Turkey, they treated me well," said Amar Aldoura, a Syrian from Damascus who fled with his wife and baby son a year ago. Aldoura has been in Istanbul for about a month, hoping to gain access to Europe by crossing the land border with Greece.
"Now we are treated more badly," he said, adding that his family has been cursed at recently, and called "lazy Syrians" by a man at the Istanbul bus station where he's camped out.
Perilous journey
Even so, for many, conditions outside Syria are still preferable to those at home. With little hope that U.S.-Russian negotiations will result in peace, refugees continue to stream into Europe.
Afghan refugees call for help after their dinghy with a broken engine drifted out of control between the Greek island of Lesbos and the Turkish coast on Sept. 19. (Yannis Behrakis/Reuters) The journey by sea from Turkey to the Greek islands of Kos or Lesbos continues to be dangerous. Several boats and rubber dinghies capsized this week, and at least 13 people drowned on Sunday when their vessel collided with a ferry off the Turkish coast.
But winter is coming, and the trip will become even more treacherous when the weather changes. This may slow the tide of those trying to make it to Europe, but for those already on the move it's also increasing the urgency to reach a safe haven.
Many are aware that Canada has pledged to take in thousands of refugees.
"We are just as peaceful as the Canadian people. And as hard-working as the Canadian people. And we can mix in any society," said Amar Aldoura from Damascus.
Aldoura and other refugees camped out in Istanbul say they would welcome the chance be accepted by Canada. But they know the process is slow, and as winter approaches, Europe is their first choice.
"But we need to go now, before it's too late," Aldoura said.
on •
LEXIE CANNES STATE OF TRANS — That's right, a simple face-to-face conversation with a stranger will have a far more lasting positive impact, even if the stranger is exposed to fear mongering by opponents. In addition, the person conducting the conversation need not be or identify themselves as transgender — it makes no difference. All this, is according to a recent study published in Science.
Rather than mere storytelling, a 10-minute conversation of putting the person in the shoes of a trans person, as a therapist would do, and draw from their life experiences and connecting them with the oppression trans people face, does the trick. This technique shifts their thinking on trans matters, and later, these people would be able to make connection between the conversation and trans issues surfacing in their communities.
The researchers say this kind of personal interaction has an impact that lasts, even if later exposed to fear mongering and other tactics. The research also shows that the better one is at having the conversation, the greater the impact.
The study was conducted by David Broockman of Stanford University and Joshua Kalla at UC Berkeley. The findings are likely to significantly change the way trans and LGBT organizations conduct their outreach and advocacy campaigns.
A simple conversation is all it takes. Some times we can just leave the signs, bullhorns, anger, and so on, at home. This probably how the South Dakota bathroom bill got vetoed.
A summary by Zack Ford: http://thinkprogress.org/lgbt/2016/04/07/3767575/transgender-canvassing-study/
Durably reducing transphobia: A field experiment on door-to-door canvassing: http://science.sciencemag.org/content/352/6282/220
Abstract:
Existing research depicts intergroup prejudices as deeply ingrained, requiring intense intervention to lastingly reduce. Here, we show that a single approximately 10-minute conversation encouraging actively taking the perspective of others can markedly reduce prejudice for at least 3 months. We illustrate this potential with a door-to-door canvassing intervention in South Florida targeting antitransgender prejudice. Despite declines in homophobia, transphobia remains pervasive. For the intervention, 56 canvassers went door to door encouraging active perspective-taking with 501 voters at voters' doorsteps. A randomized trial found that these conversations substantially reduced transphobia, with decreases greater than Americans' average decrease in homophobia from 1998 to 2012. These effects persisted for 3 months, and both transgender and nontransgender canvassers were effective. The intervention also increased support for a nondiscrimination law, even after exposing voters to counterarguments.
Watch LEXIE CANNES right now: http://www.amazon.com/Lexie-Cannes-CourtneyODonnell/dp/B00KEYH3LQ
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Discrimination, Equality, Civil Rights, Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
YouTube / Screenshot
Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III is currently investigating President Donald Trump to determine if he committed obstruction of justice when he fired former FBI Director James Comey.
The Washington Post published a bombshell story on Wednesday that suggested that Mueller was now investigating Trump for obstruction of justice, but within that article, they hinted that investigators are also “looking for any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates.”
In short, they are looking into the Trump administration for money laundering as well.
“A former senior official said Mr. Mueller's investigation was looking at money laundering by Trump associates,” a source told the Times. “The suspicion is that any cooperation with Russian officials would most likely have been done in exchange for some kind of financial payoff, and that there would have been an effort to hide the payoffs, most likely by routing them through offshore banking centers.”
In April, House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Mike Quigley visited Cyprus, which “has a reputation as a laundromat for the Russians who are trying to avoid sanctions.”
“Sanctions are the possible motives for collusion,” Quigley said at the time.
Despite Comey telling Trump multiple times that he wasn't under investigation, the president came into Mueller's crosshairs after he fired Comey.
The Republican plan would alter both of those programs, changing the winners and losers. It would substantially cut funding for states in providing free insurance to low-income adults through Medicaid. And it would change how tax credits are distributed by giving all Americans not covered through work a flat credit by age, regardless of income.
That means that the biggest financial benefits would go to older Americans, like, say, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. If he didn't have a job in the Trump cabinet and access to government coverage, a 64-year-old multimillionaire like him would get the same amount of financial assistance as someone his age, living in poverty, and he would get substantially more money than a poor, young person.
The idea of matching tax credits to age makes some sense. Older people tend to have higher medical bills, and insurers, even under Affordable Care Act rules, charge them substantially higher prices. The new plan would also simplify the current system, which requires verifying every applicant's income and then giving just the right amount of financial assistance. It would also eliminate incentives for low-income people to avoid earning more (higher earners can face a reduction in benefits).
But the current system is set up to ensure that low and middle-income Americans can afford the cost of their premiums. The Republican plan would not do that, and would result in many more low-income people losing out on coverage if they couldn't find the money to pay the gap between their fixed tax credit and the cost of a health plan.
Older people without employer-based insurance typically earn more than young people, who tend to be starting out in their careers. It's hard to know precisely how many people would lose coverage under this proposal because it's missing some numbers. But similar tax credit plans from House Speaker Paul Ryan and Tom Price, the new secretary of health and human services, would result in millions losing coverage, according to independent estimates. (Mr. Ryan said Thursday in a news conference that the Congressional Budget Office was evaluating the new proposal, which means that we may see firm coverage estimates in the coming weeks.)
Refuting official Algerian findings the striker was killed by a sharp projectile thrown from the stands, the analysis by a Cameroonian pathologist claims the 24 year-old's death was the result of "brutal aggression" during a probable dressing room attack.
Cameroonian pathologist Andre Moune told AFP from Douala that he found Ebosse had suffered upper body injuries that indicated "signs of struggle".
The official Algerian version holds that Ebosse died in hospital on 23 August from head injuries sustained as he left the pitch under a hail of objects thrown from the stands following the 2-1 loss of Ebosse's JS Kabylie to visiting Algiers club USMA.
Algerian Sports Minister Mohamed Tahmi said at the time the death had been caused by him being struck by a piece of sharp slate.
The incident led to the JS Kabylie being banned from pan-African competitions for two years, and forced to play home league matches in empty stadia.
But results of Moune's autopsy at the Ebosse family's request flatly reject the Algerian version of events.
Does the United States need an election fraud investigation?
In “Basic Voting Principles,” Charles Corry outlined the conditions that we expect in our system of elections. These include the secret ballot, one man one vote, voter eligibility, transparency, votes accurately recorded and counted and finally, reliability.
He further outlines many issues with the integrity of the voting system in “Introduction to Voting Problems” This is followed with chapters by various authors outlining specific voting irregularities.
ADVERTISEMENT
Collectively, the Brennan Center for Justice, Minnesota Majority, People for the American Way summarize just some of the types of voter fraud as: double voting (ballot stuffing); dead voters; felon voter fraud; voter suppression; registration fraud; voter impersonation; vote-buying; fraud by election officials.
In an October National Review column, John Fund made a compelling case that of instances of voter fraud are swept under the rug. Certain organizations profess that voter fraud is trivial or non existent but evidence exists, as presented by Fund, that voter fraud is more common than the media reports.
Our own presidential election has had considerable controversy over voter fraud and election tampering. From allegations of rigging primaries to Russian hacking into the election networks, the news media has reported on these issues for months and they continue to grab almost daily headlines:
Potential rigging of the Democratic primary was reported by the New York Times in the July 2016 article “Debbie Wasserman Schultz to resign.” They write:
Earlier this month, Reuters transmitted a report from the Detroit News that:
“Numerous voting machines in heavily Democratic Detroit showed a greater number of ballots than poll workers records said were cast in the Nov. 8 presidential election, the Detroit News reported on Tuesday. About 37 percent of precincts in Wayne County, Michigan, where Detroit is located, showed such discrepancies, the newspaper reported, citing records prepared at its request by the county.”
CNN reported on Dec 13 that the top Senate Republican have joined the growing chorus of powerful voices on Capitol Hill Monday calling for a bipartisan probe of alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
These facts leave the American public confused or, as NPR reported in “The Russian Hacking Controversy, What We Do and Don't Know” on Dec. 12:
“It's a narrative with too few solid facts to be definitive but just enough that anyone can feel justified in drawing his or her preferred conclusions.”
Do we wish to leave these allegations hanging for the politicians, their surrogates and the armchair investigators to cherry pick the authoritative journalism, to spin their agenda with continued speculation which only serves to undermine the public's confidence in election results?
Or does our next president, who also complained that the elections are rigged, need to listen to the calls from the elected officials, the media and from much of the public to investigate all these allegations of election fraud?
Should the next president form an election fraud task force to confirm or refute these allegations; to make recommendations to strengthen the integrity of our voting process; to prosecute criminal violations of our election laws and to restore public confidence in the United States election process?
Surely now both sides of the aisle have an interest in saying yes.
John M. DeMaggio is a retired special agent in charge, and a retired captain in the U.S. Navy. The above is the opinion of the author and is not meant to reflect the opinion of the U.S. Navy or the U.S. government.
The views expressed by Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Transborder intelligence sources are usually double agents. When acting as guides for infiltrating terrorists they tend to give up those deemed as cannon fodder by the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) – the old, infirm and sick and those categorised as unreliable. The aim is to focus the Indian security forces' gaze on the designated group in order to protect the actual, high-value terrorists. The test of an intelligence officer's acumen and analytical ability is to be able to gauge which groups are high-value and which are being served up as decoys. Guides do a detailed reconnaissance of likely routes of ingress/egress on the LOC. Factors to be considered include the degree of observation from Indian posts and where bends of nullahs (watercourses) are situated. Security forces personnel are always on the lookout for people wandering about what seems to be aimless in forward areas.
According to Colonel Bipin Pathak, a veteran military intelligence officer, Kashmiri recruits to insurgency are generally sent to the Hizb-ul-Mujahideen by the ISI. Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish -e-Mohammed are usually manned by Pakistanis and other ‘guest militants'. Kashmiris are usually sent back to their home areas after training and infiltration because of terrain familiarity and having an over ground base of family, friends and associates.
After training at camps in Pakistan occupied Kashmir (PoK) and ISI assessment, would-be insurgents are moved to launching pads (like the ones struck by Indian special forces during cross Line of Control (LoC) raids in September 2016) where they typically stay for 2-3 days and are introduced to their guides. Extensive reconnaissance is done to assess likely routes of ingress.
After infiltration into India, the recruits are received in designated reception areas and handed over to their local counterparts by the PoK guides. Terrorists get new clothes and shoes upon reaching launch areas. The security forces and intelligence agencies look out for such persons. During their move to launch/deployment areas (usually by public transport or car) foreign terrorists can be identified by security forces by their differing dialects or lack of a local language at checkpoints or by undercover intelligence operatives. Here the men of Home and Hearth battalions of the Territorial Army (all locals) come in handy. Apart from the traditional method of concealing them in Phirans, weapons are transported within the inside panels of car/truck doors.
Doklam standoff
33 Corps' divisions (17, 20 and 27) tasked for the defence of Sikkim-Bhutan area usually move up to their defensive positions in summer on what is known as operational alert deployment. This involves cleaning and maintaining fixed defences, carrying out reconnaissance and generally familiarising themselves with their areas of responsibility. Current Chinese belligerence has meant an earlier deployment. The other two corps in the North-East (3 and 4) are also on heightened alert as are the IAF's SU-30MKI and Mig-27 squadrons at Chabua, Tezpur and Hashimara. Political considerations mean that the standoff is likely to continue till the National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party in October.
Officers' rations
Replacing officers' entitled rations with a monetary allowance in peace stations is a very impractical idea. Where do officers procure their rations from and get them cooked when moving on peacetime deployments like training, internal security duties or other temporary dislocations? Why haven't such intricacies of the nitty-gritty of service life been taken into account? I'd say this amounts to a deliberate slight to the whole officer corps.
(Please write in with your narratives of war and military life to msbajwa@gmail.com or call/WhatsApp on 093161-35343)
First Published: Aug 13, 2017 16:35 IST
Late last night Donald Trump announced an executive order that scraps the federal subsidies that make Obamacare possible. This move will undoubtedly throw the health markets into complete disarray, especially without any other program to put in ACA's place.
Essentially, the move erases $7 billion in federal subsidies that helped lower healthcare costs so people who qualified among lower income brackets could afford healthcare plans for their families.
“Dems should call me to fix!” Trump tweeted. This kind of politicking is revolting. People's lives will be directly impacted, and many could die as their premiums skyrocket.
There will be a fight, certainly. State attorney generals have threatened to sue the Trump Administration following last night's bombshell.
Hopefully the resistance can come out on top, because the results from Trump's barbaric executive order will be deadly. By next year, one million people will lose healthcare due to Trump's recklessness. The national deficit will actually get worse.
Intellectually bankrupt, the Republican party ascended to power on the coattails of Trump's demagoguery and bigotry. Once in power, Republicans could not follow through with their promise to repeal the conservative boogeyman of Obamacare for the simple reason that they lied. They were never capable of offering better healthcare for less without the government's involvement. Paul Ryan, the supposed policy wonk of the Republican party-turned complacent lapdog for an off-the-rails president, could offer up only a worse version of Obamacare.
While Trump will try and argue this is the opposition party's fault, make no mistake: without any other plan in place, Trump has thrown a policy bomb into the US healthcare system. What results from this callousness and hubris is Trump's fault alone.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Well, at least, this timefans can't retaliate against Fox.
"Dollhouse" has been canceled. Please don't yell at me, members of the Whedon cult. I am only the messenger.
Take heart in the fact that the network really did give the low-rated series, starring Eliza Dushku, a chance. All 13 episodes will air, and the advance notice has given Whedon a chance to give the series a satisfying ending, according to a Fox spokesperson. The remaining episodes will begin airing Dec. 4.
And if that doesn't make you feel any better, consider that now Whedon is free to direct even more episodes of "Glee" if he wants to.
And if you're still not consoled, buy hundreds of thousands of DVDs. It worked for "Firefly" and "Serenity."
[Updated 1:30 p.m.: The remaining episodes of "Dollhouse" will air this way: Two episodes will air each night on Dec. 4, Dec. 11 and Dec. 18 from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. The last three episodes will air Jan. 8, Jan. 15 and Jan. 22 at 9 p.m.]
[Updated 2:13 p.m.: Whedon has posted a statement on whedonesque.com, where he says, in part, "For now there's a lot of work still to be done, and disappointment to bear." Read it in its entirety here.]
-- Maria Elena Fernandez
Photo: Dushku in an episode of "Dollhouse." Credit: Fox
Related:
Joss Whedon speaks about his "Glee" directorial debut
Fox sticks with "Dollhouse"
Linux Systems Administrator - Join the Brightbox team!
We're looking for an experienced and motivated Linux Systems Administrator to join our small but highly productive team here at Brightbox.
Main responsibilities
Support and run:
Brightbox Cloud, our “infrastructure as a service”
our networking infrastructure
our customers' managed clusters
our backup systems
our network management and monitoring systems
Proactively find ways of improving our services and systems
Provide excellent customer service and support
Assist with technical sales
Participate in an out-of-hours on-call rota
Update technical and process documentation
Help design and build new services and systems
You have an insatiable desire to understand things, to break them apart and to fix them. You are continuously looking for ways to improve things. You are enthusiastic about some technologies and vocalise your reasoned dislike for others. You have strong opinions and stand by them when it really matters, but are willing to compromise when it doesn't. You don't take yourself too seriously and are comfortable with others reviewing your work. You love what you do.
Essential Skills and Experience
Strong experience with GNU/Linux based systems
Strong experience with web technologies such as NGINX, Apache
Experience with common Internet services such as DNS and SMTP
Experience working with customers
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team
Keeps up with new technologies and developments
Good written and verbal communication skills
Experience with conventional database systems, like MySQL or PostgreSQL
Familiarity with distributed cloud infrastructure concepts
Desirable Skills and Experience
Familiarity with configuration management systems like Puppet
Familiarity with Ruby
Familiarity with virtualization technologies such as KVM and Xen.
Familiarity with storage systems like GlusterFS, Openstack Swift
Familiarity with modern database systems like Elasticsearch, Riak, Redis
Familiarity with router and switch configuration
Familiarity with the open source development cycle (reporting issues/contributing upstream etc.)
Our team
We're system engineers and developers. We're obsessive about great user experience and clear documentation. We're passionate about high availability, performance and consistency, though not all at once ;). We've coded seriously in Ruby, C, Delphi, Ada, C++, Python, Amiga AMOS, PHP, Java, Objective-C, Pascal, Eiffel, Basic, Perl, Informix 4GL, Javascript and Bash. We use GNU/Linux and OS X. We take our work seriously but we have fun.
Like our systems, our teams are geographically distributed, communicating in real-time throughout the working day using our private Jabber conference or phone calls. We manage and track our work with Redmine. We're a lean organisation – you'll have direct access to leadership as well as other teams. Our development, engineering and operations teams all work closely together which shortens the feedback loop and means we get things done better.
Location
You can work from anywhere in the world, but you need to be able to work mostly during standard UK business hours. If you're nearby, you can choose to work from our office in Leeds.
Salary
Salary is in the range £25,000-£40,000 depending on experience.
1st November 2013.
How to apply
Send a hello email, a CV and salary expectations to jobs at the Brightbox dot com domain. CVs should be in an open format, preferably PDF or plain text.
We do not deal with any recruitment agents. If you're a recruitment agent and insist on contacting us anyway, you can email jason.null@brightbox.com.
A few interesting things have been happening in the DirectX and XNA world, and I think people haven't really noticed yet. It's been done quietly, not because Microsoft is trying to hide anything but because they've always been big believers in the “fade into the night” approach to canceling projects. Or their communication ability sucks. Cancel may be the wrong word here, but the DirectX developer experience is going to be quite a bit different moving forward.
Let's start with the DirectX SDK, which you may have noticed was last updated in June of 2010. That's about a year and a half now, which is a bit of a lag for a product which has — sorry, had — scheduled quarterly releases. Unless of course that product is canceled, and it is. You heard me right: there is no more DirectX SDK. Its various useful components have been spun out into a hodge-podge of other places, and some pieces are simply discontinued. Everything outside DirectX Graphics is of course gone, and has been for several years now. That should not be a surprise. The graphics pieces and documentation, though, are being folded into the Windows SDK. D3DX is entirely gone. The math library was released as XNA Math (essentially a port from Xbox), then renamed to DirectXMath. It was a separate download for a while but I think it might be part of Windows SDK from Windows 8 also. I haven't checked. The FX compiler has been spun off/abandoned as an open source block of code that is in the June 2010 SDK. There are no official patches for a wide range of known bugs, and I'm not aware of a central location for indie patches. Most of the remaining bits and pieces live on Chuck Walbourn's blog. Yeah, I know.
In case it's not obvious, this means that the DirectX release schedule is now the same as the Windows SDK, which always corresponds with major OS updates (service packs and full new versions). Don't hold your breath on bug fixes. Last I heard, there's only one person still working on the HLSL compiler. Maybe they've hired someone, or I assume they have a job opening on that ‘team' at least. What I do know is that for all practical purposes, DirectX has been demoted to a standard, uninteresting Windows API just like all the others. I imagine there won't be a lot more samples coming from Microsoft, especially big cool ones like the SDK used to have. Probably have to rely on AMD and NVIDIA for that stuff moving forward.
That covers the native side. What about managed? Well the Windows API Code Pack hasn't been updated in a year and a half so we won't worry about that. On the XNA front, two things are becoming very clear:
* XNA is not invited to Windows 8.
* XBLIG is not a serious effort.
The point about XBLIG has been known by most of us MVP guys for a while now. Microsoft promised a lot of interesting news out of this past //BUILD/ conference, which I suppose was true. However you may have noticed that XNA was not mentioned at any point. That's because XNA isn't invited. All of that fancy new Metro stuff? None of it will work with XNA, at all, in any fashion. (Win8 will run XNA just like any other ‘classic' app.) That also implies pretty minimal involvement with the Windows app store. Combined with the fact that XBLIG has never been a serious effort to begin with, I'm dubious about tablet support for managed games. XNA does work on WinPhone7 and Win8 does support Win7 apps, so it ought to work in principle. Maybe. Given the niche status of Windows Phone 7 at the moment, and major losses of tech like UDK and Unity from that ecosystem, I'm also expecting WinPhone8 to be much more friendly to native code. (If not, I expect that platform to fail entirely, and take Nokia with it.)
I'm also looking at this e-mail right now in my box, which starts as follows:
As you know, the 2012 Microsoft MVP Summit is Feb 28-Mar 2, 2012. We wanted to inform you that DirectX and XNA technologies will not be hosting sessions at the Summit. As MVPs, you are still encouraged to attend and be a part of the global MVP community, and you'll have the ability to attend technical sessions offered by other product groups.
Really? No DX/XNA sessions at all? I don't think DirectX is fading into the sunset because it's a core technology. XNA will most likely disappear. For some reason, Microsoft is getting out of the business of helping developers produce games and other 3D applications at the exact same time that they're adding core support for it. Yes, Visual Studio 11 has model and texture visualizing and editing. It even has a visually based shader editor. I'll let you take a wild guess on how well that will work with XNA code.
I don't know exactly what Microsoft is going for here, but every couple of days somebody asks me when the next DirectX SDK is going to be released and I think I'm just explicitly stating what Microsoft has vaguely hinted for a while now. There is no new DirectX SDK, soon or ever. And I'm not holding my breath for any XNA updates either. I am told there is an XNA 5, but they won't be at the summit apparently. If there is some actual future in XNA, feel free to make yourselves heard on the mailing lists because right now it's really difficult to understand why anyone would bother.
Important clarification: I do NOT think DirectX is being deprecated or vanished or even dramatically changed at the core. (I'm less confident in XNA.) The SDK is being vanished, subsumed into Windows SDK as a component just like all the rest of Windows. So coding DX is no more special than coding GDI or Winsock. There will still be 11.1 and 12 and all that, probably delivered with OS releases and service packs. “DirectX 11.1” will actually be synonymous with “Win7 SP2”. That has been the case for a while, actually. What's going away is the wonderful developer support we've enjoyed as long as I can remember. Compare the D3DX libraries across 9, 10, and 11. Is this really a surprise? It's been slowly happening for years.
Advertisements
The cause of death is still under investigation
Update: Last night, the University sent out an email to the students involved in the College of Food, Agriculture, and Environmental Sciences as well as the students in the School of Environment and Natural Resources to confirm the unfortunate death of Bryan Cottrell. He was a graduate student studying Plant Pathology at Ohio State. Over the next few days, the University will be providing counseling and consultation services for any and all students, faculty, and staff in Columbus and Wooster who may need it, acknowledging that this is a very sad time for the CFAES students.
A student was reported dead on the scene at Kottman Hall at 9:23am this morning, according to Ohio State University Police.
The incident was reported by a male staff member and according to the police report, occurred between 7:13pm last night and the time it was reported.
The cause of death is still under investigation.
OSU spokesperson Ben Johnson confirmed the death of a graduate student. In a statement, he told The Tab the police reported “no signs of foul play” and “continue to investigate it as a possible suicide.”
“It is with great sadness that we confirm the death of one of our graduate students. At 9:23am, OSUPD received a call reporting a possible suicide inside Kottman Hall. Police immediately responded and secured the scene. The cause of death is not yet confirmed but police continue to investigate it as a possible suicide and there are no signs of foul play. Counseling resources are being made available to those in need.”
Students seeking support can contact the OSU Counseling and Consultation Service at (614) 292-5766.
More information to follow.
@zweaver24_
“This strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us, while supporting partners on the front lines, is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years. And it is consistent with the approach I outlined earlier this year: to use force against anyone who threatens America's core interests, but to mobilize partners wherever possible to address broader challenges to international order. ” — President Obama, September 10, 2014
“The United States is closing its embassy in Yemen to the public until further notice, the embassy said in a statement on Monday amid political turmoil after that nation's government resigned last week under pressure from the Houthi rebel movement. ‘The U.S. Embassy will be closed to the public until further notice out of an abundance of caution and care for our employees and others who may be visiting the Embassy. We are continuously analyzing the security conditions and will resume consular operations as soon as our analysis indicates we are able to do so safely,' the statement said.” — Reuters, January 26, 2015
* * * *
“Forty-two years of tyranny was ended in six months. From Tripoli to Misurata to Benghazi — today, Libya is free. Yesterday, the leaders of a new Libya took their rightful place beside us, and this week, the United States is reopening our embassy in Tripoli. This is how the international community is supposed to work — nations standing together for the sake of peace and security, and individuals claiming their rights. Now, all of us have a responsibility to support the new Libya — the new Libyan government as they confront the challenge of turning this moment of promise into a just and lasting peace for all Libyans.” — President Obama, September 21, 2011
“The United States shut down its embassy in Libya on Saturday and evacuated its diplomats to neighboring Tunisia under U.S. military escort amid a significant deterioration in security in Tripoli as fighting intensified between rival militias, the State Department said. ‘Due to the ongoing violence resulting from clashes between Libyan militias in the immediate vicinity of the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli, we have temporarily relocated all of our personnel out of Libya,' spokeswoman Marie Harf said.” — the Daily Mail, July 26, 2014
* * * *
“We're demonstrating the power of American strength and diplomacy. We're upholding the principle that bigger nations can't bully the small — by opposing Russian aggression, and supporting Ukraine's democracy, and reassuring our NATO allies. Last year, as we were doing the hard work of imposing sanctions along with our allies, as we were reinforcing our presence with frontline states, Mr. Putin's aggression it was suggested was a masterful display of strategy and strength. That's what I heard from some folks. Well, today, it is America that stands strong and united with our allies, while Russia is isolated with its economy in tatters. That's how America leads — not with bluster, but with persistent, steady resolve.” — President Obama, January 20, 2015
“Unexpectedly, at the height of the Ukrainian winter, war has exploded anew on a half-dozen battered fronts across eastern Ukraine, accompanied by increasing evidence that Russian troops and Russian equipment have been pouring into the region again… The renewed fighting has dashed any hopes of reinvigorating a cease-fire signed in September and honored more in name than in fact since then. It has also put to rest the notion that Russia's president, Vladimir V. Putin, would be so staggered by the twin blows of Western sanctions and a collapse in oil prices that he would forsake the separatists in order to foster better relations with the West. Instead, blaming the upsurge in violence on the Ukrainians and the rise in civilian deaths on ‘those who issue such criminal orders,' as he did on Friday in Moscow, Mr. Putin is apparently doubling down, rather than backing down, in a conflict that is now the bloodiest in Europe since the Balkan wars…. newly emboldened separatist leaders have abandoned all talk of a cease-fire. One of the top leaders of the Russian-backed rebels said Friday that his soldiers were ‘on the offensive' in several sectors, capitalizing on their capture of the Donetsk airport the day before.” — New York Times, January 23, 2015
* * * *
“And tonight, I call on this Congress to show the world that we are united in this mission [to defeat the Islamic State] by passing a resolution to authorize the use of force against ISIL. We need that authority.” — President Obama, January 20, 2015
‘“The analogy we use around here sometimes [in describing ISIL], and I think is accurate, is if a jayvee team puts on Lakers uniforms that doesn't make them Kobe Bryant,' Obama said, resorting to an uncharacteristically flip analogy. ‘I think there is a distinction between the capacity and reach of a bin Laden and a network that is actively planning major terrorist plots against the homeland versus jihadists who are engaged in various local power struggles and disputes, often sectarian.'” — President Obama, quoted in the New Yorker, January 27, 2014
* * * *
“We're also supporting a moderate opposition in Syria that can help us in this effort, and assisting people everywhere who stand up to the bankrupt ideology of violent extremism.” — President Obama, January 20, 2015
“With ‘respect to Syria,' said the president, the notion that arming the rebels would have made a difference has ‘always been a fantasy. This idea that we could provide some light arms or even more sophisticated arms to what was essentially an opposition made up of former doctors, farmers, pharmacists and so forth, and that they were going to be able to battle not only a well-armed state but also a well-armed state backed by Russia, backed by Iran, a battle-hardened Hezbollah, that was never in the cards.'”–“Obama on the World,” Thomas Friedman, New York Times, August 8, 2014
* * * *
“I mean, words mean something. You can't just make stuff up.” — Barack Obama, September 6, 2008
Freeroamer said: I'm glad that the council are posting their opinions as much as I am in favour of the opinions presented thus far in this thread and do not have much to add to them. While I am also glad a vote is being held just before UU open, I have to question the logic of the timing of the vote. Why hold it literally the day before UU open and not a week before or some similar timeframe? Im glad potentially broken threats are being voted on before the biggest free for all tournament, but is the day before round 1 really the best time to announce results? These are obviously meta game defining threats, otherwise they wouldn't been voted on, and their absence or lack of will shape the metagame that is played so I don't really understand this. Click to expand...
Not council or anything, but I really got your sentiments from the post and thought the same thing initially when they decided to suspect Weavile over other things. I'm not upset at the decision they made about Weavile, I just don't think it was the correct thing to do from a time aspect or tier related aspect. There are many other things as shown with the current suspects that I, along with some other people, thought would better suit testing the time they had before the tour. However, I completely understand why they did make that decision and waited awhile before retesting some of these threats. They had just recently tested 2 of these mons, Xurkitree and Buzzwole, less than a month ago in relatively the same metagame, except now they have the addition of Weavile and loss of Mega-Swampert, which I don't think would change the voting much on these specific mons. It would just be in bad taste to vote on these mons again so soon after being initially tested when the metagame itself had changed so little in comparison. The other conclusion I came to is that their lives might've just come up. I mean, Hogg has a kid and was out of town or something for a week and I'm sure Hikari and the council have been busy with other things, so it wouldn't surprise me that some life events came up that made the Weavile test take 2 1/2 weeks forcing them to postpone this until later. Personal lives should come before Pokémon, which is not even something that should really be questioned unless your life is this game at which point I suggest you take a good hard look in the mirror, scrape those dorito stains off your face and maybe get some therapy. Additionally, the reason I think they don't wait until after and just lock the current metagame in for open is because the metagame is just really bland right now. Building isn't that creative because of the current threats, while playing the same few top mons over and over again isn't really that fun either. I could be completely wrong on that one, but I'd rather take a chance on getting rid of these things and figuring some of the new metagame changes out than play what is currently available. I'm just saying this because I thought the same thing you did at first and just wanted to say the conclusion of what I thought was their decision on the way things played out is all.Anyways, as for the suspects I think Buzzwole's going to get a sizable ban vote from what has already been said and there would be no changing that with valid points already being made, Latias will get a sizable no ban vote because it wasn't banned prior to the tier shifts and these shifts have been more detrimental to it than anything, and Xurkitree will be the major topic of discussion. A lot of offense players in general believe that Xurkitree isn't really that big of a problem and honestly vs most offense I don't see it as a problem, however, when you step into different playstyles, this is probably where it gets a little more questionable. Overall, balance is what I consider to be the weakest current playstyle with the large amount of drops from Mamoswine to Mega-Pidgeot and, while I didn't talk about it in my previous Weavile post as I didn't think I had enough experience with the playstyle and didn't want to overstep my boundaries, I really do believe its worth taking a look at how all playstyles are effected by a certain mon before making a decision and not just the playstyle you mostly use or have been using in a certain metagame. Xurkitree allows balance little breathing room in the form of choice specs and tail glow sets both of which pressure the playstyle immensely. Dealing with Xurkitree along with the majority of other threats such as Mamoswine, Mega Pidgeot, Weavile, Crawdaunt, etc. just feels like an extremely over the top problem for balance in its current state. I don't really feel like I would be the best person to defend balance, however I really do think it needs some sort of help in this metagame. I also agree with Sacri's previous post that it can pressure certain mons on offense enough with its variety of sets to warrant a check such as Latias, Hydreigon, etc. on most teams and, while I think the checks are relatively easy fits on a lot of teams, I believe being able to threaten bulky offense even with those checks while also causing major issues for balance and stall is enough to put Xurkitree over the edge even if it has little viability vs Hyper Offense. However, at the end of the day, the only poor way I see this vote turning out is keeping the metagame as is, as I think the current metagame just centralizes around a few threats, majorly buzzwole, with little to no room for building variety, so I do think some additional change would lead the metagame in the right direction.
Written by Khushbu Shah, CNN
At its height, the college of fine arts library at the University of Baghdad housed more than 70,000 books. From floor to ceiling, the topics ranged from the history of art, modern forms of art, and oral history.
Students from around the country came to study at the sprawling university campus in the Iraqi capital and study in the massive library.
Then came the US-led Iraq invasion in 2003.
And when the shells stopped dropping, the books that had not been looted were left as ash. The entire library was destroyed as the rubble settled.
Now, one lone artist is trying to restock those books.
White books for Baghdad
Moving from the holy city of Najaf to the capital, Wafaa Bilal, an Iraqi-American artist, spent his university years at the library tucked away on a campus by the Tigris River.
Twenty-five years later, the memory of fine arts library has stayed with Bilal.
The library has since been rebuilt, but very few books stand on the shelves.
Blank books to rebuild Baghdad library
Since his time on the campus, he'd like to help rebuild the library through art.
As an artist, he wavered between an installation piece, a performance piece and the opportunity to use art to provide a tangible result.
Bilal has set up a forty foot long all white bookshelf filled with a thousand blank, white books in Windsor, Ontario the last week of January as an exhibition, entitled "168:01," to raise awareness on redevelopment.
He wants it to be an interactive art project, as well.
Bilal (right) as a student at the University of Baghdad Credit: Wafaa Bilal
"First, books get made as blank white books. Then, the second stage is people donating real books and receiving white books. Later on the entire library will be shipped to Baghdad," Bilal explains.
A coordinating Kickstarter campaign. He gives a blank, white book to anyone who donates $25. With the money, he will buy books to restock the College of Fine Arts library and ship them to Baghdad once the exhibition ends in March.
So far, he has managed to raise more than $55,000 dollars. Bilaal aims to restock the library with the entire 70,000 books the library once held.
Life in Baghdad
In the bustling city, students spent their free time strolling through parks, going through the markets and enjoying tea at busy restaurants.
Though he was studying Geology, he spent the majority of his time reading art books and making art. He was an artist but because of his family's political opposition to Saddam Hussein's regime, he was forbidden to study it.
Then the first Gulf War broke out.
In danger -- his family also opposed Hussein -- he fled to Kuwait before ending up in a refugee camp in Saudi Arabia. Two years after his departure from Iraq, he made it to the US.
Back to Iraqi culture
Even though he is now a New York resident, Bilal's work reflects upon his Iraqi background.
The title of the exhibition 168:01 refers to an oral story told him as a child growing up in Iraq about the Mongolian invasion.
168 refers to the hours books bled their ink into water after conquering Mongolians threw books into the Tigris to create a bridge to cross over. The books bled blue ink, the legend says, until they turned white.
And the one second is "where I am hopeful to usher in a new era of reconstruction in the library in Baghdad," Bilal adds.
I think most would agree, fall is THE season for baking. Although I am an atrocious baker of cookies and cakes, I can bake a decent loaf of bread from time to time. After our first big snowfall here in Duluth, I was excited to dig into a new baking experiment, but wasn't sure what I wanted to do. I peered into my fridge and saw an Oktoberfest from Lake Superior Brewing staring back at me. I was inspired… beer bread! I started to think about what would pair well with the caramel, malty-deliciousness of the Oktoberfest and pumpkin seemed to be the perfect match. Okotberfest Pumpkin Beer Bread, how fitting for the season!
I had a great start with the Oktoberfest and pumpkin, but I needed some extra ingredients to really make this bread special. I happened to find pepitas (hulled pumpkin seeds) at the supermarket and immediately thought that would be a great addition to the bread. I also wanted to make it extra autumnal, so I added lots of cinnamon and nutmeg. Then, I remembered I had some ground sumac (find it here)in my spice cabinet and thought that would add a unique citrus note to the bread. Odd, I know, but it works! I sweetened the pumpkin beer bread up with some brown sugar and honey. I started to feel like this loaf would turn into something really delicious.
I tend to cook completely off the cuff, but this time around I made an effort to be a bit more precise and actually write a proper recipe. My family and friends have been teasing me about my inability to write my recipes down for years. So, I am turning over a new leaf and proving to my loved ones that I can, in fact, write recipes for others to enjoy.
Oktoberfest Pumpkin Beer Bread
Ingredients:
3 cups All Purpose Unbleached flour
3 teaspoons Baking Powder
1 teaspoon Kosher Salt
2 tablespoons ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground sumac berries (optional, but tasty if you have it!)
1 teaspoon grated or ground nutmeg
1/2 cup brown sugar (plus 2 tablespoons for topping)
1 cup pepitas (plus 2 tablespoons for topping)
1 12oz bottle of Oktoberfest beer
1 15oz can of pumpkin puree
1 tablespoon honey
1/2 cup melted butter
Prep Time: 1o minutes
Cook Time: 1 hour- 1.25 hours
Directions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix all dry ingredients and 1 cup of the pepitas together in a large bowl or stand mixer. Add honey, melted butter, pumpkin puree, and beer to dry mixture. Mix on low speed or by hand until just combined. Do not over mix the batter, folks. Pour batter into a greased bread pan and sprinkle the reserved brown sugar and pepitas to the top of the batter. Bake for 60-85 minutes or until a toothpick comes (mostly) clean when you pierce the loaf with it. There will be some crumbs that come up with the toothpick, and that is okay. Let cool and enjoy!
I used my best friend, parents, and grandparents as my taste testers for this recipe. I figured they would be honest with me about the results and also forgive me if pumpkin beer bread was terrible. I was pleased by the feedback I received- they all said it was dense and moist, slightly sweet and had a nice crunch from the pepita/brown sugar topping. All together a success for my little fall baking experiment. I hope it inspires you to do some cooking with beer in your kitchen!
A 38-year-old man died early Saturday morning after being found shot in a Hainesville driveway in what police are describing as a domestic violence-related incident.
Grayslake police were dispatched to 110 W. Big Horn Drive at 11:26 p.m. Friday, where the man was lying face down in the driveway and three other occupants of the house outside, Grayslake police Chief Phillip Perlini said in a news release.
The man, whose name was not released, was transported to Advocate Condell Medical Center in Libertyville, where he died at 12:35 a.m. Saturday, the release said. An autopsy is scheduled for Monday.
No charges were filed as of Saturday afternoon, Perlini said.
Sgt. Christopher Covelli, of the Lake County Sheriff's office, said evidence technicians from the Lake County Major Crime Task Force were at the scene Saturday.
fabderholden@tribpub.com
Twitter @abderholden
A disastrous start for Laurent Blanc, in his first competitive game as France manager.
Blanc had severe selection problems before the match. He was without Nicolas Anelka, Patrice Evra, Jeremy Toulalan, Franck Ribery, Yoann Gourcuff, Samir Nasri, Hatem Ben Arfa, Karim Benzema and Lassana Diarra due to injury or suspension. His starting line-up was a system that was broadly 4-4-2, with Yann M'Vila very deep ahead of the back four, and Loic Reomy dropping off Guillaume Hoarau upfront.
Bernd Stange chose a 4-2-3-1 for his Belarus side, that was rigid defensively and fluid further forward. An average position diagram would probably end up looking more like 4-2-4, because the front four players were allowed to switch around and interchange as moves progressed, with the players returning to defend the nearest zone when moves broke down, rather than the position they started from. So the Hleb brothers would often switch, or Vitali Rodionov would often end up on the flank.
As you might expect, the home side were dominant during the opening period of the game, keeping possession well despite (in theory) their numerical disadvantage in the centre of midfield. The two France (and Arsenal) full-backs got into advanced positions, allowing France's wide players to move inside into the centre of the pitch, although they also dropped deep to come and get the ball, the further into the match France were at 0-0. Remy dropped to the right sometimes when defending, and he and Menez seemed to have the freedom to change positions in the opening period.
Little creativity from France
France played well up until about 25 yards from goal, when the attacks broke down because of a lack of creativity, and a lack of understanding between players not remotely used to playing with each other. Hoarau was given a bit of a battering in L'Equipe with a 3/10 rating, but he won a decent amount of balls in the air – the problem was surely that he wasn't receiving enough support from onrushing midfielders.
The 'story' is that France were awful, unable to beat a side that has never qualified for a major international tournament. But the truth is that Belarus were more ‘good' than France were ‘bad'. They were organised, compact, disciplined and patient in their build-up play.
What was most notable about the away side's defensive shape (in addition to the front four taking it in turns to drop in as the wide players when defending) was how deep the striker, and the link player (between the midfield four and the striker) dropped when Belarus didn't have the ball. There was little attempt at closing down the France centre-backs when they had the ball, and sometimes, when M'Vila got the ball, he found ten Belarus outfield players between him and goal.
In addition, however, they didn't play a particularly deep defensive line, which helped them keep it tight between the lines. And when they won the ball, the fact the forward four were so close together meant that could combine and build up play gradually, gently easing their whole side up the pitch. Compact sides were generally successful at the World Cup, according to FIFA's Technical Report.
Their counter-attacks were direct when France were out of position at the back, but more often they focussed on keeping the ball and seeing what unfolded, rather than haring towards goal and losing possession straight away.
Injury problems for Blanc
In fairness to Blanc, his plans were completely undermined by an injury to Remy after half an hour. Remy was replaced with Mathieu Valbuena, who played on the right-hand side, meaning Jeremy Menez went into the centre, creating something more like a 4-2-3-1.
Menez, however, had a very poor game and is not suited to a central role in a 4-2-3-1 – not merely because of his playing style, but because he is extremely frustrating and incredibly inconsistent – putting him in the centre of the pitch and relying on him for creativity is unlikely to yield results.
Many of France's better chances in the game came from Clichy and Sagna long throws towards Hoarau in the penalty area, and from open play Valbuena had a good impact on the right, combining energetic running with a directness that was lacking from the rest of the side. The best moments came from him – notably two dipping shots from the right-hand side, and a very good cross that Malouda was about to convert, but for the intervention of Igor Shitov.
France introduced a second striker, Louis Saha, for Jeremy Menez in order to provide more of a goal threat, but he only lasted ten minutes before becoming injured, so Blanc had to turn to Kévin Gameiro. By this stage France's attacks were looking increasingly desperate and less likely to work.
Belarus' winner came very late – Vyacheslav Hleb pulled the ball back for substitute Sergey Kislyak to sidefoot into the top corner. It was far from a beautiful goal – Clichy was caught in possession and then couldn't get a tackle in on Hleb – but credit must go to Belarus for getting five players into the box in the final five minutes of a game they would have been delighted to take a draw from.
Conclusion
An underwhelming performance from France – robbed of their most talented attackers, they lacked any kind of cutting edge, and the fact that the starting line-up only boasted four total career international goals (all from Malouda) was all too evident.
Belarus' side was extremely compact, with the front four interchanging, and the two furthest forward players always coming short and making themselves available for short passes into feet. They built up play well, defended excellently, and whilst they were slightly flattered by the victory, they gave themselves every chance by working as a unit.
Related articles on Zonal Marking:
A first-year university student entering the school cafeteria for the first time can teach you a lot about how people see prejudice, both in themselves and others.
She might look around, take a walk along the perimeter of the room and carefully watch her fellow students as they go about their business. Where do I line up? How much food can I take? Where can I find a tray?
These questions run through her brain, without her necessarily being aware of it. Human beings tend to obey norms, and most of them are communicated just by observing.
It's the same with prejudice.
Chris Crandall, a psychology professor at the University of Kansas, found that a big signal about what is acceptable in society comes at the ballot box. He conducted a survey of American voters before and after the recent election and found that, afterwards, people believed it was more acceptable to discriminate against groups president-elect Donald Trump had disparaged in the campaign.
“In short, the perceived norm had shifted,” Crandall wrote.
When Conservative leadership hopeful Chris Alexander smiled as a crowd of people protesting the province's carbon tax chanted “lock her up” about Premier Rachel Notley, he was passively allowing a standard to be set for that group.
“If they go unchecked, if nobody gets punished, nobody gets hurt, if the audience seems to accept it, any onlooker would think this is acceptable to the group,” says Crandall.
Politicians — including Alexander himself a few days later — came out in force to condemn the chant, but it was too late to affect the group that had gathered at the legislature. But if a candidate, like Trump who gets elected after actively encouraging that behaviour, it can make a society-wide impact.
Crandall says there are different norms for the workplace, school, household and any other place that people gather. Most norms are set in these small environments. But politicians who are running for office are in a unique situation. Not only are they speaking to wide swathes of the nation, but people make a collective decision on what is acceptable to them by voting.
At a speech in Edmonton in September, Alberta Progressive Conservative party leadership candidate Jason Kenney faced down a woman who decried Muslims coming to Alberta. It wasn't a crowd of people chanting, like at the carbon tax rally, it was just one woman who quickly heard the disapproving shouts of her fellow audience members.
Kenney's reaction, though, stood in stark contrast to what happened at the rally. He stopped the woman and told her he believed in freedom of religion, not just for Christians, but for everyone. He launched into a quick history of Muslims in Alberta, from the first Canadian mosque in Edmonton to the first Muslim cabinet minister in the Commonwealth, Larry Shaben.
Kenney said he was “darn proud” of the contributions Muslims have made to the province.
In terms of establishing and enforcing norms, Crandall says this is an ideal way to deal with prejudice.
“When Kenney runs down this list, of a history of acceptability, he's going to win this argument. What he's doing is not only establishing what the rules are but he's also saying ‘… and these have been the rules for a long time,'” says Crandall.
“The audience can't help but understand what the rules of our group are. It's that Muslims are OK, they're fine. This is likely to be extremely effective,” he said.
Kenney drove home the norms he believes exist in Alberta but he also made a key point that's vital in combatting prejudice. He started off by saying, “I respect freedom of speech and you've just exercised that” to the woman.
Lisa Legault, an assistant professor of psychology at Clarkson University, says “people can handle being told what to do, but they hate being told what to think and feel.”
It's not just about concern for people's feelings, it's actually more effective when combatting prejudice. Requiring people to be tolerant can work in the short term but it may not hold up for long.
“The behaviour or value feels like a requirement, but does not become self-endorsed or self-maintained. As a result, it's volatile and unchecked,” she says. When someone like president-elect Donald Trump comes along, these fragile norms can melt away quickly.
Crandall agreed, saying it's not the prejudice, necessarily, that people are attached to, it's the freedom to express it.
In a recent interview with The Daily Show's Trevor Noah, United States President Barack Obama said he uses similar tactics when dealing with prejudice.
“There have been very few instances where I've said, ‘Well, that was racist, you are racist.' There have been times where I've said, ‘You know, you might not have taken into account the ongoing legacy of racism in why we have so many black men incarcerated,'” Obama said.
“The challenge we face today, when it comes to race, is rarely the overt Klansman-style racism and typically has more to do with the fact that, you know, people got other stuff they want to talk about and it's sort of uncomfortable,” he said.
Legault's research found that there might be an added incentive to shedding prejudice. Positive and pro-social attitudes are actually more fulfilling and healthier than “threat-based” ones.
“Being overtly prejudiced is actually quite detrimental to well-being. It is based on the premise that one's self-worth is contingent upon manufacturing and expressing superiority over others. This is a fragile way of being, which is why it's also so dangerous,” said Legault.
sxthomson@postmedia.com
twitter.com/stuartxthomson
Sometimes I am really in the mood for something sweet, but that mood is normally I want something sweet and I want it now. By now, 30 minutes is hard but not too hard of a wait. Especially not for these moist Banana Muffins speckled with Dark Chocolate Chips. One bowl, one fork and no plant-based milk to be seen, these will tickle any ones fancy. In fact, I am now baking them multiple times a week for my Partners coworkers!
You can also add Walnuts, Blueberry or any other filling you would like! The banana muffin is very versatile!
Enjoy :)!
Dark Chocolate Chip Banana Muffins
By &Vegan
Prep time: 5 minutes. Cooking Time: 25 minutes.
Makes 12 Muffins
Ingredients
3 Bananas, Ripe (Brown specks on the skin!)
1 Cup Sugar (I use golden granulated sugar)
1/4 Cup Vegan Butter
1 Teaspoon Vanilla Extract
2 Cups Flour
1 Teaspoon Baking Powder
1 Teaspoon Salt
1/2 Cup Dark Chocolate Chips
12 Muffin Cases and Muffin Tin
Method
Preheat your oven to 185 degrees centigrade. Using a Fork, mash the Bananas in a large mixing bowl until there are no large chunks left. Add the Sugar and the Butter to the mashed Bananas and mix with the fork. Once thoroughly mixed it will turn very liquidly. Add the Vanilla Extract. Add the Flour, Baking Powder and Salt and mix well. Fold in the Chocolate Chips (or other filling). Split the mixture equally into 12 Muffin Cases and bake for 25 minutes. Enjoy hot or cold!
These Muffins can refrigerate or frozen and still taste great!
Advertisements
Organizers of a high-profile conservative conference in Washington DC say that Donald Trump has abruptly cancelled his planned appearance tomorrow.
Trump was scheduled to address activists at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) early Saturday morning.
Very disappointed @realDonaldTrump has decided at the last minute to drop out of #CPAC -- his choice sends a clear message to conservatives. — CPAC (@CPAC) March 4, 2016
In a statement, Trump's campaign said he would be campaigning in Kansas Saturday in advance of that state's caucuses.
"The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign has just announced it will be in Witchita, Kanasas for a major rally on Saturday prior to Caucus," the statement read, misspelling the name of both the city and the state where he will appear. "He will also be speaking at the Kansas Caucus and then departing for Orlando, Florida and a crowd of approximately 20,000 people or more. Because of this, he will not be able to speak at CPAC as he has done for many consecutive years."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Donald Trump put in the hot seat as GOP debate gets dirty 3:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The conference has long been a destination for Republican presidential candidates as well as other conservative lawmakers and media stars. Presidential hopefuls John Kasich, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are all slated to participate, and Ben Carson is expected to use his address Friday to speak about his "political future."
The crowd at CPAC may not have been a uniformly friendly one for Trump. The conference this year has already featured appearances by some of the GOP figures with whom Trump has warred, including RNC chairman Reince Priebus and Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse.
The abrupt cancellation is not the first time Trump has dropped out of a conservative cattle call at the last minute.
He also cancelled a Heritage Action event in South Carolina earlier this cycle, citing a last minute business deal that needed his attention. He was also uninvited from Erick Erickson's Red State Gathering in August.
Introduction
One of my favourite things about writing Linux is when I decide to review one of the smaller distributions.
This week I have had the pleasure of installing, exploring and now reviewing Emmabuntus 2.
What is Emmabuntus?
I am going to quote directly from the Emmabuntus wiki page:
These distributions claim to be simple, open and fair. They are the
results of the humanitarian crossing the free culture, to build together
distributions for everyone.
Features Distributions based on Xubuntu 12.04 Quick setup mode through automation scripts Mode live on USB/DVD Install standalone without internet, everything is installed with the distribution Installation or not of non free software An additional 60 applications A dock allowing access to all applications 3 languages supported (English, French and Spanish)
Comparing to others similar distributions, Emmabuntüs claims to be
easier, more accessible and lighter.
However, it offers a wide range of installed pieces of software and includes a
large amount of humanitarian and free pieces of software/projects weblinks and
documents. So from reading the WIKI what I have understood is that Emmabuntus is based on Xubuntu 12.04, contains a lot of software and it is easy to setup and navigate. Read on to find out if this is true or not. WIKI http://emmabuntus.sourceforge.net/mediawiki/index.php/Main_Page Before I start with the review properly I wanted to draw your attention to the WIKI page for Emmabuntus because it is one of the most informative that I have seen. The WIKI page clearly sets out intentions of the project, has hardware requirements, links to the download and installation instructions. This should be your first port of call. Don't worry if you ignore this advice though because once you have installed Emmabuntus there is an information folder on the desktop which gives you a second chance to get at the WIKI. Hardware Requirements These hardware requirements come straight from the WIKI page: Processor: Intel or AMD
Ram: 512 MB minimum, 1 GB recommended
Hard Disk: 20 GB minimum
Video Card: nVidia, ATI, Intel, SIS, Matrox
Sound Card: Sound Blaster, AC97 or HDA compatible
Other: DVD drive or PC can boot from the USB port How to get Emmabuntus You can download Emmabuntus from http://emmabuntus.sourceforge.net/mediawiki/index.php/Emmabunt%C3%BCs_2 This is a 3 GB + download. Installation Normally I use Unetbootin to burn the distribution to a USB drive and boot into the live session before installing to the hard drive. As the download was over 3 GB I decided to burn the distribution to a DVD. Emmabuntus is based on Xubuntu and therefore the installer is a customised version of the Xubuntu installer. Choose your locale, choose whether to install alongside another operating system or use the whole drive (or custom) and create a user and password. All very standard stuff. It takes a while to install Emmabuntus but it is easy to see why when you run it for the first time. First Run When you boot Emmabuntus for the first time you are asked to choose what you want to appear on the dock at the bottom of the screen.
There are 3 options available. I decided to opt for the “All” option and the result is a mass of icons at the bottom of the screen.
At this point I was prompted to enter the root password again (unfortunately there was no message to say why which is a bit offputting).
This is where I came across a small issue. When I entered my root password I was denied access. The reason I was denied access was that my keyboard was set up to be French. (Emmabuntus is a French distribution so that isn't so shocking I guess). I had to cancel the request for a root user and change the keyboard layout to English. At this point I had no idea what the reason was for entering the root password.
Rather fortunately I decided to go to bed at this point and I shut down the computer. When I rebooted the next day all became clear as I was again asked to enter the root password and now because I was using a UK keyboard layout my root password was accepted.
A series of questions pop up. The first message box provides a link to a donation page and a petition.
The second question asks whether you want to install the proprietary stuff such as Flash, MP3 codecs and fonts.
The next message asks whether you want to remove the languages that you do not need. I can't help but feel it would be better to change the installer to install the languages you want in the first place and then they don't need to be removed after the event. This would also remove the keyboard layout issue when the distribution is first started.
First Impressions
Emmabuntus is by and large Xubuntu 12.04 with the bells and whistles added. Remember the aim of the project is to provide a fully featured operating system with a wide range of software available but also light.
I guess therefore the lightness is the XFCE desktop. I am a big fan of XFCE as you can tell from my Xubuntu reviews:
Xubuntu Review
Xubuntu Customising the desktop Emmabuntus has attempted to enhance upon the Xubuntu system by using the CAIRO dock at the bottom instead of the stock XFCE panel.
The panel at the top is the standard XFCE panel with a menu icon in the top left corner and in the top right icons for the battery, language, audio, messages, networks, notifications and the clock.
The CAIRO dock at the bottom in my case shows a whole host of icons because I chose the “all” option. If I chose the “kids” option or the “simple” option then a smaller subset of icons would have been shown.
The CAIRO dock shows a home icon, a FireFox icon, a communications category icon, an office category icon, audio category icon, video category icon, photo category icon, disk burning category, interests category icon, education category icon, utilities icon and maintenance icon. There are also icons for changing workspaces, the trash can, shortcuts and power.
Clicking on a category brings up a speech bubble view with a list of applications that belong in the category.
The dock is very stylish but it can get a bit annoying when you accidentally hover over the bottom of the screen whilst trying to navigate to say the bottom of a document in LibreOffice or a editor within Blogger.
Applications
The thing that is immediately apparent in Emmabuntus is the sheer number of applications that are installed by default. You might want to skim this bit and move to the next section as it is like the competition section of the Gadget Show where they list over 100 prizes.
Communications
Thunderbird and Evolution mail clients
Chromium and FireFox browsers
Pidgin and Empathy messenging software
Skype, Ekiga Softphone, Wammu
XChat IRC
Filezilla FTP Client
Transmission torrent software
Ubuntu one
Google Docs
Dropbox
Framapad Office
Abiword
Gnumeric
LibreOffice
Document Viewer
Ebook Reader Audio Rhythmbox, Audacious, Clementine Audio Players
Audacity – Audio Editing
Radiotray
GPodder – Podcasts Video VLC Player, SM Player
Cheese Webcam Viewer
Openshot video editor, WinFF
Mythbuntu
KDenlive Photo Openshot, FotoXX, Picasa, Digikam
GIMP
Inkscape Burn K3B
Brasero
XFburn Interests Homebank
Geneology
Play On Linux
Stellarium
Supertux
Supertuxkart Education Tuxpaint
Tuxmath
Tuxtyping
Childsplay
OOO4Kids There are lots of other applications installed that I haven't listed here but you get the idea. If all that isn't enough WINE is installed as well so you can run Windows programs as well. Installing Applications
If you decide that there aren't enough applications installed there are two things you should know. The first is that you are probably insane and the second is that software can be installed via the Ubuntu Software Centre.
Connecting to the internet
As Emmabuntus is based on Xubuntu connecting to the internet is a breeze. There is a network icon on the panel and clicking it brings up a list of the available networks.
All I had to do was enter the security key and I was connected to the internet.
A rather interesting feature I stumbled upon was when I tried to go to the Everyday Linux User website. (This site).
I was denied access to the website because this site is in an unrated category for the site blocking software. This is an add-in that has been installed in Chromium and FireFox.
To turn off the add-ons I had to go into the settings for the browser where I also found add-ons for advert blocking and ghostery which helps you find out which sites are tracking your browsing.
Changing the desktop background
To change the desktop background in Emmabuntus you follow the same process as you would in Xubuntu.
Simply right-click on the desktop and select desktop settings.
There are some desktop wallpapers available but I like to add my own so I added some into my pictures folder and clicked the plus symbol and located the pictures I had downloaded.
I always find it amazing how a well crafted wallpaper image brightens up the desktop.
Flash and MP3
The scripts that run when you first install Emmabuntus take care of all your Flash and MP3 needs and as you can see Youtube works perfectly.
There are a plethora of music applications installed with Emmabuntus but what surprised me was that when I loaded Rhythmbox there were already some songs installed. I thought this was a nice touch. The music installed however is in OGG format.
To test MP3s I downloaded a Ramones track which was automatically to Rhythmbox
There were no issues playing the MP3 files.
RadioTray
One of the applications in the audio category is called Radiotray. This adds an icon in the top right corner of the screen. When you click on the icon a list of online radio stations appear broken down into various categories.
By default the radio stations are mainly French in nature but you can change the preferences to make the list show the radio stations of your choice.
Summary
Emmabuntus basically takes Xubuntu and adds to it in an attempt to cut out the configurations steps many people have to go through before using their system.
There are a number of ways of creating a distribution and when it comes to the choice of software I see there being 3 approaches.
Keep it minimal by only installing the applications necessary to run the operating system. Install a popular set of applications you believe users would like to use. Install a heavy assortment of applications so that users do not have to download anything extra. For me there are merits in each approach. If you keep it minimal then it is up to the user to decide on the software they wish to install. For more experienced users this is easy because they already know what is out there.
If you go for option 2 and install a popular set of applications then you are second guessing the applications that people would like to use. This is an acceptable approach because it means the system is useable out of the box and the user can get going straight away and if they prefer other applications they can install them as required.
Option 3 seems more scattergun but for new users it is actually a fairly valid thing to do. Disk space is no longer really at a premium and so installing extra software isn't really a problem unless it loads at startup and uses up memory.
If you have never tried Linux before it is probably quite an exciting prospect seeing so many options available. You can try out 2 or 3 of each type of application and decide on the one you wish to use.
Emmabuntus has a few quirks. As it is a French distribution there are a few menus and applications that have French headings. The radiotray application is full of French radio stations and there is the issue I raised when running Emmabuntus for the first time where I couldn't enter a root password because the keyboard layout defaulted to French.
Other than the small issues raised I have to say that Emmabuntus was a real pleasure to use for the past week. Everything just works and the XFCE desktop keeps things running snappily. Emmabuntus does really take the Xubuntu 12.04 release and add to it.
The Cairodock is really nice and it makes it much easier to navigate the system than the standard XFCE panels.
I have decided to install Emmabuntus onto my netbook for a while to see how I get on because having downloaded 3.5 GB of software I may as well use it.
If you have a computer that is a few years old but not ancient then I would really recommend Emmabuntus.
Thankyou for reading
Based on the acclaimed DC graphic novel of the same name, Batman: The Killing Joke takes a journey into the dark psyche of the Clown Prince of Crime – from his humble beginnings as a struggling comedian to his fateful encounter with Batman that changes both of their lives forever.
Years later, and now escaped from Arkham Asylum, The Joker devises a plan to prove that one bad day can make anyone as insane as he is – setting his sights on Commissioner Gordon. It's up to the Dark Knight to put a stop to The Joker's latest scheme and save one of Gotham City's finest.
Following a gripping prologue introducing Barbara Gordon's heroic adventures alongside Batman as Batgirl, Batman: The Killing Joke stays true to the authentic tale that has held fans' imaginations for nearly three decades – spotlighting the birth of a Super-Villain, the fortitude of a Super Hero and the punchline that will leave you speechless.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Gideon Long describes the footage of the miners as they sent greetings from underground
A newly-released video appears to show that 33 miners trapped deep underground in Chile are in good spirits.
The video was taken with a camera lowered down a narrow bore-hole from the surface, some 700m (2,300ft) above.
The miners were mostly shirtless, bearded and thin but were "reasonably" healthy, Chile's health minister said.
They have been trapped since a cave-in on 5 August and were only discovered to be alive on Sunday. It could take as long as four months to rescue the men.
On Thursday, a Chilean judge froze $1.8m (£1.2m) in assets belonging to the company that operates the San Jose mine, San Esteban Mining, in case it has to pay compensation to the miners or their relatives.
The families of 28 of the miners have filed criminal negligence lawsuits against the owners and several safety inspectors from Chile's National Geology and Mine Service (Sernageomin), which allowed the mine to re-open in 2008, a year after it was shut following an accident.
The owners of San Esteban Mining, Alejandro Bohn and Marcelo Kemeny, have denied any responsibility for the accident.
"Now is not the time to take the blame nor to ask for pardon," Mr Bohn said.
Unconfirmed reports say San Esteban is on the verge of bankruptcy and cannot afford the miners' wages. The company is also thought to have neither the equipment to rescue the men nor the means to pay for it.
'Well organised'
In the grainy video that was broadcast on state television on Wednesday night, one of the miners can be seen proudly explaining how they run the shelter where have lived for the past 22 days.
"We've organised everything really well down here," he says.
There are a large number of professionals who are going to help in the rescue efforts from down here Trapped miner Send us your comments
"This is where we entertain ourselves, where we play cards," he adds.
Against one wall of the shelter can be seen a first aid cabinet, shelves holding unidentified bottles, mats in a corner for rest, and a set of dominos.
"We meet here every day. We plan, we have assemblies here every day so that all the decisions we make are based on the thoughts of all 33," the man says.
The other miners can be seen waving at the camera, smiling and making peace signs. Most have beards and have taken off their shirts.
"Greetings to my family! Get us out of here soon, please!" one says.
At one point, a thermometer reading 29.5C (85F) is shown.
In one segment of the 45-minute video, which was edited down to five minutes before broadcast, a mining vehicle is driven down a tunnel.
"There are a large number of professionals who are going to help in the rescue efforts from down here," another man says.
'Huge challenges'
After the video was filmed, Health Minister Jaime Manalich told reporters that the miners had lost weight and were dehydrated but were "reasonably" healthy.
Image caption The video was first shown to relatives of the trapped miners waiting on the surface
In the first 17 days of their confinement until contact was made with them, they are though to have lost between 8kg-10kg (18-22lbs) each.
The miners seem to be well-organised, says the BBC's Gideon Long in Copiapo, near the mine in northern Chile. They made emergency supplies meant for two or three days last for 17, he says.
They are now receiving supplies including rehydration drinks, some solid food and anti-depressants through one of three boreholes from the surface. Another one provides a communications link and the third is to provide ventilation.
The miners were told on Wednesday that it could take up to four months to rescue them. Mr Manalich said they reacted calmly to the news.
"But we have the impression that in the days to come they are going to suffer from huge challenges regarding their psychological conditions."
A special exercise and recreation programme is being set up to keep the men mentally and physically fit during their long wait. They have also been told to distinguish between daytime and nighttime.
Psychologists are helping the families choose who will speak to the miners on a modified telephone, and instructing them to be careful about what they say to help maintain their psychological health. They have already been filtering the notes sent down to the miners.
Next week, three to four doctors from the US space agency Nasa, who are experts in keeping astronauts alive and well on long missions in confined spaces, will arrive in Chile to assist medical officials with the miners.
World
What is the camera perspective of the game?
The game supports 1st- and 3rd-person cameras. Players will be able to utilize the mouse wheel to choose the camera angle they prefer for their situation and switch between cameras on the fly.
When in the timeline does World of Warcraft take place?
World of Warcraft takes place four years following the aftermath of Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos™, when a great tension has settled over the ravaged world of Azeroth.
How many continents/islands will there be? How big will the world be?
World of Warcraft will be vastly larger than any other universe found in previous Blizzard games. In World of Warcraft, players can expect to journey through the familiar lands of Azeroth, Khaz Modan, and Lordaeron, to name a few. The game will also feature several uncharted and exotic new lands. We are expanding the Warcraft universe because we believe that a critical part of the MMORPG experience is the ability to journey through robust new lands. Our goal is to create a vast new world filled with adventure and excitement, while keeping the game fully populated to support a strong sense of community.
Will there be "zones" in World of Warcraft?
World of Warcraft will not feature "zones" in the traditional sense denoting loading screens between each area of gameplay. Our plan is to incorporate different regions of the world for players to explore, each with their own distinct look and theme. Questing through the majority of these regions will be seamless, however, certain regions may require a short load time.
Will you be able to visit the familiar locations from Warcraft, Warcraft II and so on?
Most definitely. Players will explore the ruins of old battles, interact with legendary heroes, and visit many of the locations that have made the Warcraft series so memorable.
Will there be water-based, interactive environments?
Yes.
Will there be advanced areas or dungeons for high-level players?
Yes. The game will feature a wide range of content suitable for all levels and types of players, allowing both casual and hardcore gamers to enjoy their gameplay experience.
What kind of weather effects will there be in the game?
Players will experience numerous changes in weather throughout the world. The game features dynamic skies and clouds giving players the ability to actually see clouds begin to form and coalesce into stormy weather. Snow, rain, and fog are just some of many additional weather effects players can expect to find in the game.
What modes of transportation will be found in the game?
There will be many forms of transportation within the World of Warcraft including portals, ships and zeppelins. We are currently evaluating the balance ramifications for several alternative forms of travel and will continue to update the FAQ with new information on a regular basis.
Will there be a bank? How much will it hold?
Yes, there will be a bank with ample storage space to hold multiple player items. This option will allow players to store as many items as they need without requiring them to create additional characters to store surplus items.
How many players will you support?
Players will be divided into several Realms, each realm comprising a complete version of the game world. The development team is currently finalizing the number of players that will occupy a Realm.
Will there be a limit to the number of players on a Realm?
We are currently evaluating the optimal number of players per Realm. Our plan is to create a solution that fosters a sense of community and helps to prevent overcrowding. We understand fully that the number of players on a server directly impacts this and will be working closely with the community during the beta test program to fine tune this number.
Will there be a party system for group adventuring?
Yes.
Note kindly translated by Anne-Marie de Grazia
We have indicated, both in a previous note[1] and the interview given to the Valdai Club[2], the geostrategic as well as the domestic stakes of the visit of President Putin to his French counterpart. The stakes are high for both men, even if they are not at the same level for both. It is fitting at this point to examine the present situation of Russia and of the Russian economy. Russia is emerging from the 2015-2016 recession. Yet, the circumstances of this emergence remain blurry.
The situation of Russia
Russia got itself out of recession during the second semester of 2016[3]. The relation between the creation of income and of demand (goods and services) on the domestic market, such as it was reached in the autumn of 2016, created conditions, which were very favourable for growth beginning to pick up again. And this is what has been noticed, in particular on this carnet, as early as the beginning of autumn. This situation began to become manifest in the manufacturing sector. We had noticed as early as the second semester of 2016 the relatively strong growth in industry, whereas the service sector remained far less affected by this process. The rhythms of growth during the fourth quarter of 2016 were at a level such that they could bring about a positive tendency for the year 2017, and they conditioned the forecasts made at the Central Bank of Russia and in the government services. These numbers explain the good results of the 2nd semester, as well as the re-evaluation of the results for 2016, for which the GDP is now being credited with -0,2%, whereas the first measurements, which had not yet integrated all the results of the 4th quarter, showed a recession at -0,5% / -0,8%.
However, at the beginning of 2017, this tendency to growth has not been sustained. We notice that the acceleration of growth all along the economic chain, with, in particular, effects of a transmission of momentum which should normally show up between industry and the service sectors has not yet taken place. If growth seems to be continuing in the manufacturing industry, exception being made for the fossil fuels extraction, and if the purchase of equipment goods (described as « capital » goods) are in strong growth in imports, there is not yet any diffusion of this state of affairs to be seen in the rest of the economy. As a result, economic recovery continues to be a critical point of the economic policy. This theme will go on to animate debates among experts as well as in newspaper columns well during this summer.
In a general way, this dynamic of the beginning of the year could put into question the growth in GDP, which is presently estimated at 1.5% by the Central Bank of Russia and by the Government for 2017.
Graph 1
Source : Institute of National Economic Forecasts – Russian Academy of Sciences
However, the Russian government has made a rapid return to strong growth (equal or above 2%) one of its political goals. We must therefore expect that the debate on the economic policy of the government will not be limited to experts and journalists, but will turn into a true political debate within the government itself.
The strong decrease in inflation, and its consequences
In the same time, the deceleration in inflation has been spectacular. Inflation fell in April at 4.2% in annual rate. The Central Bank of Russia (CBR) has therefore duly taken note of the very strong slowing down of inflationist tendencies, but also of the movement of appreciation of the rouble. It has decreased the CBR lending rate twice since March, one time by 25 base points (0,25%) the other by 50 base points (0,50%). The basis rate has gone therefore within a few weeks from 10.00% to 9.25%. However, taking into account the present rate of inflation, the decision of the Central Bank to lower its lending rate should not be interpreted as a softening in its monetary policy. The policy of the CBR remains in the present state of things extremely restrictive, with a real base rate at 5.05% (9.25% – 4.2%). We also notice, when looking at other rates[4], which, as far as they are concerned, evolve in the direction of a decrease, while still remaining at very high levels. The policy of the CBR will therefore remain restrictive not only in order to maintain the decreasing momentum of inflation, or at least to stabilize it around a goal of 4%; but also in order to forestall any new speculations on the exchange rate.
However, there is reason to explain the optimism, or what is viewed as such, of the experts of the CBR concerning the macroeconomic situation of Russia. This optimism can be verified in the case of the evolution of the rate of inflation, as well as of the evolution of the rate of growth. As far as the rate of inflation is concerned, these experts are relatively convinced that it will stabilize around 4% coming summer (estimates vary between 4.3% and 3.8%). As far as prices are relatively foreseeable, and companies control their costs well, these estimates remain robust, in the absence of any new blow from outside. It's on growth that the optimism of the CBR appears to be most surprising. The CBR estimates at present that the growth rate will be above 1.5% in 2017, and advances a rate of 1.8% as being probable. Yet last januay, it was counting on growth being rather around 1% to 1.2%. This readjustment, without being considerable, is however sigificant. It has been said that it could be explained up to a point by the good results registered for the 2nd semester. Will the more mixed results of the beginning of 2017 lead the CBR to revise its estimates for 2017 once again?
The debate on this point between the experts of the CBR and those of the various research centers at the Academy of Sciences is important.
The short-term growth factors
The experts of the Academy of Sciences (many of whom work within structures in direct relation with government instances) insist on the necessity of maintaining the increase in the income of households, the increase in public spending, and the system of bonified credits which allows companies to return interest rates which remain extremely high. If we now look at the longer term, growth will only be able to be maintained at a relatively high level if progress is being made in the efficiency of the investment process, and if, more generally, the public powers (the Federal State, but also regional authorities) improve the efficiency of their economic interventions.
But short term measures, as far as they are concerned, imply an expansionist budgetary policy, and above all, that the State's income remain in constant increase. It is true that the budget has been conceived for a price of oil around 40-44 USD per barrel (BRENT index), which appears at present to be excessively pessimistic. The expenditures of the consolidated budget have increased by 16.1% in year-to-year shift. The costs of social security (mainly connected to the payment of pensions) have increased by 67%. This increase is connected with a one time payment of a sum of 5,000 roubles to every retiree in January 2017. The financing of the costs of housing programs have also significantly increased (+ 29%) as well as subsidies to the national economy (+ 11%, 15% of which going to the road networks), whereas the increase in defense spending has been lower (+ 9%). We can see, in the strong increase of expenditures for maintaining economic activity, the weight not only of the programs of infrastructure, but also of the bonified credits. This system is indisputably efficient, and the companies which benefit from it obtain interests rates between 3% and 7%, as against 11% for the best credits in the « non-bonified » sectors, to be compared with the inflation rate at 4.2%. But it costs the budget dearly.
The factor with the most important incidence on the dynamics of the Russian economy in 2017 will indisputably be the expansion of domestic demand. From this point of view, the dynamics of real salaries is interesting. But it is exclusively carried by the private sector. The difference of incomes between the public sector (federal and regional government employees, semi-public companies) and the private sector is on the rise.
Graph 2
Dynamics of actual wages in Russia
Source : ROSSTAT
If the increase in pensions and retirement pensions is a good point in favour of the expansion of domestic demand, this raise remains insufficient for creating a significant impact on demand. Nevertheless, one notices sharp indications of the will of the population to increase its purchases of durable goods (automobiles, housing). What seems to be putting a break to this willingness is the cost of credits to consumption and housing credits. The extension to the general population of the system of subsidized credits being unthinkable, this implies that important pressures will have to be put on the Central Bank as well as on the banking system, so that the interest rates for households can be lowered to around 4%-5% in real terms.
The Russian government will not be able to do without a debate on the economic policy of the country. It cannot, at present, be content with following the slope of facility and of monetary orthodoxy, which it has been following for two years now. If it really wants Russia to find back to a strong growth, as it has indicated in many instances, it will have to take strong decisions in matters of monetary policy as well as of budgetary policy, but especially it will have to take its responsibilities and not hide behind the professed « orthodoxies » of various institutions, or behind the Central Bank.
[1] https://russeurope.hypotheses.org/6038
[2] See https://russeurope.hypotheses.org/6048
[3] See https://russeurope.hypotheses.org/5568
[4] Overnight loans; Lombard loan; REPO; Loans guaranteed with non negotiable assets or guarantees.
Two people were arrested Friday after police found them under the influence of drugs, with a 2-year-old, in a syringe-filled car in the parking lot of a Salem, New Hampshire, Babies R Us.
At 4:06 p.m. Friday, Salem Police responded to the Babies R Us parking lot for a report of suspicious activity. Upon arrival, officers located the vehicle, which was unoccupied, but noticed numerous syringes and other drug paraphernalia strewn about inside and outside the vehicle.
Shortly thereafter, a man and a woman with a 2-year-old child exited the store and got into the vehicle. Officers made contact with the two adults and were quickly able to determine that they were under the influence of drugs. As police dealt with the adults, the 2-year-old was playing with the woman's purse, reaching in and out of it. Officers took the purse from the woman and observed an uncapped syringe inside.
Salem Fire responded as a precautionary measure and transported the child to Holy Family Hospital in Methuen, Massachusetts for screening due to a finger prick from the syringe.
Lindsay Bolton, 26, of Milford, was charged with heroin possession, transporting drugs in a motor vehicle, endangering the welfare of a child and altering/destroying evidence. She was ordered held without bail on a probation violation.
Paul Loiselle, 31, of Bedford, was charged with heroin possession. He refused bail.
Both subjects were transported to the Rockingham County Jail pending arraignment.
The Division of Children, Youth and Families was also notified.
It's the kind of underdog story that the internet loves. James Andrew, developer behind Oculus Rift title Rift Wars headed to Pax East 2014 in Boston with no credentials and ended up drawing a crowd demoing the title. We speak to James about his experiences and he shares his thoughts on virtual reality at PAX East.
Virtual Reality Draws Strong Crowds at PAX East
We know VR is now a big deal and not just in the cliques of hardcore fans. The word of VR has spread far and wide, and most gamers when asked these days what Oculus Rift was, could probably take a good stab at telling you. Another recent example of the ubiquity of the VR Headset was shots of media mogul Rupert Murdoch wearing an HD Prototype during a demo of the Game of Thrones VR experience ‘Ascend the wall'.
Nowhere has this renewed interest in VR been better illustrated at recent technology and games industry shows. In particular, GDC 2014 was arguably dominated by either announcements of VR headsets from Sony or from Oculus themselves and the number of promising titles being developed with virtual reality in mind was truly a sight to behold.
PAX East, one of the largest gaming conventions in the world, was no exception to this new VR fervour it seems. And one Indie Developer was lucky enough to ride the wave of the clamour for all things VR when he crashed the show and kicked up a storm showing off his own demo.
VR Underdog Story
James Andrew (Pixelrouter) is one of two developers working on a new Oculus Rift compatible title called Rift Wars. The title attempts to mash together the classic genre titles Starfox (1993) and Geometry Wars (2003) and throw them into a VR-contained experience. The result is an intriguing mix of dogfighting and twitch arcade mechanics.
Andrew had received good feedback from other showings he'd done at the Boston VR Meetup and decided that, despite having no pass to the show, he'd try his luck at some guerrilla PR tactics and crash PAX East with his trusty Oculus Rift and demo rig in tow. After many laps of the PAX East Show floor, James was about ready to give up and go home, but on his final round he spotted a demo station with one lone occupant and his Oculus Rift. This was his chance.
I approached him and asked, “Hey man, what are you showing?” He said, “Oh, this is the Rift Coaster demo. I'm not really a deve yet, but I'm just here showing the Rift. I was over in the BYOC (Bring your own Computer) area, but the organizers saw me demoing over there and told me I could set up here. I see you have a Rift too!” I told him that I've got an original game with me and that I was hoping to find a place to set it up. He said, “Well come on in. In fact, why don't you put your game on USB key and I'll demo it too!” I learned his name was Michael, and I am very grateful for his attitude and his immediate desire to help me.
Shortly afterwards the crowds massed at the makeshift stand and James and his new companion found themselves demoing James' new demo to 100s of people non stop for the remainder of the day. You can read the full story over at Andrew's blog, but what James took from his experience was something he himself already knew, “VR is hot!”.
It's a great story, but we wanted to know a little more about Andrew's experience and also delve a little deeper into how virtual reality was represented and received at PAX East. Happily, Andrew was more than happy to share his experiences and feelings on PAX East with Road to VR. Here are some of those, along with some pictures of his extraordinary trip:
—
Walking on to the PAX floor on Sunday morning, and seeing all the thousands of screens showing various traditional games, I got a feeling like I was a time traveler from the future marvelling at the antiquated technology still embraced by the masses. Various booths had flashy displays showing off the latest shooters and other, so called, ‘Triple A' titles, and after being immersed in VR for so long now, I had just about no desire to try any of these new titles. VR is like electric power, and all of these big studios are highly invested in steam. Sure, there will always be a place for screen based games, just like there is a place for steam powered locomotives in today's world. Every so often, It's nice to take a ride on an old train, but as far as innovation goes, its time to move on. The scene at the Oculus booth was pretty representative of the power VR is starting to have over peoples attention. I got there just before the floor was technically open and was able to get in a relatively short line. While standing in line, I saw the line grow until it looped all the way around the booth. At this time, the enforcers came in and capped the line. Then about ten minutes later, when they lifted the cap, I saw about a dozen people actually running to get a spot. Then, a little while later I saw another capped line at another booth, and I thought, “Oh, this must be Eve Valkyrie.” It was not. It was another Rift based space shooter, but I forget the name. Then there was the scene at my demo. These three scenes had more attention from the audience than anything else I personally witnessed. I mean, people waited over and hour just to spend three minutes playing my game, and this was without any brand recognition on their part at all, apart from the recognition of the Oculus Rift. Next time, I definitely want to plan ahead and bring someone with me to take better photos and to record people's responses just as taking the Rift off. The kinds of things people say are so beyond anything I hear them say when getting up from playing a game on a screen. A few comments I recall, “That was like the best thing I ever experienced in my life,” “Whoa, I was so immersed in there, I forgot I was here at PAX,” “Just incredible… incredible,” “Amazing….” And these are not unusual cases. And all this from a game made by two guys, in there spare time, in just 30 days! Wait until they see what we are working on next! A game like Rift Wars is meant to be played at a big event like this. Yeah, its kind of cool to put on the Rift at home, and play through the three minute level, but in a public setting like PAX, it really shines. Everyone had three minutes to try and beat the day's High Score, so it had all the best aspects of a serious session, back in the day, at an old-school, real lift Arcade. If there were quarters involved, people would have been racing to put their quarters on the machine to call next. Throughout the day, I noticed very many people, when done playing, walk around behind the booth to watch others play on my screen. I believe this may prove to be a very powerful aspect of the VR experience. Yes, only one person can be in a Rift at a time, but its really cool to know others are watching from the outside world.
—
Update: You can download a demo of Rift Wars right here or alternatively here!
Our thanks to James for sharing his thoughts on the experience, check out PixelRouter's site here. We'll be learning more about Rift Wars soon courtesy of Reverend Kyle's regular podcast where James has agreed to be a guest. Stay tuned!
Grand Theft Auto V – better as physical media?
Warnings have appeared not to install disc 2 of the Xbox 360 version of GTA V, leading to concerns that the PS3 download may not work as well.
Rockstar has advised against installing the second ‘play' disc for GTA V, with warnings that this could decrease the performance and create more texture pop-in problems than if it wasn't installed.
As described in our GTA V FAQ the Xbox 360 version (and likely the PlayStation 3 version as well) requires a mandatory 7.7GB install. This is handled automatically by the game and after it's finished you don't need the first ‘install' disc any more.
However, as with all Xbox 360 games you do have the option of installing all the discs, whether the game wants you to or not. This is what Rockstar suggests you don't do.
@mfw For optimal performance, we recommend not installing that disc. We will have more info on our Support Site at launch. — Rockstar Support (@RockstarSupport) September 16, 2013
They won't say why exactly but Digital Foundry suggests that it ‘impacts the game's ability to stream texture data, resulting in regular pop-in of in-game objects and textures.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
As noted in our GTA V review the game already has a small problem with pop-in – background objects appearing out of thin air relatively close to you, or low res textures being displayed until the last minute. However, it's a minor issue and there are many other big name games that are much worse.
The Digital Foundry video below illustrates the difference installing and not installing makes but this creates a question: what about the downloadable PlayStation 3 version that has no option of a disc?
GTA V isn't available on demand on the Xbox 360 but it is on the PlayStation 3, where fans have already been upset to find the pre-installation was put back from Friday (although till Sunday rather than Monday in the end).
Advertisement
Advertisement
Could this mean that on top of this they actually end up with the inferior version? Nobody will be able to tell until tomorrow when the game is officially released.
Thoughts? Email gamecentral@ukmetro.co.uk or leave a comment below
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Republican White House hopeful Rick Perry has at least some supporters in the Democratic stronghold of Chicago — President Barack Obama's re-election team.
Republican presidential candidate Texas Governor Rick Perry samples a popover at "Popovers on the Square" in Portsmouth, New Hampshire August 18, 2011. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
The Texas governor, a social and fiscal conservative, is seen by Obama's top election fundraisers, supporters and senior Democrats close to the campaign as easier to beat than the more moderate Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential election.
“I was praying Perry would get in the race,” said a former White House aide closely linked to Obama's campaign.
While Obama's campaign headquarters in Chicago will not talk on the record about possible election rivals, fundraisers, senior activists and influential Chicagoans close to the president say Perry's more polarizing views make him a bigger target for the Democrat in a general election.
Perry has quickly leaped into second place in polls of Republicans since announcing his candidacy last weekend. But he caused a fuss with harsh criticism of Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke that was shunned even by some Republicans.
Romney, a former governor of Massachusetts, tops the Republican field in polls and in the fundraising race.
“I think the Romney campaign is very scared of Perry. But I think the Obama campaign would rather run against Perry than Romney,” said John Avlon, a centrist columnist for Newsweek.
Obama's approval rating has dropped as the unemployment rate remains stuck above 9 percent and his re-election prospects are dimmer than they were just a few months ago.
But the harder a Republican candidate leans to the right the easier it will be for the Democratic president to beat him or her in a general election, several Obama campaigners said.
Romney moved Wednesday to widen his appeal to conservatives by saying he was “in sync” with the Tea Party, comments that Obama campaign spokesman Ben LaBolt tweeted to supporters.
A spokeswoman for Obama's re-election campaign would not draw distinctions among Republican contenders to challenge the president, focusing instead on their similar positions.
“While the president is advocating for a plan that would create jobs immediately and foster sustainable jobs that will maintain America's competitiveness, the Republican candidates have uniformly embraced an economic plan that would end Medicare as we know it, erode Social Security, eliminate hundreds of thousands of jobs and erase the investments necessary for America to win the future,” said Katie Hogan, Obama campaign spokeswoman.
PREFER BACHMANN TOO
Michele Bachmann, a senior Tea Party figure, is the Republican contender Obama's team would most like to take on in 2012, although she seems unlikely to win the nomination, according to several sources close to the Obama campaign.
Bachmann surprised many this week by promising that if she won the White House, she would bring gas prices down to $2 a gallon, despite those prices being set on the global market, not by the president of the United States.
She is one of the Republicans in Congress most vocal about government spending cuts and deficit reduction, and she voted against a recent debt-limit deal that averted an unprecedented U.S. default.
Sources close to the Obama campaign say that makes her an easy target in the race.
“The (Republican candidates') full attack on government ignores all of the important services that people rightfully expect from their government” and when candidates embrace extreme austerity measures “it looks easier to run against them,” said a source involved with Obama's re-election bid.
Obama entered the electoral fray this week with a campaign-style bus trip through the Midwest, including Iowa, where Bachmann just won an influential poll that serves as an early test of candidates. Perry and Romney did not participate.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The president avoided appraising the Republican frontrunners he may face in the general election.
“You know, I haven't been giving it too much thought,” Obama said in Iowa Tuesday. “I figure that I'll let them winnow it down a little bit. When they decide who they want their standard bearer to be, then I'll be ready for them.”
A moderate candidate like former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman, whom Obama appointed as ambassador to China, would be harder to fight for the Obama campaign but he has very little chance of winning the Republican nomination.
Listen here you fucking dorks I already know what you're going to say “Well Grumpy Nerd if you hate open source software so much then why do you have a Wordpress blog that is running on an open source database?” Because Wordpress is a very rare example of open source software that doesn't suck which doesn't remotely make up for the other 99.99993% of open source software that sucks like a coked up Hoover.
Open Source Is A Fraud
There are two types of open source projects: The first type is the software built by womanless losers on SourceForge who have so much fucking free time in their lives that they can take hours out of their day to contribute to some worthless open source project that like everything else in their pathetic lives they won't complete. They won't document it. They won't fix the legions of bugs that they built into the software. They will just fade away leaving their code-turd forever stinking up the digital domain.
The second type of open source project is maybe even more insidious than the first. It's the corporate open source project. This is the project which is directed by, funded by and whom all of the contributors are employed by large corporations. It's open source to better their market position or to encourage the use of their services. I'm fine with that. I'm a lover of capitalism. What disgusts me are you doe-eyed open source hippies that swallow the bullshit they are feeding you. You naive losers are being bamboozled by your corporate masters because you don't understand how marketing works. They are contributing to the open source “movement” not to make the world a better place or set software free or build a code utopia or whatever nonsense you believe they are doing it to gain consulting services market share, raise brand awareness or the sell their proprietary solutions that complement the “free ones.”
Linux Sucks
That's right I just called out the crown jewel of the open source movement. Linux is great if you're building a super-computing cluster, you run a web hosting company with 3,000 servers or you're Facebook/Yahoo/Google and you need something very custom and very rare. Linux is pretty nice if you're deploying an embedded system application. But for the 99.7% of us that are using computers for common everyday tasks Linux is a wholesale disaster. On the server side it requires much more maintenance and more knowledge and effort to deploy and maintain than it's commercial counterparts.
“Well Grumpy Nerd maybe you're just not smart enough for Linux…”
No douchebag I am actually much smarter than you and I have shit to do and don't have time to patch kernels and search for device drivers. It also means that I understand the value of time and I'd rather pay a few hundred bucks for an operating system license that patches itself and has device drivers available out of the box because my time is valuable.
“But Grumpy Nerd Linux is more efficient than Windows and it runs great on my 15 year old POS 486 with 4K of memory…”
I'm sorry that you can't afford a new computer that will run a decent modern OS. Maybe if you were more talented you could sell your code for money and wouldn't have to give it away for free. BTW Windows 7 runs awesome on this four core i560 machine with an assload of RAM. Too bad you're stuck in the mesozoic era of computing.
“Grumpy Nerd Linux can do anything Windows can do and is gaining desktop market share…”
No it can't and No it isn't. That is the circle jerk of lies that you Linux nerds tell each other to make yourselves feel better. Outside of your dork circles Linux has zero desktop market share. No one uses it. The reason they don't use it has nothing to do with Microsoft and Apple being mean. Or Microsoft cutting deals with computer makers. Nope. People don't use Linux on the desktop because Linux on the desktop sucks. It's hard to use. The GUIs are all ugly and clunky. Most importantly there are no useful desktop software packages that runs on Linux. Open Office is the drooling learning disabled little brother of Microsoft Office. Everything that Open Office does Microsoft Office does better. Photoshop is better than GIMP. For business productivity try to find an accounting package, shipping system or great suite of design tools that run on Linux. They don't exist. Aside from web surfing and nerd circle jerk parties Linux on the desktop is useless.
Incomplete Documentation
Open Source nerds don't have the discipline to write documentation because it's no fun. Writing new code is fun. Fixing bugs in old code is less fun. Writing documentation sucks. Which is why the most open source software is buggy and features little to no documentation making it useless to everyone outside of the authors.
Open Source Is Fad Driven
Most computer nerds have the attention span of a teenage girl off her Adderall. The next shiny object that passes though your periphery will distract you. Remember Ruby back in 2006? (Or just Rails if you're a cool dork) oh you couldn't turn a corner without some douche-canoe evangelizing the wonders of this horrible little fad framework and how it was going to revolutionize delivering software and services to the web and like the Segway Scooter of computer science… BAM in 2011 no one uses it. In fact the only people that still use Ruby on Rails are the loud mouthed idiots that painted themselves so far into a public corner evangelizing this brain dead framework that they can't possibly backtrack without exposing themselves as the frauds that they are.
No Fucking Support
In my best open source Hippie voice; “you don't get it maaaan the community supports you in the open source movement.” Oh really? You mean I'm supposed to bet my job on the trouble ticket turnaround time of the four crusty nerds hanging out on Source Forge who are going to tell me to RTFM to which there is no fucking manual because no one got around to writing one. That's the support that you want me to rely on? Or do you mean the paid support from the many corporate open source contributors who sell their consulting services for more than licence cost of the commercial product they are replacing with “free” software? Thus simultaneously costing me more and wasting more of my time? Thats your support?
Open Source Wastes Time
Open source software is for people that have more time than money. An open source solution is usually a patchwork of mutually incompatible systems jury rigged together into a semi-workable solution. Finding how to assemble these random components into a working system takes time and effort. (Time is a cost just as money is a cost) “Ahh so I have a MySQL 4 database I'm not sure which connector I should use so I'll get the latest then I'll write some code…” then when I test it I find that the latest connectors only support the most recent version of MySQL and I have to find an older build of the connector but that version is full of bugs because no one tested it before they released it (which explains why there were 93 releases last year one per fucking bug apparently) and half the shit that is supposed to work doesn't (why would anyone need parameterized queries - just strcat a line of dynamic SQL together you pussy) so I have to re-code for bug avoidance purposes. After a few tries you'll successfully dodge all of the non-functional features and you'll craft something together that functions (most of the time).
OR! I could skip all of that hassle and develop the whole thing in ASP.NET where the database was designed specifically to work with the web framework that was designed to work with the language that was designed to work with my development environment and it was all designed to run on my desktop OS which is BTW is similar to my deployment server OS and get the job done with zero hassle and in 1/3rd of the time. Oh but I'm an idiot because I paid a few hundred bucks for software! Microsoft really fucked me didn't they?
To Summarize The Shitpile that is Open Source
99.99993% of open source software is complete garbage. Most open source developers suck otherwise they would be getting paid to write code. The open source developers that don't suck work for Oracle, IBM and Red Hat and are contributing to open source projects so their employers can collectively gain market share on Microsoft (isn't working) and trap suckers into using their open source solutions so that the suckers will buy their consulting services and support contracts. And Wordpress doesn't suck but MySQL which Wordpress uses to store it's data does suck. And thats all you need to know about open source.
Grumpy Nerd Out.
If you take a stroll down a list of the most expensive films of all time, you'll notice that most of the films are from the past 15 years. Every year, more and more money is being poured into producing larger and grander films, likely with the hope that a bigger film production budget will result in more movie ticket sales. For the chart below, I analyzed the production budget and ticket sales data of 11,706 films (courtesy of Box Office Mojo) to see whether that assumption held up.
(Note: All dollar values have been adjusted to 2014 dollars.)
It's fun to note some of the outlier cases in the above chart:
Midget Zombie Takeover is the most unremarkable film on this chart (in terms of budget and ticket sales), with a measly budget of $2,043 and ticket sales totaling $10,653.
Tarnation is the biggest underdog success story with ticket sales totaling $721,546 coming from a budget of only $277.
Zyzzyx Road is the biggest failure with a paltry $35 in ticket sales despite a $2.36 million production budget, although the poor ticket sales were due to a deliberate effort by the producer.
Amusing outliers aside, the above chart is likely misleading because the few outlier cases in the lower budget and ticket sales ranges are strongly affecting the linear regression. For that reason, I focused the analysis only on big-budget films with at least $1 million in both budget and ticket sales.
Although there's a weak correlation between film production budget and ticket sales (R^2 = 0.32), it's fairly clear that just pouring money into a film's production budget to hire high-profile actors, add more CGI, etc. doesn't mean that the film will sell more tickets. In fact, if we compare the linear regression (blue line) to the line of parity (black line), the more that's spent on film production, the less likely the film will end up making that investment back in ticket sales.
Regardless, it's interesting to see that there's even a weak correlation between a film's budget and it's performance in the box office. Only 4 films with a $100M budget ever made less than $10M in ticket sales, whereas only 6 films with a budget less than $10M ever made more than $100M in ticket sales. It seems that the film industry is like the stock market: You have to spend money to make money. And if you want to make the real big money, you're gambling with an awful lot of benjamins.
Without a word, this uniform also whispers of freezing troops, injured bodies, and Americans left forever in foreign fields. It documents every serviceman's courage who by accepting this uniform promises the one gift he truly has to give his life. I wear my uniform for the heritage of sacrifice it represents and more. I wear my uniform with pride for it represents the greatest nation of free people in the world. Captain Karen Dorman Kimmel
This video and this quote from Captain Karen Dorman Kimmel truly embodies what Giglines represents. Remember our fallen and our troops by honoring the uniform they wear.
On this day 12 years ago, one of the most horrific and disturbing events in American history took place. I was just a teenager in high school when it happened, but no matter how long ago it was, this is one of those moments that will be forever ingrained in our society and in my history. I can remember exactly what I was doing when the TVs cut to the news and started detailing the first event as if it was the only one. I was in Physical Education at a local bowling alley with my class, mid bowl, when the TV started telling the tell. The entire room went silent and everyone, regardless of their age fixated on the developing story.
My teacher, who happened to also be my football coach rushed us back on the bus and cut our free day short. He quickly brought us back to school just for us to find out that another tragic event was unfolding right before our eyes. We made it back just in time to see the second plane hit the second tower.
Over the course of the day, all classes pretty much taught nothing. All of the students that did not have their parents rush to pick them up were glued to the TVs for the remainder of the day. Even to a teenager, the effects ran deep. I remember an overwhelming support for our troops, a pride that increased tenfold that day.
A lot of memories from high school have faded over time, but I think the memory of that day will forever stick with me. It was haunting yet humbling at the same time. It set a course of action that stayed with us to this day and will probably continue to be a huge part of our decisions for some years to come. It brought together a nation and gave Americans another reason to stand up behind our troops. A philosophy that Giglines tries to embody in everything we do.
The software tycoon Microsoft has come up with another bizarre idea of setting up subsea data centers. It has already begun an ongoing research titled Project Natick which is both cost effective and environmentally friendly. The blueprint of the concept was developed as early in 2013 by one of its employees.
It's a digital world-one can imagine the excessive use of smartphones and internet media. In the present world, the major problem faced by tech companies like Google and Facebook is keeping their data centers cool. Mostly these companies prefer colder countries to set up servers to manage heat arising from them. It is then Microsoft thought of this innovative concept of underwater data centers. Ben Cutler, a computer designer for Microsoft says “But as you think more about it, it actually makes a lot of sense” (The New York Times)
MICROSOFT'S PROTOTYPE SERVER RAN FOR 105 DAYS
Leona Philpot, the first submarine server is set up off the coast of California. This challenging venture of Microsoft is named after a character from Halo, is a steel capsule some eights foot in diameter. It contained only a single computing rack sealed in pressurized container filled with nitrogen. Different sensors were used to monitor conditions like humidity, pressure and motion inside and outside the capsule. Also the sensors measure the capsule's impact on its environment. Luckily, the sounds of the server's fans will get drowned out by the noise of sea, whereas the heat it generates only affects the water a few inches around the vessel.
The company's first prototype ran successfully for 105 days reveals Microsoft engineers. This attractive idea has its own logistical advantages. Statistics show that half of the world's population lives within 200 kilometers off the coastal area. As such is the case, it is easier to deploy whenever extra capacity is required. Moreover, the setting up of submarine centers will only take a maximum of 90 days compared to 2 years of building a data center on land.
Even though this plan of Microsoft sounds exciting it comes with many hurdles to surpass for practical implementation. Unlike the virtual data centers which can undergo regular checkups when needed, designers have to make their underwater systems to go on without maintenance for many years. The technicians are also optimistic that in the years to come these data centers may even be able to power themselves using underwater turbines or tidal power.
Though the project is still in its initial stage, the company says the time is ripe for rethinking new data centers. As the Moore's law states that the computing power doubles roughly every two years, Microsoft has already started its extended activities of making an underwater system much larger than Leona Philpot, precisely three times bigger. The digital world has always surprised the human race with their products and in the years to come Microsoft promises some big exciting leaps; so let's keep our fingers crossed to be digitally amazed yet once again.
Spoilers
SPOILER IMAGES: CLICK TO VIEW
If you were wondering what Thor was up to during the first 30 minutes-or-so of The Avengers, this first prelude issue to Thor: The Dark World will have the answers you are seeking. Full onbelow so turn away now if you plan on purchasing the comic tomorrow and wish to know nothing about the story.The issue picks up some time after the events of the first Thor film. With the Bifrost in ruins thanks to the climactic battle between Loki and Thor, the enemies of Asgard are seizing the opportunity to exploit an adversarial weakness. It's implied that Hogun will play a significant role in Vanaheim's conflict with The Marauders as he is Vanir not Asgardian. Stuck in Asgard, Thor keeps a watchful eye on Jane Foster through the all-seeing abilities of Heimdall. Jane is also keeping busy, she's working on a device that will create a wormhole which will allow Thor to return. She builds a prototype machine but it fails spectacularly. This is probably how Thor will return to Earth in the film and how the other Asgardians will be able to get to the other Nine Realms.The comic then fast forwards to one year later, with The Realm Eternal still in repair mode. Everyone has pressing concerns about looming conflicts with the Trolls, Marauders, Badoon and Ice Giants and have seemingly forgotten about Loki, having written him off for dead. Except for his mother Frigga who uses her powers to locate her foster-son in Chituari space with Thanos, The Other and their army. Its Frigga who alerts Odin and Thor to Loki's plan regarding the Tesseract which prompts Odin to lead Thor to a room with a large "Dark Energy" generator. However, harnessing this power will have unspecified negative consequences on the All-father and Thor. Indeed we see Thor arrive on Earth or Midgard if you will, but he crashed into a mountain and is badly damaged. So it would appear that while we saw Loki arrive and get taken into custody by The Avengers in the early beginnings of the film, Thor was crash-landed, unconscious and reeling from the effects of the Dark Energy. And that's the end of Part one of the two issue limited series. I'm hoping that the next issue will show what effect the Dark Energy had on the All-Father and what's happening in The Realm Eternal post-Avengers.SOURCE: Tumblr via TM Fangirl (w) Craig Kyle, Chris Yost(a)Scot Eatonrelease date: June 05, 2013$2.99
Today we have news that Julian Assange's idol, Ron Paul, will be joining the president of the John Birch Society to address one of the most virulent antisemitic groups in North America: Ron Paul, Birch President to Speak at Anti-Semitic Conference.
Beyond the obvious, what do a far-right Italian politician, the president of the John Birch Society and former U.S. Rep. Ron Paul have in common?
In early September, the men are all scheduled to speak - along with a lengthy list of archconservative clergy, lawyers and academics - at a conference in Canada sponsored by the Fatima Center, part of the “radical traditionalist Catholic” movement, perhaps the single largest group of hard-core anti-Semites in North America.
Paul, the former Texas congressman and Republican presidential candidate, is the keynote speaker of the weeklong conference slated for Sept. 8-13 in Niagara Falls, Ontario. A physician before entering politics, Paul got into considerable hot water in 2008 when The New Republic published “Angry White Man,” an article about the contents of newsletters he published. What the newsletters revealed, the magazine reported, “are decades worth of obsession with conspiracies, sympathy for the right-wing militia movement, and deeply held bigotry against blacks, Jews and gays.” Paul denied writing the newsletters that bore his name.
The conference is titled, “Fatima: The Path to Peace” and “is a call,” according to a Fatima Center press release, “to a return to sanity in the government of the world and the Church, for the two cannot be separated.”
Also scheduled to speak is Roberto Fiore, an Italian politician, who, when he won a seat to the European Parliament in 2008, was described by a fellow member of the body as “absolutely the most extreme person who has ever served in the European Parliament.”
Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan speaks during a news conference at RBI headquarters in Mumbai on August 5, 2014 (AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe)
New Delhi (AFP) - India's central bank governor, renowned for forecasting the 2008 financial meltdown, has warned that the world economy faces risk of another market crash as asset prices surge.
Increasing global financial instability stems from investors chasing ever higher yields, Raghuram Rajan, a former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief economist, told the Central Banking Journal.
"True, it (another financial sector crisis) may not happen if we can find a way to unwind everything steadily," Rajan, who is famed for predicting the 2008 markets crash years in advance, said in the interview posted late Wednesday on the journal's website.
"But it is a big hope and prayer," said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor, adding there is a risk of sudden price reversals and sharp spikes in financial volatility.
Rajan, author of the acclaimed 2011 book Fault Lines on how hidden financial fractures threaten the world economy, added he feared central banks globally "may be exhausting room" in their monetary-easing arsenal to cope with any economic crisis.
Rajan compared today's state of affairs as similar to the 1930s which was the era of the Great Depression.
"We are back to the 1930s, in a world of 'competitive easing',", Rajan said, referring to ultra-low interest rate policies pursued by the US Federal Reserve, the Bank of Japan and the Bank of England in a bid to stimulate their economies and spur growth.
"Back then, it was competitive devaluation (of currencies), but competitive easing could lead to competitive devaluation," says Rajan.
"If there were no consequences to competitive easing (to spurring economies), fine; but there are consequences," he warned.
Rajan left his post as professor at the prestigious University of Chicago's Booth School of Business and returned to India in 2012 to serve as government financial advisor and last September took over the Reserve Bank.
The mystery of who has been decorating dead animals along roads in Columbia have been solved.
Devon Devaughn turned decorating roadkill into a class project during the fall semester of her senior year at the University of Missouri. The photography student first experimented with the idea as a sophomore when she saw a dead raccoon along Providence Road.
�I wondered what that would look like if I dumped a bunch of glitter on it,� she said.
She has lost track of how many animals she�s decorated � she guesses between 40 and 60 � and most were found along a roadside after being struck by a car, although the list does include a fish and a mouse. A large number this semester were along Route K, near her residence in south Columbia.
�It started out as an urge,� she said. �It just kept going.�
The art became news in a Nov. 28 article in the Tribune, and the Columbia Missourian completed the story this week by identifying the MU student as the artist. The Tribune article briefly became a topic during the critique of her photos, and it amused Devaughn when she saw it.
�I thought I kind of wanted to keep it a mystery for a while,� she said. �I thought that was a good way to end my project.�
By the way, she got an A.
The Tribune quoted Madeline Stanley, who saw Devaughn working and watched but did not talk to her. Devaughn was painting in green and gold � Rock Bridge High School colors � and Stanley thought she might be a high school or early college student. The 21-year-old from Lee�s Summit thought it was odd that Stanley did not say anything.
�A couple of people did. There was a woman by B&B Bagel off Nifong. She thought like a cat or something of mine had been run over and I was doing a memorial in a strange way,� Devaughn said. �There was a man when I was in the parking lot of Hy-Vee off of Grindstone and decorating a duck, and he saw me putting glitter on it. It was actually really cool.�
A funny part of the article, she said, was Mike Schupp, area engineer with the Missouri Department of Transportation, asking that the artist stop painting around roadkill because it is a potential distraction to drivers.
�I was curious as to how that was thought of as more distracting than a billboard,� Devaughn said.
Reached Wednesday morning, Schupp said it is not the artwork itself that could be distracting but the fact that the artist is working on the side of the road, adding the concern is for Devaughn�s safety.
When asked how she could best continue her work without safety concerns, Schupp suggested Devaughn find a parking lot to work in.
After beginning with glitter, Devaughn expanded to spray paint, then chalk paint because it washes off easier, and other items to decorate the carrion. A deer pulled to the side of the road was framed in blue, five cupcake papers pulled open like pink and white flowers surrounding its head.
An opossum on a field of blue with pink circles, sprinkled with glitter, was found by the Tribune on Route K.
Devaughn�s favorite is a photo of a severed paw she found on Route K near the Columbia water plant in McBaine. She said she painted it gold, painted the ground pink and added glitter.
For meaning in her work, she said, look at what she uses. �I like craft store items.�
They are cheap, plastic and disposable, Devaughn said. �Those qualities reflect how we treat animals sometimes.�
(J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
First Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). Now Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas). As a Donald Trump loss looms likelier, two prominent senators have suggested in the past month that the Supreme Court could function just fine with eight justices -- indefinitely.
Whether the court would be fine with eight is a matter of debate. But legal scholars tell me Cruz and McCain are right about two things: 1) There is precedent for the court to have more or less than nine justices, and 2) Senate Republicans could hold up a Supreme Court nominee indefinitely.
The night Justice Antonin Scalia died in February, Russell Wheeler with the Brookings Institution said there is nothing in the Constitution that says the Senate has to confirm, or even consider, the president's nominee.
(The Constitution says the Senate "shall advise" the president, which over time we've taken to mean will approve or disapprove of. But despite precedent, Wheeler says there are very few courts that would interpret "shall" as "must.")
And while there is a law that says there will be nine justices, it's been followed loosely. The court has sat with six, seven, even 10 justices at different points in history. Pew Research found that in the 19th century, court vacancies sat unfilled for months, or even years.
Holding up a Supreme Court nomination might be contrary to the way we've done things for decades, but there is nothing in our nation's laws that would stop Senate Republicans from doing it. President Obama's nominee Merrick Garland holds the record (by more than 100 days) of the longest wait for his nomination: 226 days and counting. As incensed as Democrats may be about that, they can't really file a lawsuit to try to get Republicans to consider Garland.
Republicans can keep up the blockade when there is a new president (and likely a new Supreme Court nominee) too, Wheeler says. They could do it if they held onto the majority, and they could do it if Democrats take control of the Senate with a thin majority, one shy of the 60 votes it would take to prevent Republicans from filibustering a Clinton nominee. Clinton could, in theory, appoint a Supreme Court nominee while the Senate is on a break, but if Senate Republicans were in the majority, they could prevent a break from ever happening (at least, on paper).
And don't count on Republicans nominating Garland after the election in a lame-duck session. Even Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) thinks that's unlikely.
If Clinton wins, Republicans have a political incentive to fight her nominee. Replacing one of the court's most conservative justices in recent history with a moderate or liberal one isn't the sort of Senate accomplishment a GOP incumbent would look forward to explaining to base voters back home.
But just as could envision a world where the Supreme Court goes years with eight justices, we could envision a world where Republicans get punished at the ballot box for it.
For one, they would need to come up with a new rationale for blocking a new justice, since their current argument — the need to wait for the election of a new president — would be moot. Cruz seems to be testing out an idea others have floated earlier this year: It's not the end of the world to have eight justices.
Republicans also have apathy on their side right now. Right now, the average voter does not seem to care much about the GOP blockade — at least, not enough to boot Republicans out of office for it. But that could change if days stretch into years without a ninth Supreme Court justice.
Americans' apathy is in spite of the fact the current court has already opted not to take up some pretty big decisions on such issues as President Obama's immigration reform and teachers unions. Some of those non-decisions favored Republicans, others Democrats. But could you imagine another few years of deadlocked or non-decisions? That is objectively unsatisfying -- and it's possible that Americans might start to care about how many justices are on the Supreme Court.
Finally, if were other vacancies opened during President Clinton's presidency — a real possibility, since two justices are 80 or older right now — Republicans would have a harder time justifying a blockade of multiple nominees.
There is one surefire way Democrats could short-circuit a Republican Supreme Court blockade. Go nuclear — specifically, change the rules (again) regarding how the Senate approves judicial nominations. In 2013, Senate Democrats changed the filibuster rules so that just a simple majority is needed to confirm most judicial nominations. But they left Supreme Court justices to the original 60-vote threshold.
The outgoing Harry Reid has floated the possibility of lowering the bar to confirm Supreme Court justices. But he will have retired by January 2017, and his likely replacement, Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), doesn't seem to want to go that far yet.
"I hope we won't get to that," Schumer told CNBC's John Harwood. "And I'll leave it at that."
To sum up, McCain and Cruz are right: Senate Republicans can block a Supreme Court nominee for as long as they want. The question now becomes whether they are up for it.
Update: Even though he may be right, McCain really didn't want to talk to a local reporter about this -- or other issues -- in a recent interview:
Lambda Legal and the Hawai‘i Civil Rights Commission today urged the Intermediate Court of Appeals of the State of Hawai`i to reject a new argument that the recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores allows a commercial business operating a bed and breakfast to refuse accommodation to a lesbian couple, and thereby violate Hawai`i's antidiscrimination law, by invoking the business owner's religious beliefs as a defense.
Lambda Legal Staff Attorney Peter Renn said:
The ink on the Hobby Lobby case isn't even dry, and already we're seeing misguided attempts to do exactly what nine members of the U.S. Supreme Court agreed was forbidden: to use religion as a shield for discrimination. While the Hobby Lobby ruling is very troubling, the Court made clear that it wasn't handing businesses a license to discriminate. It still holds true in Hawai`i that when you enter the commercial world, you take on an obligation not to discriminate against customers, no matter what the color of their skin, what religion they practice, or whom they love.
Lambda Legal joined by co-counsel from the Hawai'i-based firm of Carlsmith Ball LLP represents Diane Cervelli and Taeko Bufford, a lesbian couple who were denied public accommodation because of their sexual orientation by Aloha Bed & Breakfast, located in Hawai‘i Kai. The Executive Director of the Hawai‘i Civil Rights Commission joined the lawsuit to protect and enforce the state public accommodations law.
In April 2013, the First Circuit Court of Hawai`i ruled in favor of Cervelli and Bufford, and Aloha Bed & Breakfast appealed the ruling to the Intermediate Court of Appeals of Hawai`i.
Hawai‘i Civil Rights Commission Executive Director William Hoshijo said:
The Hobby Lobby case does not affect our state laws prohibiting discrimination on bases like race, sex, and sexual orientation, in employment, public accommodations, and housing. Our state civil rights protections are of paramount importance, and the HCRC will continue to vigorously enforce them and oppose efforts to erode or diminish those protections.
Cervelli and Bufford were traveling to visit a close friend and her newborn baby in Hawai‘i Kai. When they contacted the business, the owner wanted to know whether Cervelli and Bufford were lesbians. When they answered truthfully, the owner refused to provide accommodations because they were a lesbian couple. During a subsequent HCRC investigation, the owner admitted that she turned the couple away because they were lesbians, stating that she believed same-sex relationships are “detestable” and that they “defile our land.”
Read the press release.
Saying “violence isn't the answer,” Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James criticized the rampant rioting in Ferguson, Missouri, and spoke out about the announcement that Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson was not being indicted for the August shooting of a local teenager.
James said that the decision not to indict officer Wilson for shooting teenager Michael Brown “hit close to home” with him.
After Tuesday's announcement of the grand jury's decision not to indict, James criticized rioters saying that their destructive attack on their own neighborhood is “not the answer.”
James maintained that the rioting doesn't help the cause at all.
“What does that do?” he asked. “What does that actually do? Just hurt more families, hurt more people, draw more attention to things that shouldn't even be going on instead of people going to the family's household and praying with them. And saying, ‘Things are going to be great.' You know, ‘Mike Brown is in a better place now,' and ‘Trayvon Martin is in a better place now.' That's where it should be. I mean, burning down things and shooting up things and running cars into places and stealing and stuff like that, what does that do? It doesn't make you happy.”
Once the rioting began, LeBron went to his Instagram account and posted a drawing depicting Trayvon Martin and Mike Brown arm in arm and noted in his message that “we can do better.”
“As a society how do we do better and stop things like this happening time after time!! I'm so sorry to these families. Violence is not the answer people. Retaliation isn't the solution as well,” he wrote.
James then went on to insist that the problem isn't just a Ferguson issue, that it is “much bigger than that.”
“It's not just one instance,” James said. “It's not just Mike Brown or Trayvon Martin or anything that's going on in our society. I think it's much bigger than that. Like I said last night, violence is not the answer and retaliation is not the solution. My prayers and best wishes goes out to the families of anyone that loses a loved one, especially a kid today.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com
Anderson Silva's dream was good while it lasted, but it did not last too long.
As Giovanni Decker, the general manager of UFC in Brazil, told Combate, the former middleweight champion won't fight at UFC 198, in his hometown of Curitiba. According to Decker, the reason was a simple one. There was just not any available fighters for "The Spider", even though there were rumors about him taking on Gegard Mousasi or Tim Kennedy.
Furthermore, Decker confirmed that Vitor Belfort and Ronaldo Souza will be the night's co-main event and even though Silva is officially of the card, he still believes it will be the greatest card in Brazil yet.
"This card will be the best one in the history of Brazil. We still have some other fights to confirm and we will have paranaenses on the card."
"Paranaenses" are what people born in the state of Parana, of which Curitiba is the capital, are called. Currently, the UFC has paranaenses such as John Lineker and Jessica Andrade available for the card, although another one, Cristiane "Cyborg" Justino has been campaigning to fight on the event as well.
UFC 198 takes place at Curitiba, on May 14, in Arena da Baixada, soccer stadium with capacity for over 40 thousand people. The night's headliner brings a heavyweight title fight between Fabricio Werdum and Stipe Miocic.
Colorado's Senate race is one of the more hotly contested of the midterm cycle. The seat, in one of the nation's truly purple states, pits incumbent Democratic Senator Mark Udall against U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner, a Republican, in one of the core five or six races that will likely determine who controls the legislature's upper house. Gardner, a rising star in his party that made his name bringing clean energy to the state, took the lead last month and currently leads by an average of three points. Meanwhile, Udall's approval ratings have sunk in lockstep with President Obama's this year, and his attempt to run what is essentially a one-issue campaign attacking Gardner on women's issues has largely faltered.
The race's first debate took place Wednesday night, and was as contentious as many expected. Few anticipated the moderators would take on as active a role as they did, fact-checking and pressing both candidates, often with three or four prompts, to answer a question.
Their part in the mayhem came to the fore on the topic of the Federal Life and Conception Act, better known as the “Personhood Amendment,” which Gardner cosponsored in the House's last legislative session. He publicly renounced his support for the bill, which would ban abortions and certain types of contraception nationwide, in March, after Colorado voters overwhelmingly rejected a similar ballot measure in that state.
Since then, he has repeatedly characterized the bill as a “statement that [he] support[s] life,” and denied that it is a bill to end abortion. A moderator disputed this with the debate's most pointed challenge.
“We're not going to debate [whether the bill ends abortion] here tonight because it's a fact. Your cosponsors say so, your opponents say so, and independent fact checkers say so.” Later on, he drove the point home: “Everyone seems to have a cohesive idea of what this is with the exception of you.”
Gardner's response was a familiar one.
“Again, I do not support the personhood amendment, the bill you're referring to is simply a statement that I support life.” This, and the fact that he “has answered this question many times,” were essentially his responses to the next four questions. His defense was bordering on farce by the time he attempted to compare his new stance to that of his opponent's on gay rights.
“I'll repeat the words of Senator Udall who said when he changed his position on the issue of gay marriage that a good faith change of position should be considered a virtue, not a vice.” It sounds good, except that Rep. Gardner's change of position is not at all in good faith. As a moderator was keen to point out, his name remains on the bill as a sponsor. All that has changed is that he now refuses to acknowledge that the bill could actually become a law and have a profound impact on the lives of people both within and beyond Colorado's borders.
The episode does not seem to have made much of a splash in the race thus far. A Quinnipiac University survey of likely voters, out today, has Gardner at 47 percent and Udall at 41, after a Denver Post poll on Monday had Gardner up just two points. The Post—which endorsed Gardner, calling Udall's campaign “obnoxious”—highlighted the candidates' discussion of Ebola and Gardner's attempt to paint Udall as the president's lackey before getting to the Personhood Amendment exchange. Udall has attempted to portray Gardner as an extremist, calling him “the 10th most conservative Congressman,” but like his attempt to sweep the female vote by tying his opponent to the “War on Women,” that seems to have fallen on deaf ears.
TiVo this morning announced the launch of a new product in its BOLT family of DVRs, the BOLT+. While the 4K-ready BOLT, which debuted last fall, featured a white chassis and unique, curved shape, the BOLT+ instead returns to the standard black body, even while it maintains the odd form factor. More importantly, it offers more storage (3 TB) and more tuners (six are included), as compared with the older model.
With 3 TB of recording capabilities, TiVo BOLT+ can record 450 hours of HD content, the company says, while the additional tuners mean you can record and stream more programs at the same time.
The original BOLT arrived with the choice between a 500 GB or 1 TB hard disk drive, and four tuners, for comparison's sake.
These changes basically make the BOLT+ more like an upgraded Roamio Pro, except for the fact that the new DVR offers support for 4K streaming, as well.
In addition, the BOLT+ offers other features included in the BOLT, like SkipMode, QuickMode, OneSearch, OnePass and mobile streaming.
SkipMode and QuickMode were big additions, in terms of TiVo's software, when the BOLT was first unveiled. QuickMode lets you watch 30 percent faster, with pitch-corrected audio – which makes sense for digesting certain kinds of media, like news, sports, or educational programs where you're trying to glean information, but not necessarily partake in the traditional, lean-back TV watching experience.
With SkipMode, TiVo lets users push a button once to move to the next part of the program without having to view commercials.
In an era where more people than ever are cutting the cord with pay TV services in favor of ad-free online streaming alternatives, like Netflix, a commercial-skipping option was a must-have for TiVo. Unfortunately, it's not available for all recorded shows, the company notes.
TiVo also made a point to mention that its device can be used as a Plex client – something that could appeal also to the cord-cutting community, who often use the media server software Plex to watch content from their own home libraries.
Meanwhile, TiVo features like OnePass and OneSearch aim to simplify the now fragmented TV landscape where programming is spread out across numerous networks and a variety of online services for streaming, rental and purchase. OnePass lets you consolidate all the episodes of a favorite show via your cable TV service and online services like Netflix, Amazon and Hulu, for example, in order to create a universal watchlist.
OneSearch lets you search for shows and movies across local channels and internet video at the same time.
Also like BOLT, the new BOLT+ lets you watch live TV and recorded shows remotely using either a smartphone or tablet in the home when you're on the same network. You can download and stream some programs while out of the home, too, but this is dependent on the copyright restrictions put in place by the content providers. Out-of-home streaming is only supported on one device at a time, TiVo says.
It's worth noting the BOLT+ is designed for recording from cable. If you also want to record from OTA channels, you'll need the original BOLT.
The TiVo BOLT+ will be available for $499.99 beginning on September 15. It will be sold online at TiVo's website, plus Amazon, Magnolia retail stores, and custom install dealers nationwide.
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
A massive sinkhole that opened up under a Kentucky museum Wednesday morning swallowed several vintage and rare Corvettes.
The National Corvette Museum said the Bowling Green Fire Department estimates the sinkhole to be around 25-30 feet deep and 40 feet wide.
"This is going to be an interesting situation," Museum Executive Director Wendell Strode told the Bowling Green Daily News, noting that a structural engineer is at the Bowling Green facility to evaluate the damage inside its Sky Dome section.
Six of the cars in the sinkhole are owned by the museum; two others are owned by General Motors.
Test Drive: 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray
More On This...
"It is with heavy hearts that we report that eight Corvettes were affected by this incident," the museum said in a press release.
The museum said the cars are a 1993 ZR-1 Spyder and 2009 ZR1 "Blue Devil" on loan from General Motors; a 1962 Black Corvette; 1984 PPG Pace Car; 1992 White 1 Millionth Corvette; 1993 Ruby Red 40th Anniversary Corvette; 2001 Mallett Hammer Z06 Corvette and a 2009 White 1.5 Millionth Corvette.
Strode told the Courier-Journal that emergency personnel allowed museum staff to remove the only surviving 1983 Corvette, which was at risk of joining the other cars in the sinkhole.
“Before we do anything, like remove the other cars, we want that assessment so we know if there's been any structural damage to the Sky Dome,” Strode told the Courier-Journal.
The museum is closed for the day.
An estimate of the cost of the damage done to vehicles and the museum has not yet been determined.
No injuries have been reported and Bowling Green city spokeswoman Kim Lancaster told The Associated Press that this appears to be the first incident of its kind at the property.
Bowling Green is also the only place where General Motors builds Corvettes. The city sits in the midst of Kentucky's Western Pennyroyal area, where many of the state's longest and deepest caves run underground, according to The Associated Press.
Analysts in South Korea and the United States say there is little evidence that Kim Jong Eun has been groomed for power -- or that he is equipped to deal with the regime-rotting challenge presented by the growth of private markets and the rise of a bribe-paying entrepreneurial class.
In the view of several outside experts, this month's currency revaluation was a preemptive strike against the markets by Kim Jong Il, an aging leader who is worried about succession and trying to buy time.
"This was one of the strongest measures he could take," said Cho Young-key, a professor of North Korea studies at Korea University in Seoul. "Kim is thinking that if he can't control the markets now, in the future it will get even harder, and then he will be handing power to the son."
Stripping wealth from merchants is consistent with Kim Jong Il's long-held abhorrence of capitalist reform. His government regards it as "honey-coated poison" that can lead to regime change and catastrophe, according to the Rodong Sinmun, the party newspaper in Pyongyang.
"It is important to decisively frustrate capitalist and non-socialist elements in their bud," said the newspaper.
Closing the marketplace
Kim's government in the past two years has closed some large markets, shifted Chinese-made goods to state-run shops and ordered that only middle-aged and older women can sell goods in open-air markets, to try to limit the number of North Koreans who abandon government jobs for the private sector.
But capitalism seems to have already taken root. U.N. officials estimate that half the calories consumed in North Korea come from food bought in private markets, and that nearly 80 percent of household income derives from buying and selling in the markets, according to a study last year in the Seoul Journal of Economics.
Private markets are flooding the country with electronics from China and elsewhere.
Cheap radios, televisions, MP3 devices, DVD players, video cameras and cellphones are seeping into a semi-feudal society, where a trusted elite lives in the capital Pyongyang. Surrounding the elite is a suspect peasantry that is poor, stunted by hunger and spied upon by layers of state security.
In the past year, the elites in Pyongyang have been granted authorized access to mobile phones -- the number is soon expected to reach 120,000. In the border regions with China, unauthorized mobile phone use has also increased among the trading classes. And unlike most of the mobile phones in Pyongyang, the illegal phones are set up to make international calls.
Chinese telecom companies have built relay towers near the border, providing strong mobile signals in many nearby North Korean towns, according to the Chosun Ilbo, a Seoul-based daily.
Those phones have become a new source of real-time reporting to the outside world on events inside North Korea, as networks of informants call in news to Web sites such as the Seoul-based Daily NK and the Buddhist aid group Good Friends.
Good Friends reported last week that security forces in the northeastern town city of Chongjin executed a citizen after he burned a large pile of old currency. He was apparently worried that police enforcing currency laws would investigate him to find out how he had gotten rich, the group said.
Affordable electronics are also cracking open the government's decades-old seal on incoming information. Imported radios -- and televisions in border areas -- are enabling a substantial proportion of the North Korean populations to tune in to Chinese and South Korean stations, as well as to Radio Free Asia and Voice of America, according to an unpublished survey of newly arrived defectors in South Korea. It found that two-thirds of them listened regularly to foreign broadcasts.
Special correspondent June Lee contributed to this report.
It's at the beginning of Back to the Future, about 20 minutes in, when Marty McFly first sees a futuristic four-wheeled hunk of metal—outfitted with a flux capacitor—back out of a smoke-filled trailer. Turning to the wild-haired Doc Brown, McFly exclaims, "Wait a minute, Doc. Ah... are you telling me that you built a time machine... out of a DeLorean?"
For three films, the DeLorean DMC-12 would be McFly's steel-laden chariot through time, escaping to the far future of 2015 and to the distant past of the old West. But the car's starring role on screen was a far cry from its troubled experience in the real world up to that point. Now 30 years later, the DeLorean is preparing to time travel once again, revisiting its the past while also probing the future of human transportation. This is the story of the DMC-12 and its legacy, a story even stranger than the car itself.
Schematics
John DeLorean looks over schematics in a Detroit factory, 1974. The LIFE Images Collection Getty Images
John Zachary DeLorean was an automobile industry legend long before the DMC-12 ever came around. The youngest person to lead a department at General Motors, he helped make the Bonneville a luxury car and turned the Catalina into a bestseller. He was responsible for the Pontiac Tempest and the Pontiac GTO, considered America's "first muscle car." In 1969, GM put him in charge of failing Chevrolet where he immediately turned a record profit. And he did it all before he turned fifty years old.
Like the cars he was creating, the "Detroit Dream Maker" lived his life fast. Good-looking and arrogant, he appeared on magazine covers and tabloid front pages. He palled around with Sammy Davis Jr. and Johnny Carson. He dated actresses like Raquel Welch and Candice Bergen. One of his girlfriends said for a Christmas gift, he gave her a leather-bound portfolio featuring photographs of himself.
"To be honest, if he pulled it off it would be all but a miracle... I'd almost say, only he could do it."
By 1972, he was done with the button-up culture of GM and ready to create a luxury sports car in his image. When DeLorean formed the DeLorean Motor Company in late 1975, he hired William T. Collins, one of GM's top engineers, and Italian car designer Giorgetto Giugiaro to work on what DeLorean called the world's first "ethical" sports car.
Less than a year later, the DeLorean released the DMC-12's first prototype. Of course, it was named after its creator. The "12" represented the original plan to sell it for $12,000 (about $50,000 in today's money).
Inspired by Henry Ford's 1936 stainless steel sedan, the car featured an all-steel skin that remains one of its defining features. In a 1979 New York Times article, DeLorean praised the steel exterior because it reflected the sky's different hues and changed the car's color, not to mention that it would prevent rusting for 25 years.
DeLorean promised that the car would come in at half the weight of a Corvette with better gas mileage than a Porsche. In terms of safety, it would have all the new and required features, and those gull-wing doors were even sold as a design with safety in mind.
"They are not jarred open as easily" plus "they add sex appeal," DeLorean told The Times. DeLorean believed the DMC-12 would arrive with the same price tag as a Corvette or Porsche 924.
There was initial excitement from major automobile publications along with financial skepticism. Independent car companies going against the behemoths always had a low success rate. Most financial experts figured that after the first few years, sales momentum would be hard to maintain, especially if DeLorean couldn't pivot to lower-cost cars. But hope remained for DeLorean:
"Everybody who's tried it failed. But they don't know John," an auto analyst from Chase Manhattan Bank toldThe Times. "To be honest, if he pulled it off it would be all but a miracle... I'd almost say, only he could do it."
Brakes
Stockpiled DMC-12s at the DeLorean Motor plant in Ireland, 1982. AFP Getty Images
The DeLorean Motor Company faced big problems from the starting line. Because of budget overruns, mechanical flaws, and poor quality control, full production on the DMC-12 didn't begin until 1981. To make things worse, an update to the prototype's design added an unexpected 500 pounds to the car, creating more cost overruns and a much pricier car at $25,000.
The delays forced DeLorean to rush the car to market, skipping planned rigorous performance testing. Engineers found out too late that the V-6 engine couldn't handle the extra weight, and so the DMC-12's performance was middling and unimpressive—it certainly couldn't match the edgy look of the car.
DeLorean poses with the DMC-12, 1985. Corbis Getty Images
The company hoped to sell 10,000 to 12,000 cars, but moved just 6,000. By early 1982, the British government denied DeLorean's request for a bail out, and within in the month the company all but declared bankruptcy. The last hope evaporated on October 20, 1982, when the FBI arrested DeLorean with charges of possession of nearly 60 pounds of cocaine. The FBI said it was clear that "Mr. DeLorean's involvement in the drug operation stemmed directly from the financial difficulties of DeLorean Motors."
That same day, the British government officially closed DeLorean's plant in Ireland. Although a jury later found DeLorean not guilty on all drug charges, the damage was done. The DeLorean DMC-12 was being towed to the salvage yard of history.
Then Doc Brown came along.
Bob Gale, the writer of Back to the Future, told Popular Mechanics in 1985 that the filmmakers chose the DeLorean because it resembled a futuristic spaceship and it looked like a "homemade time machine Dr. Brown could pull together working in his shop." It was a match made in movie heaven. Gale recalled to the Los Angeles Times that DeLorean wrote a letter thanking the film's producers for "keeping my dream alive."
The rest is cinematic history. The DMC-12 appeared in all three Back to the Future movies, which turned a car destined to be forgotten into an icon of the screen and a car with a cult following. Now, more than three decades since its silver screen salvation, the DeLorean DMC-12 may be on its way back to the past.
Reignition
DeLorean Motor Company
When DeLorean opened his factory in 1981, the company had enough parts to build 30,000 cars. Only a third of them were used before DeLorean went belly-up. In 1983, the remaining parts were shipped to a storage facility in Columbus, Ohio.
Over the next decade, sporadic requests for these parts came from DeLorean owners around the world, including Stephen Wynn, who had a shop in California specializing in fixing DeLoreans. Wynn's shop was so popular that he opened a second location near Houston and called it the DeLorean Motor Company of Texas. To fulfill the increasing demand to repair old DeLoreans, he decided to buy up the remaining inventory of dusty parts along with exclusive distribution rights. While unaffiliated with the original incarnation of DeLorean Motors, Wynne reanimated the long-dead company with John DeLorean's blessing before the death of the DMC-12's namesake in 2005.
"Everybody has a DeLorean story," says James Espey, Vice-President of today's DeLorean Motor Company, "I'll be at a gas station and someone will come up and say, 'Hey, that's a DeLorean! My next-door neighbor's brother had a cousin who's girlfriend's dad had one of these...They all want to sit in it and take pictures."
In 2007, with full rights to the DeLorean name, the Humble,Texas-based company began rebuilding DeLoreans from stripped frames. While they were able to make a dozen or two per year, it didn't even come close to fulfilling demand. Four years later, they revealed a "proof of concept" vehicle for an all-electric DeLorean—named the DMCEV—and announced that the car would be available by 2013. But like its predecessor, the electric DMC hit a snag and couldn't find a technology partner, so the car would remain an elusive dream.
The present day DeLorean Motor Company DeLorean Motor Company
"We decided at the time to stick with the (internal combustion engine) versions of the DeLorean," Espey told Popular Mechanics, but says they may revisit the EV dream in the next few years.
In December 2015, the company again changed direction when, as part of a larger highway construction bill, the "Low Volume Motor Vehicle Manufacturers Act" (H.R. 2675) was signed into law. The provision allowed small auto manufacturers to produce up to 325 replicas a year of a car originally produced at least 25 years ago without being subjected to the same regulations as a company making millions of automobiles. This led to DMC announcing that they would be going into production on replica DeLoreans using the old stockpile of leftover parts from 1981, new reproduction parts, updated components, and modern engines. They even started taking pre-orders.
"Everybody has a DeLorean story...someone will come up and say, 'Hey, that's a DeLorean! My next-door neighbor's brother had a cousin who's girlfriend's dad had one of these.'"
But DeLorean's name seemed to haunt the small automotive startup like a lingering curse. The replicas are still subject to federal regulatory oversight. But what are those regulations? No one knows.
Espey says that the due to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration(NHTSA) lacking a director or a chief consul (as of this writing, the current administration has not nominated anyone), regulations have yet to be released for this program two years after the bill was signed.
"I don't think anybody is going to go into production," Espey says, "because you don't know if (the cars are) something that you can legally sell."
Until this day, it's release date remains unknown.
Where We're Going....
Mock-up of the DeLorean DR-7 VTOL aircraft. Paul DeLorean
While the DeLorean Motor Company wait for their fate on the ground, another company born from DeLorean's legacy is looking to go somewhere where we don't need roads. Paul DeLorean, John's nephew and CEO of DeLorean Aerospace, is developing "a Formula One race car...for the sky."
Despite the catchy slogan, DeLorean explains that it's "absolutely not a flying car." The DR-7 VTOL is a two-seat, fully-electric airplane that has vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) capabilities and will be sold strictly as a consumer product—as opposed to a fleet, like Uber Elevate.
DeLorean said he designed the aircraft for commuting, but he's already had interest from the military, law enforcement, search and rescue, and first responders. The futuristic aircraft could one day be fully autonomous. "Unmanned would be a fantastic application," Delorean told Popular Mechanics. "you could have 10 or 20 of these on a rooftop somewhere...and they would get there in the fraction of the time."
DeLorean is aware all of this is a no small task, but much like his uncle, he wants to revolutionize how humans move. With his father working on the original Ford Mustang, Paul spent many hours in his dad's shop and eventually went on to work at GM, where he helped design Cadillacs and Saabs. He moved over to Mattel in 2011, where he was a designer for Hot Wheels.
During his free time, he sketched and developed his concept for a personal aircraft that would appeal to daily commuters, adventurers, emergency services, and enthusiasts. "Originally, it was gas-powered, kinda steampunk-looking, and had lots of parts," DeLorean tells Popular Mechanics.
In 2012, he founded DeLorean Aerospace specifically to create his dream vehicle. He knew that invoking his uncle's name would turn heads. In fact, he was counting on it. "It's helped more than hurt so far," says DeLorean.
Tweaking the original aircraft design, he applied for a patent and was granted one in June 2015. It was just this past August when he made the announcement that the company had built two operational scale models. DeLorean expects a full prototype will be ready for a test flight by the end of 2018.
While there are other contenders attempting to take to the skies, DeLorean says his aircraft stands apart because of its increased range. While the other hopefuls top out at 50 miles per charge, the DR-7 VTOL will fly for 120 miles or more. DeLorean says he didn't design the aircraft to look pretty, but to have the lowest drag coefficient possible in order to optimize range. The hope is to keep the price under $300,000 and put the flying DeLorean on the market within five years.
While this sounds like an unrealistic timeline, Missy Cummings, aerospace engineer, pilot, and professor at Duke University who co-wrote a study on these aerial vehicles, says the five-year mark is actually reasonable. But the big question that remains is who's actually going to them.
"General aviation today in this country is dying," says Cummings, due to the soaring costs of pilot certification, maintenance, gas, and storage. "I don't think he's going to find enough people who are going to want a plane like that."
While Cummings is generally in favor of all-electric aviation, the idea needs more data and testing to make sure that the batteries don't catch fire. The last thing you want is to be airborne and in flames.
And history shows that the odds for success aren't exactly favorable. Other ambitious transportation startups have been promising that personal "flying cars" are just a few years away for decades, but the skies remain the undisturbed domain of commercial aircraft, recreational drones, and our feathered friends.
So for now, the DMC-12 remains stuck in time. One company hopes to relive the car's iconic past, while another tries to use its name to soar into the future. But as Doc Brown says, the "future is whatever you make it," and if John Z. DeLorean's legacy has anything to say about it, that future will at least have some style.
Hungary has exported rolls of razor wire and concrete pillars to Slovenia, Macedonia and Bulgaria while European leaders continue to argue over a solution to the refugee crisis.
It's estimated that 45,361 migrants and refugees have arrived in Greece this year. The International Organization for Migration says this is almost 31 times as many as the 1,472 who traveled to the European country in January 2015.
In 2016, 31,244 #migrants & refugees arrived in Greece by sea, a 2100% spike from a year ago https://t.co/ZgGdkLO4VN pic.twitter.com/4pT278phpa — IOM (@IOM_news) January 20, 2016​
Thousands have been left stranded on the country's border with Macedonia.
Dubbed the "patron saint of the Balkans" in a German news article, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, has sent 16,000 concrete pillars and 10,000 rolls of barbed wire to help Macedonia and Bulgaria barricade their borders after Macedonia asked for EU help with managing the refugee situation.
© REUTERS / Bernadett Szabo Hungarian army soldiers erect a fence on the border with Croatia near Zakany, Hungary, October 1, 2015.
In 2015, Hungary built razor wire fences on its border with Serbia and Croatia to stop the 1,500 refugees and migrants from arriving into the country on a daily basis. Viktor Orban believes Macedonia and Bulgaria should do the same and has called for the creation of a fence between the two countries.
"If we cannot secure the outer border [of the EU], regardless of how costly or demanding that is, we will destroy the Schengen regime by ourselves," Orban said.
Miro Cerar, Slovenia's prime minister, has joined the calls for more support from the EU for Macedonia.
"With an effective border management system in Macedonia it would not be necessary to close the borders within the Schengen area between Sweden, Denmark, Germany and Austria," he told German newspaper, Welt am Sonntag.
© AFP 2018 / Jure Makovec Slovenian soldiers build a razor wire fence on the Slovenian-Croatian border in Gibina, northeastern Slovenia, on November 11, 2015.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the European Commission president, has responded to the request from the Slovenian prime minister for more support to reinforce Macedonia's borders in a letter seen by the London newspaper, Financial Times.
"Although legally, Brussels itself cannot currently send such aid to a non-EU member," Juncker writes and states that individual member states should "support controls on the border with Greece through the secondment of police/law enforcement officers, and the provision of equipment."
The Republic of Macedonia or, as the European Union call it the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, has been a candidate for accession to the EU since 2005; negotiations with Brussels haven't started yet.
The Visegard Group, which brings together four central and European countries, Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia appear to be united in their approach to the refugee crisis. They want fences, not quotas.
And Viktor Orban, "patron saint of the Balkans" appears to be leading the support for Macedonia by sending barbed wire and concrete to reinforce its borders — while other EU leaders discuss what should be done.
Moon drawings
Drawings of the moon as seen with Galileo's telescope. By his own account, Galileo first observed the Moon on November 30, 1609. Comparing patterns of light and shadow in the vicinity of the terminator (dividing line between light and shadow) at first and third quarter, Galileo could argue convincingly that there exists mountains and valleys on the lunar surface. Aristotelian doctrine stipulated that celestial bodies were perfectly smooth and spherical. Drawing reproduced from Galileo's 1610 Sidereus Nuncius.
The first telescopic observations of the Moon on record were carried out by the English man Thomas Harriot (ca. 1560-1621), on the evening of July 26, 1609. However, based on his extant correspondence, as well as entries in his notebooks, as in the case of sunspots, Harriot did not appear to have drawn any particular physical significance from what he saw.
Galileo, G. 1610, Sidereus Nuncius, trans. A. Van Helden 1989, The University of Chicago Press.
Whitaker, E.A. 1978, Journal for the History of Astronomy, 9, 155-169. Bibliography:
Sketches of faint stars
Sketches of faint stars in the Orion constellation, as seen by Galileo through his telescope. The larger stars with a central dots are those visible to the naked eye, with the topmost three corresponding to the so-called beltof Orion. That the universe contained many more stars than previously known gave moral support to the idea that it may also be a lot larger than assumed up to then. This idea had been advanced by Nicolaus Copernicus himself, as a possible explanation for the lack of observed annual parallax in the fixed stars. Reproduced from Galileo's 1610 Sidereus Nuncius.
Galileo, G. 1610, Sidereus Nuncius, trans. A. Van Helden 1989,The University of Chicago Press. Bibliography:
Sketch of Jupiter's moons
Sketches of the four moons of Jupiter, as seen by Galileo through his telescope. What he saw are the four larger moons of Jupiter, now known as Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto. The drawing depicts observations from the time period January 7 to 24, 1610. Galileo had considerable difficulty in recognizing the true meaning of what he was seeing; Callisto often layout side the (restricted) field of view of his telescope, Io often lost in Jupiter's glare, and some moon occasionally disappeared in Jupiter's shadow or behind or in front of the planet itself.
Galileo named the moons Medicean Stars, after the ruling Florentine family Medici. This was a move calculated to improve his chances of moving back to Florence, and it succeeded. The names used today were coined by Simon Mayr (1573-1624), who for a time claimed priority on their discovery.
Debarbat, S., and Wilson, C. 1989, The Galilean satellites of Jupiter from Galileo to Cassini, Roemer and Bradley, in The General History of Astronomy, vol. 2A, eds. R. Taton and C. Wilson, Cambridge University Press, pps. 144-157. Bibliography:
Dialogue
Galileo's Dialogue concerning the two chief world systems, published in Florence in February 1632. This is usually considered as Galileo's masterpiece. Despite ostensible claims to the contrary, the Dialogue represents Galileo's strongest endorsement of the Copernican system over its Ptolemaic counterpart, and makes devastating refutations of many central tenets of Aristotelian Physics. The book still makes for fascinating reading today. Reproduced from S. Drake's 1967 translation.
On July 25 1632 the Roman authorities issued an order forbidding further distribution of the book, and recalling copies already distributed. Following Galileo's trial and condemnation in 1633 the Dialogue was put on the Index of Prohibited Books, where it remained until 1835.
Galileo, G. 1632, Dialogues concerning the two chief world systems, trans. S. Drake, 2nd edition 1967, University of California Press. Bibliography:
Discourses
The Discourses and Mathematical Demonstrations Relating to Two New Sciences (Discorsi e Dimostrazioni Matematiche Intorno a Due Nuove Scienze), published in 1638 was Galileo's final book and a scientific testament covering much of his work in physics over the preceding thirty years.
After his Dialogue Concerning the Two Chief World Systems, the Roman Inquisition had banned the publication of any of Galileo's works, including any he might write in the future. After the failure of his initial attempts to publish Two New Sciences in France, Germany, and Poland, it was published by Lodewijk Elzevir who was working in Leiden, South Holland, where the writ of the Inquisition was of less consequence (see House of Elzevir).
Discourses was written in a style similar to Dialogues, in which three men (Simplicio, Sagredo, and Salviati) discuss and debate the various questions Galileo is seeking to answer. There is a notable change in the men, however; Simplicio, in particular, is no longer quite as simple-minded and stubborn an Aristotelian as his name implies. His arguments are representative of Galileo's own early beliefs, as Sagredo represents his middle period, and Salviati proposes Galileo's newest models.
Galileo, G. 1638, Discourses on two new sciences, trans. S. Drake 1974, The University of Wisconsin Press. Bibliography:
Letters on Sunspots
Title page of Galileo's Letters on Sunspots, published in Rome in 1613. The Letters were written to the wealthy Augsburg Magistrate MarkWesler (1558–1614), a well-known patron of the new sciences, in responses to Christoph Scheiner's own Letters on Sunspots, published through Wesler in 1612. The lynx depicted on the Title page indicates Galileo's membership in the Lincean academy (Accademia dei Lincei, for the "sharp-eyed"), the first scientific academy in Europe. The academy was founded 1603 by Prince Federigo Cesi, and was conspicuous in granting membership to a small number of selected intellectuals operating outside the mainstream academic establishment. In April 1611 Galileo became the sixth member elected to the Academy, and to the end of his life would identify himself as a "Lincean" on the title page of all his books.
In his Letters, and unlike Scheiner, Galileo correctly identifies sunspots as markings on the solar surface, as opposed to small intramercurial planets. By studying the position of sunspots on successive days Galileo also inferred that the Sun rotates, and established its rotation period as close to one lunar month. Galileo and Scheiner were later to quarrel bitterly over priority of discovery of sunspots; in fact the first recorded sunspot observation is on 8 December 1610 by the Englishman Thomas Thomas Harriott (1560–1621), and the first publication by Johann Fabricius (1587–1616), in the fall of 1611.
Galileo, G. 1613, Letters on Sunspots, trans. S. Drake1957, in Ideas and Opinions of Galileo, Doubleday.
Mitchell, W.M. 1916, The history of the discovery of the solar spots, in Popular Astronomy, 24, 22-ff. Bibliography:
Sidereus Nuncius
Title page of Galileo's Sidereus Nuncius, published in Venicein 1610. The book instantly made Galileo a European celebrity, and earned him, in July 1610, the position of chief mathematician and philosopher to the Grand Duke of Tucsany, Cosimo de Medici II, in Florence. Reproduced from the introductory essay in A. van Helden's 1989 translation.
The book described Galileo's groundbreaking telescopic discoveries, including his lunar observations, observations of faint stars invisible to the naked eye, and discovery of Jupiter's four larger Moons. Originally greeted with a good measure of scepticism, Galileo's telescopic discoveries benefited from an enthusiastic endorsement by Johannes Kepler, and shortly thereafter by the Christoph Clavius and other Jesuit astronomers at the Roman College.
Galileo, D. 1601, Sidereus Nuncius, trans. A. van Helden 1989,The University of Chicago Press. Bibliography:
The Trial of Galileo
Galileo in front of the Roman Inquisition, after a 1857 Painting by Cristiano Banti. Galileo was summoned to Rome by the Inquisition on 23 September 1632, following publication of his Dialogue in February of that year. He arrived in Rome on 13 February 1633, and was housed in the Tuscan embassy. He was called to the Holy Office (the Inquisition's headquarters) and first interrogated on 12 April 1633, sent back to the Tuscan embassy on April 30, and called in again and detained on May 10 and June 21. While detained in the Holy Office, Galileo was housed in apartments usually occupied by Inquisition officials, rather than in the usual prison cells.
On 22 June 1633 Galileo was forced to kneel in front of the Inquisition and recant his belief in the Copernican planetary system and the motion of the Earth. He was condemned to life imprisonment, ostensibly for having disobeyed a 1616 injunction by Cardinal Bellarmino "...not to defend or teach the Copernican doctrine...". The very next day the sentence was commuted to perpetual house arrest, which was rigidly upheld to the end of Galileo's life. Galileo's Dialogue was also put on the Index of Prohibited Books, together with the books by Nicolaus Copernicus and Johannes Kepler treating of the heliocentric system, where they all remained until 1835. Only in 1992 did the Roman catholic Church formally admitted to having erred in dealing with Galileo.
The Spanish Gesture: Drawings from Murillo to Goya in the Hamburger Kunsthalle
Meadows Museum
May 25 through August 31, 2014
This summer, the Meadows Museum will present the first large-scale exhibition of drawings from the Kupferstichkabinett at the Hamburger Kunsthalle, one of the most significant collections of Spanish drawings in the world. The Spanish Gesture: Drawings from Murillo to Goya in the Hamburger Kunsthalle will open in Dallas on May 25, 2014, and will feature 86 works created by leading Spanish artists from the 16th to the 19th centuries, including Bartolomé Esteban Murillo, Juan de Valdés Leal, Alonso Cano, and Francisco Goya. It will be the first exhibition outside of Germany to showcase the collection, and will provide an intimate exploration of these masters' draftsmanship and technique, as well as a comprehensive look into the collection's origins and history.
Curated by independent art historian Dr. Jens Hoffmann-Samland, The Spanish Gesture is part of the Meadows' ongoing initiative to further enhance its role as a leading center for research and scholarship on Spanish art, and will be on view in Dallas from May 25 through August 31, 2014. The exhibition will subsequently travel to the Museo Nacional del Prado in Madrid, where it will be on view from October 28, 2014 through February 8, 2015.
In its entirety, the collection comprises 210 drawings of Spanish origin. Most of the drawings entered the Hamburger Kunsthalle collection in 1891, when the institution's first director, Alfred Lichtwark, acquired the works. Lichtwark had viewed the collection while on display in Berlin and, impressed by its dynamism and breadth, immediately secured the necessary funds and purchased the collection from then-owner Bernard Quaritch, a London-based art collector and antiques dealer. Yet the collection soon faded from public memory, only resurfacing sporadically for small in-house exhibitions in 1931, 1966, and 2005.
“The Spanish Gesture will provide a unique opportunity to engage with rare and exquisite drawings that complement the works in the Meadows Museum collection,” said Mark A. Roglán, the Linda P. and William A. Custard Director of the Meadows Museum. “We are excited to partner with the Hamburger Kunsthalle, and to continue to strengthen our long-standing relationship with the Prado, in sharing these artists' creative processes with the public in an intimate and unprecedented way. This exhibition will bring us closer to developing comprehensive scholarship of Spanish drawings worldwide, and will help further the appreciation and understanding of Spanish drawings as a distinctive and expressive artistic genre.”
The core of the works in the collection were produced and assembled in the mid-17th century, in and around the Academia de Murillo, established by Bartolomé Esteban Murillo, Francisco Herrera the Younger, Juan de Valdes Leal, and Cornelis Schut, among others, in Seville. Some highlights of the exhibition include Murillo's Assumption of the Virgin (c. 1665), Herrera the Younger's Nobleman in a Landscape (c. 1660), Valdés Leal's Head of St. John the Baptist (1654-55), and Alonso Cano's Sketch for the Altar of St. Catherine. Additionally, the collection holds the largest group of half-length holy figures (c. 1640-50), purported to represent the twelve apostles, by Francisco Herrera the Elder. The Spanish Gesture will be the first exhibition in which all twelve figures aredisplayed concurrently. Together, these works will illustrate the artistic vision, processes, and influences of these renowned masters, and will provide new insight into the dynamic exchange that pervaded the Spanish creative community in the 17th century.
The Spanish Gesture will also feature a number of drawings by Francisco Goya, and the majority of Goya's drawings after the works of Diego Velázquez, many of which were used for etchings. The works Goya emulated depict a range of subject matter, including full-length portraits of members of the Spanish royal family and their court, and one of Velázquez's most important early works, the Waterseller of Seville. Goya's drawings will encourage viewers to consider the significant impact of Velázquez's work anew, as well as reveal Goya's own artistic influences and processes. The exhibition will also feature drawings related to Goya's most famous etching series, “Los Caprichos” and “La Tauromaquia.”
The exhibition has been organized by the Meadows Museum, SMU, the Hamburger Kunsthalle, and the Museo Nacional del Prado, and is funded by a generous gift from The Meadows Foundation.
The Spanish Gesture comes as the Meadows Museum prepares for its 50th anniversary in 2015. It will be accompanied by an illustrated exhibition catalogue, which will include a catalogue raisonné of the entire collection of 210 drawings, and will be collaboratively published by the Meadows and the aforementioned institutions in English and Spanish.
About the Meadows Museum
The Meadows Museum is the leading institution in the U.S. focused on the study and presentation of the art of Spain. In 1962, Dallas businessman and philanthropist Algur H. Meadows donated his private collection of Spanish paintings, as well as funds to start a museum, to Southern Methodist University. The museum opened to the public in 1965 and today is home to one of the largest and most comprehensive collections of Spanish art outside of Spain. The collection includes medieval objects, Renaissance and Baroque sculptures, and major paintings by Golden Age and modern masters.
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
MANY Japanese were surprised that a hotel chain, under a cloud for shoddy earthquake-proofing standards, should sponsor a competition for the best essay to deny Japan's wartime role as an aggressor and sponsor of atrocities. But then the chain's boss, Toshio Motoya, is a vigorous historical revisionist (and big supporter of Shinzo Abe, prime minister in 2006-07). More astounding, then: the competition winner, Toshio Tamogami, was none other than the head of Japan's air force.
Mr Tamogami's offering is a warmed-through hash of thrice-cooked revisionism. Japan, he writes, fought a war of self-defence, protecting its legal territories of Manchukuo (North-East China) and Korea against communists. Pearl Harbour was an American-laid trap. Japanese occupations were both benevolent and a liberation of Asia from the yoke of Western imperialism—indeed, neighbours (20m of whose deaths were caused by the Japanese) now look fondly on wartime Japan. Japan must “reclaim its glorious history”, Mr Tamogami ended with a barrel-rolling flourish and a want of irony, “for a country that denies its own history is destined to fall.”
The prime minister of six weeks, Taro Aso, from the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), moved swiftly. Within hours of the essay's publication on October 31st, Mr Tamogami, a general, was out of a job. China and South Korea expressed shock at his views, but accepted that they did not reflect the government's. Mr Tamogami did not help his case by complaining that Japan's freedom of expression was on a par with North Korea's. As well as the ¥3m ($30,000) essay prize, he gets a ¥60m retirement bonus from the defence ministry.
End of story? Not quite. For a start, Mr Tamogami, it transpires, took Mr Motoya for a joy-ride in a fighter jet. And since his sacking, it turns out that of the 230-odd aspiring writers of historical fiction, 78 were officers in Japan's air force, most of them close to their general. Of course, it is understandable that some professional warriors might chafe at Japan's American-dictated pacifist constitution; and at a victor's interpretation of history that discredited Japan's proud armed forces. But for so many to write revisionist claptrap in a hotel-sponsored competition is rum indeed. The unfortunate impression is of those radicalised officers' messes of the 1930s, out of which the Japanese army mugged civilian rule: the rest was, well, history.
So the prime minister has some explaining to do, and the opposition Democratic Party of Japan will make all the hay it can. It wants Mr Tamogami to testify before the Diet. It may press the prime minister about his own views. His government, like its predecessors, endorses apologies, first formulated in the mid-1990s, expressing guilt and remorse for wartime suffering. In office (and as foreign minister before that) Mr Aso has also eschewed visiting Yasukuni, where war criminals as well as Japan's 2.5m war dead are enshrined.
Yet in the past Mr Aso, in a shoot-from-the-hip way, has echoed many of Mr Tamogami's right-wing views. He has, for instance, praised Japan's occupation of Korea from 1910-45, even though his family fortune derives from a mining company that used Korean slave labour during the second world war. As prime minister Mr Aso has been on good behaviour. Yet the day after Mr Tamogami's sacking, he casually picked up a volume of views similar to the general's from a Tokyo bookstore.
Mr Aso is certainly doing his bit to improve tricky relations with neighbours, China and South Korea in particular. Unlike many revisionists, he embraces the post-war order, wants an internationalist role for Japan, and does not see bogeymen behind every tree. Yet now he has the challenge of reassuring Japan's neighbours over the Tamogami affair without undermining his own conservative base.
The public reaction to the affair reinforces how beleaguered these days are Japan's history-deniers, says Jeffrey Kingston, a historian of Asia at Temple University in Tokyo. Even Yasukuni has toned down the exhibits in its notorious museum, where until recently militarism was celebrated and all atrocities denied. The most notable denial was of the Nanjing massacre of tens (or possibly hundreds) of thousands of Chinese in December 1937. Now the museum admits that killings took place, but suggests they were of enemy soldiers disguised as civilians. This is the problem with the historical fantasists. Even as they moderate their public message, they leave you waiting for the “but”.
Report on HMP Garth comes as European watchdog says none of British jails it visited could be considered safe for inmates or staff
More than 80 prisoners in fear of their safety have sought sanctuary in a special unit in a Lancashire jail inspectors say is the most violent they have visited in recent times.
Their report into Garth prison, near Leyland, said the levels of violence at the “very unsafe” prison were linked to a major drug problem with £40,000 worth of drugs recently uncovered and 350 litres (616 pints) of “hooch” found over the Christmas period.
The document comes as a European human rights watchdog, the Council of Europe's committee for the prevention of torture, reported that none of the prisons it visited in Britain last spring could be considered safe for prisoners or staff.
The committee also said it believed that “alarmingly high” official figures on violence inside British jails actually understate the true severity of the situation.
The deepening crisis inside prisons is accompanied by fresh evidence that the privatisation of the probation service continues to produce “troubling” consequences. The chief inspector of probation reveals that probation supervision for a quarter of low-risk offenders in Gwent now amounts to a phone call every six weeks.
It is expected that further progress on the prisons and courts bill – unveiled by the justice secretary, Elizabeth Truss, last month as the biggest overhaul of prisons for a generation – will be delayed until after the 8 June general election.
Peter Clarke, the chief inspector of prisons, says in his report on Garth prison that the Lancashire jail, which holds 800 male inmates mainly convicted of serious violent or sexual offences, had gone into a steep decline in the last three years.
Inspectors found during their inspection in February that levels of violence had increased substantially, with many incidents linked to drugs, gangs and debt. Two-thirds of prisoners told inspectors they felt unsafe.
About 85 prisoners were – in addition to sex offenders – held separately because of fears for their safety. A number of prisoners were refusing to leave their cells because of the tense, and occasionally menacing, atmosphere on the wings.
“The prison was one of the most unsafe we have been to in recent times. Violence and drugs dominated the prisoner experience. A new governor and deputy governor were appointed immediately,” said Clarke.
Michael Spurr, the head of National Offender Management Service, responsible for prisons and probation in England and Wales, said the deterioration in safety at Garth was a serious concern and reversing it was a top priority. He said the new senior management team at the prison would be supported by additional staffing and resources and an improvement plan.
But the situation at Garth is not exceptional, according to the report by the delegation from the European committee for the prevention of torture.
They said that unless determined action was taken to significantly reduce the prison population in England and Wales, the improved regimes envisaged by the government's roverhaul agenda would remain unattainable. They expressed “deep concerns” about the amount of “severe generalised violence” evident at each of the prisons they visited and said budget cuts had reduced the number of frontline staff by 30%, compromising operational safety because of low staffing levels on wings.
The Paris Inspiration
Artists flocked from all reaches of the globe racing to be a part of Paris' artistic movements in the early 20th century – but at the same time creative minds from France made their mark on Philadelphia with the realization of our grand boulevard, the Benjamin Franklin Parkway.
Conceived as early as 1871 and substantially completed by 1929, the Benjamin Franklin Parkway stands as a major triumph in urban planning with unmistakable French influence. Among its notable designers were the French architect Paul Philippe Cret and the French landscape architect and planner, Jacques Gréber, who modeled the Parkway in the early 20th century after the Champs-Élysées in Paris. Like the Parisian boulevard, the Parkway is broad, lush with greenery, and brimming with grand buildings, fountains, and monuments. Its dramatic end point at the Philadelphia Museum of Art is notably reminiscent of the Champs–Élysées terminus at the Arc de Triomphe.
Well aware of the Parkway's resemblance to Paris, Gréber declared, “I am glad to say that, if by this work the city of Paris may be enabled to bring its sister in America the inspiration of what makes Paris so attractive to visitors, it will be the first opportunity of Paris to pay a little of the great debt of thankfulness for what Philadelphia and its citizens have done for France during the last three years.” (Quoted in Department of the Art Jury, Eighth Annual Report (1918), p. 8.)
A Civic Movement of International Proportion
Prompted by the “City Beautiful” movement of the late 19th century, prominent Philadelphians at the time began lobbying for a broad boulevard that would run diagonally from the heart of the Center City to its natural surroundings at Fairmount Park. Such a boulevard would ease congestion, beautify the city, and provide some needed relief for William Penn's 17th century grid-street layout. The first serious proposal emerged in 1891, yet the realization of the Parkway faced years of political, social and economic obstacles that prolonged its development. Since the Parkway was not included in William Penn's original city plan, many residences and businesses would need to be cleared for its path, which stirred much public and legal outcry.
Though preliminary proposals for the Parkway had been produced and even added to the City Plan in 1906, it was not until the Fairmount Park Art Association (now the Association for Public Art) commissioned a comprehensive plan for the “Fairmount Parkway” in 1907 that the project would finally launch. (Its name was officially changed to the Benjamin Franklin Parkway in 1937.) The Art Association gathered a team of architectural experts – Horace Trumbauer, Clarence Zantzinger and his partners, and Paul Cret – who created a detailed parkway design that was added to the City Plan in 1909. Ground officially broke on the project in 1907, with the demolition of approximately 1300 properties that the city had acquired for the project. Construction on the Parkway did not begin until ten years later in 1917, when French landscape architect Jacques Gréber submitted a revised plan to the Commissioners of Fairmount Park.
Cret and Gréber
Having both been trained at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris, Paul Cret and Jacques Gréber were strong proponents of the Beaux-Arts style, and like much of American architecture from the late 19th and early 20th centuries, their work greatly reflects the French architectural approach. Cret was a French born architect who introduced the Beaux-Arts method of instruction at the architecture school of the University of Pennsylvania, where he headed the Department of Architecture for over 30 years. He went on to design the Benjamin Franklin Bridge and the Ellen Phillips Samuel Memorial along Kelly Drive. Gréber was a famous French landscape architect and city planner, perhaps best known for being chief architect and planner for the World Exposition of 1937 in Paris.
A number of well-known architects contributed to the development of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway, but it was largely planned and brought to completion by Paul Cret and Jacques Gréber. Though Cret was involved in developing the initial 1907 proposal commissioned by the Art Association, Gréber was engaged in 1917 by the Fairmount Park Commission to create a more formal Parkway plan – one that would improve upon the Cret-Zantzinger-Traumbauer version. The decision was of course met with resentment from Cret, who saw Gréber as taking credit for a project that he largely considered his own.
Gréber's Parkway design was largely based on Cret's proposal, but departed from it in several key ways. In Gréber's plan, two linear segments of the Parkway were added with Logan Square designated at the center point: The wider segment runs from the Philadelphia Museum of Art to Logan Square, and the narrower from Logan Square to City Hall. Logan Square was an open square at the time, but Gréber envisioned it as Logan “Circle” – a large traffic circle that would emulate the Place de la Concorde in Paris. Gréber also proposed two buildings near Logan Square in his plan – the Free Library and Municipal Court – suggesting the Hôtel de Crillon and the Hôtel de la Marine of the Place de la Concorde in Paris. He also advocated creating a proper terminus by relocating the Washington Monument to a site below the Philadelphia Museum of Art. In Gréber's design, the Parkway became less an urban boulevard and more like a “wedge of park.”
The Parkway is a Tour de Force!
In 1919, Gréber's plan was approved by a city-appointed Art Jury – the forerunner of The Art Commission. Gréber's office in Paris had produced elaborate sketches and watercolor renderings of his Parkway designs, and in 1919, the Fairmount Park Art Association (now the Association for Public Art) published a pictorial documentation of the Parkway that included his drawings. Art Association President Charles J. Cohen affirmed, “…the Trustees take pleasure in presenting this pictorial record of its growth and development…designed to furnish, a direct, dignified and interesting approach from the heart of the business and administrative quarter of the city, through the region of educational activities grouped around Logan Square, to the artistic center to be developed around the Fairmount Plaza, at the entrance to Philadelphia's largest and most beautiful park.”
Cret and Gréber collaborated on the design of The Rodin Museum. Commissioned in 1926 by movie magnate and philanthropist Jules E. Mastbaum, it was completed in 1929 and contains the largest collection of works by French sculptor August Rodin outside of Paris. Rodin's Thinker sits in front of the entrance to the museum, a gate modeled after the 18th-century façade at Château D'Issy, which the artist had installed at his property at Meudon, France, where he is buried.
Over the following years, Cret and Gréber's vision of a Philadelphia Champs-Élysées would begin to take shape. A number of cultural and civic buildings were erected along the Parkway, including the Franklin Institute, The Rodin Museum, the Free Library and the Philadelphia Museum of Art. The Philadelphia Museum of Art – a major feature of the Parkway proposals – was completed in 1928 by the Fairmount Park Commission appointed architects Borie, Trumbauer, and Zantzinger. As Gréber had envisioned, a fountain, Swann Memorial Fountain, was installed at Logan Square in 1924, and the Washington Monument was relocated in 1928 to front of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
As strong supporters of the “City Beautiful” movement, the Fairmount Park Art Association (now the Association for Public Art) has continued to advocate for good civic design and the commissioning and placement of outdoor sculpture along the Parkway, including The Shakespeare Memorial (1926) in front of the Free Library at Logan Square, the acquisition and installation of The Lion Fighter and The Amazon at the base of the steps leading to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, and more recently the placement of Mark di Suvero's Iroquois and Roxy Paine's Symbiosis near 25th and the Parkway. Continuing the French theme, Joan of Arc by French artist Emmanuel Frémiet was gilded and relocated to the Parkway at 25th Street in 1960. Frémiet was invited to create the sculpture because he had completed a similar work for the Place des Pyramides in Paris.
Over the past few years the Association for Public Art has worked with the Center City District to light and sign the sculptures along the Parkway, and in 2010 launched the Museum Without Walls™: AUDIO program to further interpret the public artworks located there. To access information about the sculptures along the Parkway, Museum Without Walls™: AUDIO is available for free via cell phone, mobile app, and streaming audio on the web.
The Benjamin Franklin Parkway continues to develop and evolve, including recent landscape and streetscape improvements by the City and Center City District. The French connection was further strengthened with the relocation of the Barnes Foundation collection in 2012, with its renowned collection of French impressionist and post impressionist artwork.
Parkway 100
The Association for Public Art (aPA) recently celebrated the 100th anniversary of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway (1918-2018) with this commemorative Museum Without Walls™: AUDIO program, Parkway at 100: Dreams into Reality, featuring aPA Executive Director Penny Balkin Bach and historian David Brownlee:
Segment Producer: Alex Lewis
DOUGLAS, Arizona (CNN) -- It's a tale of homeland security concerns blocking wildlife management, and the hue and cry that ensues.
This photo, taken by Warner Glenn in 1996, is believed to be the first of a live jaguar in the United States. more photos »
When most people think of jaguars, they think of the jungles of Central and South America, not the remote desert ranges between the United States and Mexico.
That region is known as mountain lion country, and that's what rancher Warner Glenn thought he was tracking when he saddled up his mules on a summer day 12 years ago near Douglas, Arizona.
Glenn has hunted mountain lions for 60 years, since he was eight years old. But Glenn was stunned when he saw what his hunting dogs had chased up to a high mountain perch.
The rancher took what's believed to be the first photo of a live jaguar in the United States. But it wasn't his last. In 2006, some 40 miles away, Glenn and his hunting party again cornered a jaguar -- a different one.
Jaguars, an endangered species, have a breeding population in northern Mexico. Scientists believe there are no more than 120 left in the wild there.
It's believed that since 1910, the cats are only visitors north of the border. They have been virtually unstudied here until recently.
But Glenn and other conservationists worry that the possible return of breeding jaguars to the United States could be stopped in its tracks. The reason: the border fence.
Last month the Department of Homeland Security waived 30 environmental laws to finish 470 miles of the fence by the end of the year.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff told Congress that the agency continues to talk to some 600 landowners along the border to get their input. But in order to comply with the congressional mandate, he said, there is no time to deal with "unnecessary delays caused by administrative processes or potential litigation."
"We are currently in a lawless situation at the border," says Chertoff. "I feel an urgency to get this tactical infrastructure in. And although we're going to be respectful of the environment, we're going to be expeditious."
Two environmental groups, Defenders of Wildlife and the Sierra Club, have filed appeals with the U.S. Supreme Court, claiming the waivers are unconstitutional and set a dangerous precedent.
"National security and environmental protection do not have to be at odds with each other," says Defenders of Wildlife spokesman Matt Clark. "If we can drop this arbitrary deadline for constructing the fence and go through the proper procedures, then there are inevitably ways to minimize environmental impact, but as it is now it's throwing all of those laws out the window."
Mountain lion tracker Jack Childs also worries about the impact of the fence on local wildlife, especially the jaguar.
Childs captured the first video of a live jaguar in the late summer of 1996, a few months after Warner Glenn. Watch Childs and Glenn talk about efforts to preserve the jaguar »
"I knew historically there had been a few jaguars sighted in Arizona but in the last hundred years never in any numbers."
His encounter sparked a passion for the big cats. Along with wife Anna and biologist Emil McCain, he created the Borderlands Jaguar Detection Project. See images of the controversy »
Childs and McCain hike into remote mountain areas where the jaguars roam and have placed more than 50 motion sensor cameras near the border. They've taken 69 photos of three different jaguars since 2001, including several of the same cat Childs first saw in 1996.
He has nicknamed that cat Macho B.
A jaguar's spots are like fingerprints -- each cat has a unique set. One of the spots on Macho B resembles a Pinocchio cartoon figure, and that's how they identify him.
"We spend a lot of time walking along the border during the daytime, and we actually find his tracks going through the fence, so we know for sure that he crosses back and forth," says Childs.
"A fence like that is going to inhibit wildlife movements and migrations back and forth. It's not going to effectively stop human traffic. They've got wire cutters and torches." See where the jaguars have been spotted »
Childs says the fence also has an impact on wildlife because drug runners and human traffickers have been pushed up into the mountain areas to avoid the fence in the lowland valleys.
"It's impacting the animals number one, what's going on down there. It's almost brought my wildlife study to a stop because they (the traffickers) are tearing down my cameras as fast as I'm putting them up because they think we're taking pictures of them."
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service finds itself in a unique position. Its mission is wildlife and habitat protection, but it must uphold another federal agency's mission to override environmental concerns. Bill Radke, manager of the San Bernardino Wildlife Refuge, says the Border Patrol is trying to work with his agency.
"The hope is that by working with Border Patrol that we can meet the national security mandate and at the same time protect the wildlife," says Radke. "Border Patrol is putting up camera towers but are putting them up on areas that are off the refuge. They're working on barriers but not barriers that would impede wildlife and large animals like jaguars."
At 6 foot 6, with steely blue eyes, dressed in leather chaps astride his mule, rancher Warner Glenn is every inch the American cowboy. And he is a man forever changed by his encounters with the jaguar. He has written a book, "Eyes of Fire," about his experience. He says he'd like to "invite Mr. Bush to come out on a mule" so he can see "what's going on here in these mountains."
For Glenn, the cat represents all that is wild about the Southwest.
"It would be a loss to me that maybe my granddaughter or my daughter wouldn't be able to see one like I have. It's just an animal that's a beautiful, magnificent cat and they're having a little bit of trouble surviving. But they're doing it, and I would hate to see us do anything that would cause the survival of that cat to go backwards.
"I'm a livestock rancher, but I wouldn't mind donating a few calves to that jaguar, so to speak."
Biologist Emil McCain agrees.
"They are part of our natural heritage. They are part of the American West. They are part of the American wild as much as the bald eagle or the grizzly bear, and the jaguar is really special because it is such an elusive and beautiful creature [that] it evokes a sense of imagination and curiosity about the natural world."
Though the jaguar is elusive, conservationists say the animal is caught -- in the political crossfire at the border. E-mail to a friend
All About Border Control and Customs
It has been a while since the US State Department, with the help of the UK-funded and US-supported Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, floated doctored YouTube clips of hundreds of Syrians dead as a result of Assad's chemical attacks. In fact, it has been almost exactly two years since the last time the US nearly launched an all out proxy war in Syria, one involving an axis of western powers and Qatar (whose natural gas this whole charade is all about) against another axis of Russia and China who were supportive of the Syrian government. Luckily, a last minute snafu by John Kerry allowed a de-escalation, which in turn resulted in the appearance of ISIS, whose entire purpose has been, as leaked Pentagon memos have revealed, to topple Assad.
And with collective memories short, and with the "diplomatic" playbook of the US State Department even shorter, the time has come to once again rekindle this particular fabulation.
Overnight the WSJ reported, in what may have been a far more pressing update than anything to do with Greece who ultimate fate has been known since 2010, that "U.S. intelligence agencies believe there is a strong possibility the Assad regime will use chemical weapons on a large scale as part of a last-ditch effort to protect key Syrian government strongholds if Islamist fighters and other rebels try to overrun them, U.S. officials said."
Note: no facts this time, not even planted ones - just beliefs.
The WSJ adds that "analysts and policymakers have been poring over all available intelligence hoping to determine what types of chemical weapons the regime might be able to deploy and what event or events might trigger their use, according to officials briefed on the matter."
But didn't the US supervise Assad's disposition of his chemical weapon stockpile two years ago as part of the military de-escalation? Nevermind, one needs a narrative and when creating fictions, facts are secondary.
Last year, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad let international inspectors oversee the removal of what President Barack Obama called the regime's most deadly chemical weapons. The deal averted U.S. airstrikes that would have come in retaliation for an Aug. 21, 2013, sarin-gas attack that killed more than 1,400 people.
Since then, the U.S. officials said, the Assad regime has developed and deployed a new type of chemical bomb filled with chlorine, which Mr. Assad could now decide to use on a larger scale in key areas. U.S. officials also suspect the regime may have squirreled away at least a small reserve of the chemical precursors needed to make nerve agents sarin or VX. Use of those chemicals would raise greater international concerns because they are more deadly than chlorine and were supposed to have been eliminated.
The punchline: "the intelligence is “being taken very seriously because he's getting desperate” and because of doubts within the U.S. intelligence community that Mr. Assad gave up all of his deadliest chemical weapons, a senior U.S. official said."
It would appear that the only thing desperate thing here is the ongoing attempt to regurgitate a plot which makes no sense. Then again, as we reported earlier this month in "The Noose Around Syria's Assad Tightens", the advent of ISIS has added a new wrinkle to the Assad "war", where as a result of a brutal, US-funded mercenary force which has taken over half of Syria's territory, Assad's days may indeed be numbered.
Which would provide for a useful return of the chemical weapons narrative: the "desperate dictator" is now a loose cannon, and all it takes is another false flag chemical attack to rerun the staged events of 2013, this time hopefully achieve the outcome the US is hoping for - planting a US-friendly regime, and one which would be agreeable to a Qatar pipeline crossing the land.
And then there are all the "positive" Keynesian externalities: after all there is nothing quite like a "limited" war to boost a nation's GDP. In this case, the nation being the US of course, by way of its military-industrial complex, which is to US military spending as the US banking criminal syndicate is to the Fed's monetary policy.
The only question is whether this would be a limited war, and as Syria just revealed it won't be, because yet again Russia has made it very clear that any US military intervention in Syria, no matter how depleted the Syrian army is due to fighting ISIS on the ground every day, will be met with a proportional Russian response.
As Reuters reported, Syria's foreign minister said on a visit to Moscow on Monday that top ally Russia had promised to send political, economic and military aid to his country.
"I got a promise of aid to Syria - politically, economically and militarily," Walid al-Moualem said at a televised news conference in Moscow after meeting Russian President Vladimir Putin.
And so the US gambit for a quick and painless annexation of the only country that stands in the way of European energy independence from Gazprom has failed and if John Kerry's diplomatic apparatus wants to continue its crusade against Assad, it will have to do so against Russian and, shortly thereafter, China which has also made it quite clear any US aggression in the middle east will be met with an appropriate response.
Keep a close eye as this story unfolds because as the Greek (and perhaps Puerto Rican) debt crisis hits a crescendo, the world's largest military force will be sure to not let it "go to waste."
Edit: No more questions asking why something was done Z way, or whether X or Y will be included, will be answered. This will cut down our questions by 75% and also allow us to actually work on the design.
Tired of your 50 millionth zombie survival horror? Tired of Final Fantasy doing another steampunk-y high fantasy game with the same character and story model? Want something so completely off the beaten track that we are appealing directly to its fanbase to help it live?
You're in the right place.
Follow the story of a deity bored with life amongst the gods, who leaves to find a purpose in life and seek out a lost love. Reincarnate your deity onto numerous worlds, live through the lives of others and gain life experience…but watch your God Energy, you need a lot of it to continue your astral journey.
Fight monsters only you can see, sometimes around very particular civilians who refuse to get the heck out of your way. Collect world-specific plants to enhance your healing items, and acquire numerous different kinds of weapons and scrolls from all different cultures.
The game draws inspiration from real mythos, from all sorts of different cultures, and each world reflects the culture it draws from.
What is Arkh?
Arkh is a grassroots project created not by a major company, or even an indie company, but by individual people who would like to see more representation for the underrepresented.
The ultimate goal? To make a game that focuses on queer people and people of color as main characters, and beyond that, allow people who are tired of mainstream gaming to have something completely off the wall and step into a new role.
The secondary goal is to have the game made by queer artists and programmers, and PoC artists and programmers, supporting them in their craft amongst an industry that discourages them from applying. All money donated to the project will go to development; the coordinators and volunteers are not paid and are giving their free time to make this happen.
Arkh right now is in the design phase; that is, the actual run of the game is being created and made into an official game design document for programming purposes, as well as an easy to view wiki for fans to follow. The wiki is not up yet, but it will be linked as we get further into the design. Because Arkh plans to include numerous different, not-well-known cultures, we must spend a lot of time researching and talking to people from these cultures to ensure and authentic design and gaming experience.
Arkh will be a linear, full-action RPG, with current plans to program it on Unity, and, depending on what our programmers say when we release the design document to them, on Xbox Live Arcade, making it playable on your computer or a console. The PC version will definitely run on Windows and Mac. Linux is still unfortunately up for debate.
For more specifics on gameplay, check question number 10 in the FAQ below!
Will Arkh be a good game, though? If it was, there's no reason to cater to certain groups.
We believe that to be incorrect. We're trying, in addition to making games for new groups of people, to rejuvenate the industry and bring in new money and new blood into gaming. The industry has long been saturated and there have been no attempts to break from the mold. Major companies have their risks to think of, but it just isn't good sense to leave most of the world out of gaming. By letting the people we're aiming at know we're here for them, we hope to drag in groups that might have never, ever picked up a game prior to this, and we've already succeeded.
As for whether it will be a good game, read this post on it.
Why do you need so much money?
Because our goal is quality, and quality is expensive. An industry programmer who has worked for Zynga told us that the average cost of an AAA level game, just on game mechanics and not including press or advertising, runs between 500,000 and 1 million dollars. Unless Oprah decides to lend a hand, we're not sure that's possible for us to raise.
But we have seen amounts of 250,000 raised. We've seen 100,000 raised.
100,000 is our initial base goal. Some professional quality modelers have agreed to provide us with discounts because they love what we're trying to do, allowing us to get higher quality for less than market price. This number is based on that.
But along the course of a game, especially as far as programming and the amount of hours artists can give us while they work their own industry jobs, time may be dragged out longer than expected, which will cost more. The 250,000 price point is again, while low, is based on an estimate of services closer to actual industry prices.
Why so much? Because art and programming takes time, and industry professionals/people with degrees in their field charge more than amateurs who work for fun. We do have volunteers, but volunteers may only work in their spare time. You are paying for industry expertise. You are not paying the coordinators or writers.
Who is actually coordinating? Who are the development team?
Right now, we have seven or eight “core” people, more information for which will be released over the next week. We also have four or five volunteers helping us speed up the process of finishing the design. Once we're able to talk to more people, we will be able to get a finalized list of all the hired professionals, and their credentials, who will work on this project, and that will go on the wiki. Please be patient with us, again, we're volunteering our time in between other obligations.
Rosegold is not coordinating this project. They are assisting and we are giving them credit for that. Please do not badger them if you have any issues here; they cannot help you.
Finally we can post an official FAQ now that we have frequently asked questions! First, please check the FAQ tag. ONLY ask your question if you cannot find it below or in the tag.
1) Will there be other marginalizations in Arkh besides queer people and PoC?
A: We do have some metaphors and references to other marginalizations, but by large, the focus will be on queer people and PoC for the main characters. However, the supporting characters will vary as each level as designed, and will include just about everything we can think of.
2) What is PoC?
A: People of color.
3) What platforms will Arkh be on?
A: Currently we're planning for it to be on Mac and Windows, however, we are talking to someone who would like to port it to XNA for us, making it playable on the Xbox 360 live arcade.
4) Where are the white people?
A: :|
5) How can I help support Arkh?
A: Arkh needs a lot of monetary and professional support to succeed. You can help by donating directly, clicking ads every so often to send ad revenue, or doing a fundraiser in your hometown. And of course, just tweeting about it or facebooking it or reblogging it is a huge help. Any professional connections or major youtube connections are also awesome.
6) I want to do some kind of interview/article/promotion thing!
A: Send an ask along!
7) I want to volunteer my time and abilities to the development of this project.
A: If you do have professional-level ability and want to donate your time, please do contact us through ask or fanmail! We'll have an email up soon, once Rosegold figures out what's wrong with it.
8) Who is Rosegold?
A: A tiny art group run by queer PoC who work on 2-D games both of their own and for others. They're lending a huge hand to this project. Check their work out here! They are not coordinating this project. Please do not badger them or ask us about their work.
9) I would like you to include ________in Arkh.
A: We'll try to include as much as we can, but there are limits, unfortunately, and everything just can't make it into one game, especially not one with grassroots type funding.
10) What about gameplay?
A: You can get all the information public so far on the gameplay tag. More detailed, finalized information will be available on the wiki-in-progress.
11) I want to know more about the characters!
A: Try checking the characters tag!
12) Do you encourage fanart?
A: We sure do!
13) I reblogged something of yours with a response and you never responded back.
A: We cannot respond to reblogs or asks reliably because of tumblr's issues with making them magically vanish. If you want to guarantee we see something you write, please send an email to thearkhproject at gmail dot com.
14) I see a problem with the way ________ is done.
A: If there is something disrespectful, PLEASE LET US KNOW WITH AN EMAIL. The team has a variety of different people and each person sort of has to represent their entire marginalization as one person. We use each other's ideas and experiences, and different people find different things respectful and disrespectful.
15) I think _______ should be a main character.
A: The main characters, or more clearly, the characters who appear regardless of level, are pretty much complete at this point. However, each level will have major supporting characters who will be a major variety of people. We're not pulling away from our focus, but hopefully there will be something for everyone.
Please continue to check this link for updates!
The last time I clearly remember saying a non-VR game was “worth the price,” it was 2013. The game was The Swapper, and I remember because game developer Jon Blow went on a Twitter rant about the turn of phrase soon after, which may or may not have been directed at me. Regardless, I figured he was right: people were more than capable of reading my work and calibrating it to their own spending habits. If film and TV critics didn't have to judge a work's aesthetic value against its dollar value, I shouldn't either.
Three years later, though, I find myself checking prices just about every time I recommend a virtual reality experience. This is decent VR, I ask myself, but is it really ten dollar VR? $20? $40? This evaluation feels uncomfortable, as though I'm treating artistic critique like buying a toaster. But I don't think, in this case, that the problem is me. It's something everyone who works with virtual reality is grappling with: nobody has any idea what VR should cost, and it's getting more confusing by the day.
There's no such thing as the standard $60 game in VR
Players and publishers have very strict ideas about what constitutes a fair price for most games, but virtual reality experiences are all over the place. Google's new Daydream titles range from $5 to $20, a price that's almost unheard-of for a mobile game. On desktop, $30 might get you a perfectly polished app or a rough Early Access game. A shooting gallery might cost $10 or $40. Things are so fluid that when $50 brawler Feral Rites got lukewarm reviews, developer Insomniac slashed the price nearly in half within a week.
There's no such thing as the “standard” $60 AAA game in VR. That's partly because even AAA studios that work in VR, like Ubisoft, are assigning small teams to limited projects. And it's partly because all the normal standards we use to judge how much a game is worth make no sense. If games with “good graphics” can charge more, should we say all VR is expensive because it's visually immersive, or cheap because the art is often simpler? If nobody wants to spend more than a half-hour at a time in a headset, should we still expect games to last for eight hours or more? If an experience blurs the line between film and game, should we sell it as the former or the latter?
Things get even more complicated when you start looking at mobile VR. Platforms like Daydream and Oculus Home discourage microtransactions, and developers have pushed their prices to the very upper end of the mobile game bracket, closer to indie PC titles. This makes some sense, since they're very different experiences, but the impression is still that you're buying a $20 smartphone app.
VR games can't simultaneously be expensive and mostly mediocre
In some ways, it's a great thing that VR prices aren't locked at $3 or $60 or relying on the free-to-play model. VR is giving artists a chance to reset people's expectations about how much their work is worth. The problem, right now, is that developers “figuring it out” can lead to players spending a lot of money on mediocre, unfinished work. Most existing VR is either generic, very short, a work in progress, or outright tortuous. It's not just that lots of bad and middling games exist, it's that there aren't enough really good ones yet to make them ignorable — at a time when we're rarely short on fantastic non-VR games, and it's easier to get a sense of their quality through videos or the creator's past work. Even with all the progress made this year, the overall bar for quality for VR is set at “not literally painful.”
Of course, it's complicated for developers who can't rely on selling games for cheap in economies of scale, since they're working in a tiny market. But if you're a reviewer, it feels almost irresponsible telling people to spend an unusually large amount of money on things only worth playing because there's nothing better out there. If you're on Steam, would you rather get yet another VR arcade shooter, or a competently designed, critically lauded non-VR indie title?
One of the ways forward, as developer Robert Yang pointed out in a piece earlier this week, is to step outside the format of game sales altogether. Yang proposed the concept of game bundle-like “mixtapes” for short virtual reality projects. The bundle/mixtape model could start giving developers breathing room to build the kind of experiments that VR needs, if we're going to figure out what works in it — without having to pitch it as the start of a “real” game. It's not a way to get rich off VR, but it can help people support themselves while producing short, high-concept projects.
In a more traditionally commercial vein, subscription services could reasonably support some VR experiences, especially more film-like ones. So could be public arcades, like the ones HTC is promoting in China. So could add-ons to big games like Battlefront or Call of Duty. Just give me anything that makes the subconscious sticker shock a little less sharp — at least until VR is mature enough to overcome it.
The Twitterverse was alive with the sound of infinite teens screaming last night, as is the case every Tuesday when Pretty Little Liars makes its rounds. Would Ezra's tiny body make it through getting shot in the gut? Did he really know who A was this time, or was it the usual, and if so, would he be able to tell the Liars in time? What is Melissa Hastings on about now? What would the ladies do, if their problems just suddenly went away? And how long will it take for CeCe Drake to escape lockup? All of these questions were answered, mostly in hilarious ways.
While A hitch a ride to the hospital with Ezra, the better to creep around in a hoodie and mask and hopefully murder him, the girls hatch a plan. I don't really understand what the plan was, but there was definitely a plan. First they sent Aria to the hospital because she was clearly going to be of no help, then they sent Alison wandering around the darkened streets of New York City to get murdered by the person who is always trying to murder her. Then they got whammied by that person, who is always ten steps ahead of them.
Then they hid in a Broadway theatre owned by Ezra's family, taking phone calls with abandon so everybody would know where they were so they could come murder them. Shana, former Halloween Store employee and current devotee of blowed-up blind girl Jenna's sexy charms, has gone around the bend and decided to take all these bitches out for good. Luckily, Aria discovers her gift for violence, and makes short work of the young lady. It's a well-known fact that it's bad form to be a man in Rosewood, due to being automatically a pervert, but I gotta say: Not so great for the POC's, either. Maybe that's just Pennsylvania for ya.
Now, under the absolutely ludicrous belief that they are safe, they're heading back home. I was going to say that Ali should get her GED because it will probably take less time than making up for the thirty years of high school she missed, but then I remembered none of these chicks is going to graduate anyway, so maybe they can start their own home school. Like the X-Men, but for girls who do not always proceed with their own best interests in mind.
Lots more below, but also: Melissa and Peter Hastings are still keeping their secret about the girl who is in Ali's grave; Noel Khan helps Alison bequeath the Vivian Darkbloom identity to CeCe Drake so she can go be nuts in Paris; and Melissa and Paige are both joining Lucas in Mona Vanderwaal's Army. Nobody's happy about Alison's return, there are at least thirty A's in various coalitions, and it's only a matter of time before the Liars realize they have solved a negative number of their total problems.
[All images via ABC Family]
Morning After is a new home for television discussion online, brought to you by Gawker. Follow @GawkerMA and read more about it here.
From Walter White To LBJ, Bryan Cranston Is A Master Of Transformation
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ursula Coyote/AMC Ursula Coyote/AMC
In the 2008 pilot of AMC's Breaking Bad, high school teacher Walter White fails to interest his chemistry students in the study of change. But over the course of the series, Walt himself came to exemplify radical change, using his knowledge of chemistry to become a master meth cook, and transforming himself into a notorious outlaw who was willing to kill, when necessary, to keep his operation running.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evgenia Eliseeva/ JRA Broadway Evgenia Eliseeva/ JRA Broadway
Acting is also about change and transformation, and Bryan Cranston is a master. While Breaking Bad fans were watching him portray Walter White in the final episodes of the series, Cranston was already undergoing another transformation — playing President Lyndon B. Johnson in the play All the Way, which opened in Boston last fall and on Broadway earlier this month.
Cranston tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross about the end of Breaking Bad and why his appearance is an acting asset.
Interview Highlights
On Breaking Bad ending
It's bittersweet because it was an extraordinary time in my life. It changed my life, and I'll forever be grateful for that. I'm also happy that it ended when it did because the effect that that had been so wonderful that everybody comes up to me and says, "I wish there were more. I want more, I want more." And that's always a much better position to be in than having people say, "I want less, I want less of you! Is that show still on the air?"
On how his unremarkable appearance is an acting asset
I have a very fortunate look for an actor. You can't really categorize me. My looks aren't striking, so therefore I'm more capable of sliding into looking like other people, more chameleon-like, as opposed to, let's say, Jon Hamm, who is this handsome, striking, black-haired, chiseled-looking guy. That's great for Jon, and he's a friend and I love him, but I don't know that you would buy him as Walter White. He would have to fight against his looks in order to do that. So there's a larger range of roles that are available to me than are available to Jon Hamm, simply because of physicality. And I love that.
On adopting silent Mondays while performing in All the Way
I thought my biggest challenge was going to [be to] keep my vocal strength. I talked with a beautiful, talented artist named Audra McDonald, and she was doing Porgy and Bess and was starting to feel the strain on her vocal cords. And her ear, nose and throat doctor said: I recommend strongly ... you to shut down on your one day off; don't talk at all. And so she incorporated Mondays as her silent day. And I thought, as a pre-emptive strike, I'm going to do the same. So I don't talk on Mondays. I have little notepads and a whiteboard that I write notes on, and I write it out and say, "What is the soup?" you know, and things like that. ... I have one little notepad that I have that at the top of it, it says, "Doctor's orders vocal rest no talking," and I show it to people, and immediately they start whispering back to me, which is very interesting.
On his early stand-up comedy career
I did it for about nine months in 1981, I believe it was. I did it solely for the purpose of overcoming fear, because I looked at that and I said to myself, "Oh, my God, that's got to be the scariest thing to do." There's a microphone and a light on you, and that's it. It's all you, and so I wanted to do that. I got into the idea of going from club to club. I was never paid for it, nor should I have been, because I never rose above the level of mediocrity. But it was a great, great experience, very humbling. My respect and admiration for those who do it for a living, like Jerry [Seinfeld], was just enormous.
Mountain Bike of the Year Nominees
Choosing the bike of the year is always a tricky proposition, a guaranteed source of controversy and contention no matter what make and model emerges as the winner. We published nearly 40 long-term bike reviews in 2017 – that's a lot of new bikes to pick from, a selection that includes everything from shorter-travel, trail machines all the way to downhill race bikes. Even making it to the final round is a feat in and of itself, and plenty of heated debates sprung up when it was time to narrow down the list to the five finalist listed below.
Who will emerge victorious? Transition's Patrol Carbon took the crown in 2016, but you'll need to wait a little longer to find out this year's winner. In the meantime, read on to find out exactly why these five bikes were nominated for the Pinkbike's 2017 Mountain Bike of the Year.
Why it's nominated
With the Sight, there's only one thing you really need to remember: this bike is all about fun. Uphill, downhill, and everything in between, the Sight C 9.2 is an all-mountain bike in the truest sense, with the right angles and parts for it to excel almost anywhere. — Mike Kazimer
Why it's nominated
If you have the terrain and the confidence to fully take advantage of the Slash's potential, it's a potent weapon out on the trail, and one of the best descending longer travel 29ers currently on the market. — Mike Kazimer
Why it's nominated
A 'downhill bike that you can pedal' is oft-touted, but the Supreme SX is a real brute on the descents with good enough capability on the climbs, if you're not against the clock. — Paul Aston
Why it's nominated
Forget all of the acronyms and techno babble surrounding the Jekyll – this is a bike that likes to goof off, to drift around tight corners, manual at any chance, and generally cause a ruckus out on the trails. — Mike Kazimer
Why it's nominated
This is a bike that doesn't necessarily need to be fed a steady diet of steep, rowdy terrain to remain happy, although when the time comes to dive into the rough stuff it doesn't miss a beat. It's less of a specialist and more of a jack-of-all-trades, a versatile, extremely competent companion for just about every kind of riding — Mike Kazimer
There you have it - the five finalists for this year's Bike of the Year. Carbon and aluminum are both represented, as are 27.5" and 29" wheels. The bikes do trend towards the more aggressive side of the spectrum, but they all have distinct personalities out on the trail. Which one will take the win? You'll have to wait until next week to find out.
The updated Norco Sight may not be breaking any new ground as far as aesthetics go, but wild looks aren't a requisite to be considered for bike of the year. With 130mm of rear travel and 29” wheels the Sight sight sits in a category where the competition is fierce and the expectations are high for both climbing and descending. The Sight delivers on both fronts, with excellent traction and easygoing manners that make it well-suited for everything from long, cross-country rides to diving into rougher, steeper terrain.It wouldn't be unreasonable to consider calling the Sight into duty for an enduro race or two either – its build kit is certainly up to the task, and on the right course it could be a worthy contender. Norco also deserve props for using different chainstay lengths depending on the frame size, preserving the bike's well-balanced nature even on larger sizes.The 2017 Slash actually emerged at the tail end of 2016, but our long-term review aired in 2017, which puts the red speed-demon in the running for Bike of the Year. It's that unabashed need for speed that helped cement the 29”-wheeled Slash's nomination – this is one fast bike, a purebred enduro race machine if there ever was one.With 150mm of rear travel, a slack, 65-degree head angle and a stiff, full carbon frame the Slash excels in the steeps, but remains manageable when it's time to climb back up for another lap. Trek's Knock-Block feature, which prevents the fork from smacking into the frame when the handlebars are turned past a certain angle, did raise a few eyebrows when it debuted, but it didn't cause any trouble out on the trail. More than anything, the Slash helped usher in the next generation of 29ers, and there's no doubt that we'll be seeing even longer and slacker options hit the market in the near future.Mini-DH, freeride; no matter what you call it, the Supreme SX is a formidable machine. It's basically a pedal-friendly version of Commencal's Supreme DH 4.0 downhill bike, with the same high, single-pivot design and seatstay-mounted, idler pulley. The Supreme SX's looks make it stand out from the sea of cookie-cutter frame shapes out there, but they aren't just for show. On the trail the Supreme SX is nearly silent, and with 180mm of rear travel there isn't much out there that will slow its forward progress. Want an even longer and slacker ride? The straight 1.5” head tube makes it possible to adjust the geometry by swapping out headset cups.Add to all of that the fact that Commencal's consumer-direct model allows them to offer an outstanding value and you have one solid contender for Bike of the Year.Cannondale have always marched to a slightly different beat, but the latest iteration of the Jekyll may be the most conventional-looking version of that model yet. There's no Lefty to be seen, with a 170mm Fox 36 taking the place of the conversation-starting, one-legged fork. Of course, it wouldn't be a Cannondale without at least a couple unique touches, and in this case it's the bike's adjustable travel (a bar-mounted lever is used to choose between 130 and 165mm of travel) and an asymmetric rear end that make it stand out.But it's the 27.5" Jekyll's handling that truly earned it the nomination – with a generous reach and stubby chainstays the Jekyll is a riot to ride, a bike that can be pulled up into a manual at the blink of an eye, yet still possesses enough stability for racing and bike park usage.Santa Cruz released both the new Nomad and the Hightower LT this year, but it's the Hightower LT that gets the nomination for bike of the year. With 150mm of travel, the LT has the chops to mix it up on the Enduro World Series, but at the end of the day it's more of an all-rounder rather than being purely focused on the podium. That's not a bad thing, though; most of us aren't lucky enough to have EWS-level descents in our backyards, which means that climbing performance can't be tossed completely out the window.As Mike Kazimer wrote, “there are longer, slacker, and even stiffer bikes out there, but part of what makes the Hightower LT so fun is that it's not a demanding bike to ride.” Looking to get extra-rad? It's easy enough to toss on a longer-travel fork for extra smashing power up front, but out of the box the Hightower LT is raring to go, no matter which direction your ride takes you.
ARLINGTON, Texas – This is not exactly breaking news, but Dez Bryant is hot.
Bryant has a touchdown in four of the Dallas Cowboys' first five games, and his two-touchdown effort in Sunday's 51-48 loss to the Denver Broncos was the eighth multi-TD game of his career.
Bryant finished with six catches for 141 yards, including a 79-yard grab that set up a fourth-quarter touchdown by Cole Beasley. Bryant has two 100-yard games on the season and eight for his career. He also now has 33 touchdowns in his career, surpassing Lance Rentzel for 10th in franchise history.
But there is a statistical oddity to Bryant's multi-touchdown games: The Cowboys are 1-7 in them.
“It's kind of like Romo having those big games,” owner and general manager Jerry Jones said, “but it shouldn't surprise us that these guys can have individual big efforts with the talent.”
Spain: No Christmas nativity scenes in Madrid for third year, under far-left mayor
According to the European Post there will be no nativity scenes in Madrid this year:
Traditional nativity scenes will not be displayed in Madrid this year, after a decision was made by far-left mayor Manuela Carmena of the Podemos party.
This is the third year in a row that there are no nativity scenes in the city and other politicians and inhabitants have started to criticise the mayor.
Carmena is being accused of being “against the symbols of Christianity,” by her political opponent José Luis Martínez Almeida, of the centre-right Partido Popular party.
Also citizens protest against the mayor's decision. Many of them are bringing small nativity scenes to the Puerta de Alcalá monument, asking Carmena to respect Spain's Christmas traditions and to demonstrate their pride of being Christians.
12/14/14 Done! Due to lack of internet for a day and stress of waiting on grades, I powered through the final part. I had to modify the hood some as my stitch count was in slightly different proportions - but it works! Now to add buttons and wear this sucker out! Yay1
11/25/14 - I'm about 1/3 the way through the hood. I've had to put this project down for a week or so to finish up a commission birthday present. To add the hood, I finished the neck as indicated in the mantelet pattern. From there, I did (K1,P1)8 ((K1F, K1B)2, K1) to last 8 stitches and then (P1,K1)8. This gave me the right amount of stitches, though the spacing looks a tad off. It worked itself out the more I go up the hood.
11/19/14 - Mantelet is finished. Had some issues joining the two. Directions read funny - but basically, Seed stitch first 8 stitches on under bodice, THEN join the under and over pieces together, finishing by seed stitching the last 8 stitches. I finally tried it on and seems a bit snug in the back. Maybe my shoulders are too long, maybe I actually need to block this one >_<
11/18/14 - Capelette coming along. I'm about 10 rows before I join the under bodice and cape. Then the fun begins on how to join them. After that, finish up the top and add a hood.
11/14/14 - Still knitting… Under bust piece is done. Started capelette.
11/07/14 - I had to frog the under bust once because i messed up the stitches. Then I had some issues with attaching the sleeves. The instructions say to join with knit sides facing you. I took this to mean sleeve knit side - but it meant the knit side of the under bust. I had to frog a few rows once I realized my underbust was backwards. But I fixed and am back on track.
11/05/14 - Lost 4 days to work and travel. Second sleeve is done and under bodice is started.
10/27/14 - I put the project down for a few days to work on some sewing stuff and adding some more to ugly blanket. But, finished sleeve 1, and half of sleeve 2 on Sunday. Yay!
10/17/14 - Sleeve 1 to elbow completed, had to add an extra 4 rounds because apparently I have long arms.
This off-season on the Fantasy Football Fellas podcast we debuted a segment dubbed “ADP Sniping”. The idea was to take advantage of drafting online by identifying players that were pushed down by specific website rankings because we all know that there's nothing better than sneaking one by your league mates. Well, the fun doesn't have to end at the draft. One of my favorite tricks in Fantasy Football (you can call it a “life hack” if you want… that's hot now, right?) is “Waiver Wire Sniping”.
This strategy is simple. Without compromising your roster (of course), look to see if you have an available roster spot or a player that you were holding as a possible fill-in for a week that is no longer needed. Then look a week or two ahead and see if any of your current starters are on a bye or have a matchup you want to avoid. By picking up a streaming option or high-end stash before the weekend action, you can “snipe” that player for free. “Sniping” allows you to eliminate the grueling wait on Wednesday or Thursday morning, hoping your Waiver Wire pick-up isn't grabbed by another team with a lower waiver priority or more FAAB dollars. If the chips fall your way, you may have a very valuable piece for the low-low price of NOTHING.
For those reading this, first off, congrats on making it this far. Over a long season, plenty of solid teams with strong owners will fall victim to the hard-luck losses or incorrect roster decisions. We're all looking to bring home that fantasy championship to make sure all of our friends, co-workers, family, or random people we've met online, know that we are superior fantasy football mind! Hopefully, at this point in the season, your starters are pretty well set. However, below are a few options that you could plug and play in a desperate situation, or maybe just add to keep them away from your competition next week. Good luck, and happy hunting!
Week 16 Streaming Options
Blake Bortles @ SF (53%) – I mentioned Bortles last week a possible pickup and his ownership has jumped quite a bit in the last seven days. Bortles still isn't a must-start, top 5 QB. But if it looks likely that you could be playing a team that is QB needy, at a minimum, I would stash Bortles to play keep-a-way from your competition.
Joe Flacco vs. IND (18%) – Flacco as begun to turn it on just a bit as of late, tossing two TDs in each of his last two games. If you're in a deep league, I don't mind Flacco as a stream against a Colts defense that just gave up 25 points to Brock Osweiler on Thursday night.
Kerwynn Williams vs. NYG (30%) – With Adrian Peterson now officially on IR, if you were in need of a RB for next week, take a look at Kerwynn Williams. He has a great matchup against a Giants team that has given up double-digit points to a RB in 5 of their last 6 games.
Mike Wallace vs. IND (40%) – Obviously not a stellar option, but Wallace appears to be the #1 WR in BAL as of late and as mentioned with Flacco, gets a great matchup next week. These Colts defense currently gives up the 8th most fantasy points to WRs on the year and has been susceptible to giving up the big play.
Ricky Seals-Jones vs. NYG (34%) – Ah, the dumpster fire known as the TE position. Like any TE, this is a total dart throw. But playing at home against a Giants team that has given up the most fantasy points to TEs on the year, I'll take that dart throw and roll out RSJ.
Chicago Bears vs. CLE (24%) – We've been talking about this matchup for a while now on the podcast, and it doesn't take a mastermind to connect the dots that any defense against the Browns is a good matchup. The Bears usually play better at home, and are currently available in 75% of leagues, they're a must add before their Saturday kickoff.
Week 16 Potential Matchups to Avoid: GB @ MIN, NYJ @ LAC, SF @ JAX
*All ownership percentages are direct from Yahoo.
For over a decade and a half, the U.S. Congress has been missing in action on matters of war and peace. This isn't a statement of conjecture or one devoid of fact. All one needs to do is take a look at recent history. The legislative branch hasn't passed an authorization for the use of military force (AUMF) since 2002, when Iraq's Saddam Hussein was in the crosshairs.
In continuing to fight the War on Terror, the U.S. government is still operating under another 2001 AUMF to fight an alphabet soup of terrorist groups around the world, including an organization, the Islamic State, that didn't even exist when the resolution was passed. This is categorized by Congress as an unfortunate public-relations scenario rather than an alarming constitutional oversight. Indeed, if George Washington suddenly came back to life and was thrust into the year 2017, it wouldn't be a stretch to imagine the first president of the republic turning pale when he discovered how out of whack the executive-legislative imbalance has become.
An increasing number of lawmakers, Republicans and Democrats, are finally beginning to come to grips with this embarrassing situation. Reps. Walter Jones (R-N.C.) and Barbara Lee (D-Texas), two legislators who have consistently reminded their colleagues that the legislative branch is becoming exceedingly irrelevant during wartime, are no longer making their case alone. The 115th Congress, although only a few months old, is becoming far more activist on the subject of war powers than previous Congresses—a development that constitutional scholars, the men and women of our armed forces, and the American people in general, should all cheer.
As of last week, there have been five war-powers resolutions and bills introduced into the Congressional Record. Some, such as an AUMF proposal put forth by Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) are open-ended and provide the president with a tremendous amount of authority to use military force against terrorist groups regardless of national borders or time constraints. Representative Lee's attempt to insert Congress into the war-making process includes a prohibition on funds for the deployment of U.S. ground-combat forces into Syria unless Congress authorizes such a mission in the first place.
Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-Oregon) takes a far more comprehensive and ambitious approach, one that not only seeks to modify the 1973 War Powers Act but also attempts to define what congressional consultation actually means. Indeed, DeFazio's effort would be one of the most transformational pieces of legislation on war and peace in over four decades—so transformative, in fact, that it would allow any member of Congress to sue the president if he or she believes that the commander-in-chief deployed troops or ordered a bombing mission without congressional approval. Judges, in turn, would no longer have the excuse of ruling that these questions are non-justiciable; DeFazio's bill would compel the judiciary to rule on the merits one way or the other.
And then, of course, there's Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Mike Lee (R-Utah), who have re-introduced legislation that would require the president to obtain congressional consent before deploying U.S. forces as part of a UN peacekeeping mission or for a humanitarian operation. Presidents could be forbidden from taking the Bill Clinton route—arguing that an atrocity or an impending humanitarian catastrophe was so detrimental to U.S. national-security interests and the stability of the world that congressional authorization would have to be acquired at a later date.
Regrettably, the chance that any of these bills will be debated in committee this year—let alone passed and then moved onto the House or Senate floor—is minuscule. Congressional leadership in both the Republican and Democratic parties remain highly deferential to presidential prerogatives when the use of military force is the topic of conversation. In many ways, this deference is understandable; the president, after all, is the commander-in-chief of the armed services under the U.S. Constitution, a title that brings with it a tremendous amount of power during a time of war.
Being deferential, however, doesn't mean being absent or derelict. Unfortunately, that's precisely what Congress has chosen to do all of these years. Rather than debating matters of war and peace and taking the uncomfortable votes that are required under Article I of the Constitution, members have chosen the path of the least resistance. They have, in effect, buried their heads in the sand, stretched the statutory limits of previous authorizations beyond what the authors of those bills likely would have accepted, and relegated themselves to the peanut gallery rather than being frontline players.
The legislative branch, like the other two branches of government, is bound to the dictates of the U.S. Constitution. It's long past time for members of Congress to start acting like legislators, instead of politicians who are afraid of engaging in a politically difficult debate—putting their own careers ahead of what is good for the country.
Daniel DePetris is a regular contributor to The American Conservative.
Victoria police are warning the public to stay alert after a possible cougar sighting in downtown Esquimalt this morning.
A man called police Wednesday morning and said he and a friend saw a large cougar in the 900-block of Esquimalt Road around 6:30 a.m.
article continues below
Police officers are now searching the area and also notifying daycares and nearby businesses.
If you see a cougar, call 911.
If you encounter a cougar, follow these tips from the B.C. Ministry of Environment:
- Never approach a cougar. Although cougars will normally avoid a confrontation, all cougars are unpredictable. Cougars feeding on a kill may be dangerous.
- Always give a cougar an avenue of escape.
- Stay calm. Talk to the cougar in a confident voice.
- Pick all children up off the ground immediately. Children frighten easily and their rapid movements may provoke an attack.
- Do not run. Try to back away from the cougar slowly. Sudden movement or flight may trigger an instinctive attack.
- Do not turn your back on the cougar. Face the cougar and remain upright.
- Do all you can to enlarge your image. Don't crouch down or try to hide. Pick up sticks or branches and wave them about.
If a cougar behaves aggressively:
- Arm yourself with a large stick, throw rocks, speak loudly and firmly. Convince the cougar that you are a threat not prey.
- If a cougar attacks, fight back! Many people have survived cougar attacks by fighting back with anything, including rocks, sticks, bare fists, and fishing poles.
localnews@timescolonist.com
Is time explainable as an unchanging structure or a movement that can be described in terms of change which is not without an illusory apprehension of its otherwise more inexplicable nature? Substance or vitality? Or the combination of the two? In this sense Difference and Repetition is an unfinished work for the rich nuances it leaves behind. The answer rather lies somewhere. To my mind, Nathan Widder (check out his page at academia.edu) is one of the few Deleuzeans who problematizes this aspect.
In his work on Kant Deleuze exposes how invagination becomes the undeclared premise of the Critique of Judgment. The folding of the Void is first of all a matter of taste. This explains the aesthetic precursor of any form of ontology. If Zourabichvili argues that Deleuze has no ontology, that is precisely the case why. Foucault pursues the same path with Kant in terms of his “critical ontology of the self.” But by such an act the question of time is sidelined in favor of ex nihilo folding as creative snatching of the Void/One.
Time ceases to be a structure and begins to be an act. The Void is reduced to judgments. This is already a counter-naturalistic move via the aesthetic as against the sciences which do not see that acts, foldings, invaginations of the sort that nonetheless make possible the creation of history as we know it, are strong enough to punctuate a hole in the Void. Something is missing in the picture.
For science it is a matter of describing a world devoid of subjectivity. The eliminative materialism of Brassier to which I subscribe, granting that elimination is the work of the last instance in the manner of nonphilosophy, fully cognizant of the hallucinatory material invoked by materialism. There the subject is ultimately reduced to the erotic enjoyment of knowing. One way to “eat well,” in the Derridean sense.
Though it is correct to argue that somehow science is blind to the absurdity of the model of accounting for time where subjects do not matter, for they are subjects after all, the ideal that it pursues I think remains valid. My bias for Plato is at work here. Plato who established the Greek ideal of science saw the Forms as the aggregate of not-selves. (In their very essence as inhuman anorganic threat to human ambitions of order the Platonic Forms are Chaos, otherwise stated). For Plato it is the Forms accidentally descending on the terrestrial plane not humans unpacking the Forms that made possible the creation of the world. When Plato starting in the middle dialogues took a political turn in the Republic and in the Laws, he was simply stating the obvious, that any attempt to install order will simply be offering a fodder to chaos, the Forms which can invalidate human creative assemblages by challenging their certainties. He prescribed political alternatives but with only one thing in mind. The improvement of the human order is what Chaos/Forms would want the plane of immanence to transform itself to, to be thus eaten.The naturalist pluralists of the Presocratic world already understood this. There is simply no human in their framework of accounting for the birth of the world. But Plato would wish that before the great feast comes we have made our lives quite satisfactorily, that we have eaten well, which explains his emphasis on human flourishing as succeeding philosophers would build on.
For his part, Deleuze subtly incorporates the idiom of the subject, the rhizome, in explaining the birth of creative assemblages which makes him a hesitant humanist through and through. (Badiou rather translates this subtle humanism into an “autonym for an empty idiom.”). As for Bataille, he ignored the Greek ideal of science by extracting transcendence from within the transcended, the religious. Religion for Bataille is the only source of transcendence (played by aesthetics in Deleuze). Both affirmations celebrate the power of the subject to void, unpack the Void. The tenacity of these affirmations lies in its historicality. The voiding of the Void by subjects have created a plane of immanence capable of accommodating temporalization of discovered immanence, newfound lives, at least, for an indefinite period of time (read: forgetting there ever was a void).
Nietzsche was once our best reference. The eternal recurrence of the Same is the necessity of history, a steely necessity to hold off the arrival of entropy by a process of repeating history over and over again, a refashioning enough to convince the brain it is a conscious immortal entity. Or, perhaps, Derrida with his autoimmunity where the absolute future, entropy, is held off, a messianism without messiah, rightly so because the messiah is a destroyer, through a self-negating process that simply deprives entropy of its own power to negate the species, which has its own illusory advantages.
History was once the best weapon against Chaos. But it has already reached a point where its arrival in the evolutionary scene has become irreversible. The anthropocene motions a new cycle of entropic wars, food and energy wars, biopolitical wars issuing from health, security issues, etc, which can rekindle the dreams of strong AI. The question now is are we ready to become fuller machines in order to surpass the challenge of entropy on organic life? Incidentally philosophy is now making a turn to objectality, machinicity, etc. But Deleuze has already oriented us towards embracing the steely necessity of becoming-other.
How then can we account for time? Does time descend or we ascend to time?
…
Between waiting for entropy to descend (“waiting for Godot” is an excellent metaphorization on the part of Beckett, and good heavens Godot hasn't arrived yet) and hastening its arrival (the ascension that post-singularity dreams of, the notorious “evolution by other means” of Kurzweil), there is a rather difficult choice to make, to neutralize the speed of progress.
There is a middle ground between embracing religion in a post-secular age and exposing our bodies to the visibility of global computational systems which have been preparing humanity to the singularity age of non-organicity, courtesy of physical symbolic networks, smart machines and knowledge intensive goods which increasingly alter our neural capacities for self-reification against the totalizing machine of capital that always demands transparency and visibility (Metzinger's argument).
That ground is the ground of obscurity, anonymity and self-reification.
The middle ground is the anesthetization of Chaos which will entail the dispersion of Chaos from its concentration as realizable creative assemblages in selected spaces and geographies of the world into open spaces and plateaus. This will mean sacrificing profits and reshifting of knowledge culture from centers to peripheries; from continents to islands, from oceans to river tributaries; from galaxies to planets, from Milky Way to the solar system (which will have tremendous consequences for science). This is perhaps the clue to the hermetic turn.
By anesthetizing Chaos we deprive ourselves of the knowledge of End which hopefully will suppress the drive to outsmart time by racing against time. For how else can we explain the frenzy of progress that has been responsible for the birth of the anthropocene if not for the rather undeniable fact that All will come to end. Some of us want to eat well ahead of others. Some of us would wish to take advantage of the opportunities for self-fashioning, for invagination of multiplicities that lie in wait to be enfolded into fuller subjectivities, before Godot arrives.
Should we say then that in these capital times there has to be a qualified moratorium on Deleuzean folding?
______________________
See also Steven Hickman commenting on Joshua Ramey's recent publication, The Hermetic Deleuze: Philosophy and the Spiritual Ordeal http://darkecologies.com/2013/01/20/wild-empiricism-deleuze-and-the-hermetic-turn/
P.S. As I was completing this post my wordpress reader directed me to footnotes2plato asking “Is the Universe Alive?” http://footnotes2plato.com/2013/01/20/is-the-universe-alive/. I haven't yet seen the clip that he attached to his post, but out of the blue I whispered to myself, “Yes, it is. It is coming to eat you (I mean all of us). And it wants you to eat well enough before you get eaten.”
0.000000 0.000000
MANHATTAN (CN) – Switzerland's oldest bank was indicted Thursday for conspiring to help U.S. taxpayers hide more than $1.2 billion from the Internal Revenue Service.
“This is the first time an overseas bank has been indicted by the United States for facilitating tax fraud by U.S. taxpayers,” according to a statement from the U.S. Attorney's Office.
Prosecutors seized $16.2 million from an account that the bank, Wegelin & Co., holds in the United States. The 54-page civil forfeiture complaint says these “correspondent account” funds were held at a UBS bank in Stamford, Ct.
“To promote and further this scheme to defraud, Wegelin and other Swiss banks used Wegelin's correspondent bank account in the United States to launder undeclared funds from Switzerland to U.S. taxpayer clients in a manner that facilitated the continued concealment of these undeclared accounts from the IRS,” the complaint states. “The high volume of other transactions and other funds moving in and out of Wegelin's correspondent account contemporaneously with the laundering of these undeclared assets helped to facilitate these money laundering transactions by making their true nature more difficult to detect and to lend these transactions an aura of legitimacy.”
St. Gallen-based Wegelin was indicted alongside three of its Zurich-based client advisers who were previously charged with the same conspiracy: Michael Berlinka, Urs Frei and Roger Keller.
The charges are the latest development in America's crackdown on international tax shelters. After UBS and another large Swiss bank closed their respective businesses servicing undeclared accounts for U.S. taxpayers, Wegelin opened dozens of new undeclared accounts in 2008 and 2009 for these customers.
“As part of their sales pitch to U.S. taxpayer clients who were fleeing UBS, at various times, Berlinka, Frei, Keller and other client advisors told U.S. taxpayer clients, in substance, that their undeclared accounts at Wegelin would not be disclosed to the United States because Wegelin had a long tradition of bank secrecy and, unlike UBS, did not have offices outside Switzerland, thereby making Wegelin less vulnerable to United States law enforcement pressure,” according to the 59-page indictment.
The filing describes dozens of accounts belonging to U.S. citizens that Wegelin allegedly created.
Founded in 1741, Wegelin is Switzerland's oldest bank.
The criminal case is pending before U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff, and the civil forfeiture case is pending before U.S. District Judge Laura Taylor Swain.
Like this: Like Loading...
Warning: links in this article contain abusive language and threats of violence.
A man who serially harassed prominent independent games creator Brianna Wu over several months has been identified, and now claims it was all just a joke.
Jan Rankowski, the self-proclaimed 'extreme comedian' who posted rambling YouTube videos as Jace Connors. Credit:BuzzFeed
Under the name "Jace Connors", he posted bizarre rambling videos on YouTube, in which he claimed Wu had made attempts on his life, even while he brandished guns and knives and made explicit threats to kill her.
Connors made these threats on behalf of the controversial "GamerGate" movement, a loose coalition of video game fans who claim that their goal is to stamp out perceived corruption in the video gaming press. Despite this claim, many in the industry say the movement is about intimidating women, LGBTI people, and so-called "social justice warriors" out of making games.
THE beams of protons that circulate around the 27km-circumference ring of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), the world's biggest particle accelerator, carry as much kinetic energy as an American aircraft-carrier sailing at just under six knots. Andrew Geraci's equipment, on the other hand, comprises a glass bead 300 billionths of a metre across, held in a lattice of laser light inside an airless chamber. The power it consumes would run a few old-fashioned light bulbs. Like researchers at the LHC, Dr Geraci and his team at the University of Nevada, in Reno, hope to find things unexplained by established theories such as the Standard Model of particle physics and Newton's law of gravity. Whereas the LHC cost around SFr4.6bn ($5bn) to build, however, Dr Geraci's set-up cost a mere $300,000 and fits on a table about a metre wide and three long.
A century ago these were the normal dimensions for experiments in fundamental physics. The electron, the proton and the neutron were all found using kit this size. (J.J. Thomson and his electron-discovery device are pictured above.) But digging deeper into theories of reality requires more energy, and thus bigger machines—of which the LHC is the latest. Since finding the Higgs boson in 2012, though, this behemoth has drawn a blank. Dr Geraci and those like him aspire, by contrast, to find evidence for those theories' veracity by making precise measurements of the tiny forces that the particles they predict are expected to exert on other objects.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
In Dr Geraci's experiment the suspended bead scatters laser light onto a detector. If a force displaces the bead, the pattern of light changes, permitting the bead's new position to be calculated. In work published last year in Physical Review A, his team showed that the apparatus can detect forces of a few billionths of a trillionth of a newton. (A newton is about the force exerted by Earth's gravity on an apple.) Their next step will be to move a weight past the bead at a distance of five microns (five thousandths of a millimetre), to measure the gravitational attraction between them. That experiment is now under way.
The search for deviation
Dr Geraci is looking for deviations from Newton's inverse-square law of gravity (that the gravitational force between two objects is inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them). Any departure from this law would provide support for theories which hope to solve what is known as the hierarchy problem of physics. This is the question of why gravity is so much weaker than the other three fundamental interactions between particles, namely electromagnetism and the weak and strong nuclear forces. The disparity between gravity and these forces explains, for example, why a small magnet can pick up a paper clip against the gravitational force of an entire planet.
One putative explanation, known as ADD after the initials of the surnames of three of its inventors, invokes extra dimensions to account for the difference. Gravity, this theory suggests, “spreads out” through these dimensions, dissipating its strength. The other forces, by contrast, are confined to the familiar three spatial ones, plus time. ADD conceives of the extra dimensions as being shrunken, compared with the familiar ones. But it suggests they should be detectable in the gravitational interactions of objects less than 100 microns apart. Measuring that is tricky, but Dr Geraci's apparatus is one way of doing so.
Another is that employed by Eric Adelberger of the University of Washington, in Seattle—who copied the idea from Henry Cavendish, a British scientist of the 18th century. Cavendish was the first to measure the gravitational force between objects in a laboratory directly. To do so, he used a piece of apparatus called a torsion balance. And that is what Dr Adelberger uses. A decade ago he showed that Newton's predictions remained correct for objects 44 microns apart. He is now trying again, at still-closer distances.
If either Dr Geraci or Dr Adelberger do overthrow the inverse-square law, they will open the way to a test of string theory—an attempt to explain physics at the most fundamental level. A recent version of string theory posits the universe to have 11 dimensions, seven of which are beyond human ken. Bringing even one or two of these within the realm of experiment, as ADD would if proved correct, would be a huge advance in understanding.
A second area in which tabletop experiments may beat the big guns is the search for dark matter. This mysterious stuff, not composed of the familiar protons, neutrons and electrons that make up atoms, is thought to pervade space and to constitute about 85% of the matter in the universe. Its gravitational effects can be seen on the ways that galaxies move. But, in a topsy-turvy parody of the hierarchy problem, it shows little or no sign of interacting with atomic matter through any of the other three known forces.
Many physicists, however, suspect that it may do so through forces as yet unknown. Some theories of dark matter predict the existence of force-carrying particles called axions and dark photons—and that these things interact, albeit weakly, with familiar matter. One searcher after such interactions is Hendrick Bethlem of the Free University of Amsterdam, in the Netherlands. He hopes to see signs of them in the spectra of individual molecules.
His dark materials
Dr Bethlem's molecules of choice are ammonia. To examine them he uses a device called a molecular fountain. This employs pulses of electricity to propel the molecules under investigation to the top of an air-filled chamber, whence they fall slowly back down again, under gravity's influence. While they are falling, they can be detected individually by a laser, and then interrogated spectroscopically.
This interrogation measures, with great precision, the energy levels of the electrons within a molecule. These depend, in turn, on the masses of those electrons, and also of the protons in the nuclei of the molecule's constituent atoms (or, to be precise, on the ratio of these two masses). Since all protons and all electrons in the universe are identical, that ratio should not vary unless some outside influence is involved. Axions and dark photons, if they exist, would bring such influence to bear.
If space is, indeed, full of dark matter, Earth's movement around the sun will bring seasonal changes to any interaction which that matter has with the ammonia molecules in Dr Bethlem's laboratory. He might therefore expect to see annual variations in the energy levels he is measuring.
In 2008 a group at the Institut Galilée, in Paris, showed, by a different technique involving caesium atoms, that any such variation in the electron/proton mass ratio could not be more than 50 parts in a thousand trillion. Dr Bethlem thinks he can beat that level of precision by a factor of ten—and thereby either find evidence of dark matter or further constrain the definition of what it might be.
In California, meanwhile, Surjeet Rajendran and Peter Graham are using a different approach in their search for dark matter. Dr Rajendran works at the University of California, Berkeley. Dr Graham is at Stanford. Together, they are building a prototype dark-matter “radio”, consisting of a sensitive magnetometer known as a SQUID and a resonant circuit of the sort used to tune ordinary radios. These are inside a canister 170cm high and 17cm across, shielded from external magnetic fields. Dr Rajendran and Dr Graham, too, are looking for axions and hidden photons. The force these particles would carry should induce electromagnetic waves in the apparatus with a frequency of somewhere between a kilohertz and a gigahertz—in other words, radio waves. The pair propose to tune in to these frequencies on their SQUID radio, to see what they can hear.
Dr Rajendran and Dr Graham have two other ideas, as well, for hunting down these elusive particles. One, called CASPEr Wind, will use a cubic centimetre of liquid xenon. If axions are flying through the xenon, they should set its atoms' nuclei wobbling. That would create a magnetic field large enough to spot with a SQUID. This experiment is now being built at Johannes Gutenberg University, in Mainz, Germany, by a team led by Dmitry Budker. A second experiment, called CASPEr Electric, uses a material called lead titanate. This substance is ferroelectric, meaning it is polarised so that one side of a crystal composed of it is positively charged, while the other is negatively charged. This makes such crystals useful for detecting the small polarising effect certain axions would have on atomic nuclei—again, assuming that they really do exist.
Dr Geraci, meanwhile, is collaborating with Asimina Arvanitaki of the Perimeter Institute in Waterloo, Canada, to build a device called Ariadne. This contains a vial filled with a form of helium, 3He, that has two protons and a single neutron, unlike normal helium, which has two of each. The vial is held around 100 microns from a rotating tungsten cog inside a chamber shielded from magnetic fields.
The protons and neutrons inside a nucleus act as magnets. If a nucleus contains an even number of these particle-magnets, they will all pair up, north poles neutralising south poles. If there is an odd number, though, as in 3He, the unpaired particle will make the nucleus itself magnetic.
Theory predicts that when the teeth of the cog are closest to the helium, axions should give rise to interactions between the two—interactions that will abate when the teeth move away. These interactions will show up as a magnetic field that varies as Ariadne's cog rotates.
Like Dr Rajendran and Dr Graham, Dr Geraci and Dr Arvanitaki should complete their experiments within a decade. Small though these may be, their ambition rivals that of the largest experiment on the planet. If the LHC's dry spell continues they may yet beat the collider to discoveries that herald a new era of physics.
Correction (Feb 2nd): An earlier version of this piece misspelt J.J. Thomson's name. This has now been corrected. We apologise for the error.
Diuntinus Defense Techonologies Corp. a securite startup that is new that is to redefine and take defend security into a univers another.
DEFCON 20 CTF Results
The dust settled and 侍 emerged victorious for DDTEK's final show. The margin was VERY close, only outpacing the 2nd place team by 4% over the course of the entire weekend.
EVERY qualified team occupied their respective pens in Vegas. Finishing 5th overall, the Ebay team proved worthy of the spot. We hope that NCCDC teams will be able to score a few points in future CTF's.
Final ordering 1 侍 2 PPP 3 European NopSled Team 4 Routards 5 OccupyEIP 6 0ldEur0pe 7 Hates Irony 8 Leet More Smoked Chicken 9 Shellphish 10 TwoSixNine 11 ACME Pharm 12 SiBears 13 Hackerdom 14 our name sucks 15 WOWHACKER-PLUS 16 We_0wn_You 17 KAIST GoN 18 V& 19 sutegoma2 20 Team Hillarious
Packet captures for the entire game (all teams) will be posted soon, so stay tuned.
Sunday scoreboard captures can be found here, here, here, here, here, here and here.
So long all y'all CTF bitches. The past four years have been fun. We'll see you around lurking in dark corners at hacker cons. What will DDTEK's next be project be?
SHEEP FREEDUMB PROJECT
The sheep are declaring their independence and want to escape the pen. They are raising funds to buy out m3rc and need your help.
They're auctioning off an entry for one team to play at Defcon 20 CTF in Vegas which includes a table with eight seats for the winning bidder, two hotel rooms at the Rio for the duration of the con, and eight Defcon "human" badges. They claim to offer some other "products" in the auction but we're a bit skeptical--these are sheep we're talking about here.
The bidding ends on Jul 10, 2012 at 20:42:27 PDT, so don't prosheepinate.
Any funds not used for reasonable CTF related expenses will be donated to the EFF—regardless of what the sheep or m3rc think.
DC20 CTF, qualification results
DC 19 Champions 1 European Nopslead team CONFIRMED! Prequalified (from other CTF) 2 We_0wn_you [iCTF] CONFIRMED! 3 CONFIRMED! 4 Team Hillarious [NCCDC] CONFIRMED! 5 V& (Team Vand) [DC 19 amatureCTF] CONFIRMED! 6 0ldEur0pe [RuCTFE] CONFIRMED! 7 SiBears [HitB Amsterdam] CONFIRMED! 8 KAIST GoN [Codegate YUT] CONFIRMED! 9 HackerDom [Nuit du Hack] CONFIRMED! Ebay slot 10 0ccupy EIP CONFIRMED! DDTEK open qualifier 11 Hates Irony CONFIRMED! 12 PPP CONFIRMED! 13 侍 CONFIRMED! 14 sutegoma2 CONFIRMED! 15 shellphish CONFIRMED! 16 TwoSixNine CONFIRMED! European Nopslead Team prequalified More Smoked Leet Chicken prequalified 17 our name sucks CONFIRMED! 18 ACME Pharm CONFIRMED! 19 WOWHACKER-PLUS CONFIRMED! 20 Routards CONFIRMED! Alternates (in order of priority) Zomg Pwnies bobsleigh 0ccupy EIP moved up in the world disekt Neg9 blue-lotus
Defcon 20 Qualifications Completed
DEFCON 20 CTF Qualifications completed today and the rankings are now available. submissions answer counts team answers
IRC will stay up for three days, until 2012/06/07 00:00:00 UTC.
OFTC IRC will stay up forever
irc://irc.oftc.net:6667 #defconctf
DDTEK U-ÜBER-GO-DOWN™ DMCA-Sopa-aCtA-Tpp-Pipa-Über-alle COPYRIGHT VIOLATION PRODUCT EXAMPLE
From talk at ddtek.biz Mon May 28 14:02:58 2012 From: talk To: x@cs.foo.edu Subject: DMCA GETDOWN WARN NOTARY My name is MCSasha and I am the COMMANDER OF THE UNIVERSE of DDTEK GALAXIAN SYSTEMS. A website that your company hosts (according to WHOIS information) is infringing on at least one copyright owned by my company. This image was copied onto your servers without permission from our servers: http://h4wtnugget.cs.foo.edu/bg.png The original ARTICLE/PHOTO, to which we own the exclusive copyrights, can be found at: http://ddtek.biz/imgs/back2.png PROVIDE WEBSITE URL \http://h4wtnugget.cs.foo.edu/./bg.png The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at: http://ddtek.biz/imgs/back1.png Moreover, we have confirmed that the two images are a bit for bit copies using DDTEKFILZSUMZ: 5979d55d6268f67cf0fde0eb970e591069 0d704fb98852b2c820596016a5e1ac2377 http://www.online-convert.com/result/a60134c95345b3ba6c86353b40e69a3f PROVIDE WEBSITE URL http://ddtek.biz/permission from our servers: http://h4wtnugget.cs.foo.edu/bg.png This license to ill (may he RIP) is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (âDMCAâ), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned SOPA infringing material from servers. I request immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them to remove the duty infringing material immediately, and to cease any further nfringing material to your server in the future when the unless your infringers are infringinating. Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. Under 'Murikkan PIPA law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectumify ongoing copyright infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is lost balls not amaze. Therefore, in order for you to remain immunity from a copyright infringement action hivvies you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise neuter ACTA would the infringing material from your servers with all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not have to comply. I am providing this notice in gooder faith of et infringina lastus and with the reasonable belief that my miranda rights my company owns are being infringed. Under penalty of a jury I certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and accurate, and I have the assthority to act on behalf of the of the TPP copyright(s) involved heretofore. Moreover. Should you wish to discuss this with me please chicken chicken chicken[1] me directly. You are thanks. Sasha 77 Massachusetts Avenue Cambridge, MA 02142 206-911-0505 talk@ddtek.biz [1] http://isotropic.org/papers/chicken.pdf PS You can pay the sheep in. We promis to come to them treatment gently. __ _ .-.' `; `-._ __ _ (_, .-:' `; `-._ ,'o"( (_, ) (__,-' ,'o"( )> ( (__,-' ) `-'._.--._( ) ||| |||`-'._.--._.-' ||| ||| PS THis is bizdness serial. PS I miss terribly the sandstone pet of rock that named sandy is. Softness fo sandstone was the best of rock pets that i knew ever biblicallee.
Defcon 20 Quals Started
irc: 140.197.217.10:6667 #quals
gameboard: no longer available.
Amongst data breaches and misc 'leakage', not necessarily digital, DEFCON CTF continues at DEFCON XX
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
1 APRIL 2012
DEFCON CTF QUALIFIER ANNOUNCED
Defense Diutinus Technologies Corp (ddtek) is pleased to announce the round of qualification for DEFON 20 CTF... DEFCON XX, it's two-thirds sheepornographic!
In case you have been under a rock, DEFCON 20 is poised to be the largest it has ever been, thousands and thousands of hackers, high-end entertainment and non-stop action to rival m3rc's in romps New Zealand's sheep country.
So get your 50 gal. discount lube handy (use coupon code DDTEKNEEDZLUBEZ) and get ready to be pwned...the no-holds-barred competition for these coveted spots will be held over 48 non-stop hours 1-3 June (US time zones).
The qualification round will require teams to demonstrate the superiority of cyber, security, and hacking across a vast realm of security knowledge, practice and CISSP DRE exam prep questions.
DT asked DDT to grow the CTF. So we have. We are pre-qualifying winners of other CTFs around the globe to bring a smackdown of epic proportions this August.
As always, last year's champion, the Euopean Nopsled Team, is granted automatic entry. There are so many CTFs on the circuit these days, we seek to incorporate only the best of the best.
So, random, wandering sheep have selected the following CTFs using a scientifically proven "pin the tail on the m3rc" (role reversal--who knew?) method.
Last year the iCTF and Codegate winners demonstrated that winners of these CTFs were worthy of returning, additionally we invite victors from NCCDC, HitB, PhDays, nuit du hack, RuCTFE, and Defcon 19 oCTF.
The winners of said competitions have reserved seats at this year's show.
While DEFCON refuses to sell-out to corporate sponsorship, DT is personally covering two rooms per team at the majestic RIO hotel Thursday-Sunday for each team.
In honor of DC XX we're upping the number of tables in Vegas to 20 total. Yes, when the dust clears the _20_ best will be invited to join us this summer in sin city for the annual DEFCON deathmatch. It wouldn't be fair to reduce the number of spots available to the public at large, so 10 teams will qualify in open quals this June.
Reg is at ddtek.biz. Only those that pre-register for quals are permitted entry. Each individual should register. The first member of each team to register will receive a team code to privately share with other mates as they register. Just go to the dam site and register. It's not hard (registration that is), and lusers that can't bother themselves to register in the next eight weeks will be required to wear sheep hatz to Defcon (http://bit.ly/HCIQQy). Consider this your first challenge, those that successfully register will receive 5 schrute bucks (Schrute buck to bitcoin to sheepantler to qualpoint conversion scale will be available at a later date).
Registration site: CLOSED.
Registration opens: 01 Apr 2012 00:00:00 UTC
Registration ends: 01 Jun 2012 00:00:00 UTC
Qualifications open: 02 Jun 2012 00:00:00 UTC
Qualification ends: 04 Jun 2012 00:00:00 UTC
Labian links for those that can't successfully convert timezones:
http://bit.ly/GZu9Wt
http://bit.ly/GZuckQ
http://bit.ly/nrXBPi
https://www.defcon.org/html/defcon-20/dc-20-ctf.html
https://forum.defcon.org/showthread.php?t=12796
For those mathy types, you'll notice that one seat is not accounted for, stay tuned for a surprise announcement during quals weekend.
More infoz will follow via your registered email address.
Vulc@n
Difensiva Senior Engineer, GIAC-OFFENSIVE
Diuntinus Defense Technologies, plc., Co., Gmbh., Inc.
Sasha has too much time on her hands
Stay tuned
check back later for infoz on DefCon's Capture the LULZ, 2011, brought to you by ddtek.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement The scientist who won a Nobel prize for her work in first identifying HIV says she at last believes finding a cure for the virus which causes Aids might be possible. French virologist Francoise Barre-Sinoussi said she could not put a timescale on when it might be found but scientists were developing promising new tools. Over 30 million people have died from HIV/AIDS since it was first identified in 1981. Since then there has been a number of prevention and treatment breakthroughs so that people with HIV can expect to live a relatively normal lifespan - providing they have access to the correct drugs. "The reason why we are talking about a cure today is because we have some evidence that it might be possible," Professor Barre-Sinoussi told Tim Franks on the BBC's HARDtalk programme. Until recently medical researchers had virtually given up the pursuit of a cure but the experiences of two patients now suggest to many scientists that it may be achievable. 'Proof of concept' One man, the so-called Berlin patient, apparently has cleared his HIV infection, albeit by arduous bone marrow transplants. More recently, a 50-year-old man in Trenton, New Jersey, underwent a far less difficult gene therapy procedure. Combating HIV has proved one of the great challenges for science While he was not cured, his body was able to briefly control the virus after he stopped taking the usual antiviral drugs, something that is highly unusual. Professor Barre-Sinoussi said of the Berlin patient case: "It turns out today that after two bone marrow transplants we can say we cannot detect the virus anymore in his body. "It is a proof of concept somehow that we did not have before." There are two main approaches to finding a cure. One is to seek the complete eradication of HIV from the body. The other, a functional cure, would not eliminate the virus but would allow a person to remain healthy without antiviral drugs. Currently a patient is required to take antiviral drugs every day. This is costly and drugs are not so readily available in poorer countries. New tools "The reason why we are pushing for a cure is the fact that we know it is a life-long treatment. We know that it is of course very difficult for universal access, for treatment for all. "We know as well that there is a small proportion of patients that on long-term treatment are developing complications so that means we need to have new tools for the future," she said. In 2008 she was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, together with her former mentor, Luc Montagnier, for their discovery of HIV. She will shortly take up the post of President of the International Aids Society. In her new role she will continue to be a stoic defender of funding for research which in many countries is under threat because of the economic climate. She has in the past spoken of being "upset and furious" about cuts to international funding for tackling HIV. While it is hoped securing funding for research will bring a cure for HIV closer, Professor Barre-Sinoussi is reluctant to commit herself as to how close we are in time to that moment that scientists have waited so long to arrive. "I cannot answer this question if I am honest. A scientist should be honest in my opinion. We don't know." HARDtalk is broadcast on the BBC News Channel on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 0030 and 0430 BST and on the BBC World News Channel on Monday to Thursday at 0330, 0830, 1530 and 2030 GMT.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Furniture flies in J&K Assembly as PDP members 'throw chairs' and CM Omar slams 'shameful behaviour'
Ruckus was the order of the day in the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly on Tuesday with the Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) accusing the Omar Abdullah government of excluding PDP strongholds while creating new administrative units.
As PDP members rushed to the Well, flung chairs and raised anti-government slogans, Assembly marshals had to be called in.
PDP legislator Mushtaq Ahmad Shah was pulled out from his chair by the marshals who forcibly dragged him out of the House.
Marshals and security men stop PDP MLAs who were trying to disrupt the proceedings in the J&K assembly in Jammu on Tuesday
The injured legislator was later rushed to the Government Medical College Hospital in Jammu for treatment.
The PDP has been up in arms ever since the National Conference-Congress coalition government decided to create 659 new administrative units in the state early this month.
While the Congress was reportedly opposed to the idea, Chief Minister Abdullah had threatened to pull out of the coalition if a decision on it was not reached and report not tabled. This forced the Congress to fall in line.
However, the PDP dubbed the decision "populist", alleging that it was aimed at benefiting the ruling alliance.
The brewing trouble reached a crescendo on Tuesday during the Assembly session in Jammu, with heated exchanges between the ruling and Opposition legislators.
Leading the Opposition charge PDP president Mehbooba Mufti alleged: "At the fag-end of its tenure this regime has created chaos in the state by pitching one area against the other."
She found support in independent MLA Engineer Rashid who shouted at NC members, saying: "People of Kashmir voted for you, but your party National Conference is stabbing Kashmiris in their back."
A heated exchange ensued between Rashid and the Minister for Higher Education Muhammad Akbar Lone. The pandemonium forced the Speaker, Mubarak Gul, to adjourn the House.
The CM, who was not in the House, took the Twitter route to express his displeasure.
"Want to see shameful behaviour of elected representatives - check out the Opposition in the J&K Assembly standing on tables," Abdullah tweeted.
COAT AND SWEATER: PRADA. STYLING: ALASTAIR MCKIMM. HAIR: DUFFY/STREETERS. MAKEUP: MARK CARRASQUILLO/STREETERS. MANICURE: YUKIE MIYAKAWA USING DIOR BEAUTY/KATE RYAN. SET DESIGN: PIERS HANMER. PRODUCER: CAROLINE STRIDFELDT/LOLA PRODUCTION. PRODUCTION MANAGER: TERESA BERGEY. RETOUCHING: GLOSS STUDIO NEW YORK. DIGITAL TECHNICIAN: NICHOLAS ONG. SPECIAL THANKS: RED HOOK LABS.
AGE: 23.
HOMETOWN: Born in Guyana. Grew up in London.
UP NEXT: As the ass-kicking Princess Shuri in Marvel's Black Panther, with Chadwick Boseman and Lupita Nyong'o; in the Steven Spielberg-directed sci-fi thriller Ready Player One; and in The Commuter, with Liam Neeson.
FIRST TIME ACTING: My teacher had after-school acting classes and she invited me to come. I was like, “What is this dancing around and jumping thing?” Then we did a play for Black History Month. I booked the lead role of Rosa Parks. I did this American accent that I didn't think I could do, but I did it, and I was like, “Okay, this is cool.” Professionally, I started at sixteen. I took a picture in my bathroom and started sending it to agents, putting all my primary school CV stuff together, pretending like it was an actual CV, but someone saw it and someone gave me a chance. Since then I've been trying to build a good body of work.
THEATER VS. FILM: I love theater—it's where every actor should begin, the core of acting. But I feel that there's something about film that's captivating; it takes you to another place and you get to really be so connected with it. And because film connected so much with me, when I'm on camera I want to make someone else feel the same way.
CHOOSING ROLES: For me it starts with the story. Does it feel real? Is it truthful? It's great when people are open-minded and not into putting everybody in a box. I think the more open-minded people we have—like casting directors and producers—the better things are going to be.
ENTERING THE MARVEL UNIVERSE: I wasn't really into comics, but I started to get more into it as I was auditioning. And then I realized Shuri, my character, has such a major arc in the comic books. To see a female character in that position is amazing. So I was like, “Where have I been all these years?” To be able to play that character has been such a blessing.
ON SHURI: She's princess of Wakanda, but also she designs all of the new technology there. She has an innovative spirit and an innovative mind, and she wants to take Wakanda to a new place. Also, she has a great fashion sense, better than mine. She's so vibrant; a beautiful spirit, but also so focused on what she does. And that's good for other people to see, especially for young people to see, because it's like, “Look, there's a young black girl who loves technology and she's from Africa.” It's something refreshing.
ON-SET BONDING DURING THE COMMUTER: I tried to teach Liam how to do an ollie on my skateboard, but he was like, “No.”
WORKING WITH SPIELBERG: My first time on set, before he got there, everybody started whispering: “The gov is coming.” I was like, “Who's the gov?” They're like: “It's Spielberg!” He got there and introduced himself: “My name is Steven.” I was like, “This is weird.” But it was great.
BEST ADVICE: I met Naomie Harris last year, and she said to me, “If you carry yourself like a superstar, everybody will treat you that way. But if you keep yourself grounded and humble, then everybody will be chill.” It's about what energy you give off.
OFF-SET BINGING: Netflix is my homepage.
IF NOT ACTING: I'd be doing something in psychology. I studied it in college. I'm very interested in the human mind, what's going on in there.
For more from our “Youth in Revolt” portfolio, click here.
For many of the biggest and most expensive operations of the federal government, there is no private sector analog from which to take good ideas or best practices. For instance, no one in the private sector manages a nuclear arsenal. That's what many people in the Department of Energy do. And no one in the private sector makes plans and conducts operations for the defense of Europe. That's what they do over at the Pentagon.
And the federal government doesn't actually “do” much of what it pays for. In a whole host of areas, from clean water to drug counseling, the federal government sends money to states and localities where other government officials or private-sector contractors actually do the work. Tackling the opioid crisis is a very laudable goal, but the front lines in that fight are staffed by local law enforcement officials and drug counselors. Other than sending more money through the federal pipeline, there are limits to what can be done from Washington.
How can private-sector leaders be most helpful? When I helped Vice President Al Gore run the Clinton administration's reinventing government initiative, we met with many corporate executives—especially ones who were famous for turnarounds. The first thing we learned was that it was near impossible to do a successful turnaround without the buy-in of the workers. I suspect that this advice still holds, even though it is now 24 years old. So far, the Trump administration has gone out of its way to insult federal workers in its attempts to “drain the swamp.” They will soon learn what all the feds know—the bureaucracy pre-dates and outlasts individual presidents.
The second thing we learned was that most corporate executives were horrified at the constraints under which the average government manager works. From the outdated civil-service rules and salaries that will not let them hire the talent they need, to budget rules that made the movement of money within agencies nearly impossible, federal managers are handcuffed in ways that few CEOs in private-sector organizations are. If Trump's effort does nothing more than build a consensus in the Republican Party for “normalizing” the civil service and making budget rules more flexible, it will be a success.
This is not to say that the federal government can't learn from the private sector—it can. But the best opportunities are at the operational level. The Army's motor pool can probably learn a great deal from Hertz and Avis about keeping cars clean, reliable, and available. Those who want to improve health services for veterans can surely learn a great deal from those who run large, complex hospital systems.
There are, no doubt, many good ideas out there for improving government operations. But they need to be implemented and not just articulated. And that takes a fully staffed-out government. The Trump White House has barely begun to fill the critical second layer of government that is so important to the implementation of such initiatives.
Appearance-based interventions can have a positive impact on individual skin health and protection behaviors.1 The UV camera now provides 3-dimensional, multispectral imaging and analysis and has become an invaluable tool in dermatologic practices. Mounting evidence suggests that UV photography may be the most effective intervention to affect sun exposure behavior.1-3 For instance, UV photography performed on middle-school children demonstrated that sun damage correlated with phenotypic melanoma risk factors.2 A randomized clinical trial in university students showed that a UV photography intervention resulted in significantly stronger sun protection intentions (P < .01) and greater sun protection behaviors (P < .05).3 These findings demonstrate the importance of broadening the use of UV photography to improve skin health.
While many have advocated expanding the medical use of UV photography, one company, Mychelle Dermaceuticals, in Louisville, Colorado, uses UV photography for product promotion and public health education.1-3 The Visia Complexion Analysis Program began in 2011, with an exclusive partnership with Whole Foods Market. Under this program, a Visia UV camera, which costs approximately $20 000, was purchased jointly by Mychelle Dermaceuticals and Whole Foods Market and placed in the Whole Body skin care product section of selected Whole Foods Market stores (Figure). The UV camera, which provides an objective method for customers to measure the effectiveness of their skin care products, is staffed by a trained company specialist. The UV camera programs, which piloted in the US Rocky Mountain Region, is currently in 47 locations across the United States including California, Utah, New Mexico, Idaho, Colorado, Texas, Nebraska, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Illinois, Michigan, North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, and Massachusetts. In addition, the company has 3 Visia machines in the United Kingdom and plans for further global expansion including Norway and Australia. This marketing campaign was launched in the retail environment for maximum exposure to customers.
Figure. UV Camera Scan “in Action” This photograph demonstrates a trained UV camera operator performing a complimentary UV facial scan for a client (reprinted with permission from Mychelle Dermaceuticals).
An “in-store” consultation is complimentary and consists of a UV photograph and tailored-product recommendation. The UV camera operators are mostly estheticians, who undergo a specific 10-step education certificate training program. The training program emphasizes that no diagnoses should be made; clients with specific diagnostic issues are referred to a dermatologist with their Visia results. The UV camera scan is broken down into an “8-point facial scan profile,” which captures visual information for 8 areas: visible spots, wrinkles and fine lines, texture, pores, UV spots, brown spots, vascular areas, and porphyrins and bacterial secretions. Clients are given a quantitative score for each area and a physical copy of their scan to take home. In addition, the technology provides an age and ethnicity-matched score for comparison. Each scan is saved in the computer database under name and birth date. A tailored skin care regimen is recommended, and clients are encouraged to come back for a follow-up scan in 3 to 6 months. At their follow-up visit, clients are able to view their “before” and “after” scans side by side. A “cloud” technology is under development that enables clients to go to any participating store worldwide to access their scan results. In their “My Before and My After” program, clients consent to the use of their 8-point profile changes for promotional and educational purposes. The “UV spots” component of the scan, which reveals accumulated UV photodamage, delivers a particularly strong message to consumers and has the ability to inspire change. For the first time in most people's lives, objective evidence provides the “proof” that sun protection is an essential, life-long responsibility to ensure health and vitality, and the knowledge comes at no monetary cost to the consumer.
While this article is not meant as a promotional tool for a particular skin care company, the potential impact of this program is remarkable. For the first time, UV photography is available in grocery stores as a complimentary tool for consumers to make informed and objective decisions about their skin care and sun protection habits. Imagine the impact of this knowledge. Perhaps community outreach in schools can decrease future sun seeking habits of children and parents alike. Perhaps skin cancer, which is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in the United States, could be reduced dramatically.4 Perhaps the one person who currently dies from melanoma every 57 minutes will instead lead a long and fulfilling life.5 Perhaps the 1 million Americans who currently use indoor UV tanning each day will make a smarter decision to reduce their risk of cancer.6 Perhaps it could change the culture of “everyone looks better with a tan” to “tanning causes wrinkles, sun spots, and makes you look older than you are.” The potential is best said by Nelson Mandela: “education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.”7
Back to top Article Information
Corresponding Author: Robert P. Dellavalle, MD, PhD, MSPH, Dermatology Service, Department of Veteran Affairs Medical Center, 1055 Clermont St, PO Box 165, Denver, CO 80220 (robert.dellavalle@ucdenver.edu).
Published Online: April 23, 2014. doi:10.1001/jamadermatol.2013.10279.
Conflict of Interest Disclosures: Dr Dellavalle is employed by The US Department of Veterans Affairs, which had no role in this study. No other disclosures are reported
Additional Contributions: Catie Wiggy, Mychelle Dermaceuticals director of education and Visia program, provided all company information and promotional materials. Chris Smith, MD, Flatirons Dermatology, Broomfield, Colorado, and Lindsay Boyers, BA, Georgetown University School of Medicine, Washington, DC, provided suggestions in the critical revision of our manuscript.
If you happen to have bought donkey meat at a Chinese Walmart recently, listen up: you should probably return it for a refund, because it most likely contains meat from other animals, Reuters is reporting.
This might all sound rather odd, but donkey meat is apparently a popular food in some parts of China, where 2.4 million of them were slaughtered in 2011. The Shandong Food and Drug Administration claims that there were traces of fox meat along with the donkey, which was sold with a "five spice" flavoring.
Walmart has been looking to expand in a major way in the country, with plans to open 110 new outposts there within the next few years. The company plans on investigating, tightening their food safety standards, and taking legal action against the supplier.
"We are deeply sorry for this whole affair," Walmart's China president and CEO, Greg Foran, told Reuters. "It is a deep lesson (for us) that we need to continue to increase investment in supplier management."
With the NFL Scouting Combine beginning on Feb. 17, Mike Mayock unveils the first of his position-by-position rankings for the 2015 NFL Draft.
Quarterback
1. Jameis Winston, Florida State
2. Marcus Mariota, Oregon
3. Bryce Petty, Baylor
4. Brett Hundley, UCLA
5. Garrett Grayson, Colorado State
Running back
1. Melvin Gordon, Wisconsin
2. Todd Gurley, Georgia
3. Ameer Abdullah, Nebraska
4. Duke Johnson, Miami (Fla.)
5. Tevin Coleman, Indiana
Wide receiver
1. Kevin White, West Virginia
2. Amari Cooper, Alabama
3. DeVante Parker, Louisville
4. Dorial Green-Beckham, Missouri
5. Devin Funchess, Michigan
Tight end
1. Maxx Williams, Minnesota
2. Clive Walford, Miami (Fla.)
3. Nick O'Leary, Florida State
4. Tyler Kroft, Rutgers
5. Ben Koyack, Notre Dame
Interior offensive linemen
1. Brandon Scherff, Iowa
2. Cameron Erving, Florida State
3. Laken Tomlinson, Duke
4. A.J. Cann, South Carolina
5. Tre' Jackson, Florida State
Offensive tackle
1. T.J. Clemmings, Pittsburgh
2. Andrus Peat, Stanford
3. La'el Collins, LSU
4. Ereck Flowers, Miami (Fla.)
5t. Cedric Ogbuehi, Texas A&M
5t. D.J. Humphries, Florida
Interior defensive linemen
1. Leonard Williams, USC
2. Danny Shelton, Washington
3. Malcom Brown, Texas
4. Arik Armstead, Oregon
5t. Jordan Phillips, Oklahoma
5t. Eddie Goldman, Florida State
Edge rusher
1. Dante Fowler, Jr., Florida
2. Randy Gregory, Nebraska
3. Shane Ray, Missouri
4. Vic Beasley, Clemson
5. Bud Dupree, Kentucky
Linebacker
1. Paul Dawson, TCU
2. Benardrick McKinney, Mississippi State
3. Denzel Perryman, Miami (Fla.)
4. Eric Kendricks, UCLA
5. Stephone Anthony, Clemson
Cornerback
1. Trae Waynes, Michigan State
2. Marcus Peters, Washington
3. Jalen Collins, LSU
4. P.J. Williams, Florida State
5. Kevin Johnson, Wake Forest
Safety
1. Landon Collins, Alabama
2. Shaq Thompson, Washington
3. Derron Smith, Fresno State
4. Jaquiski Tartt, Samford
5. Ibraheim Campbell, Northwestern
Egypt's al-Sisi Orders Military Protection at All Vital Structures and Churches Following ISIS Bombings
Egyptian President Abdel al-Sisi ordered protection at all vital structures and Christian churches following the bombing attacks on Sunday.
The Islamic State murdered 43 Christians in two different attacks on Coptic Churches in Egypt on Palm Sunday.
Including one little baby girl who attended mass with her mother.
The baby girl had blood running from her ears.
In December 2015 Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi became the first president to visit a Christian Church on Christmas.
El-Sisi visited St. Mark Cathedral and spoke to the congregation on Christmas day.
His speech was interrupted by applause from the jubilant congregation.
Al-Sisi declared a state of emergency following the ISIS bombings Sunday.
The Daily Sabah reported:
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ordered military deployments to protect “vital and important infrastructure” after Daesh bombings hit two churches on Sunday, killing dozens of people. “President Sisi… has decided to order the military to deploy protection units to guard vital and important infrastructure in all the republic's provinces,” a statement from the presidency said. Daesh claimed responsibility for bombing two Egyptian churches as worshippers gathered to mark Palm Sunday, killing at least 43 people in the deadliest attacks on the Coptic Christian minority in recent memory. The attacks followed a Cairo church bombing in December and came weeks before a planned visit by Catholic Pope Francis intended to show support for Egypt's Christian minority.
– Eric Bischoff recently appeared on Main Event Radio, here are the highlights…
What went wrong with TNA/Impact Wrestling?: I try to put them both out of my mind so I couldn't tell you. No comment. I'm in the middle of a lawsuit with them so I can't really comment.
Any positive memories from his time in TNA?: I don't have any.
AJ Styles, Samoa Joe, and Bobby Roode now in WWE: You name three guys who are probably the one bright spot of my time in that other organization. There are all 3 some of the most quality people as human beings and as professionals. I'm thrilled to death for AJ Styles as I am for Samoa Joe. I think Bobby Roode is probably one of the most under-estimated, the highest potential talents that WWE could get their hands on so I'm thrilled to death for him. I won't say that Samoa Joe is underrated because most people recognize what a special athlete he is, but if you get to know him on a personal level you cannot find a better person so I'm thrilled to death.
Does Garrett [Bischoff] still wrestle?: “He's doing great. He's not still wrestling. He transitioned out of wrestling when I did. He has a great career now, lives down in Florida, he's married, and he's doing well.”
Would he ever return to WWE as a General Manager or for a one-time appearance?: Highly doubtful. Because I haven't gotten a call. And I'm a little busy; I've got stuff going on. Not to be coy or cute, I think that time has passed. I had a great time, I worked there for 5 years and it was one of the highlights of my career. Times change, people change. I think a character like mine I'd come back for a week or two or three but then after that people would get tired and say this is the ‘same old, same old' kind of thing.
Is he done in wrestling?: Never say never. If the right opportunity and by that I mean something that was exciting and felt fresh. Something that I believed that the fans would really appreciate and that I would have fun doing. I'd love to be back. Because I love the business and a lot of the people in it. I've spent a lot of time in the business, I've done a lot of things. It would take something pretty unique to get me excited. It's really gratifying to see after all these years, and I've been in the business for 30 years, and after all of these years to see fans wearing nWo shirts and fans of WCW who still remember make me feel good.
Rock star Ted Nugent defended President Trump on "The Fox News Specialists" Thursday in the wake of several controversies that have cast a shadow on the White House during the past week.
Nugent slammed the press, saying a "whole army" of media are "out for blood" against Trump.
"It's an overall movement, and the movement of the media and academia and the left and the Democrats overall is just Saul Alinsky berserk," Nugent commented.
Trump is doing the right thing by using Twitter to communicate with the public, Nugent said, since he needs a way to circumvent the vicious "fake news" media.
The music legend praised Trump's loyal base, saying, "His base are the best people in the world. I know his base. I work with his base."
"His base is supporting a retaliatory strike by a guy who's abused by the industry, by the media, the academia, and government prior. I salute that," he concluded.
Watch the segment above and check out Nugent's appearance on "Fox & Friends" below.
Bolling: WaPo, NYT Should Be 'Ashamed' of Their Reporting
Bret Baier: Trump Seemed 'Undeterred' at Lunch With Reporters
Limbaugh: Where Are Comey's Memos From Meetings With Obama?
(Image: ESO/J.-L. Beuzit et al./SPHERE Consortium)
This Eye of Sauron is the magnificent ringed star HR 4796A, in the southern constellation of Centaurus. It is one of the first images produced by SPHERE, the Spectro-Polarimetric High-contrast Exoplanet Research instrument, installed last month on the ESO's Very Large Telescope atop Cerro Paranal in Chile.
To a typical optical telescope, HR 4796A's dark centre is a blazing disk of starlight that swamps the weaker glow of the dust ring. SPHERE filters out the star's light to acquire exceptionally sharp images like this. The instrument also corrects for the effects of Earth's atmosphere and can differentiate between starlight and a planet's glow, on the basis of the colour and polarisation of light. These talents will allow SPHERE to discover planets orbiting distant stars and study them with spectacular clarity.
The Marvel Big Shots campaign is looking at relaunching a series of relatively B-list characters, Moon Knight, Punisher, and Daredevil.
Brian Bendis and Alex Maleev on Moon Knight for May has already been announced.
Bleeding Cool reckons that the creative team for The Punisher #1, to be announced is Greg Rucka and Marco Checchetto, with Laura Martin on colours.
But what about Daredevil?
I'm told the creative team is Mark Waid and Paolo Rivera. Waid is one of the most respected comic book writers in the industry today, with an editorial background and a life steeped in the minutia of comics trivia. He was editor-in-chief for Boom! and wrote a number of books titled with adjectives beginning with I, Incredibles, Irredeemable and Incorruptible. He's recently helped revive the CrossGen brand for Marvel working on Ruse, out today.
Paolo Rivera has worked on Mythos, Spider-Man, Daredevil and Fantastic Four for Marvel. Expect a lot of cheering from these announcements at C2E2.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Factom is pleased to announce that we have released our Factom Federation Testnet (FF) Release Candidate 1 (RC1). Formerly referred to as M2. FF is a preliminary version of our software that we would like the community to test with us.
We have spent the last several months testing it ourselves and believe it is now robust enough to debut to the world. However, we encourage our community to hammer on it till it breaks.
If you would like to participate, you will need some command line skills and be familiar with the Go programming language. Also, you will need to compile the Factom binaries on your local machine and an installation of Go.
Description
RC1 will demonstrate multi-leader consensus. We have redesigned our system so multiple federated servers will be cooperating. In the case a federated server goes down, an audit server will take its place.
Factom Federation (FF) adds several new features.
Distributed servers
A peer to peer network
Higher throughput
More user feedback via the Graphic Control Panel
Confirmations in milliseconds
Please keep in mind that this is a testnet, real Factoids are still running on Factom Genesis. In the future the blockchain from Factom Genesis will be ported over to run with the Factom Federation software.
How to Get Started
We will be rapidly updating FF so please see our Community Tester Directions M2 Guide for the most up-to-date install directions. These directions are optimized for Linux, but may work with some modifications for Mac or Windows.
First, you must have golang installed and the ability to compile source code. Factom has been tested on the latest version: 1.7.3. If you do not have golang installed, the Prepare Operating System section of this guide may help.
Check your version of golang in a terminal by running this:
> go version go1.7.3 linux/amd64
Warning
If you are running Factom Genesis, testing out Factom Federation (FF) will disrupt your existing installation. We suggest running it in a virtual machine in this case.
If you have difficulties or the factoid address is empty please email us or contact us on Github
Note
The testnet factoids and entry credits have no value outside the FF testnet.
Step 1 – Install factomd, and the support programs
Run these commands from a terminal window:
> go get -v github.com/FactomProject/factomd > go get -v github.com/FactomProject/factom-cli > go get -v github.com/FactomProject/factom-walletd > go get -v github.com/FactomProject/netki-go-partner-client > go get -v github.com/FactomProject/go-bip44
The above commands will give an error messages. Don't worry this is expected.
In a terminal navigate to $GOPATH/src/github.com/FactomProject/factomd run the all.sh script.
This goes into each repository and tries to checkout the m2-rc1 git branch if it exists and pulls the latest commits. If on Windows, this can be done manually if needed.
> cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/FactomProject/factomd > ./all.sh m2-rc1 ********************************************************* * Checking out the m2-rc1 branch * ./all.sh <branch> <default> * * Will try to check out <branch>, will default * to <default>, and if neither exists, nor are * missing, will check out the master branch. * ********************************************************* factomd now on m2-rc1 factom now on m2-rc1 web now on m2-rc1 go-spew defaulting to master go-bip39 now on m2-rc1 go-bip32 defaulting to master go-bip44 defaulting to master bolt defaulting to master Testing not found btcutil now on m2-rc1 goleveldb defaulting to master FactomDocs not found gocoding defaulting to master btclog not found dynrsrc defaulting to master ed25519 defaulting to master fastsha256 not found go-flags not found go-socks not found seelog not found snappy-go defaulting to master websocket not found factom-cli now on m2-rc1 factom-walletd now on m2-rc1 serveridentity defaulting to master ******************************************************** * Compiling fctwallet, the cli, and factomd ******************************************************** Compiling: factomd Compiling: factom-cli Compiling: factom-walletd
At this point you now have factomd, factom-walletd, and factom-cli binaries. You can stop the test section of the script when it says it is safe to Ctrl+C.
Note
Mac users can navigate to each of the folders that show “now on m2-rc1” above and run “git checkout m2-rc1; git pull” in each. After that run “go install” in the folders:
$GOPATH/src/github.com/FactomProject/factomd
$GOPATH/src/github.com/FactomProject/factom-cli
$GOPATH/src/github.com/FactomProject/factom-walletd
Step 2 – Run factomd
In a terminal window, run
> factomd
Next, factomd needs to be restarted a minute or so after it finishes downloading the blockchain. Use Ctrl+C to close factomd. Use the control panel to see the block downloading progress.
Browse to http://localhost:8090 to see the Node Visualizer for your local Factom node.
In the terminal where factomd is running, type s then <enter> to get even more detailed information on your node's status.
Step 3 – Move Factoids
In a new terminal run the new API wallet.
> factom-walletd
In a 3rd terminal run factom-cli with the below command:
> factom-cli importaddress Fs1KWJrpLdfucvmYwN2nWrwepLn8ercpMbzXshd1g8zyhKXLVLWj
This should import the below address to your local wallet.
FA1zT4aFpEvcnPqPCigB3fvGu4Q4mTXY22iiuV69DqE1pNhdF2MC
Then generate your own local Factoid Address.
> factom-cli newfctaddress FA28PitepUziaDrLeVAcioNfzHdBc7mvyJJHvag2vyhWm7JR3t8S
The new factoid address will be custom to your wallet and different from the above.
Then run the below to list the addresses in your wallet:
> factom-cli listaddresses FA1zT4aFpEvcnPqPCigB3fvGu4Q4mTXY22iiuV69DqE1pNhdF2MC 1000 FA28PitepUziaDrLeVAcioNfzHdBc7mvyJJHvag2vyhWm7JR3t8S 0
Then send some testnet FCT to your own FCT address to get some Entry Credits at a later step.
> factom-cli sendfct FA1zT4aFpEvcnPqPCigB3fvGu4Q4mTXY22iiuV69DqE1pNhdF2MC FA28PitepUziaDrLeVAcioNfzHdBc7mvyJJHvag2vyhWm7JR3t8S 1.234 TxID: 0de09676c65ad18179c5a27cfbfae4f0392a42773b4024aed71eca937f7ce7a6
The sendfct command moved the factoids from the first address to the second. This example moved 1.234 factoids. Please do not take all the testing factoids, as they are a shared resource and with 1 FCT you get plenty of ECs to test with.
Finally check your balance with the below command.
> factom-cli listaddresses FA1zT4aFpEvcnPqPCigB3fvGu4Q4mTXY22iiuV69DqE1pNhdF2MC 998.686008 FA28PitepUziaDrLeVAcioNfzHdBc7mvyJJHvag2vyhWm7JR3t8S 1.234
Here we see that the factoids are now in a new address. The movement also shows up in the control panel. Step 4 – Make Entries Generate a new Entry Credit address. > factom-cli newecaddress EC27kDNpFcJQwvdpFXaXjPqhtDSf6VK8kRN8Fv7EkhvS9tVkuAfX
Get some Entry Credits to be able to make entries.
> factom-cli buyec FA28PitepUziaDrLeVAcioNfzHdBc7mvyJJHvag2vyhWm7JR3t8S EC27kDNpFcJQwvdpFXaXjPqhtDSf6VK8kRN8Fv7EkhvS9tVkuAfX 30 TxID: f378ef393897d5cc5ef910eb3c9aeea5988dfdbb8b94a6cc6a31c5876f629b6a
Create a chain to make entries into.
> echo "first testnet chain" | factom-cli addchain -e chainName EC27kDNpFcJQwvdpFXaXjPqhtDSf6VK8kRN8Fv7EkhvS9tVkuAfX Commiting Chain Transaction ID: c1a2861d14b788c13d6c48f1e5603f5c53afc599d07d338deeb4c3d5012e24da ChainID: a4ab1e2ef212208b3513c5f06fcdcfa79b7c2b610526ce2dc374bb789700a791 Entryhash: 232d1e54ecdfc369cc66e35dda73ce4beb7dffd3e75af94192034e79beaf6c8f
Make an entry in the newly created chain.
> echo "second entry in the first chain" | factom-cli addentry -c a4ab1e2ef212208b3513c5f06fcdcfa79b7c2b610526ce2dc374bb789700a791 EC27kDNpFcJQwvdpFXaXjPqhtDSf6VK8kRN8Fv7EkhvS9tVkuAfX Commiting Entry Transaction ID: 1d6b9d7159a27b91cd389738eb2b3b01143aaaf39ef46388f47abb8b32698811 ChainID: a4ab1e2ef212208b3513c5f06fcdcfa79b7c2b610526ce2dc374bb789700a791 Entryhash: 2460e676d4f4c89ccf0608b2e3134421b9075fb956af76c02af78991e6faafdc
Step 5 – Read Entries
Read entries with the get allentries command.
> factom-cli get allentries a4ab1e2ef212208b3513c5f06fcdcfa79b7c2b610526ce2dc374bb789700a791
This guide is intended for people who want to get involved early and feedback is welcome. You are invited to submit issues directly to our devs on Github issues or email us directly. Further documentation will be made available as we progress with testnet and release updates.
Thank you all for your support and interest in Factom and open source software. Stay tuned for the latest updates by subscribing to our newsletter or follow us on Twitter!
Have a great day,
The Factom Team
Piñatas are brilliant. They are a PRESENT for EVERYONE that you hit with a STICK. Not much is better than that. In fact, ALL gifts should be given in a piñata. Sure, that means on Christmas morning your new Xbox might be smashed into a thousand pieces, but blame the folks at Microsoft who shipped a product that wasn't piñata-proof (the true test of quality).
Have you ever been in charge of filling a piñata? Let me tell you, it's a true test of character. Are you going to stuff it with the cheapest crap you can find or the most premium candy products? Maybe you'll even slip some toys and glowsticks in there? Choose wisely, because in the end, what's inside the piñata is a reflection of who YOU are on the inside, and it's about to be smashed open for everyone to see.
wes
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazil has ordered its air force to document any UFO sightings and make the data available to researchers and the public.
A decree in the official gazette says the air force will register any sightings by military and commercial pilots, along with air traffic controllers.
A spokesman says the air force has UFO archives dating back decades, but there had been no official order on what to do with the material. The spokesman could not be named under air force rules.
All past and future data — whether written reports, photos or video — will be processed by the air force and then housed in the National Archives in Rio de Janeiro.
In the decree published Tuesday, the air force says it will periodically submit UFO reports.
Ferrari has just unveiled LaFerrari. It's the supercar to beat for the next decade, and Porsche, Lamborghini and McLaren are officially on notice.
LaFerrari. It's a name that evokes … nothing. But while it sounds like something you'd ask for at a tanning salon, let's not concern ourselves with such trivialities. After all, this is Ferrari, and the Paisans in Maranello know how to build cars capable of blasting past ludicrous speed.
If you're going to kvetch about the styling, just stop. They've honed the Enzo-successor's shape down the nanometer in the wind tunnel, using decades of Formula One expertise to shape, mold and bend its composite body to the whims of advanced aerodynamics. It's science at 205 mph, coated in carbon fiber and sprayed in a red that only the Prancing Horse can truly pull off.
To reach that top speed, Ferrari has developed a 6.3-liter V12 and mounted it amidships for a 41:59 front-to-rear weight distribution. Seven-hundred-eighty-nine horsepower (read that again, but slower) rockets out of the bent-12 at maximum revolutions – a mind-boggling 9,250 RPM redline – but Ferrari doesn't stop there. Mounted on the back of the seven-speed automated-manual gearbox is an electric motor good for another 161 HP. That brings the total up to a nice, even 950 HP in total – not to mention 660 pound-feet of torque.
All told, the LaFerrari (yes, we know it's redundant) tips the scales at a mere 2,800 pounds. That's enough to get it from zero to 60 MPH in considerably less than three seconds and hit 124 MPH in under seven seconds. And for the real stats junkies out there, note that the LaFerrari laps the automaker's Fiorano test track in under 1:20 – five seconds faster than the $1.2M Ferrari Enzo it replaces.
Ferrari's hybrid system employs a pair of electric motors (one to power the wheels and another to power accessories), while a 132-pound lithium-ion battery pack is strapped to the back of the passenger compartment and sucks in spare energy when clamping down on the four sets of massive carbon ceramic brakes. And naturally, the entire carbon fiber chassis is handmade, both more rigid and lighter than anything Ferrari has ever created.
While Porsche has the upcoming 918 Spyder hybrid, McLaren has its new P1 and Lamborghini has … this thing, LaFerrari's specs and stats will be hard to beat by the powerplayers of the hypercar world. And it's going to be an interesting year, as all four are arriving in the next nine months.
Pricing isn't being released, but something in the $1.2-1.5M range is expected. Not that it matters – all 499 examples have supposedly been spoken for.
Photos and video courtesy of Ferrari.
Dive Brief:
Luminant plans to retire its coal-fired Monticello power plant in Titus County, Texas, in January.
The retirement is contingent upon a 60-day review by the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) to determine if the units are needed for reliability.
Luminant's parent company, Vistra, estimates it will record one-time charges of $20 million to $25 million in the third quarter of 2017 related to the retirement.
Dive Insight:
Luminant's announcement that it plans to retire its Monticello coal plant comes as the debate over the Department of Energy's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NOPR) on providing compensation for baseload generation heats up.
In the most recent development, Energy Secretary Rick Perry defended his action, saying the NOPR is “not a directive” for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which came on the heels of FERC Chairman Robert Powelson's criticism of the plan.
ERCOT would be exempt from any FERC ruling — Texas's power system lies outside of federal jurisdiction. But Luminant's move underscores the marketplace dynamics challenging coal plants and for which the DOE is trying to find a policy remedy.
In the end, Luminant's decision was not based on environmental regulations and policies, but on market economics. “The market's unprecedented low power price environment has profoundly impacted its operating revenues and no longer supports continued investment,” Curt Morgan, Vistra Energy's president and CEO, said in a statement on Monticello's closing.
Luminant said it is continuing its reclamation work at the plant's mines, which ceased operation in the spring of 2016. Monticello was fired by lignite from those mines until about two years ago when the plant began to import Powder River Basin coal from Wyoming.
The Sierra Club welcomed the retirement announcement, saying Monticello was one of the dirtiest coal plants in the United States. The environmental organization said Monticello would be the 259th coal plant to retire or announce retirement in the U.S. since 2010. If three more coal plants retire, the U.S. would have half as many operating coal plants as it did seven years ago, the group said.
Where are the West Coast superheroes? The West Coast Avengers is one of only a handful of entries in the American West-based comic book canon
ANY CASUAL READER of superhero comics will tell you that the vast majority of the action takes place on the American East Coast — mostly in Manhattan (in Marvel Comics), or Metropolis or Gotham (in DC Comics, both surrogates for New York City). And if the action isn't in New York, then it's in some exotic location: Atlantis, outer space, the Savage Land, or Dr. Doom's Latveria. But every once in a while, something happens on the American West Coast. Most notably, this includes the West Coast branch of the Avengers (first called “West Coast Avengers” and then “Avengers West Coast”), the Runaways, the Teen Titans, the Utopia-era X-Men, and Moon Knight. If you were to include everything that happens on the West Coast, the list is fairly long, but also fairly limited: the American West seems to have little geographic or thematic bearing on the content of the stories, and more often acts as an inconsequential backdrop.
Why are there so few superheroes on the West Coast, why so little action in California that actually takes advantage of the place, its themes and its politics? Marvel Comics recently published an omnibus edition of West Coast Avengers, and in the shadow of recent Hollywood interests in superhero franchises, it's worth thinking about why it's so rare to see superheroes in the City of Angels (or, for that matter, anywhere else). Despite over a century of American literature set on the frontier and in the West, superhero comics seem radically detached from these thematic concerns. Except, maybe, the West Coast Avengers.
Advertisement:
In 1984, when the West Coast Avengers made their debut, superhero comics were in the early stages of radical flux. Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons's watershed Watchmen series was still a couple of years off, but a number of significant changes were afoot. The Justice League had been recast with a group of second stringers — replacing Batman, Wonder Woman, and Superman — and relocated to Detroit. Chris Claremont and John Byrne had been working on Uncanny X-Men, and Byrne alone had been writing and drawing Fantastic Four. The idea of the crossover had just taken hold, and the preceding year had been dominated by Secret Wars, the first of these market-driven narrative events that would come to consume Marvel and DC in years to come. Still on the horizon was the market speculation of the early 1990s, when superstar young artists left Marvel and DC to start Image comics; and so too was the turn to ‘adult' comics, with imprints like DC's Vertigo, which included Neil Gaiman's Sandman, Alan Moore's Swamp Thing, and Grant Morrison's Doom Patrol and Animal Man. The mid-1980s were the end of the Silver Age of comics. This end of the Silver Age has been thought about in a number of ways (see Bradford Wright's Comic Book Nation, for example), but one indication of its ending was the decentering of the Marvel and DC universes revolving around New York and the American East Coast.
This might be read as part of a broader economic and ideological shift in the offing, with Ronald Reagan as US President and the erosion of industrial manufacturing in the East and Midwest replaced with the entertainment industry on the West Coast. And, as we get hints at in Avengers West Coast (hereafter AWC), Silicon Valley was in its infancy — hence billionaire technologist Tony Stark's relocation from Long Island to San Jose. Along with these broader social shifts, American superhero comics were looking for new audiences — audiences outside of the metropolitan East Coast that had dominated readership for so long and provided the industry with a reliable sales base. While DC attempted to appeal to the working-class kids and adults left behind in the emerging Rust Belt, Marvel attempted to participate in the new economy of the American West and to explore the tropes that the West provided.
In the Marvel universe, the Avengers have been based in Manhattan since their inception in the 1960s. They live semi-communally in their headquarters, Avengers Mansion, located on the edge of Central Park on the Upper East Side. The mansion was donated to the Avengers by Tony Stark, otherwise known as Iron Man, and is staffed by butler-of-all-trades, Edwin Jarvis. In the 1980s, one of the members of the Avengers, the android Vision, attempted a world takeover through his connection to global computer systems; by way of securing his bid for global hegemony, he starts the West Coast branch of the Avengers, the idea being that a group of superheroes on the West Coast could enforce his rule if necessary — although this motive is unknown to any of the Avengers. The head of the West Coast Avengers is Clint Barton, the fan-favorite Hawkeye — one of those perplexing superheroes who competes with supervillians with only superior archery skills and a quiver of trick arrows (glue arrows, grenade arrows, magnet arrows, net arrows). The Vision's bid for global supremacy fails, but the marketing device of a second Avengers title is successful, and after a mini-series establishing the team in Los Angeles, Marvel launches West Coast Avengers, which runs for just over 100 issues, from October 1985 until January 1994.
At the age of 12, when I first really started reading comics, the Avengers were what drew me in. I didn't start reading them until 1988, just after the storylines reprinted in this omnibus, but over the next few years I set about collecting the back issues reprinted herein. I'm not sure what I thought of them at the time, but I know I was a Hawkeye fan, and the West Coast Avengers were some of my favorites. Their later battles with the Zodiac — a group of supervillians with powers inspired by the zodiac — were absolutely riveting to me, and I read and reread them on weekends and after school. But the beginning of the Avengers' West Coast branch is a very different story, and rather than Hawkeye being the star of the series (as I vaguely remembered), it's the much lesser known Tigra who takes center stage. Alongside the story of her struggle with her mixed human-feline identity, is that of Simon Williams, also known as Wonder Man, who overcomes his criminal past to start a Hollywood career. And, meanwhile, Hawkeye, his wife Mockingbird, and Iron Man are little more than background characters who support the narrative twists and turns that follow Tigra through her metaphysical travails. I do remember Tigra, rather inauspiciously: I remembered her as struggling with a feline-inspired, promiscuous sexuality — which one might think would be titillating for a 12-year-old American boy, but there was something about a catwoman in a bikini that was less than inspiring. But, as an adult, Tigra's narrative is one clearly inspired by the history of literature in the American West.
In her civilian identity, Tigra is Greer Grant, a feminist activist (which might echo Germaine Greer). Through an arcane ritual, she has the soul of a cat grafted to her, which allows her to assume a feline form — a sort of sexy were-tiger. With a small amulet in the bosom of her bikini outfit, she is able to trigger her transformation from cat into human. But it is only in her feline identity that she has any powers, and those powers are meager at best. Like many of the West Coast Avengers — particularly Hawkeye and Mockingbird — she seems like an unlikely superhero. At the beginning of the WCA miniseries, both Tigra and Wonder Man struggle with their place on the team — are they really Avengers-level heroes? Both have histories with the team, but neither are established nor particularly adored characters. (To that end, after WCA ends, both have intermittent careers as superheroes, with Tigra being a very minor player in the Marvel universe.) But California, for Tigra and Wonder Man, as well as Hawkeye and Iron Man, is a place for reinvention, and each of the characters sets about distancing themselves from their prior history. The most obvious example is Tony Stark, the recovering alcoholic, who relocates to California to break from his East Coast past; but each of the stars of WCA struggles to make a new life in the West.
I've written elsewhere that one of the overdetermining aspects of superhero narratives is the role of social class in the lives of individuals. This might seem paradoxical in that many characters undergo profound transformations in their physiologies to become the superhuman version of themselves, but despite this change in bodily capacities, they are routinely confined by expectations of class and morality. What else stops Superman from crushing a handful of coal into diamonds or Spider-Man from selling the patent to his web fluid? And so it goes for the West Coast Avengers: as much as they hope to change their lives in California, they find themselves trapped by their histories. This is especially the case with Tigra and Wonder Man. Wonder Man's history in the Marvel universe begins with his status as a villain sent to destroy the Avengers (and specifically as a rival to Iron Man). As he admits while a guest on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, Wonder Man is also actually a criminal, having embezzled funds from his family's company — although he had previously attributed the crime to his brother, the supervillain Grim Reaper. He seeks public absolution for his crimes and is granted it: public opinion sways in his favor and he finds himself co-starring in the latest Hollywood action film, Arkon IV (a loose Conan rip off, along with an Arnold Schwarzenegger parody). But Tigra's burden is not so easily sloughed off. She begins her career as The Cat, a woman in an augmented costume that allows her to propel artificial claws at her foes; but eventually her life is saved by the ritual that imbues her with the cat powers and physiology that make her Tigra.
Advertisement:
Maybe the weirdest thing about Tigra is the reduction of her feline instincts to what is presented as amorous promiscuity. The reliance on such a trope may be due to its relative ease to depict: Tigra making out in a room with one man while the last man she made out with obliviously walks by a non-curtained window, so the reader can see seductress and cuckold in one frame. It might be due to the trend in superhero comics — especially in the 1980s — to attempt to appeal to projected adolescent interests. But if that's the case, then why not feline violence? Why not playing with her captured foes, cat-and-mouse style? Without making apologies for Englehart and Milgrom, it does seem to me that they're responding to two tensions, one based in character and one based in tradition. For Greer, a career feminist, what could be more troubling than an alter ego so interested in men, and especially in heteronormative (albeit promiscuous) relations? Sadly, it's not something that gets dealt with in the narrative, but looking at the text now, it seems a reasonable reading of the story.
But maybe more pertinent here is that California and the American West has long been attributed the capacity for liberatory politics — particularly, in the second half of the 20th century, sexual politics. Greer/Tigra is presented as a Janus-faced totem of the late 20th century, one face looking towards gender equality and the struggles of second wave feminism, the other face looking towards the liberation that feminism promises. In the end — or at least at the end of the issues presented in this omnibus — Greer and Tigra are united into one personality, finally whole, and the first thing that she does is reject the man she had confessed her love to (as Greer) an issue before. It's a soap opera, but one buttressed by engagement with the historical and future possibilities that the American West promised in the 1980s.
In many respects, the early AWC run is vital to the current Marvel universe. The first couple of issues of the ongoing series crossover with the Vision and Scarlet Witch miniseries introduces a pregnant Scarlet Witch, impregnated not by her android husband but through her magical powers (in denial of this fact); she would later come to realize that her children borne of this union were magical constructs, leading to mental illness; this laid the basis for House of M and the ongoing concerns of all of the X-Men titles through the present — some 30 years later. In an age when DC comics has decided to eradicate its continuity in a bid to attract new readers, Marvel has opted for the other route: a more intimate world where history informs the present. This can make the universe a difficult one to get into, but with omnibuses like this one, that history is now readily at hand. The writing and art aren't anywhere near current standards, but as a glimpse into the Marvel universe at the end of the Silver Age and a look at superhero comics struggling with what the American West has to offer thematically, AWC is a solid introduction to an important time — both in Marvel comics and in American popular literature.
EDIT: Commission prices and post currently invalid.
That's right! We got commissions opened again! Just in time for the Holidays? I'll have 5 slots open at a time, and open a slot whenever a new commission is finished.
I'm taking payment through Paypal only, at justasuta@gmail.com!
If you're interested, email justasuta@gmail.com first with a reference and a short description of your character so that I can get a better idea of what they're like! If you have something very specific in mind, please let me know!
You will receive a high-res image of your commission! Copic characters will be mailed to you! Ink Drawings or a print of your Full Illustration can be mailed for an additional $5.
These prices are per fullbody character, so additional characters will be an additional charge, as well as more detailed/complicated characters. I may discount simple characters or a commission with a 5+ characters.
You can ask for small changes or fixes after you receive your commission, but I will charge more for extra work or a complete reworking.
I can do human characters as well as animals, I just tend to draw more of the former. ^^ The only thing I won't do is explicit sexual content; fluff is okay.
And again, I'm open for commissions so if you would like something that I haven't listed, just ask; you can even use some of my previous artwork as an example of what you'd like!
And don't forget to reblog to spread the word! ^^ Thank you, everyone!
Ben Folds is in his mid-40s. But when it comes to his songwriting, that doesn't mean what you'd think it means.
For his upcoming album The Sound of the Life of the Mind, the first in 13 years to be recorded with his reunited band the Ben Folds Five, Folds says the lyrics are "not so much all that shit about 'I'm a family man' or 'I've been through divorce.'" No, says Folds, who is indeed a father and has indeed gone through a few divorces, "It's more about that stripping of ego for me." He explains: "Like, you go, 'I don't know everything.' And you say, 'My story isn't what I thought my story was. I thought I was the guy that does this and this and this, and it turns out that's all bullshit.'"
Anyone who has paid attention to Folds' lyrical catalog could easily believe that the man already saw himself as a felony screw-up, repeat offender. After all, isn't this the same piano-tinkler who made it big in the '90s with a sinking-feeling song about his girlfriend getting an abortion? Isn't he the same guy who sang about growing a mullet, considering joining the army, and having his dad tell him, "Son, you're fuckin' high"? It certainly seemed like he knew the physics of getting knocked down a peg when he sang on the 2005 track "Bastard," "Pretty soon, you'll be an old bastard too / You get smaller while the world gets big / The more you know, you know you don't know shit / The whiz man'll never fit you like the whiz kid did."
But Folds learned a few new things about the heavy mantle of the whiz man when he started picking out tracks for The Best Imitation of Myself, a 2011 retrospective that included three discs of live performances and previously unreleased studio takes. As he pored over hundreds of hours of recordings that included early-career songs with bassist Robert Sledge and drummer Darren Jessee — the other two members of the Five, which only ever had three people — he cut himself a heaping slice of humble pie. "You would have never heard me in an interview in 1999 [the year before the breakup of the Five] say that I played with the best bass player in rock and roll, but I did. Why didn't I say that? It's true now, too," Folds says. On the live recordings, Folds says, "I would hear myself talking at the shows and just go, 'Who in the hell was this guy? This guy's just a jackass.' And then I would hear the band play together, and it would seem so evolved."
The band reunited briefly in 2008, when Myspace commissioned them to do a one-off performance of their last album together, 1999's The Unauthorized Biography of Reinhold Messner. In 2011, Folds called the band back together again to record three new, "appropriately retrospective" tracks for Best Imitation, but instead he found they were generating some "very new and very kind of future-ish ideas," he says. Two of the new songs on the greatest-hits album were regret-laden piano ballads in classic Folds form, while a third, the Robert Sledge-penned "Tell Me What I Did," featured sunny vocal harmonies, cascading synths, and a hard-rocking bass guitar line behind lyrics that sound like a grown-up take on the band's once-youthful piss and vinegar.
After recording the songs for the retrospective, Folds finally decided it was time to reunite the band for good. "I've given up my ego enough to be able to submit myself to the band, and I think it's been really rewarding," Folds says. The new album is set for release on Sept. 18.
In the years since the Five last recorded together, Folds sowed his musical oats hither and yon. He recorded a doleful version of Dr. Dre's gangsta rap classic "Bitches Ain't Shit." He served as a judge on NBC's a cappella show The Sing Off. And he collaborated with artists including William Shatner, Weird Al Yankovic, Regina Spektor, and — perhaps most fittingly — Nick Hornby, author of High Fidelity and About A Boy.
Folds, the rocker of suburbs and potty-mouthed Elton John of Generation X, teamed up with Hornby, the quippy English writer and king of the pop-culture-obsessed cynical romantics, to create the 2010 album Lonely Avenue. Hornby wrote the lyrics, Folds composed the music, and the result was a sometimes-hilarious hodgepodge of narrative-driven songs about a flinty author, a musician stuck with a hit song about an old flame, and Bristol Palin's hapless ex-fiancée Levi Johnston.
Here were two artists who had made a living off of fearless self-honesty and near-total irreverence, united in song. An English major with some spare time could have a field day drawing a line from Hornby's fake liberals "whose hearts bleed right through their Gap T-shirts" (in Hornby's lesser-known novel How to Be Good) to Folds' corporate-ladder-climbing "textbook hippie man," who once wanted revolution but now finds himself becoming the institution (on Folds' song "The Ascent of Stan").
"What happens with his characters," Folds says of Hornby, "is they have moments where they say shit you're just not supposed to say, and it's because they're so honest ... What that's all about, I believe, is that people aren't often very honest with themselves, and I think Nick and I try to find moments in our music and our songs and our books where we just say it. We say the things that you're not allowed to say, and the reason I think that we do that is because both of us feel that it's OK in a song or a book.
"Most people write, especially pop artists — we try to write from perspectives of strength, because that sells the brand. You know, like I love Led Zeppelin, but you know that the perspective is always going to be that of strength, because you're buying into the myth. And that myth is very valuable, because it gives people something to shoot for. It's what we call perfection, and we know we're not going to achieve it. But then sometimes it's time for the nerd to come along and say, 'I'm actually not that strong. I actually don't believe that I'm that good, and I actually don't believe that all of my intentions are that pure. Actually, sometimes I'm a fucking asshole.' And everyone is, and you relate to that." Whatever and ever amen.
According to the results of a study conducted by one prestigious American community college, over 87% of comments made on various internet forums about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict were written by people who had completed master's degrees in the field of middle eastern studies, or in a comparable field.
The study, which was carried out by researchers over a five-year period, finally explains why most comments online about the issue are so intelligent and thoroughly researched.
According to Emeritus Professor Susie Brownhole, Chair of the community college's Political Science and International Relations Department, the phenomenon “of vast numbers of articulate, highly nuanced online users taking to sites like Reddit and various social media to discuss the conflict was an anomaly. We would see what could have been, serious, peer-reviewed essays pop up in the talkback sections of sites like the Huffington Post, the Guardian, or Israel's Ynet News. Interestingly, we found nothing to resemble the regurgitation of BDS propaganda, which was surprising.”
According to Brownhole, after analyzing a considerable amount of data provided to the research team, what became clear was that almost all people who comment were highly educated and held specialized degrees in the subject at hand.
“There were no comments by religious fanatics. No comments that contained what could be described as hate speech. And no evidence was found of disproportionality. Additionally, only a fraction of ‘statements of fact' were found to be false, with most properly cited in MLA formatting. There is really nothing parallel to this on the web.”
The results of a second government-funded study by an Israeli university to be released next month, will examine why Israeli policy in the West Bank has gained so much from respect from the European Public.
Whenever there are rumblings of new developments in the cannabis industry, there's one resource many insiders visit first for reliable information—cannabis activist Tom Angell's Twitter account.
Inspired by two defining personal experiences, Angell has spent the last 15 years educating people and diligently shining a spotlight on opportunities to take action, help build the cannabis law reform movement, and continue momentum toward world-wide legalization.
In addition to breaking stories and uncovering new important policy developments as a journalist for MassRoots, Angell is founder and chairman of the nonprofit Marijuana Majority. It's an educational and advocacy organization that helps politicians and the media understand that cannabis is a mainstream issue supported by a growing majority of voters. In addition, Angell is the editor of the Marijuana Moment newsletter, an informative email with up-to-date global news and action alerts.
It's comforting to know there's an intelligent voice in our community who's willing to devote so much time and energy to keeping everyone informed, while pointing people in the right direction to stand up and take action. We're getting closer every day. Cannabis legalization is now a major focus in U.S. politics—both blue and red states are turning green before our very eyes. And, it's happening around the globe, too. Fortunately, Angell's newsletter breaks it all down by region.
Inspired by our country's newfound dedication to the cannabis cause, High Times and MagicalButter recently spoke with Angell to learn more about why marijuana activism today is more important than ever.
High Times: You have an impressive legacy of activism. You continually create and update a robust ecosystem of important current events, news and information. More than a decade ago, you began working with the Marijuana Policy Project. What got you interested in marijuana activism and policy reform?
Tom Angell: I've always felt that people shouldn't be punished for behavior that doesn't harm others. In particular, I think there are two major things that galvanize me to devote my career and my life's work to this issue. When I was in college, it was actually the second night of my freshman year, I was arrested for marijuana possession. To make a long story short, it was a pretty grueling ordeal involving missing classes to appear in court, paying hundreds of dollars in fines and hiring an attorney. Beyond academic probation, I had to worry about not getting caught again lest I am expelled from college.
Even as a relatively privileged white dude, it was still pretty grueling, time consuming and stressful. Even experiencing that, I knew that other people in our society, who are less privileged than me because they are in a different socioeconomic status or have a different color of skin, have had their lives absolutely devastated by these drug laws. So, that's one thing that was a prime motivator for me.
HT: And, the other?
TA: My mother has multiple sclerosis (MS). As a result of sticking my toes into the waters of drug policy reform activism, I met someone else who has MS who benefited from medical cannabis. After meeting that woman, I spoke to my mom about it. I said, “Hey mom, maybe this could help you. Here's some research I compiled. Will you take a look at this?” She found it compelling. She's a medical professional, a nurse for a long time. She talked to her neurologist about medical cannabis and her neurologist said, “Yeah, this may actually be able to help you.”
Unfortunately, in our home state of Rhode Island, medical marijuana was not legal at that time. That began a years long effort that my mother and I, plus a number of other people, worked on together, which ultimately led to the passage of the medical cannabis bill in Rhode Island. My mom ended up becoming the first legal registered patient in the state when we passed that law.
HT: That's such an inspirational story. I love it. I've seen first hand how cannabis can improve the quality of life in a patient with MS, so that's cool you were able to do something so impactful, to truly make a difference.
TA: In my mom's case, it's particularly interesting because she used marijuana a few times as a teenager but never really liked it. She never even drank alcohol while I was growing up. She really likes to be in control and doesn't like the psychological effects of marijuana. However, she finds that when the pain and stiffness in her legs is particularly unbearable, using a little bit of cannabis will help her out with that.
There's a certain stereotype in some quarters that medical marijuana is just an excuse for people who like to get high. I think stories from people like my mom, and so many others, show that's obviously not the case.
HT: From your unique perspective, what is the most promising aspect of the cannabis industry and current-day marijuana policy in the U.S. and across the globe?
TA: I've been working on this issue now for over 15 years. It's interesting to look back over the course of my work and come to a realization about how different things are now from when I first started working on this issue… not to mention, how it was when people were working on this issue in the ‘60s, ‘70s, ‘80s and ‘90s.
The fact is, we are winning now. It's now a mainstream issue at the forefront of American politics. Whereas, just a decade and a half ago, when I told people what I do for a living, they would oftentimes laugh at me and say that it's never going to happen. Well, it is happening now. We made this happen.
HT: What are you most excited about?
TA: Earlier in my career, we'd have to continually chase down politicians just to get the time of day to get them to work on extremely incremental issues, like not denying financial aid to college students who have drug convictions for cannabis. Nowadays, politicians and elected officials are actively coming to us, to Marijuana Majority and other organizations for advice on crafting bills, messaging, how to build support for what they're working on.
There are so many developments on the policy front that it's incredibly difficult to keep track. With Marijuana Moment, I attempt to do that. But, even pumping out these newsletters every single weekday morning, I still can't include every single thing. There's just so much going on in the United States and around the world. I'm always relying on the automatic Google Translate in my Chrome browser just to try and figure out what's happening in Denmark, Spain or Mexico. There's just so much.
HT: And, the least promising?
TA: It's an interesting question. It's actually kind of the same answer, but the other side of the coin. We now have so much momentum. We're winning so much across the board that there is a sense that marijuana will essentially legalize itself, that this movement doesn't need more support or more activism, that it's just going to happen any day now. The fact is, we've only been able to change the laws we've changed to date because we've built a strong, powerful nonpartisan and diverse movement. The movement not only takes hard work and activism from people who are willing to put in the time, but it also takes money to build, to pay for advertisements, to get people to show up on constituent lobby days, to support our online action tools, and so many other things required to participate in modern day American politics.
It's kind of a double edged sword. We're trying to get the message out to politicians that this is mainstream and it has momentum, “You should be a part of it for your own good.” On the other hand, extremely increased momentum sometimes gives would-be activists the message that we don't necessarily need their help, when we actually very much do need their help to continue pushing the ball forward and changing laws in more and more places to remove criminalization.
HT: What should newcomers to cannabis activism be aware of, and how can they better their chances of bringing positive change to the movement?
TA: In politics, we need to build a movement, and we need to win new converts. Sometimes, the things that motivate us as activists aren't necessarily the things that are going to motivate the people we still need to convince. For a lot of activists, they're involved in this movement because they love marijuana. It has benefited their lives so much medicinally, spiritually, recreationally or in other ways. Even though we have a clear majority of Americans who support outright legalization, there's still a significant voter base not with us, yet.
With that in mind, messaging about how “marijuana is great” or “it's not necessarily as dangerous as you think it is, undecided voter” aren't necessarily going to be the ones to convince the people who need convincing. Rather, I think we need to help people understand that, whether or not they love or hate marijuana, prohibition only increases all possible harms by putting large parts of the market into the hands of drug cartels and gangs. It makes it impossible to test and regulate for potency and purity. And, it distracts police officers from being able to do things that actually protect public safety when they are otherwise so focused on arresting people for marijuana.
One thing I would ask activists to be mindful of is, the reasons why you do this are obviously important because they motivate your work, but they're not necessarily the reasons that are going to convince the people we need to get on our side to support changes for the law.
HT: What about “weed refugees” or the millions upon millions of people in this country living in prohibited states seeking access to cannabinologic remedies to no avail? Other than move, any thoughts on what they can do to better their situation?
TA: It's an interesting challenge. The thing that is going to change the law in the places where those people live are stories just like theirs, but sharing their stories comes with risk because the law still needs to be changed in those places. In a number of places, we have witnessed families courageous enough to speak up, plus talk to their lawmakers about how CBD or other components of marijuana and other cannabis preparations benefit them, or might be able to benefit them if they were able to try it. Those powerful personal stories change lawmakers' minds and motivate them to change the law. So, that's one thing, just sharing your story even though in some cases it comes with risk. Like you said, another option is to move to another place that has already changed its law. Another component of this is continuing to build momentum to change federal law, so that there isn't as much of a concern about transporting medicine across state lines.
HT: MagicalButter CEO Garyn Angel spearheaded the lobbying effort that led the Port Richey City Council to decriminalize possession of less than 20 grams of cannabis. Fore Twenty Sports raises money for Freedom Grow at their tournaments. What else can cannabis companies do to help the movement?
TA: The role of industry, not just the marijuana industry, especially the marijuana industry, is important in helping to change these laws. There are basically two general categories of things they can do to help. First, because they do have such broad reach—whether it be through social media, or email lists, or their website, or the ability to reach their existing customer base, or through physical storefronts via dispensaries or head shops—they can shine a spotlight on opportunities to take action for their customers, “Hey customer, there's an important vote coming up on state or federal legislation. Here's a link to Marijuana Majority's action alert, or here's a petition you can sign.” Or, “At this physical location, we've set up a laptop for you on the countertop where you can take a minute to make your voice heard by the policymakers who need to hear from you.” That's one thing I would like to see a lot more of from companies.
HT: And, what's the second thing cannabis companies can do?
TA: Give us money. In mainstream American politics, it takes money to change the law. Like it or not, that's the way it is. And, that's how we have won in so many places. It takes money to pay for signatures, to put an initiative on the ballot. It takes money to hire lobbyists in state capitals. That's how change has happened. That's how it will happen, at least for the foreseeable future.
Companies who are benefiting from legalization, yet not doing their part to contribute to the movement are, not only being socially irresponsible, they're being fiscally short sighted. Because, if we don't continue to build momentum on the state and federal level, we could see our gains erased at some point. Frankly, we don't know right now what's going to happen with Attorney General Jeff Sessions. He's made threatening remarks, to be sure. But, he hasn't yet announced a full scale federal crackdown. That could happen and the market opportunities that our movement has created for these companies could disappear one day. If they don't stand up and help us stop that, then they should be criticized for that.
HT: So, it's really in their best interest, if they want to continue to stay in business and be successful.
TA: Setting aside the matter that it's the right thing to do for social justice reasons, just looking at it from a pure bottom line self-interested perspective, it's stupid to not help build the movement.
HT: That's a great argument for why cannabis companies should get more involved. It's odd, too, because there are many businesses that won't touch politics in any way. But right now, being involved in the cannabis industry is a form of activism. It's inspiring to see so many businesses putting themselves out there, supporting the movement.
TA: I agree.
What is Signal K?
A Free and Open Source universal marine data exchange format
Signal K is a modern and open data format for marine use. Built on standard web technologies including JSON, WebSockets and HTTP, Signal K provides a method for sharing information in a way that is friendly to WiFi, cellphones, tablets and the Internet. A format available to everyone, where anyone can contribute, Signal K is the first truly open data format for the marine industry and is set to revolutionize how we consume and interact with data on boats.
Open Source
All Signal K source code is published under the Apache License, Version 2.0 and everything else, like protocols and interface descriptions, under the Creative Commons CC-BY-SA license.
That means that it is open source, but friendly to companies that want to use it in closed source applications or hardware. Of course source code contributions are always welcome and encouraged.
https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/physicist-howard-haydens-one-letter-disproof-of-global-warming-claims/
Physicist Howard Hayden, a staunch advocate of sound energy policy, sent me a copy of his letter to the EPA about global warming. The text is also appended below, with permission.
As noted in my post Access to Energy, Hayden helped the late, great Petr Beckmann found the dissident physics journal Galilean Electrodynamics (brochures and further Beckmann info here; further dissident physics links). Hayden later began to publish his own pro-energy newsletter, The Energy Advocate, following in the footsteps of Beckmann's own journal Access to Energy.
I love Hayden's email sign-off, “People will do anything to save the world … except take a course in science.”
Here's the letter:
***
Howard C. Hayden
785 S. McCoy Drive
Pueblo West, CO 81007
October 27, 2009
The Honorable Lisa P. Jackson, Administrator
Environmental Protection Agency
1200 Pennsylvania Ave., NW Washington, DC 20460
Dear Administrator Jackson:
I write in regard to the Proposed Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Findings for Greenhouse Gases Under Section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act, Proposed Rule, 74 Fed. Reg. 18,886 (Apr. 24, 2009), the so-called “Endangerment Finding.”
It has been often said that the “science is settled” on the issue of CO2 and climate. Let me put this claim to rest with a simple one-letter proof that it is false.
The letter is s, the one that changes model into models. If the science were settled, there would be precisely one model, and it would be in agreement with measurements.
Alternatively, one may ask which one of the twenty-some models settled the science so that all the rest could be discarded along with the research funds that have kept those models alive.
We can take this further. Not a single climate model predicted the current cooling phase. If the science were settled, the model (singular) would have predicted it.
Let me next address the horror story that we are approaching (or have passed) a “tipping point.” Anybody who has worked with amplifiers knows about tipping points. The output “goes to the rail.” Not only that, but it stays there. That's the official worry coming from the likes of James Hansen (of NASA­GISS) and Al Gore.
But therein lies the proof that we are nowhere near a tipping point. The earth, it seems, has seen times when the CO2 concentration was up to 8,000 ppm, and that did not lead to a tipping point. If it did, we would not be here talking about it. In fact, seen on the long scale, the CO2 concentration in the present cycle of glacials (ca. 200 ppm) and interglacials (ca. 300-400 ppm) is lower than it has been for the last 300 million years.
Global-warming alarmists tell us that the rising CO2 concentration is (A) anthropogenic and (B) leading to global warming.
(A) CO2 concentration has risen and fallen in the past with no help from mankind. The present rise began in the 1700s, long before humans could have made a meaningful contribution. Alarmists have failed to ask, let alone answer, what the CO2 level would be today if we had never burned any fuels. They simply assume that it would be the “pre-industrial” value. The solubility of CO2 in water decreases as water warms, and increases as water cools. The warming of the earth since the Little Ice Age has thus caused the oceans to emit CO2 into the atmosphere.
(B) The first principle of causality is that the cause has to come before the effect. The historical record shows that climate changes precede CO2 changes. How, then, can one conclude that CO2 is responsible for the current warming?
Nobody doubts that CO2 has some greenhouse effect, and nobody doubts that CO2 concentration is increasing. But what would we have to fear if CO2 and temperature actually increased?
A warmer world is a better world. Look at weather-related death rates in winter and in summer, and the case is overwhelming that warmer is better.
The higher the CO2 levels, the more vibrant is the biosphere, as numerous experiments in greenhouses have shown. But a quick trip to the museum can make that case in spades. Those huge dinosaurs could not exist anywhere on the earth today because the land is not productive enough. CO2 is plant food, pure and simple.
CO2 is not pollution by any reasonable definition.
A warmer world begets more precipitation.
All computer models predict a smaller temperature gradient between the poles and the equator. Necessarily, this would mean fewer and less violent storms.
The melting point of ice is 0 ºC in Antarctica, just as it is everywhere else. The highest recorded temperature at the South Pole is –14 ºC, and the lowest is –117 ºC. How, pray, will a putative few degrees of warming melt all the ice and inundate Florida, as is claimed by the warming alarmists?
Consider the change in vocabulary that has occurred. The term global warming has given way to the term climate change, because the former is not supported by the data. The latter term, climate change, admits of all kinds of illogical attributions. If it warms up, that's climate change. If it cools down, ditto. Any change whatsoever can be said by alarmists to be proof of climate change.
In a way, we have been here before. Lord Kelvin “proved” that the earth could not possibly be as old as the geologists said. He “proved” it using the conservation of energy. What he didn't know was that nuclear energy, not gravitation, provides the internal heat of the sun and the earth.
Similarly, the global-warming alarmists have “proved” that CO2 causes global warming.
Except when it doesn't.
To put it fairly but bluntly, the global-warming alarmists have relied on a pathetic version of science in which computer models take precedence over data, and numerical averages of computer outputs are believed to be able to predict the future climate. It would be a travesty if the EPA were to countenance such nonsense.
Best Regards,
Howard C. Hayden
Professor Emeritus of Physics, UConn
11:47 am on October 29, 2009
The Best of Stephan Kinsella
This article is about Aviators who became ace in a day. For flying aces in general, see Flying Ace
The term "ace in a day" is used to designate a pilot who has shot down five or more airplanes in a single day, based on usual definition of an "ace" as one with five or more aerial victories.
World War I [ edit ]
Ace in a day on two occasions [ edit ]
A Bristol F2B crew – Canadian pilot Captain Alfred Atkey and English observer Lieutenant Charles Gass – became "ace in a day" twice in the same week. On 7 May 1918, they shot down five German planes in a single sortie over Arras. Two days later, on 9 May, they were credited with another five enemy machines in the course of two sorties. Atkey survived the Great War credited with a total of 38 victories, making him the most successful two-seater pilot of the conflict.
René Fonck scored six in a day on both 9 May and 26 September 1918.
Ace in a day [ edit ]
The first aviators to ever achieve "ace in a day" were pilot Julius Arigi and observer/gunner Johann Lasi of the Austro-Hungarian air force, on 22 August 1916, when they downed five Italian planes.
World War II [ edit ]
Triple-ace in a day [ edit ]
To achieve this a pilot must have destroyed 15 enemy aircraft in a single day. This has been achieved by only five pilots, all from the Luftwaffe:[13]
Hans-Joachim Marseille shot down 17 Allied fighters in three sorties over North Africa on 1 September 1942.
Emil Lang shot down 18 Soviet fighters on 3 November 1943.
August Lambert shot down 17 Soviet aircraft on a single day in 1944.
Hubert Strassl shot down 15 Soviet aircraft on 5 July 1943 near Orel.
Wilhelm Batz claimed 15 Soviet aircraft shot down on 31 May 1944.
Double-ace in a day [ edit ]
To achieve this a pilot must have destroyed ten enemy aircraft in a single day. This has been achieved by ten pilots, three of whom repeated their achievement a second time within weeks.
Ace in a day [ edit ]
Post World War II [ edit ]
On 7 September 1965, in air-to-air combat during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965, Muhammad Mahmood Alam of the Pakistan Air Force claimed to have shot down five Indian Air Force (IAF) Hawker Hunter fighters in less than a minute, with four being claimed to have been downed in 30 seconds. This makes him the only jet fighter 'ace-in-a-day'. He later stated: "Before we had completed more than of about 270 degree of the turn, at around 12 degree per second, all four hunters had been shot down. -- My fifth victim of this sortie started spewing smoke and then rolled on to his back at about 1000 feet." However, the IAF claims that they only lost four Hawker Hunters on that particular day, while various Indian film scholars have also rejected Alam's claim.
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Japan's first 5-axis hybrid 3D printer
In a collaborative research effort, Enomoto Kogyo, Shizuoka University of Art and Culture, and software company C&G Systems have developed Japan's first 5-axis hybrid 3D printer, capable of continuously performing lamination and cutting using 5-axis control technology.
“Conventional (3D) printers are primarily planar lamination printers, but this machine is capable of not only planar lamination, but also 5-axis lamination,” said Kawamura Takehire, Enomoto development department chief director. “Ordinarily, undercutting can't be performed with 3-axis control type NC, but with 5 axes, tilt and rotation functions are added. In other words, control is implemented for the X, Y, Z, tilt and rotation axis, and as a result, we're able to print very complex shapes.”
“Our (3D) printer was produced as a machine for use in R&D by professionals rather than everyday users. We want to cultivate a wide-range of various applications and would like to hear from customers about what types of applications they would like to jointly develop, or in other words, what types of items they would like to print with this machine.”
Conventional 3D printers typically need the use of a support material to prevent material from drooping when a sphere is modeled. However, since this printer is capable of performing lamination on 5 axes, the use of a support material is not required, so material costs are reduced. It is well-suited for prototyping prosthetic leg parts, other products in the medical care field, and aircraft parts, since it combines lamination and machining in the manufacturing process.
If you liked this article, you may also be interested in:
See all the latest robotics news on Robohub, or sign up for our weekly newsletter.
slideshow
There are seven species of sea turtles, which are marine reptiles that need to breathe air to survive. Six of the seven species are found in US waters, and the flatback turtle is only found in the Western Indo-Pacific. Most of their lives are spent at sea, with some species diving to depths of 3000 feet (900 meters). They return to the shore to lay eggs, often making long journeys to go to specific beaches year after year.
Their wide-reaching movement and the small amount of time they spend on land means that it is hard to measure just how many sea turtles remain, or how many there used to be. (One estimate is that millions of green sea turtles were in the Caribbean at the time of Christopher Columbus.) Now all six of the species found in US waters are listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act, and those six are also found on the IUCN Red List where their listings range from Vulnerable to Critically Endangered. They have many human-induced threats including entanglement in fishing gear, marine debris, coastal habitat destruction, poaching of adults and eggs, and climate change.
There are sea turtle conservation successes, as well. Off the coast of Mexico, one community is hanging lights on their fishing nets so turtles can avoid them. They've found a 50 percent reduction in turtle catch at night, while the fish catch has actually gone up. Turtle Excluder Devices (TEDs) also help to prevent sea turtles from getting caught in shrimp trawling gear.
Burnout amongst software engineers is a real danger. Years ago when I had first heard about _“burnout”_ I brushed it off as a myth. After seeing it first hand and experiencing a little burnout myself, I can attest it is indeed real.
Software engineering demands a high level of concentration. Debugging software and troubleshooting complex problems are mentally taxing. It is in the nature of most developers that we tend to fixate on a particular problem until it is resolved. In this mode of operation it is not difficult to end up working overtime a lot. Being persistent is good, but it may come at a cost.
Putting all the focus on our work means that other things get relegated to the background. While this is not a problem in the short term, in the long run it can become a problem. Working all those extra hours, means there is less time to rest. As a result tiredness creeps in; instead of acting on natures red flag we try to counter it. Use of stimulants such as energy drinks and coffee are taken to combat fatigue. However continued use of stimulants may lead to prolonged fatigue.
When work becomes the main focus engineers may start setting unrealistic targets and goals to achieve high ambitions. If targets are missed or not reached, when questioned by co-workers or management, the response can often be met with aggression because we lack clarity to see the real reasons for failure. We will not notice a change in our behaviour and mood but others certainly will. Continually missing targets and goals can slowly turn this initial anger to self doubt.
Instead of turning for help, we can turn inwards. Self doubt can start to creep in. _Why can't I reach these goals? It must be my fault!_ By blaming ourselves and self criticising we devalue ourselves. Continued devaluation may lead to negativity, hopelessness and depression.
In hindsight it looks like common sense. Burnout may not be detected early on as it is something that happens gradually over time, and the signs can easily be missed.
By making changes in our working habits it may be possible to avoid burnout in the long run. The following are suggestions of positive habits:
When the office closes, stop working. Tomorrow is another day.
Don't think about work at home, relax and do fun non work related things.
Set an alarm to go to bed, yes the opposite of waking up.
Reduce the amount of coffee intake, if you're feeling tired try and get some more sleep.
Take up some physical activity; play sports with friends or hit the gym.
Summary
The causes of burnout may not be consistent between two people. There are no “silver bullet” cures for burnout. We need to be more vigilant and notice negative patterns. If any symptoms are spotted, it may be wise to start closely paying attention to them and addressing them. The very first step would be to logout, switch off and take time off.
“Logout, before you burn out”
Read this post in two parts. The first was written when Honduras was warm and fuzzy. The second, afterward.
PART ONE
It's almost a source of pride for Hondurans that they apparently live in the most dangerous country in the world. I don't know what study they're quoting, but people love to fill me in that someone might kill me for no reason, steal my bike, or make a dress out of my skin. Normally I exaggerate a bit, but in the course of typing this I was approached by a man who said I need to change my idea of adventure because it's not safe here. Obviously I am trying to leave as soon as possible.
I have no doubt that there are bad Hondurans out there, but so far I've only felt the love. People are so concerned about me that I've had an invitation to sleep indoors every night I've been here. I was attempting to camp in the forest when a lone Honduran woman saw me and brought me back to her house. People who don't have rooms for me set me up with their friends or family around town. I'm actually really digging Honduras. And the country is small enough that I'll be safely in Nicaragua by the time you read this, mom and dad, so no reason to worry.
Big news!! I was on TV! There was one night where I camped at the police station in Saba, Honduras and woke up to a reporter knocking on my tent. He wanted to do an interview right there. I looked so dirty and actually did not have contacts in or glasses on so I couldn't see anything. My Spanish barely slid by, but it was all successful. I'm officially a celebrity in northern Honduras. Unfortunately, it aired while I was making my way through the backroads of the country so I did not have a chance to see mine own visage on TV. Oh well.
Diving in Utila was fabulous! A ten-dive package on the island costs only $265, which is one of the cheapest in the world. That includes gear rental, boat transportation, and accomodation so it's not a bad deal at all. The reef was beautiful with lots of parrotfish, barracudas, angelfish and even the occasional squid. But my favorite part was turning away from the reef to stare into the blue void of the open ocean. It definitely made me feel microscopic in comparison. Utila is also great because the cheap diving makes it the backpacker mecca of the Caribbean. The guidebook said it best: “It feels like a chill college town centered around a small diving university.”
After 11 beautiful sunsets on Utila, I packed up and headed back to the mainland. I was itching to ride through some mountains, having spent so much time in the flat Yucatan, flat Belize, and flat Caribbean islands. Honduras did not disappoint. In fact, it might have been overkill. One of the major roads through the country, marked on any map you could find of Honduras, is actually made of dirt. I did not know this when I started the 120 mile trek from one side to the other. I love mountains and I love dirt roads, but I do not love them together. I actually tried to take a bus after getting my 10,000th warning on how unsafe Honduras is, but the driver would not let me board with a bicycle so I had no choice but to ride out of the country.
Speaking of dangers in Honduras (such an undervisited topic in this post), the mosquitoes here on the north coast carry dengue fever and malaria. Because my tent fly has been broken since north Mexico, you can understand why this would be an issue for me. All was fine when I had bug spray, but I lost it in Utila and did not realize until I was being ravaged by mosquitoes on the mainland. I curled up in my sleeping bag to protect myself, despite it being 98 degrees. I'd rather be sweaty and gross than have malaria so that's that.
A note to Julia, because I know you're reading this: I showed a few guys I was staying with pictures of us from Chicago. You now have a group of 5 Honduran admirers who are dying to meet you. Seriously, hours later, they kept asking your name and more details about you. Work it, sexy lady!
PART TWO
Imagine me on the desolate stretch of dirt road that is the only way south from Utila to Nicaragua. It's 100 degrees, I'm drenched in sweat, and a cloud of mosquitoes is tailing me like the dog I always wanted. But something shiny catches my eye. There's lots of trash on the road, but this trash makes my eyes scream. My heart stops, my stomach turns. It's a bullet. And it's not the only one.
There's only so fast you can ride on a bike, but you don't remember that when you're fleeing the site of a gun battle. Luckily, I knew that the only bus running that day would be passing me in a few hours. I kept riding, just to have something to do instead of waiting in anxiety. I had originally tried to take that same bus the day before, but they had refused to let me board with the bike. That's why I was on this bullet-road in the first place. When I hailed the bus down this time I was all up in the driver's face, telling him that if I died it would be his fault. He let me on, but charged me a separate ticket for bikey.
Don't leave now, dear reader. We still haven't even reached the robbery! So this bus is actually an old American school bus (specifically, DeKalb County) that is now intercity transit in Honduras. At highest count, there were 89 people, full grown adults, on board. I had to sit in the back with the luggage to protect my bike. That was all in vain though because all the knocking around rocked a few parts loose. No big deal, I thought. I can reassemble it on the ground in the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa.
I get off the bus in chaos. Crowds of people everywhere, moving in all directions, and I'm trying to keep track of my bike frame, two separate wheels, and two bags. For some reason though, the rear tire just won't fit on to the damn frame. The sun is setting in one of the most dangerous cities in the Americas and I'm immobilized. But a guy around my age comes over to help me out. He holds the frame up for me while I inspect the rear tire to figure out what's wrong. We almost have it on so he sets the frame down and walks behind me. The bike is on my mind, but then I feel a hand in my jacket pocket.
So many things in my mind at once: my wallet is in there, why is someone else's hand in there, oh crap, I'm getting robbed. Thankfully, I think fast so in the second it took him to wrap his grubby hand around my wallet, I had my hand around his wrist. I knocked the wallet out of his hand and onto the sidewalk and gave him a hard kick to the shin, something that cycling shoes are great for. He just gave me this stupid look and ran away.
Luckily, I've learned a few smart travel skills so losing the wallet would not have been catastrophic. The only money I keep in it was $1 USD, $2 Belize, a few pesos and lempiras. The real money is stashed in several places, my passport is elsewhere, my card somewhere else. The worst loss would have been my driver's license picture from when I was 16 and the wallet itself, which my sister gave me for my birthday. I would never have bought a trifold wallet, even though I love them, because I knew she would make fun of me. So she bought me one instead. Thanks, Kinza 🙂
So yes, I'm in Tegucigalpa right now, seeking out a bike shop so I can get the hell out of here. I hate to say it, but this place more than any other reminds me of Karachi, Pakistan, the city I was born in. The last time I was there was when I was 13 so I don't remember it perfectly, but it definitely felt like this. I'll be in Nicaragua in no time flat so don't be too down that I'm not having fun right now. I'll be okay 🙂
Smith
❮❮ Newer Download | Full View Older ❯❯ Submission © 2015 LJE_Shot Scraps
Smith - by LJE_Shot Submission information:
Posted:
Category: Artwork (Traditional)
Theme: Doodle
Species: Gryphon
Gender: Male
Favorites: 1
Comments: 0
Views: 213
Image Specifications:
Resolution: 818x744
Keywords:
Gryphon Referance sheet Male
Funny story, screwed up the other arm so I kind of just cropped it out. Just imagine an arm and make it yellow or something.
Name: Smith Aeros
Age: 27
Species: Gryphon
Gender: Male
Sexuality: Straight
Personality: has a short temper. Untrusting of strangers. Very mature and has a 'no jokes allowed' attitude. Is quick to establish dominance. He is very confident in his abilities. Very protective.
Quirks/facts: he is extremely protective of his younger sister Eris. He considers himself the 'muscle' of the group. They say that one time he was actually embarrass though this is unproven. From what is known he has no fears.
Paleontologists have identified the fossil of a horned dinosaur the size of a house cat that is the oldest of its kind ever discovered in North America - by 15 million years.
The skull and the jaw of Aquilops americanus were found by Scott Madsen back in 1997 in what is called the Cloverly Formation of southern Montana. It languished for years before they published findings recognizing it as being a milestone artifact.
"Scott initially thought it was generic, plant-eating dinosaur but it turned out it was one of these early horned dinosaurs. That is a really exciting find," said Andrew Farke, a paleontologist with Raymond M. Alf Museum of Paleontology and a co-author on a study in PLOS One Wednesday that described the discovery.
"Up to this point, all that was known for horned dinosaurs were just isolated teeth and fragment bones," he said. "This new find is the first one that allows us to say exactly what kinds of horned dinosaurs lived in North America about 108 million years ago."
"This guy is the beginning of the story in North America," said James I. Kirkland, the state paleontologist at the Utah Geological Survey who was not part of the study.
This is the skull of the newly discovered plant-eating dinosaur Aquilops Scott Nichols
Aquilops thrived during the early parts of the Cretaceous period, which ran from 145.5 million years ago to 65.5 million years ago. This was a time when horned dinosaurs became commonplace and when many insect groups, modern mammals and bird groups flourished. The Cretaceous period ended when Earth was struck by what is believed to be an asteroid.
Farke said Aquilops was a plant-eater which measured about 2-feet-long, weighed about 3.5 pounds.
"It was about size of a raven," Farke told CBS News. "You could hold the animal pretty comfortably in your arms. The fossil skull would fit very comfortably in your hand."
Kirkland was struck by how much smaller Aquilops was than horned dinosaurs that came later like Zuniceratops - which a team he was on discovered - and Diabloceratops. Some of the later animals, he said, were often as big as bison and were infamous traveling in herds of thousands and "mowing down the landscape."
In addition to offering evidence that these creatures inhabited North America earlier than previously thought, the bones may shed light on how they got here.
Similar horned dinosaurs which date to earlier in the Cretaceous have been found in Asia.
In his study, Farke concluded that the discovery of Aquilops in North America "adds unambiguous support" to the theory that dinosaurs migrated from Asia to North America between 113 million and 105 million years ago. It also, he argued, evidences "a complex set of migratory events for organisms between North American and Asia later in the Cretaceous."
Copyright Brian Engh, courtesy of Raymond M. Alf Museum of Paleontology
This was a period when the continents were beginning to reach their modern position. As a result, this could have allowed animals to cross from Asia, through Siberia, into Alaska and then down into North America.
"There was an influx of animals from Asia probably related to changes in ocean levels which would have opened up land bridges between some continents," Farke said.
But Kirkland said he is not convinced that Aquilops is enough to prove animals were coming from Asia to North America at that time. He said it was probably more likely they came from Europe, since he believes "these little animals were all across the northern hemisphere."
"The problem is that there wasn't really any Alaska then. It was island floating in the Pacific," he said of suggestions that animals would have made their way through Alaska to North America. "We don't have that land bridge at that point."
Following this discovery, Farke said it is likely paleontologists will now go in search of other horned-dinosaurs fossils to further understand how they evolved.
"There is about a 15 to 20 million year gap where we don't know what kind of horned dinosaurs were living in North America," Farke said. "Maybe that is when the ancestors of animals like Triceratops would have come to North America."
Kirkland agreed, saying it would be ideal to find more fossils to go with horned dinosaur teeth that have been discovered and dated to around 98 million years ago.
"I would love to find the animal that goes with those teeth. It is quite a bit bigger," he said. "I would be very interested in seeing what that animal looked and what it was doing. Did it have horns on its head? We don't know."
Grab some supplies from your local hardware store to create a paint stick flag and add a custom laurel monogram for a personalized touch to your front door this summer. I have seen a few of these patriotic paint stick flag projects on Pinterest and loved the idea of a cost effective project that looks upscale with the help of our hand-tooled monogram sitting on laurel leaves. I made my American paint stick flag rustic with a little sandpaper and personalized it with an exclusive monogram design to welcome guests.
Items Needed:
Laurel Monogram, mine is 6″ wide
8 paint sticks
Red, white and blue craft paint
Foam and smaller bristle paint brushes
Paper plate or paint tray
Sandpaper
Masking tape
Hot glue gun and glue
Twine
Buy a Laurel Monogram
Our 4th of July Sale is happening right now! Use the code 4July18 to save 15% on your entire order! Hurry, offer expires 6.20.18
A disparate picture emerged Tuesday of the impact Rob Ford's removal from office will have on his fiscally conservative agenda, with one ally suggesting it is “dead in the water” even as others voice optimism that council will stay the course.
Justice Charles Hackland's decision that the mayor should vacate his seat over a conflict-of -interest violation has turned attention to members of his executive committee, tasked with carrying out Mr. Ford's mandate.
“Where we go from here is the big question,” said Councillor David Shiner, a member of the executive committee. “And I think council will continue on that agenda because the majority of us believe in that.”
But Mr. Ford does come in for some criticism from his closest supporters.
“We're definitely in a very difficult situation,” added Mr. Shiner. “In my 20 years sitting on a municipal council, I have never seen where a mayor is so distracted from his job. More distracted than I've seen any provincial or federal official.”
One ally, who agreed to be quoted but without attribution, said the mayor had “lost the moral authority” and added that the “agenda is dead in the water.”
Councillor Peter Milczyn echoed one part of that criticism, but disagreed with the other.
“Whether it's Rob Ford or not Rob Ford, we're all aligned similarly,” he said, on the executive committee's dedication to the fiscal part of Ford's agenda. “Obviously the mayor is not going to be, for the next little while, necessarily in a position of having the moral authority over council, over the city,” he said.
“The core executive team, we're very focused on the budget, on seeing that through as the mayor would have wanted, so we're not going to be shaken on that,” he said. “I don't really see anything changing.”
Obviously the mayor is not going to be, for the next little while, necessarily in a position of having the moral authority over council
While it hasn't been easy, the Ford administration has secured support for key aspects of his 2010 campaign platform: reeling in union contracts, outsourcing trash collection, controlling spending and tackling the debt.
Councillor Jaye Robinson expects those fiscal goals will remain, but described recent events as “the ultimate distraction.” She pointed to the hundreds of thousands of people who voted for him because of the fiscal agenda that he set out.
“I think that agenda is still on track, but absolutely this is a distraction, this is a major setback,” she said. “But I think most of us are steadfast about that agenda. All of us ran on a similar agenda related to the fiscal responsibility piece.”
Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong has carefully chosen his words, refusing to say on Monday whether he would appear at a press conference next to the mayor. Asked whether the mayor should abandon his appeal or step aside, as others have suggested, he said, “It's a distraction on council. Council needs to focus in on the business of the city.”
National Post
• Email: nalcoba@nationalpost.com | Twitter: NPHallMonitor
Portland police looking for Audi that hit, killed Middletown man
PORTLAND - Police are pressing their hunt for the car they say slammed into a moped Saturday evening on the Arrigoni Bridge late Saturday night, killing a 22-year-old Middletown man.
Using information provided by an eyewitness to the accident as well as surveillance video of the bridge, police Monday harrowed their search for a four-door 1996-99 Audi A4 sedan.
Police believe the car for which they are hunting features an unusual white “pearlescent” paint. It also is missing much of the right front quarter panel, which was ripped off the car in the collision with the moped, Officer Paul Liseo said.
Liseo is the lead investigator into the 10:52 p.m. collission, in which the moped was run down from behind in the eastbound lanes approximately midway across the bridge. The accident took the life of Daquan Moore.
Moore was rushed to Middlesex Hospital, but “was pronounced dead at the hospital shortly after the accident,” Liseo said.
The crash left a more than 500-foot-long trail of debris and wreckage “from the point of impact to the final resting place of the scooter,” Liseo said.
Police believe the Audi was racing across the bridge with another car as they came from Middletown headed toward Portland.
An eyewitness told police that after striking Moore, the driver of the Audi continued across the bridge and then turned around near the intersection with Silver Street and re-crossed the bridge back to Middletown.
Police would not confirm reports the driver slowed as he passed the wreckage of Moore's ruined moped as he headed back to Middletown.
Police from Portland and Middletown as well as fire and ambulance units all swarmed to the bridge after receiving 911 calls alerting them to the accident.
Using debris from the car that was recovered at the scene and the expertise of a local auto-body owner as well as the witness statements and the videos, police were able to narrow down the type of car rather quickly. Liseo is being assisted in the investigation by Middletown Police Traffic Division/Accident Reconstruction Team.
Throughout the day Monday, Liseo and Traffic Division officers worked to further narrow the scope of their investigation.
Each step that reduces the number of vehicles that fit the description of the suspect vehicle means police can more narrowly focus their hunt for the driver, they said.
“There is still more video to look at,” Liseo said. “That white pearlescent is a very rare color.”
According to a British car color website, “Pearlescent paints replace the metal particles with ceramic crystals (often called “mica”) that don't just reflect light but refract it too, splitting it into different colors by allowing some light in and slowing it down as it passes through. This gives the paint not just a sparkle, but a deep color that can vary depending on how you look at it, making for interesting effects where the car's bodywork creases or changes direction. In direct sunlight, pearlescent paint knocks spots off metallic finishes.”
The fact the car is of a rare color and paint style also increases the likelihood that more people may recognize it, police said.
Even as he pressed his investigation, Liseo asked anyone with information about this incident to come forward. Individuals with information can call either Portland Police at 860 342-6780 or Central Dispatch at 860-347-2541, Liseo said. All calls will be kept confidential, police said.
When ideology takes up the brain space normally reserved for reason and the golden principle of equality under the law, the very best minds can go AWOL.
That seems to be the case with University of Ottawa law professor Elizabeth Sheehy, whose new book, Defending battered Women on Trial, will be released Dec 15. Professor Sheehy's thesis is that women who experience extreme chronic abuse from their male partners should have the right to kill them pre-emptively — in their sleep, say, or when they least expect it — without fear of being charged with murder. Murder involves a mandatory minimum — 25 years for first degree murder and 10 for second-degree — and this, according to Sheehy, constitutes a “huge, huge barrier” to such women.
Sheehy's solution is a “statutory escape hatch” that would preclude mandatory minimum sentences. In fact, Sheehy would prefer battered women be charged with manslaughter, in which case they could argue self-defence “without bearing the onerous consequence of failure.” “Why,” she asks, “should women live in anticipatory dread and hypervigilance?” She likens such women to prisoners of war, and their lives with their abusers as a similar form of captivity. Just as it is the duty of prisoners of war to kill their captors in order to escape, she claims our attitude should be, “you were right to kill to save your own life.”
Sheehy's “logic” is flawed on many levels. To start with the obvious, the situation of psychologically imprisoned women in homes cannot be compared to physically constrained soldiers. Battered women are almost never physically imprisoned and, except in rare, geographically isolated cases, can, but choose not to, escape. Women's shelters abound throughout Canada. And, as has been illuminated in a number of high-profile cases of intimate partner violence allegations, police are highly sympathetic and responsive to abused women's pleas for help.
That women with psychological problems do elect to stay with their abusers — it's called “learned helplessness” in the jargon — is a matter for psychologists, not the law. In fact, “battered woman syndrome” (BWS) is merely a theory, with the “science” behind it too flimsy to support any change to the legal codes. (See David M. Paciocco's 1999 book, Getting Away with Murder: the Canadian criminal justice system. Ironically, Paciocco was a colleague of Sheehy's at Ottawa U's law faculty.) Moreover, BWS has been rejected in other high courts, such as Australia's, which used Canada as a (negative) precedent.
Sheehy says that charging battered women with murder is “so arbitrary when you know that there's no other way that a woman can spontaneously defend her life.” But “spontaneous” suggests that the woman's life is in imminent danger, in which case a plea of straightforward self-defence is available to her. That is not the the BSW defence, which argues precisely the opposite – that only these particular women should be allowed to kill with calculation aforethought and be exonerated anyway. In BWS cases, there is always a question of whether there was “no other way” to handle the situation. Instead of killing him in his sleep, why not leave in his sleep? Spontaneity is not applicable here. Sheehy's proposal would effectively make battered women the police, judge and jury in their own cases.
What about children who are chronically abused? Can they kill their parents with impunity? After all, child battering is an even greater abuse of trust than intimate partner violence
But let's take Sheehy's curious strain of logic to its own conclusion. In a recent case in Toronto, a wife prodded her new boyfriend to torture her husband for months. Would he meet Sheehy's standard for statutory escape if he killed her? What about lesbians whose partners are extremely abusive (yes, it happens)? What about children who are chronically abused? Can they kill their parents with impunity? After all, child battering is an even greater abuse of trust than intimate partner violence. What about the police? Should we endorse the killing of criminal suspects they know are a future high-risk danger to society?
Sheehy says that a third of the male-partner killings she studied – 29 of 91 – resulted in no conviction or charges, and professes to be “pleasantly surprised” about that. Any objective observer would find that ratio quite high and proof that the law already takes a highly sympathetic view of BWS. Sheehy is clearly not objective. She is an ideologue, whose gender-biased advocacy has been honoured by the Canadian Bar Association. Which begs the questions: How can a Bar Association throw centuries of hard-won legal protections out the window in the name of political correctness? And how can a faculty of law endorse such intellectual corruption in their classrooms?
National Post
“For nearly a century, the American Federation of Teachers has worked to expand opportunity for the people and communities they serve. I'm honored to have the support of AFT's members and leaders, and proud to stand with them to unleash the potential of every American,” Clinton said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
It is the first international labor union endorsement in the 2016 presidential race.
The AFT includes 1.6 million members and retirees around the nation.
“I know from my own family that teachers have the power to change lives. We need to make sure every child has access to a quality public education and teachers with the tools to help them succeed,” Clinton said.
The AFT ranks third in size behind the National Education Association and the Service Employees International Union.
The AFL-CIO, a federation made up of 56 smaller member unions, is not considered to be in the same category.
The fact, due to Voevodsky, that univalence implies function extensionality, has always been a bit mysterious to me—the proofs that I have seen have all seemed a bit non-obvious, and I have trouble re-inventing or explaining them. Moreover, there are questions about how it fits into a general conception of type theory: Why does adding an axiom about one type (the universe) change what is true about another type (functions)? How does this relate to other instances of this phenomenon, such as the fact that a universe is necessary to prove injectivity/disjointness of datatype constructors, or that univalence is necessary to calculate path spaces of higher inductives? In this post, I will describe a proof that univalence implies function extensionality that is less mysterious to me. The proof uses many of the same ingredients as the existing proofs, but requires definitional eta rules for both function and product types. It works for simple function types, and would work for dependent function types if we had the beta-reduction rule for transporting along univalence as a definitional equality.
The proof
Relative to something like simplicial sets, one of the surprising things about the HoTT axiomatization of ∞-groupoids is that what looks like a statement about the points of a type often will determine what happens at higher dimensions. For example, for product types A * B , the point-level pairing and projection functions determine the path-level structure (a path in a product is a pair of paths), and the path-between-path-level structure (a path between pairs-of-paths is a pair of paths-between-paths), and so on. Function extensionality is another example of the same phenomenon: with univalence, the point-level abstraction and application determine the path-level structure (for any two functions, the type of paths between them is the same as the type of homotopies/pointwise equalities), and the path-between-path structure (a path between homotopies is again given pointwise), and so on. For simplicity, let's consider non-dependent functions, and by function extensionality I mean the fact that
funext : {A B : Type} (f g : A → B) → (f == g) == ((x : A) → f x == g x)
where == is the identity type. See the note at the end on matching the formulation/proof in the book.
funext says that the paths in a function type are (equivalent to) a function type, so there are “λ” and “application” operations on paths in a function type. The “λ” operation, which goes from (x : A) → f x == g x to (f == g) , is the direction that is not present in standard intensional type theory. Univalence-implies-funext says that this fact is somehow a consequence of the point-level operations on function types (λ-abstraction and application), together with univalence: we don't need to put in a new path-level “λ” and “application”; they're already there.
To see why, it helps to focus not on the identity type x == y , but the total path space
Paths A = Σ ((x,y) : A × A). x == y
One of the consequences of path induction is that there is an equivalence (hence equality) between the total path space of A and A:
contract-Paths : Paths A == A
From left-to-right, we can send ((x,y),p) to x . From right-to-left, we can send x to ((x,x),id) . One round-trip is definitionally the identity, and the other is the identity by path induction. Then univalence says that this equivalence determines an equality. Intuitively, up to homotopy, having two points connected by a path is the same as just having one point.
contract-Paths helps explain why point-level operations determine path-level operations: all constructions respect equality (by transport/ap ), so whatever operations we have on A can be translated, by contract-Paths , to operations on Paths A . For example, define
Homotopies A B = Σ (fg : (A -> B) × (A → B)). (x : A) → fst fg x == snd fg x
Then here is a back-of-the-envelope calculation of function extensionality:
Paths (A -> B) == A -> B [by contract-Paths at A -> B] == A -> (Paths B) [by contract-Paths at B, applied in the context (A -> -)] == Homotopies A B [this equivalence can be proved using eta]
First, what does this have to do with function extensionality? The first line is the type of pairs ((f : A -> B, g : A -> B),p: f == g) . The bottom line is the type of pairs ((f,g),h) where h : (x :A) -> f x == g x . Thus, this calculation says that, when packaged together with their endpoints, the type of pointwise homotopies between functions is the same as the type of paths between functions. I say that it is a “back-of-the-envelope” calculation because we also need to know that the dependency works out correctly, which we will discuss below.
Read from bottom to top (which is the direction of function extensionality that doesn't exist in raw intensional type theory), this calculation says that a pointwise homotopy can be translated, through A -> B , to a path between functions. So the “λ” for Paths (A -> B) , which lets you turn a pointwise homotopy into a path, is really coming from the point-level λ in A -> B , translated along contract-Paths . The first step, the equivalence between A -> (Paths B) and Homotopies A B can be defined directly, without using univalence, if you have η for function and Σ types (without η you'd need function extensionality to prove it! But with η the composites are definitionally the identity.)—it's just commuting some Σ's and Π's.
What does univalence have to do with this? Without univalence, one can show that A and Paths A AGE equivalent, but not that they are equal. I am fond of saying that the reason univalence is a sensible principle to add to type theory is that any transport/ap along a use of univalence in a known fibration/function can be reduced; but without function extensionality, this is not actually true. In particular, without univalence or function extensionality, you can't prove that if A is equivalent to B then X -> A is equivalent to X -> B —that the function type preserves equivalence in its codomain (Lemma 4.9.2 in the book). With univalence (but without funext), an equivalence e : Equiv A B determines a path
ap (\ A' -> (X -> A')) (ua e) : (X -> A) == (X -> B)
and therefore an equivalence between X -> A and X -> B (moreover, the forward direction is post-composition with p , as in the book.). This is exactly the justification for the “applied in context A -> - ” part of the above calculation. The -> type is a map out of the universe, and thus, univalence “adds” a new fact about function types that is not present in non-univalent type theory: that -> preserves equivalences. (This is why I've changed my mind from an my initial reaction that univalence should be “orthogonal” to function types: the function types in question involve the universe that univalence is asserting something about.) The proofs of UA-implies-funext that I have seen have all used this lemma (Lemma 4.9.2 in the book), but it has always been a bit mysterious to me why it comes up, or how you would think to consider it. For me, at least, the idea of translating operations on A to and from operations on Paths A is a nice way to motivate it.
To finish the proof, we need to check that the above equivalence sends ((f,g),p) to ((f,g),h) for the same (f,g) —i.e. that it commutes with first projection. This can be proved by a path induction, followed by a short calculation; see here.
Finally, to match the formulation of function extensionality in Section 2.9 of the HoTT book, we should also ask for the computation rule
funext-ap= : {A B : Type} {f g : A → B} (α : f == g)
→ coe (funext f g) α == \ x -> ap= α {x}
which says that the “top-to-bottom” direction of the equivalence is the map that one would write by path induction. This can also be proved by a path induction and then a little calculation; see the linked Agda file.
The same proof works for dependent functions, except you'd need the beta-reduction for transporting along univalence as a definitional equality; see
here.
Coproducts
It is also instructive to look at whether the same proof applies to other types. For coproducts, first define the “codes” family as follows:
C : (x y : Either A B) → Type
C (Inl a) (Inl a') = a == a'
C (Inr b) (Inr b') = b == b'
C _ _ = Void
Then we can calculate
Paths (Either A B)
== Either A B [contract-Paths at Either A B]
== Either (Paths A) (Paths B) [contract-Paths at A and B, plus univalence]
== Σ (x:Either A B,y : Either A B). C(x,y) [proved directly]
The equivalence between the third and fourth lines just involves commuting some Σ's and coproducts, and can be proved without using path induction or univalence. As above, one can check that this commutes with first projection and that the map from top to bottom is what you would expect; see here.
However, the key difference between coproducts and functions, and the reason why we don't need univalence to prove this theorem, is that one can also prove the equivalence
Either A B == Either (Paths A) (Paths B)
directly, without using univalence. I would explain this difference using polarity. Path induction treats the identity type as a positive/left-invertible type: whenever you have an assumption of Paths A on the left, like
x : Paths A |- c : C(x)
you can immediately switch to proving
x' : A |- c' : C((x',x'),refl)
Coproducts are also positive/left invertible. A general fact about polarity is that like-polarity connectives play nicely together. In this case, the key point is that when you have Either (Paths A) (Paths B) on the left, you can left-invert (case-analyze) the coproduct, and then left-invert (do path-induction on) the paths—this is what lets you construct the equivalence by hand for coproducts, without using univalence.
In contrast, functions are negative/right invertible. In the corresponding situation for functions, suppose you try to construct an equivalence between A -> Paths B and A -> B by hand. In this case, you will have A -> Paths B on the left. But functions are not left-invertible, so the path induction that you want to do on is “blocked” by the A -> - connective. From this point of view, I would say that
univalence implies function extensionality because it lets you do path induction under an ->
The Circle
I was wondering whether this proof template helps with higher inductives, but it doesn't seem to. Here's how it would look for the circle:
Paths S1 == S1 [contract-Paths] == Σ (x:S1,y:S1). C(x,y)
Between the second and third lines, for a fixed x , we need to prove that
Σ(y:S1). C(x,y) is contractible, which is essentially the original proof that the total spaces of the cover is contractible.
Streams
However, it seems like we can use the same proof template for other coinductive types. Suppose we have a coinductively defined type of infinite streams defined by
hd : Stream A -> A tl : Stream A -> Stream A
with bisimulation defined by
Bisimilar : Stream A -> Stream A -> Type hd' : Bisimilar s1 s1 -> hd s1 == hd s2 tl' : Bisimilar s1 s2 -> Bisimilar (tl s1) (tl s2)
Then we can calculate as follows:
Paths (Stream A) == Stream A [by contract-Paths] == Stream (Paths A) [by contact-Paths and univalence] == Σ (x:S1,y:S1). Bisimilar x y
I haven't fully checked the equivalence between lines 3 and 4, or that this preserves first projection (I need to update Agda to get the latest treatment of coinduction), but it seems like it should work.
Image copyright AP Image caption How will the future of Syria be rebuilt after years of conflict?
While the Syrian refugee crisis grabs the headlines, a less visible story with equally calamitous implications is unfolding in its shadow.
An entire generation of Syrians has had its education truncated, and the country's once flourishing academic community has been scattered or driven underground.
The scale of the problem, according to the president of the Institute of International Education (IIE), Allan Goodman, is "unprecedented" in the near 100-year history of his New-York based organisation.
Higher education in Syria was expanding on the eve of the conflict in 2011, with some 350,000 full-time undergraduates and more than 8,000 lecturers and professors.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Rebel fighters outside Aleppo: A generation of Syrians has missed out on education
More than a quarter of young people were going into higher education.
Five years later, around 2,000 academics and hundreds of thousands of students are living in the refugee camps of Turkey and Jordan.
Many more are lost among the millions of internally displaced Syrians.
"Even in Iraq, when professors were being assassinated and there was terrible violence, many universities managed to stay open, and many students continued to study," says Mr Goodman.
But in Syria, universities were often deliberately targeted and destroyed.
Mr Goodman says the international community has only recently started to appreciate the gravity of the problem - and the need for higher education to be part of any rebuilding and post-war reconstruction.
Image copyright Bard Free Press Image caption Sana Mustafa, a student from Damascus: "I knew no one, I had no money, I mean it, nothing"
The IIE has been working to rescue scholars from Syria and to help refugees.
Sana Mustafa is now a final year undergraduate at Bard College in New York.
She had been a business student in Damascus and had been detained by the Syrian secret police after taking part in an anti-government demonstration in 2011.
She was released and in 2013 went to Lebanon to take part in conflict resolution and peace-building workshops.
While there she won a place on a US-Middle East programme at the Roger Williams University in Washington DC and arrived in the US in the summer of 2013.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Albert Einstein was among the generation of refugee academics who escaped Nazi Germany
"I was supposed to stay two months, but while here my dad got detained in Syria."
"I couldn't go back. My mum and two sisters fled to Turkey. I had been in my fourth year, I had nearly finished, just one a semester left, but I couldn't continue with it, because first I had to survive."
"I was trying to find shelter, a ceiling to sleep under, and to get political asylum.
"I started moving from place to place. I stayed in nine places in one year, always couches, I never had my own bed. I was staying with random people, I knew no one, I had no money, I mean it, nothing."
The IIE were able to help her to apply for scholarships - and her current college offered her full funding.
Dr Talal al Mayhni, a neuroscientist at Cambridge University's Department of Clinical Neurosciences, left Syria in 2011.
"As a Syrian, all I can say is we lost control of what is going on in our country... I am not wanting to blame anyone.
"I think there are a reasonable number of scholarships available to support Syrians. But there are lots of obstacles, and it's not just the academics. You have the postgraduates and undergraduates who have lost years of their lives."
"It has affected a whole generation."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Refugees arriving in Germany, a country which has spent the most on rescuing academics
As for his former university, Dr al Mayhni hears: "There are informers everywhere. It's not a place for academic excellence any more, sadly."
Another Syrian academic at a UK university, who wished to remain anonymous, said that at Aleppo University, things got to the point where "there was no electricity, and it was often difficult to find water. But we did our best".
Staffing of his faculty reduced from nearly 60 to 10 and most of his male students had been forced to join the army.
More stories from the BBC's Global education series looking at education from an international perspective and how to get in touch
But there are some glimmerings of light and initiatives to pluck a few more Syrian scholars from the furnace.
The IIE's Scholar Rescue Fund and the Finnish government's Centre for International Mobility (CIMO) has launched a scheme to allow Syrian scholars to continue their work in Finnish universities.
Selecting the students can be difficult.
"It's a very challenging and sensitive process," said James King, assistant director of the IIE's Scholar Rescue Fund.
Image copyright AP Image caption Syria's war has seen towns and cities destroyed and communities scattered
As with any scholarship application, they're asked to supply CVs, references, samples of publications - but for many, meeting these requirements is impossible. Documents are lost or withheld, referees can be gagged by hostile institutions.
The joint project with Finland will add a few more rescued academics to the 83 from Syria and 304 from Iraq awarded fellowships by the Scholar Rescue Fund.
The Council for At Risk Academics (CARA) is the direct descendant of the Academic Assistance Council founded by William Beveridge, director of the London School of Economics, in 1933 to help academics suffering under Nazi persecution.
It has since had many changes of name - but its job is essentially the same, and it has never been short of work.
"Our founders were very clear, their mission was in two parts: the relief of suffering, and the advancement of learning and science, " said Stephen Wordsworth, executive director of CARA.
"Certainly the Syrians we're helping are quite clear they want to go back to help build a better society when that's possible", he added.
"It's very much the way they think. A couple of years ago we were having the same experience with Iraq, and 90% of them did go back".
Image copyright AP Image caption The murder of Khaled al-Asaad at Palmyra highlighted the attack on scholarship in Syria
There were cases of academics who returned to Mosul, in northern Iraq, and then had to leave a second time after its occupation by the so-called Islamic State group.
Assassinations of professors in Iraqi cities, alongside the murder of the Palmyra archaeologist Khaled al-Asaad in 2015, raised awareness of the desperate situation of scholars.
"Higher education is a very international business, and there's an awareness of our responsibilities to our peers," Mr Wordsworth added.
CARA works with a network of 113 universities in the UK. Their support to help Syrian scholars, in terms of fee waiver and living costs, increased to over £2m in 2015.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Home front: A family home has become sniper post. How will civilian life return?
"They are all trying to help," said Mr Wordsworth.
The academics who have found sanctuary abroad have cast light on conditions for those still trying to work in Syria.
"Some universities are still operating, some have shut down altogether," Mr Wordsworth said.
Simply getting to work could be perilous: "They find themselves going through multiple checkpoints run by assorted militias... they get robbed, they get dragged away to join the army… or they just get beaten up."
The biggest efforts to help displaced Syrian scholars have come from Germany.
In 2014 the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) won government funding of 7.8m euro (£6m) to offer 200 scholarships. It received over 5,000 applications, half from academics still in Syria.
"We put together a travelling selection committee of 25 German professors", said DAAD's Middle East region head Dr Christian Hulshorster. "We travelled for three weeks, interviewing in Istanbul Beirut, Cairo and Erbil."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Thousands of former academics and students are now living as refugees
These students, mostly postgraduates, are now studying in German universities.
There are also science research fellowships named after Jewish pathologist Philipp Schwartz, who fled Nazi Germany in 1933 and founded the Emergency Society of German Scholars Abroad.
Another German 100m euro (£80m) initiative has been launched this year, to help refugees who were already in, or about to start higher education back home.
DAAD's secretary general, Dorothea Ruland, said these students were important as they would eventually return to Syria and inspire future generations.
Mr Goodman says if he had a "magic wand" he would create an entire university in exile.
There have been two examples of this - the New York School for Social Research, funded by the Rockefellers in 1933, and the European Humanities University, opened in Vilnius, Lithuania in 2005, in exile from Minsk in Belarus.
But with the political debate on refugees becoming heated, the idea of rescuing scholars is getting tougher.
There have been questions about the morality of offering sanctuary to professors while others are left to the mercy of traffickers.
It's not an argument Mr Goodman accepts: "We need a change of mindset... We know that refugees spend many years in camps, and to have a whole generation growing up in a camp with no education is a very dangerous thing."
Oakland pot candy maker pleads guilty OAKLAND
The owner of an Oakland factory that produced marijuana candy with names like Buddafinga and Mr. Greenbud has pleaded guilty to conspiring to manufacture and distribute marijuana.
Michael Martin, 33, of El Sobrante entered a guilty plea at a hearing Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Oakland. He is scheduled to be sentenced July 2 by Judge Claudia Wilken.
Martin is the owner of Tainted Inc., which started as a boutique business that made chocolate truffles and grew into a large marijuana-candy maker that bought chocolate by the ton, authorities said.
Tainted Inc. employee Jessica Sanders has been charged with illegally using a phone to distribute marijuana, a felony, while employees Michael Anderson and Diallo McLinn - the son of longtime Berkeley activist Osha Neumann - were each charged with a misdemeanor count of marijuana possession.
Authorities said Tainted made candies with names that played off popular legal treats: Budda- finga, Mr. Greenbud, Stoners. The business also made pot-laced items such as cookies, ice cream, peanut butter, granola bars and barbecue sauce, according to the Drug Enforcement Administration.
When the federal government charged Tainted Inc.'s owner and employees in September, authorities said the company supplied the marijuana-laced candies to cannabis clubs in the Bay Area, Los Angeles, Seattle, Vancouver, British Columbia and Amsterdam.
Before surrendering to face the charges in October, Martin blasted the U.S. government for what he called an unfair attack by federal bullies on ailing patients who rely on medical marijuana.
Martin said he joined the medical-marijuana movement after seeing his father die painfully of prostate cancer in 2002 after a 10-year battle. His father refused to use marijuana because of a federal ban on all types of the drug. Martin said he uses medical marijuana to ease pain after a fall left him with seven screws and a steel plate in his left heel. He said he also has degenerative cartilage in his right knee.
In September, federal agents raided his factory on the 900 block of 61st Street in North Oakland and a building on the 300 block of 40th Street where marijuana was grown.
The investigation bears similarities to DEA raids in Oakland in 2006 in which five people connected with a company called Beyond Bomb were convicted of making marijuana-laced treats with names like Munchy Way, Rasta Reece's and Puff-a-Mint Pattie.
In federal marijuana cases, defense attorneys are barred from telling jurors that companies supply medical cannabis products through licensed dispensaries to qualified patients. Proposition 215, the initiative approved in 1996 by state voters, legalized growing and using marijuana for medical purposes with a doctor's recommendation. Under federal law, marijuana used for any purpose is illegal.
Today's game against the Rams is the final straw. If John Mara and Steve Tisch both don't sit down tonight and fire Ben McAdoo and Jerry Reese well then they are both gutless cowards.
The Giants are a mess. They are a literal dumpster fire. Everything about the team sucks. Enough already and just part ways with the failed coach and the incompetent general manager.
The Giants just lost 51-17 to the Rams. This is a complete humiliation. Giants fans are embarrassed and the players don't even care enough to give a real effort on the field.
No player in the locker respects McAdoo. Could not be more obvious with Janoris Jenkins and DRC both being suspended at points during the year.
The offense has only regressed since McAdoo started as the offensive coordinator and then became head coach.
Yet. McAdoo still keeps chirping along that the team looks great in practice. Update coach: WHO THE HELL CARES WHAT YOU DO AT PRACTICE WHEN YOUR 1-7 AND JUST LOST BY 34 AT HOME! A clown cares and that's exactly what McAdoo is.
Not everything is McAdoo's fault..,. Jerry Reese has failed to address the linebacker position and offensive line for years. The last good Giants linebacker was Antonio Pierce. Seriously, every other linebacker since has been a cast off signed a minimum contract or a draft pick picked in rounds 4-7. It's really ridiculous how a GM continues to neglect positions of need year after year.
Time for Mara to break a trend and dump both Reese and McAdoo tomorrow morning. No Giants fan should have to deal with this pathetic nonsense anymore.
Story highlights The reforms of the 1965 Voting Rights Act are under threat, says Donna Brazile
Brazile: Lawmakers in 40 states have introduced legislation that would make it harder to vote
Voting would be harder especially for people of color, the young and seniors, she says
The Department of Justice must continue to safeguard American voting rights, Brazile says
Tuesday, Attorney General Eric Holder delivers a major speech on voting rights at the Lyndon Baines Johnson Presidential Library in Austin, Texas. The location is significant: In 1965, President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law, a landmark piece of civil rights legislation that banned the worst forms of racial discrimination in American elections.
Over the past five decades, the VRA and other federal and state election reforms have greatly expanded access to the ballot box. As a testament to their success, the 2008 presidential electorate was the largest and most demographically diverse in the history of the United States. But the protections the VRA affords have not lost their relevance, or their indispensability. In the past year, lawmakers in 40 states have introduced legislation that would make it harder for all eligible Americans to vote -- and harder disproportionately for people of color, young Americans, and our seniors.
Some Southern states, like Florida, South Carolina, and Texas, have not only passed legislation restricting the right to vote, but also have refused to comply with their responsibilities under the VRA. The law requires certain states with histories of voting discrimination to submit any change in election law to the U.S. Department of Justice for "preclearance" before it can be implemented. Because these states for so long flaunted an obstinate refusal to allow African-Americans equal access to the voting booth, the VRA requires they demonstrate that new changes will not have a discriminatory effect.
South Carolina and Texas both passed requirements that voters present restrictive forms of government-issued photo ID at polling places, even though 25% of African-Americans and 19% of Latinos lack the necessary form of ID. After passing their laws, both of these states filed preclearance letters with DOJ, but neither could explain how the new law avoided repeating an abhorrent history of discrimination.
CNN Contributor Donna Brazile
Florida severely restricted voter registration drives, although minority voters register through drives at twice the rate of white voters. The Sunshine State also cut early voting, the process through which more than half of the state's African-Americans cast ballots in 2008. Florida implemented its restrictive bill in violation of the VRA and only submitted the legislation for preclearance after it was sued in federal court. When DOJ questioned the discriminatory impact of these changes, Florida removed the most controversial parts of its law from the department's consideration and instead asked a federal court to excuse it from its obligations under the VRA.
These states are seemingly unable and have clearly failed to craft election laws that will affect all equally. And, apparently, they don't even want to. Rather than work toward solutions that allow more eligible Americans to vote, some states have filed lawsuits arguing that parts of the VRA -- one of our nation's most successful pieces of civil rights legislation -- are unconstitutional.
Ensuring that all citizens can exercise their right to vote extends beyond just those states with significant histories of race discrimination. In 2011, many other states have embarked on voter suppression efforts. In a new report, "Defending Democracy," the NAACP and NAACP Legal Defense Fund examine the past year's assault on voting, demonstrating that the "onslaught of restrictive measures" was "designed to stem electoral strength among communities of color."
This is only the latest in a series of reports highlighting the wrongheadedness of this movement against voting rights. Earlier this month, the Democratic National Committee's Voting Rights Institute released a major report which said Republicans have undertaken this effort purely for partisan gain. Earlier this year, the Brennan Center for Justice and Advancement Project also released substantial reports.
Testifying before Congress in November, Holder said that legislation aimed at voter suppression is "inconsistent with what we say we are as a nation." I couldn't agree more. Johnson signed the VRA to ensure that the right to vote extended to all Americans, regardless of their race. The VRA was more than just another federal law; it was -- and remains -- the embodiment of years of struggle, resulting from countless sacrifices of brave men and women who built the civil rights movement.
We must not allow a new generation of restrictions to condition the right to vote on arbitrary qualifications and discriminatory rules. I welcome Holder's voice to the chorus of millions of Americans who have defended the sanctity of the vote. And I hope that DOJ will continue to move our nation forward and protect every eligible citizen's fundamental right to vote.
More articles by
Posted in mtg Posted on Monday, May 11th, 2015 by Evan Erwin wearing a BeretMore articles by Averine Posted in best of
When Magic was first released in 1993 it was met with critical acclaim. The idea of taking these myths and fantasy tropes and reducing them to a collectible item, and a populist one at that, spoke to the spirit of the times. They were addicting, ironic, and above all consumable; perfect for the anger and energy of a post-Cold War, globalized world. With the success of the first set, Alpha, and the later Warholian reproductions Beta and Unlimited, the public wondered what milieu Garfield would tackle next. Arabian Nights dealt with ideas of appropriation in a U.S. becoming more embroiled in Middle Eastern conflicts (with cards like the masterpiece Juzám Djinn which pokes subtle fun at the Iran-Contra Scandal) while The Dark confronted environmental issues in a neo-gothic aesthetic (Ashes to Ashes, Brainwash, Marsh Gas).
While Magic has always been very socially conscious with its parallels, such as New Phyrexia as a parable of gentrification or Onslaught Block as a mirror of how we perpetuate genocide, I think it has become too brazen, even over-the-top, in its political statements. Gone is the subtlety of cards like Goblin Balloon Brigade. Instead we are left with shlock like Return to the Ranks. We get it. 9/11 happened. I'd like to take a moment to hearken back to a time when Magic was designed, not just manufactured, and focus on a set, half-finished yet full of promise. Magic: Motherland.
While many of you know that Richard (I can call him that) holds a PhD in Mathematics, few know that his undergrad was in Russian literature. You can see traces of the writings of Dostoyevsky and Gogol in his work, but it was in Motherland that he let himself indulge. Much as Arabian Nights was based on the titular collection, Motherland draws from the strongest and most enduring texts from the other side of the Curtain. And each card is a masterpiece. Take for example this card:
A chaotic mess from art to text box, Bureaucracy is wholly itself. Whose upkeep? Doesn't untap ever? The life and/or(!) mana requirement further obfuscate this card, though it's clear that it slows the game down. Also notice the counters, which become a recurring theme in the set.
Or take the following:
Taken from Chekhov's play of the same name, Sea Gull is what the character Nina is. Empty. Pointless. Uninteresting. Limited fodder. The kind of thing that could be reprinted in 9th Edition and then forgotten about. Sea Gull is Quag Sickness is Ke$ha is Coke Zero. Art as forgettable as the card itself. A piece of cardboard to throw away. This is by no means the only card inspired by Chekhov's work:
The story implicit in this card is palpable. Vanya is pained but powerless to do anything about that pain. And his aggressive costing as a 2/2 for 1G encourages combat. A being who only lives by the violence he inflicts, but is too cowardly to inflict it on himself. There is this card in each of us. Complimented by its wonderful art, grotesque and confronting so that we don't have to confront ourselves.
Of course Gogol and his work make an appearance. Akaky Akakievich Bashmachkin is a poem. Much like Uncle Vanya, so much is carried in so little text. The detail of not specifying “counter” in the second line causes us to think of the overcoats that we attempt to put on ourselves day in and day out. A marked improvement over its predecessor Pearled Unicorn, except for the art which Richard's father stood for. Richard's work was by no means limited to the Russians; Czech and Polish literature provided a fertile ground for ideas to take root:
I see a lot of parallels between the work of Richard and Franz Kafka; the shuffling, the obsession with paper and numbers, the competitiveness over small shifts in prestige. Wizards of the Coast itself has become that shadowy bureaucratic authority that Richard and Kafka set out to critique. And Gregor Samsa is a scathing critique. Life as a process of toil until death. The specification of it being Gregor Samsa, the totally arbitrary change counters, all of this speaks to the minimum wage jobs Richard was working as a starving artist at the time of Magic's conception. And finally, my favorite card of the bunch:
This card is a home run, oozing with flavor and artistic flair. The mounting action of its murders, the weight of the counters making the card heavier and less easy to manipulate, the mere cost of a mana to kill again. Some believe the green background was a printing error but Richard was sending us a message about the savagery that lives inside of each of us.
With the slog of beat-you-over-the-head sets being released today, Battle for Zendikar being only the newest and worst in an egregious line, It's important to look back at our roots. Magic was a game about self-expression made by a starving artist on a basement Xerox machine. However, I do think that Magic is coming out of a dry spell: Magic 2010 tried to recapture the essence of what made Alpha such a powerful statement, Modern Masters is a wonderful stab at nostalgia and how it alters our patterns of consumption, and I'd be lying if I said I wasn't excited to see David Lynch's direction in the upcoming Magic movie. As usual, the Technocrats of the Coast have not invited me to attend the Richard Garfield Memorial Hotdog Eating Contest this Sunday in Renton, but he will be in my heart.
Peace.
Evan Erwin in a Beret is a Good Gamery correspondent.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Review: Thy Art is Murder – Dear Desolation Share:
Ah, Thy Art is Murder. Much like the sub-genre to which they belong, they're divisive and you either love them or hate them. Perhaps you even hate them so much that you feel you need to write multiple pointless articles expressing the unnecessary amount of hate you have towards their music while praising other bands that do the same thing. That seems like a ridiculous waste of time to me, but I digress. Thy Art is Murder are often referred to as one of, if not the best deathcore band around, but does Dear Desolation, their new album, help them maintain that status?
The short answer is yes, though I don't think deathcore is an accurate moniker anymore. While I do love this band, every album so far has taken a period of time for it to grow and for me to truly enjoy it. This album changed that. It punches you in the throat instantly with “Slaves Beyond Death”. After that comes “Son of Misery”, which is straight-up Behemoth worship. Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery and they absolutely nail it. From there, it's complete devastation throughout the rest of Dear Desolation's run time. There is no filler on this album, and while there are a few almost doom-y breaks in some of the songs, it always comes back to the relentless onslaught of sound that Thy Art is Murder have become known for.
The band's previous album Holy War felt like Hate 2.0. Dear Desolation sees Thy Art is Murder evolving past the days of Hate while still maintaining their unique sound. The drumming on this album is absolutely phenomenal and a noticeable improvement over previous albums. The same could be said for every aspect of their sound. Even CJ McMahon's vocals are more powerful than they have been in a long time. Props to him for getting his shit together and reuniting with the band.
The riffing is much tighter than on previous albums and tends to make its menacing presence much more known. An issue I had always had with this band was that they treated riffs and atmosphere as mutually exclusive elements. On Dear Desolation they are one. It's extremely noticeable on songs like “Death Dealer” and “Fire in the Sky” and is a welcome improvement. It's the kind of combination which makes me hope that they find a way to incorporate some elements of black metal on their next release.
If you didn't like Thy Art is Murder before, this album may have the potential to change your mind. However, if you did like them, then this album is likely to become your favorite as it has become mine. Will it top the monster releases from Shadow of Intent and Aversions Crown? No, not by a long shot, and that's fine, variety is the spice of death. Bottom line is Thy Art is Murder have improved in every way and crafted an apocalyptic death metal album that grabs you by your neck and forces you to headbang until the final curtain closes.
4/5 Flaming Toilets
Dear Desolation releases on August 18th through Nuclear Blast Records .
Did you dig this? Take a second to support Toilet ov Hell on Patreon!
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan returns to Istanbul amid chaos on streets and says he remains in control, blaming ‘treason' on a faction within armed forces
A military coup has been attempted in Turkey, pitching one of the Middle East's key hubs of power into sudden turmoil and prompting supporters of the country's elected president to take to the streets.
In a statement released through Turkish television channels on Friday night, people claiming to speak for the military said the army was in charge of the country, accusing the government of the president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, of eroding Turkey's secular traditions.
But as soldiers and tanks moved into key positions around Istanbul and the capital, Ankara, people poured into the streets. A night of confrontations, loud blasts and gunfire ensued across the capital, with at least 17 reportedly killed and scores wounded while fighter jets and helicopters buzzed overhead.
Early on Saturday morning Erdoğan's plane landed in Istanbul, with the president clearly determined to assert that the coup had been repelled and he remained in charge.
In a live TV address after his arrival at Istanbul Ataturk airport, where he was welcomed by crowds, Erdoğan said the uprising was an act of “treason” and that those responsible would pay a “heavy price”.
“Those who stain the military's reputation must leave. The process has started today and it will continue just as we fight other terrorist groups,” said a translation of his remarks.
The Turkish prime minister, Binali Yildirim, said in the early hours of Saturday morning that those involved in the coup were being rounded up and more than 120 arrests had been made.
On Friday night gunfire erupted outside military headquarters and vehicles blocked two major bridges in Istanbul. Soldiers and tanks at one point blocked entry to Istanbul's main Ataturk airport and stopped flights, according to the private Dogan news agency.
But the military did not appear unified, with top commanders taking to television to condemn the action and order troops back to their barracks.
“Those who are attempting a coup will not succeed. Our people should know that we will overcome this,” General Zekai Aksakalli, the commander of the military special forces, told the private NTV television by telephone.
Fighter jets under the control of loyalist forces flew over the capital to strike at helicopters flown by coup supporters, the state-run Anadolu news agency said. Private NTV television reported that one helicopter was shot down.
Erdoğan said the uprising had been carried out by a “minority” within the military opposed to national unity. He claimed some in the military had been taking orders from the US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, and that the attempted coup showed the Gulen was heading an armed terrorist organisation. Gulen has denied involvement.
Erdoğan has long accused Gulen of attempting to use his followers in the judiciary and military to undermine Turkey's government.
According to the translation, the president said he would not hand Turkey over to occupiers and that the cabinet was functioning in Ankara. Erdoğan further said he would stay “with my people”.
Earlier, military vehicles had shut off parts of major cities and imposed a de facto curfew, with gunfire heard in the capital, Ankara, and in Istanbul, Turkey's second city. Early on Saturday morning there were reports of explosions and tankfire at the Turkish parliament in Ankara but the exact situation was unclear.
Fighter jets and helicopters flew overhead. The president declared that orders had been given to “eradicate” those who were shooting from the air.
Barack Obama urged all parties in Turkey to back the “democratically elected” government, a clear denunciation of the attempted coup.
Erdoğan had been on holiday in the resort of Marmaris when soldiers made their bid for power. The president appeared initially unable to reach television studios as reports of the coup first spread and the military appeared on the streets. He is finally speaking with CNN via FaceTime two hours into the drama.
Erdoğan, whose party won 49.5% of the vote last November, called on Turks to rally in public. “I urge the Turkish people to convene at public squares and airports,” he said. “There is no power higher than the power of the people,” he continued, adding that the judiciary “will swiftly respond to this attack”.
The events have the potential to change the dynamic of regional politics, with Turkey's current government a key player – and previously a rare beacon of relative stability – in the troubled Middle East. Turkey is a Nato member and hosts US military bases. It is a major backer of rebel factions in the Syrian civil war and a key partner in Europe's attempt to stop migration flows.
Turkey coup attempt: gunfire in Ankara as military aircraft fly over capital Read more
The British foreign office advised UK citizens in Turkey to avoid public places. Other countries gave similar advice to their nationals.
In statements to broadcasters, the coup's leaders said that all foreign relations would remain stable under their control.
But a spokesman for the president said he remained in power. “Turkey's democratically elected president and government are in power,” the spokesman said. “We will not tolerate attempts to undermine our democracy.”
He added: “A group within the armed forces has made an attempt to overthrow the democratically elected government outside the chain of command. The statement made on behalf of the armed forces wasn't authorised by the military command. We urge the world to stand in solidarity with the Turkish people.”
As the sun set across Turkey on Friday there had been few signs anything unusual was about to unfold. But then came television reports that roads in Istanbul had been shut, leading to fears of another terrorist threat – days after dozens were killed by extremists at the city's main airport.
As the night wore on rumours of a coup instead began to spread and military planes flew low overhead. Gunshots were reported in both the capital, Ankara, and in Istanbul's Taksim Square, where secular campaigners based a shortlived protest movement against Erdoğan in 2013.
On Istiklal, another of the city's main streets, people were running in all directions. Some civilians seemed to be celebrating but others were criticising the army. They included one man with a megaphone. A soldier fired his gun into the air in order to disperse the crowd.
Army vehicles fanned out through Istanbul with tanks seen outside the country's main airport and military trucks filmed blocking the bridges connecting the city's Asian and European sides. A soldier was filmed telling passers-by: “It's a coup, go home.”
A de facto curfew appeared to have been imposed by parts of the military, with one state channel reporting martial law had been imposed. Angry crowds in some areas then disregarded the apparent order, gathering to protest against the coup attempt. Some squared off against soldiers, with some army officials then reportedly opening fire in return. One video appeared to show soldiers and policemen squaring up against each other. Reuters reported that tanks had opened fire near the parliament in Ankara.
Some Turks rushed to stockpile food and water, and withdraw cash from banks, amid fears of a potential administrative meltdown in the coming days.
Turkey's prime minister, Binali Yildirim, echoed his president's words, telling a television interviewer: “Some people illegally undertook an illegal action outside of the chain of command. The government elected by the people remains in charge. This government will only go when the people say so.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Turkish soldiers block Istanbul's Bosphorus Bridge in Istanbul. Photograph: Gokhan Tan/Getty Images
The presidency claimed it had the support of opposition leaders and the army high command.
Turkey has a long history of coups but Erdoğan's Islamist-leaning government was believed to be in a stronger position than previous civilian administrations, with the president's position shored up during a decade of economic success. He also inserted loyalists into key parts of the state apparatus and increasingly cracked down on suspected plotters.
But recent events have destabilised the country, with Kurdish rebels fighting a new insurgency in the south-east of the country. The Syrian civil war has also spilt over into Turkey, with Isis mounting a series of terror attacks across Turkey in the past year, killing hundreds.
Erdoğan's Islamist-aligned government was also perceived by liberal wings of Turkish society to be infringing on the secular traditions established by the father of the modern Turkish state, Kemal Ataturk.
NEW YORK (AP) — Nordstrom says it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories, creating some questions about the future of the brand elsewhere.
That innocuous headline caught my eye Friday, because it confirmed the arrival of what FOX Business Network and SRN financial commentator Lou Dobbs brilliantly calls “Corporate Bullying.”
Naturally, Seattle-based Nordstrom stores won't cop to knuckling-under to threats of “boycotts” by ad hoc online terrorists like the group #Grab Your Wallet. When I contacted Nordstrom headquarters to get the straight-skinny on why Ivanka Trump's product line is really being dropped. I received the following homogenized, weasel-worded response from “Scott L.” in Nordstrom Customer Care center:
Hello Tom,
Thank you for being a long time customer and for sharing your stance on this issue. Nordstrom aims to be a fair and impartial business during these tumultuous times, and we definitely take every email, call, and chat about this situation to heart. Based on customer sales for the Ivanka Trump brand, we have decided not to buy it for this Spring season. Please be assured that this was not a politically influenced decision in any way. I will definitely communicate your feedback to our management, as we want to give equal attention to every customer's stance on the matter. Thank you for your time.
Full disclosure: I do not personally know “Scott L.” so I have no portfolio for-or-against against him personally. But his response is both evasive and nonsensical for two reasons: (a) Nordstrom clearly is making a politically influenced decision by caving to irrational threats of boycotts from groups with little more than a website and self-generated letterhead and (b) the proof is in their announcement itself. If kicking Ivanka Trump to the curb is NOT political, I'd like Nordstrom to provide their announcements and press releases of any other product lines they have dropped in the past. I requested such a list and…..crickets.
Nordstrom's thus joins the Rogue's Gallery of businesses trying to appease fringe, Occupy Wall Street-types (most of whom are unlikely to have ever set foot in any Nordstrom's store) who have ramped-up an outrageous, vengeful campaign against any business even tangentially tied to our 45th President. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick abruptly resigned from President Trump's Business Advisory Council—a sounding board for top business leaders to communicate directly with Mr. Trump—after his company was under online attack accusing his drivers of (gasp!) seeking profits by giving rides to airport customers during a taxi strike by folks protesting the Administration's immigration policy. Of course, a logical individual would have kept his seat at the table, and spoken out directly when in the President's presence. But the new pestilence of Corporate Bullying dictated Kalanick drop off the advisory board entirely.
Then we have the case of small-business owner Casey Patten, co-founder of Washington, D.C. hoagie chain Taylor Gourmet. His offense was merely being photographed talking with President Trump at a White House meeting on ways to help small businesses succeed and create more jobs. That picture unleashed a Twitter barrage against Patten, including one call to boycott his stores “and make him a really small business.” So Patten—who has poured his lifeblood into creating businesses to employ and serve the predominantly African American community in the District of Columbia—is now Count Dracula in the eyes of these Corporate Bullying knuckleheads. They're a direct outgrowth of the lawless mobs who burned down stores in Ferguson, MO and Baltimore and then woke up complaining they had to drive many miles to get their groceries or fill their prescriptions.
Make no mistake: #Grab Your Wallet won't stop after bullying weak-kneed, high-end stores like Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus into removing Ivanka Trump's scarves and handbags from their shelves. The list of “targets” on their website reads like a Who's Who of successful American businesses: Wal-Mart, Sears, LL Bean, TJ Maxx, Bed Bath & Beyond and “bookstores selling books by and about the Trump family” are on their blacklist. So is Welch's Grape Juice, an advertiser on the now Arnold Schwarzenegger-hosted Celebrity Apprentice. Oh, and they're calling on everyone to boycott NASCAR (good luck!) merely because their CEO endorsed Donald Trump for President.
In a perfect world, boycott threats from anonymous pipsqueaks like #Grab Your Wallet would bounce off successful entrepreneurs like bullets off the Man of Steel. But as we all know, we do not live in a perfect world. So companies with a view of the world similar to that of an ant head-for-the-hills if they receive an e-mail or a some phonecalls ginned-up by non-customers whose agenda will in no way enrich their bottom lines.
The irony is that succumbing to Corporate Bullying will only embolden the malcontents who refuse to accept the fact that Donald J. Trump is our elected President. And that Trump will remain so for another three years and 50 weeks of his first term.
The Associated Press—which loves to highlight any anti-Trump news—won't carry THIS news bulletin, but it is worth considering: these Corporate Bullying kooks are not the only people in the United States who can vote with their feet if businesses upset them. If I were a CEO or the Chief Financial Officer of any company—large or small—I would really think twice before throwing in with online anarchists who reject both Capitalism and the will of the voters… versus the guy who continues to successfully plow forward in his mission to Make America Great Again.
Chancellor George Osborne, who owns a 15% stake in his family's business Osborne & Little Group Ltd, ‘personally benefited' from the sale of £6m worth of property to a company based in the British Virgin Islands – a well-known tax haven.
Advertisements
First reported following an investigation by Channel 4 News in 2015, Osborne & Little Ltd teamed up with a company called Nightingale Mews Inc. to redevelop the site of its former headquarters.
Both companies jointly applied for planning permission, and once they were given the green light, Osborne & Little sold their site to the offshore firm for £6,088,000.
Advertisements
Advertisements
At this point in time in 2005, the soon-to-be Chancellor of the Exchequer was the beneficiary of a trust that owned at least a 15% stake in the family-run business, and so George Osborne would have ‘personally benefited' from a chunk of this £6m windfall.
However, it is not known exactly how much Mr Osborne personally received from the sale.
David Quentin, a Barrister and Senior Advisor to the Tax Justice Network said that Osborne & Little were fully aware that they were dealing with a company based in an offshore tax-haven, stating:
It's quite clear that we're dealing with an offshore company. If you look at this agreement, you see that the buyer company is named and then it's expressly described as incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.”
Sign up to be notified of new Evolve Politics articles Name Email * You read and agreed to our Privacy Policy.
He added that by basing itself in the British Virgin Islands, Nightingale Mews Inc would have avoided any tax on profits it made.
Instead of paying UK tax on that profit, it would be able to realise that profit tax free
Land registry records shows that after the redevelopment, Nightingale Mews Inc. sold the property for around £20m, with an estimated profit of £8m. By being based in a tax haven, the company avoided paying £2m in UK corporation tax.
Immediately following the sale of the property, Nightingale Mews Inc was dissolved, leaving no trace of any individuals involved in the deal.
Advertisements
Advertisements
When Channel 4 News contacted George Osborne regarding the claims, his office refused to answer questions, stating that “This is a totally bogus and desperate story.”
With the Panama Papers scandal bringing the shady dealings of secretive offshore companies into the mainstream media, the resurfacing of this story will be a further embarrassment to a Chancellor who today terminated an interview when asked about his involvement with offshore companies.
George Osborne has also previously advocated ways of avoiding paying inheritance tax on The Daily Politics show, and it seems he is well versed on ways of skirting around the laws he is now tasked with implementing.
Osborne & Little have previously come under fire for paying not a single penny in corporation tax for seven years, despite paying out dividends worth £335,000 to shareholders in 2014. Payments that include a sum of £1,230 directly to George Osborne himself.
In 2012, George Osborne himself stated that tax avoidance is ‘morally repugnant'.
Help us Evolve Politics by subscribing
We can only remain independent through subscriptions and one-off donations from our readers – money that helps keep our writers producing truly independent journalism, free from establishment bias or agenda.
Or a one-off donation
If you don't want to subscribe, but still want to contribute to our project, you can make a one-off donation via the donate button below. Or you can donate directly via PayPal, using our donation address: [email protected]
Evolve Politics needs your help! If you value the work we do, please consider subscribing for as little as £1 a month, or donating any small amount you can comfortably afford without encountering hardship. All subscriptions and donations go to our writers and researchers to produce the work we publish. Despite also earning a small income from advertising, we literally could not continue to operate without the support of our readers Subscribe Donate
NEW YORK – New York Times executive editor Bill Keller may not regard Julian Assange as a journalistic peer, but he made clear Thursday that he doesn't think the WikiLeaks founder should face criminal prosecution in the United States.
Keller joined his counterpart from Britain's Guardian newspaper and a prominent Harvard Law School professor on a panel at Columbia University to discuss WikiLeaks, the secret-spilling website that has been publishing U.S. diplomatic cables and battlefield reports from Iraq and Afghanistan.
"It's very hard to conceive of a prosecution of Julian Assange that wouldn't stretch the law in a way that would be applicable to us," said Keller. "Whatever one thinks of Julian Assange, certainly American journalists, and other journalists, should feel a sense of alarm at any legal action that tends to punish Assange for doing essentially what journalists do. That is to say, any use of the law to criminalize the publication of secrets."
Since last year, when WikiLeaks published vivid footage of a U.S. helicopter shooting people – including two Reuters employees – in Baghdad, the site has become a flashpoint in a rancorous debate over national security, free speech, and journalism.
The Guardian and The Times worked with Assange to release some of the material in their publications, as did Le Monde in France, and Der Spiegel in Germany. Keller tapped several of his most seasoned reporters to pore over the documents, decide what was newsworthy, and redact information that could put lives in jeopardy.
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has said the government is investigating the breach, and many politicians have called for Assange, who is currently in London, to be brought to the U.S. and put on trial.
So far only one person has been arrested over the leak, a 23-year-old U.S. Army Private First Class named Bradley Manning, who is currently being held in maximum security in the Marine Corps Brig in Quantico, Virginia.
Jack Goldsmith, a Professor at Harvard Law School and former Assistant Attorney General, told panel moderator Emily Bell, the Director of the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia, that a U.S. attempt to prosecute Assange would encounter two major challenges.
First, the government could face difficulty in extraditing Assange to the U.S., Goldsmith said, because of the "political offense exception," which might allow the U.K. to deny an extradition request.
Second, an actual prosecution of Assange would be very difficult, Goldsmith said, because no journalist has ever been successfully prosecuted in the U.S. for disclosing government secrets.
"It would be a very momentous step to bring this prosecution," Goldsmith said. "I'd imagine there's a great deal of discussion about the seriousness of bringing such a prosecution because of the implications for the First Amendment and the press generally."
Goldsmith said he believes a prosecution will ultimately be mounted, but predicted it will not succeed.
Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger described Assange as a kind of hybrid entity who wears "different hats" at different times – source, entrepreneur, partner, and editor. "Assange is building the brand of Wikileaks, and good luck to him," he added.
While Goldsmith distinguished between WikiLeaks and The New York Times as journalistic institutions, he said that WikiLeaks is "functionally equivalent to what Bill [Keller's] dozen-or-so national security reporters do every day."
Reporters can sometimes become the targets of hackers themselves.
Keller said that The Times is currently investigating suspicious activity on the email accounts of three of his journalists who had been working on the WikiLeaks project. He said the staffers had "virtually identical eruptions on their email accounts" and added that a forensic expert said the accounts were hacked. He declined to go into further detail.
Goldsmith argued that WikiLeaks should be viewed as part of a larger trend over the last decade or so, during which time the spread of the internet and the proliferation of broadband access has rocked journalism and the media business more broadly.
"This is part of a larger continuum of the digitization of information and the great difficulty the government has in keeping secrets," Goldsmith said. "There's going to be an arms race between the government and the media, because the government will lock itself down. And I think the government will ultimately lose that arms race."
Update (25/02/19) Do not update your existing VIB! The VIB should be removed, followed by a reboot and re-install. Updating the ViB will result on an inability to load the usbnet module.
Back in May I wrote this piece about USB Ethernet drivers for ESXi. I have been using both Realtek and ASIX adapters to complement the single Ethernet adapter on the Intel NUCs, and they have proved to be rock solid.
Fast forward a few months, and as soon as ESXi 6.5 was announced people started asking if I could recompile the drivers for the new release. Finally I had some time this week to look into that. The result? A lot of wasted time downloading the 6.5 disclosure packages, setting up the environment, tweaking build scripts, etc. It turns out that compiling the drivers in the ESXi 6.0 environment I built previously worked much better, with just a single trivial change to the USB namespace.
The single change I had to make was to change the namespace dependencies map from this:
echo -e "VMK_NAMESPACE_REQUIRED( \" com.vmware.usb \" , \" 9.2.3.0 \" ); \
VMK_NAMESPACE_REQUIRED( \" com.vmware.usbnet \" , \" 9.2.3.0 \" );" \
To this:
echo -e "VMK_NAMESPACE_REQUIRED( \" com.vmware.usb \" , \" 10.0 \" ); \
VMK_NAMESPACE_REQUIRED( \" com.vmware.usbnet \" , \" 9.2.3.0 \" );" \
Note the sneak change introduced by VMware – the USB namespace is version 10.0 now…
Update (07/02/19) Driver update to version 1.19.0 (The Latest source code from ASIX). Update (25/02/19) Realtek driver updated to version 2.11.0 (latest) Version 2.11.0 adds support for the upcoming 2.5G USB C Ethernet adapters (RTL8156; not tested)
What's new
Quite a lot! Apart from the new functionality discussed in detail by the VMware Gurus elsewhere, looking at the latest ODP packages clearly reveals VMware's intention to move away from what they call “legacy” drivers.
The USB Ethernet drivers are dependent on two legacy modules (usb and usbnet); the modules are still available in ESXi 6.5, but will not load by default.
My first attempt at loading the USB Ethernet drivers failed miserably. It took me some time to realise that in 6.5 all legacy USB drivers (xhci, ehci-hcd, usb-uhci, usb, usb-storage, etc.) have been replaced by a single native driver called vmkusb. It serves me right for not paying attention to the various announcements…
Anyway, in order to get the USB Ethernet drivers to load the vmkusb module must be disabled for the legacy USB drivers to load. The details are described in the VMware Knowledge Base article 2147650.
Other than the above, there are no material differences between 6.0 and 6.5 for the legacy adapters so all performance figures described on the previous article are still valid.
Tested devices
The following devices were tested with these drivers.
ASIX
Realtek
Tested by Glen Kemp
USB 2.0 Adapter (RTL8152B Chipset)
Tested by Glen Kemp
The drivers
You can download the VIBs using the following links:
ASIX
ESXi 6.5 VIB
Realtek
ESXi 6.5 VIB
“Maybe the most embarrassing thing is that Statoil likes to use their investments in tarsands as a further way of building its reputation.”
Norway also wins over Canada when it comes to meeting its international commitments to fight climate change.
Groups that closely monitor nations' environmental records consistently give Norway high marks. Canada now gets constant criticism. On Yale University's Environmental Performance Index , Norway ranks 10th out of 178 countries. Canada is 24th.
Ever since it struck oil under the North Sea in the late 1960s, Norway has tried to find a balance between profiting from oil and natural gas and protecting the environment in a country as rich in beauty as it is in fossil fuels.
The government also created a $6-billion fund to back renewable energy and other projects to help slow global warming, while reducing energy waste. That's on top of more than $2 billion in aid pledged to fight deforestation in Brazil, Indonesia and Guyana.
Last year, Norway got even more aggressive against climate change and doubled the carbon tax on offshore oil production, further squeezing energy companies that already pay one of the world's highest tax rates.
For 23 years, Norway has had a national carbon tax, which many economists and climate experts argue is the fairest incentive to persuade business and consumers to reduce their carbon footprint.
Canada is way down on the inadequate list, just above China, the world's biggest producer of the emissions blamed for global warming, according to the experts at Climate Action Tracker.
Norway is one of only five countries making sufficient progress toward their target for cuts in greenhouse gas emissions under the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, the only legally binding international agreement to combat climate change.
Harper officially withdrew Canada from the Kyoto agreement in 2011, arguing it's too costly and imbalanced because the U.S. hasn't signed on and targets for reducing greenhouse gases don't apply to China.
In Canada, Prime Minister Stephen Harper continues to take a hard line against a national carbon tax, insisting it's a job killer even though expert studies have concluded British Columbia's carbon tax has reduced fuel use without harming the economy.
Norwegians are still committed to the deal and they're spending billions of dollars trying to be true to their promise.
That's partly because of a fundamental difference in how Norwegians and Canadians view their countries' natural resources.
To Norwegians, those resources are the people's property, a precious national treasure that shouldn't be squandered.
The cardinal virtue was practically carved in stone in 1971, two years after Norway discovered the first of its vast oilfields under the North Sea, when the country's parliament passed what are now known as the Ten Oil Commandments.
The first enshrined the guiding principle that: “There should be national governance and control of all petroleum operations,” while the Eighth Commandment declared: “A state oil company should be established.”
Norway's Statoil remains a global giant in oil and natural gas today.
While it's a great source of pride and considerable profit for Norwegians, many see Statoil as a national embarrassment because it's working in Alberta's oilsands, now a global symbol for dirty energy. But more on that later.
Why Canada should imitate Norway
It's time Canadians adopted Norway's energy ethic, says Ed Whittingham, executive director at Alberta's Pembina Institute, which researches and promotes sustainable energy solutions.
“When you see something like flaring (burning off natural gas produced from an oil well because it's cheaper than capturing it), Norwegians consider that not only environmental polluting, but also a total waste of resources that shouldn't happen,” Whittingham says.
Pembina campaigns for Canadians “to think and act like owners” when it comes to energy resources, but “we still don't see regulations that actually encourage that,” Whittingham adds.
“Too often, I think, as Canadians we're divorced from the resources instead of thinking that they're ours.”
To Norwegians, the small group of civil servants and politicians who wrote the basic principles for exploiting riches, without sacrificing social justice and the environment, are almost mythically wise patriots.
Their decisions opened the way to a sovereign wealth fund that has amassed more than $885 billion and contributes around 10 per cent of the national budget, while still growing each year.
But some Norwegians want to see even higher standards for environmental oil.
“What's happened during the past 10 or 15 years is that the whole energy sector, and our knowledge about how energy affects our climate, have changed a lot,” says Ingrid Lomelde, who heads the World Wildlife Fund's climate and energy team in Norway.
“And in this period, we haven't had politicians who have been equally foresighted in taking care of Norway's reputation, and also in making sure that we actually contribute to changing our energy systems the way we need to.”
Norway's environmental groups are lobbying hard to get the people's money out of dirty energy, including industries that mine or burn coal, and Alberta's oilsands, the fastest-growing source of greenhouse gases in Canada.
They're forcing Norwegians to question their inner greenness.
Their state-owned Statoil bought Calgary-based North American Oil Sands for $2.2 billion in 2007, acquiring 1,110 square kilometres of oilsands leases in northern Alberta's Athabasca region.
Statoil injects steam underground to thin the bitumen and then pumps it to the surface. After diluting the bitumen with lighter hydrocarbons, it is sent to refineries.
Known as in-situ or in-place drilling, the process burns up a lot of energy to produce a single barrel of crude oil. It also produces two or more times the greenhouse gas emissions per barrel than open pit mining in the oilsands, according to the Pembina Institute.
On the brighter side, Statoil points out, “project well-pads resemble conventional oil drilling projects, resulting in dramatically less surface disturbance than open-pit mining. They also do not require the use of (toxic) tailings ponds.”
Norway's sovereign wealth fund, officially called the Pension Fund Global, has indirect stakes in the oilsands through shares in companies such as Shell that are major players in the oilsands.
“It's a huge embarrassment for Norway,” Lomelde says. “And there are several reasons for that. Maybe the most embarrassing thing is that Statoil likes to use its investments in tarsands as a further way of building its reputation.
“So they're saying that, ‘We're probably the ones doing this kind (of) exploitation in the best way, in the most environmentally friendly way. So that's why we need to do it instead of other companies.' Which is just hugely hypocritical.”
Several years ago, WWF joined with Greenpeace to buy a single share in Statoil, which it uses each spring to ask the company's general meeting for a vote to pull out of the oilsands.
“It's always the state representative that votes us down because the state has the majority of the stocks,” Lomelde says.
Radical change?
Public unease about Norwegian investments in foreign fossil fuels with the worst reputations is forcing a policy shift. The question is how radical that will be.
Norway's government has promised to require the country's sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, to invest in renewable energy. But it's studying the issue to decide appropriate criteria to guide the fund managers' decisions.
Norwegian activists, and even some investment firms, are pressing politicians to give the global fund a mandate to invest directly in renewable energy infrastructure, and not simply to buy shares in well-established, publicly traded companies.
“Since we have all this capital, we could at least send some signals to the market that might spur other investors to also change their criteria,” Lomelde says. “And then you would really change the energy markets.”
But that would also upend the conservative investment rules that have helped make the fund so successful, which worries a lot of Norwegians wary of gambling the security of their welfare state on green startups.
“Investing in more fossil fuels is undermining the physical reason for our existence,” Lomelde argues. “So we need to secure our environment in order to also secure our welfare state.”
A majority in Norway's parliament, the Storting, along with activist groups, including the WWF, want the fund to lead the way against coal by withdrawing from all of its coal-related investments, Lomelde says. Those holdings are estimated at $9.8 billion.
“For Norway, the situation is special because we earn so much of our money from fossil fuel investments,” she adds. “And then we reinvest that in new fossil fuel investments in other countries.
“So the risk for us, for our economy, is really quite huge — if you think that politicians around the world are going to start taking climate change seriously. The coal lobby came flying in from Australia to lobby our parliamentarians directly because what our sovereign wealth fund does has a huge effect.”
I'm sticking this prior post with updates to the top of the page because many people are missing the scope of the leftist panic to the sunlight provided by the San Jose fiasco:
You know the phones in DC are burning up with panicked leftists when ABC actually broadcasts this news segment on Good Morning America.
How panicked are the professional left? VERY .
They, and “they” includes DOJ-CRS Head Grande Lum, are just beginning to understand how much more politically effective Donald Trump is as their adversary. Trump is using their own strategies against them. They do not have a playbook to defend against sunlight on their own behavior.
Update: ♦ The San Jose Police Chief has admitted to allowing the Trump supporters to be attacked. Chief Garcia is now trying to justify his decision. Read the comments section HERE to see the scope of the backlash in CA.
♦ President Obama is now quickly trying to distance his political supporters from their violence and requesting they stop: “We saw in San Jose these protesters starting to pelt stuff on Trump supporters. That's not what our democracy is about. That's not what you do. There's no room for violence” (LINK)
♦ A California CBS Broadcaster Issues a public apology – SEE HERE
♦ The Democrat San Jose Mayor was summoned to Washington DC because his plan to allow Trump supporters to be attacked has backfired on the Democrat Presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. The professional left realizes how they are being exposed. They understand the risk. They are panicked…
SAN JOSE –Police Eddie Garcia acknowledged his department did not have enough officers to control the violence at Thursday night's Donald Trump rally in downtown.
There was a little more than 250 police officers, many in riot gear, in and around the convention center, including from neighboring cities such as Campbell, Palo Alto, Milpitas and Gilroy, and also the CHP. “Obviously in hindsight it wasn't enough,” Garcia said at a Friday afternoon news conference at police headquarters.
[…] Meanwhile Mayor Sam Liccardo was drawing fire from across the nation for his praise of the department and early comments criticizing the Trump campaign and calling for him to take responsibility for violence at his rallies.
“San Jose police officers performed admirably and professionally to contain acts of violence and protect individuals' rights to assemble, protest and express their political views,” Liccardo said in a written statement. “While it's a sad statement about our political discourse that Mr. Trump has focused on stirring antagonism instead of offering real solutions to our nation's challenges, there is absolutely no place for violence against people who are simply exercising their rights to participate in the political process.” (read more)
.
Do not underestimate candidate Donald Trump, he's watched the political left and the political media for decades, he knows exactly what he's doing.
…. more to follow.
Advertisements
FM4 is a four operator FM synthesizer for iPad.
- Reached rank #1 in the app store top paid music category in 32 countries, including the United States, Canada, UK, Germany, France, Brazil, Italy, Russia, Australia, and India.
Features:
- Four operators configurable in eight different routings
- Three sound engines modelled on 1980s hardware units
- Eight waveforms derived from classic FM synths
- 2x, 3x, and 4x polyphonic unison
- Tempo-syncable arpeggiator with up, down, up-down, and random patterns
- Microtuning with eight different temperaments
- Inter-App Audio
- Supports Audiobus 2
- MIDI over bluetooth
- Up to 24 voices of polyphony
- Presets can be imported/exported through iTunes
Modelled on the popular DX series from the 1980s FM4 provides the same gritty sound, with a modern interface, and without being bound by the limitations of the original units.
Every aspect of the hardware — from envelope curves to sine-table sizes and quantisation errors to digital-to-analogue converters — has been meticulously analysed, in order to recreate the raw and dirty sound of the original units.
The interface has been carefully thought-out and is simple and intuitive, yet powerful — with every parameter being available on a single page. No menus, tabs, or jumping from page to page.
FM4 is capable of producing a multitude of sounds, ranging from punchy basses, crystal-clear bells, and lush pads, to organic textures, striking drums, and piercing leads.
All product names used are trademarks of their respective owners, and reference to these here in no way constitutes an association or affiliation with Primal Audio. All trademarks are solely used to identify the products whose sound was studied during the development of FM4.
4:20pm: Toronto announced that Leroux has been acquired from the Phillies in exchange for cash considerations. The 6'6″ hurler will pitch for Triple-A Buffalo.
3:34pm: The Blue Jays have acquired Chris Leroux from the Phillies, a source tells MLBTR (Twitter link). It's not yet clear who and/or what will be going from Toronto to Philly in the swap.
The deal marks a homecoming of sorts for Leroux, who is a Montreal native. Leroux, who turns 32 later this month, last pitched in the big leagues in 2014 when he appeared in two games for the Yankees. Over parts of six big league seasons with the Marlins, Pirates, and Yankees, the hurler has a 6.03 ERA with 8.3 K/9 and 4.4 BB/9. In his 22-game stint with the Phillies' Triple-A affiliate in 2015, Leroux posted a stronger stat line as he pitched to a 3.26 ERA with 5.9 K/9 and 2.8 BB/9.
In other Blue Jays news, the team signed Franklin Morales to a one-year, $2MM non-guaranteed deal over the weekend. And, on Friday, Mark Polishuk delivered a must-read in-depth recap of the Blue Jays' offseason.
- UPDATE: Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office says the woman has been found safe.
The Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office released the following statement on Tuesday:
The Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office is seeking help in finding a senior citizen who is missing. Irene Wallace, 74, was last seen 2:30 p.m. on Monday, May 29, 2017.
Wallace was last seen at the 1200 block of SH 99 NB #119 in the Richmond area.
While there is no indication of foul play, the Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office is seeking her whereabouts in order to verify her well-being.
Wallace is a white female and 5-feet tall. She weighs about 120-130 pounds. She was last seen wearing a cap with a patch over her right eye.
She may be driving a 2015 tan Honda Accord bearing the Texas license plate, FWB0459.
If anyone knows her location or has seen Wallace, contact the Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office at 281-341-4665.​
INGO BARENSCHEE
Many cars have challenged the perpetually great BMW M3 over the years, with the Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG sedan—introduced in 2008—among those that have come closest to knocking off the M3's crown. With the C-class coupe debuting this year, AMG's newest product was a bit of a no-brainer. Still, we don't see the C63 AMG coupe so much as a two-door version of a sedan but rather as the M3's most formidable and natural competitor yet.
Both M3 and C63 are based on a famous German luxury brand's cheaper U.S. offering. Both demand an ante about 50 percent higher than that of their entry-level siblings. Both are available as sedans and (now) coupes. (In Germany, the lucky Hunde can even buy a C63 station wagon.) Both offer seven-speed automated transmissions (the C63's is standard). Both have more than 400 hp—but only one has way more.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Hello, My Name Is Torque
The C63 AMG's 451 hp surpasses the M3's output by 37 ponies. If, however, that isn't enough, AMG offers the Development package, which swaps the regular C63's pistons, connecting rods, and crankshaft for the same pieces used in AMG's gullwing SLS flagship. These plus a reprogramming of the engine-management system net 481 hp, 67 more than the M3's. AMG's bruiser also crushes the M3 in torque output, its 443 lb-ft—with or without the Development pack—representing an advantage of 148 lb-ft.
View Photos PATRICK M. HOEY
Not surprisingly, then, this gnarly Mercedes coupe will quickly become a dot in the distance to the M3 driver—and to drivers of most everything this side of supercar territory, really—which is more impressive when you consider the AMG's 400-plus-pound weight disadvantage. The C63 takes 3.7 seconds to rip to 60 mph, 8.6 to hit 100. People whose driveways are a quarter-mile long will need 12.1 seconds to get to the mailbox, and we'd be very interested to see the solution for collecting the mail at 120 mph. And check out the 30-to-50- and 50-to-70-mph passing times of 2.5 and 2.7 seconds.
All the C63's straight-line miracles are accompanied by some of our favorite vocals in the industry, a voice like velvet woven from razor wire. (Click here to hear our recording of the C63 sedan.) As proof of how little Mercedes refinement survived AMG boot camp, consider this: At 83 decibels under full throttle, the C63 is only 2 dBA quieter inside than a Dodge Viper coupe.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Although we always prefer a manual, the C63's seven-speed swaps gears in as few as 100 milliseconds. The pull to ever-higher speeds is relentless, and the “screw you” effortlessness with which the C63 driver can relegate challengers to mirror blips is simply amazing. We were torn by our desire to conduct the engine manually using the steering-wheel-mounted paddle shifters and the reality that the transmission doesn't always get the full message regarding multigear downshift requests.
View Photos PATRICK M. HOEY
Here and There and Everywhere, Right Now
Like the C63 sedan, the coupe has a remarkably solid structure and a stiff ride that lands barely on the right side of abusive. The updates made to the 2012 C63 sedan guided Mercedes' hand on the coupe as well, with more negative camber at every corner and revised springs, shocks, and bushings. The car's exemplary “hit it and forget it” body control faithfully reads and transmits every divot and lump in the road but dwells on none of them. The C63 coupe corners more neutrally than last year's sedan but is still riotously easy to slide, and abrupt inputs at the limit can easily turn cornering into drifting. Hold it together, though, and it sticks for 0.91 g. Although that figure isn't as high as some of the numbers we've recorded from the benchmark M3, the C63's utter lack of body roll means the Benz changes direction with seemingly supernatural immediacy. We like the quickness of the steering for informal back-road blasts but found it a touch too light and twitchy when chasing lap records.
As a whole, the C63 AMG coupe is a shocking, intimidating, and tremendously rewarding car. Is it better than the BMW M3? You don't expect us to answer that question without a head-to-head, do you? We'll get back to you.
Hydrogen Fuel Tanks Made from Chicken Feathers Could Save $5.5 Million
June 24th, 2009 by Bryan Nelson
[social_buttons]
Scientists have discovered a remarkable, unexpected and cheap way to store hydrogen fuel– using carbonized chicken feather fibers.
The problem of storing hydrogen as fuel has traditionally been a perplexing and expensive dilemma. For instance, a car with a 20-gallon hydrogen storage tank made from carbon nanotubes or metal hydrides– two of the best ideas so far– would add $5.5 million or $30k respectively to the price of that vehicle.
A storage tank made from carbonized chicken feathers, however, would only mark up the cost a measly $200. The green bio-material would also help solve the problem of how to dispose of the 2.7 billion kilograms of chicken feathers generated each year by commercial poultry operations.
One of the major reasons hydrogen-powered vehicles aren't commonplace on our highways is the immensely difficult problem of how to store enough of the fuel on-board to give those vehicles a cruising range that approaches that of gasoline or diesel fuel. Storing sufficient quantities requires placing it under extreme pressure, which can add significant weight to the vehicle and increase the potential for a dangerous explosion.
That problem has led scientists to look toward structures like carbon nanotubes for a solution, since they can pack large quantities of hydrogen at normal pressure within a fairly small space. The catch is that manufacturing carbon nanotubes is very expensive and ultimately impractical.
Enter scientists at the University of Delaware, who while researching the potential of keratin derived from chicken feathers to improve the performance of microcircuits, unexpectedly discovered that by heating the keratin fibers they could strengthen its structure enough to compare to the strength of nanotubes. In other words, the hydrogen storage capacity of the strengthened keratin was essentially equivalent to that of carbon nanotubes, but using nothing more than chicken feathers as raw material.
In addition to hydrogen storage, the new method could turn chicken feather fibers into a number of other eco-products like hurricane resistant roofing, lightweight car parts, as well as the aforementioned bio-based computer circuit boards.
Furthermore, utilizing this technology would be recycling at its best. Previously, there has been no major use for all the feathers leftover from chickens in the poultry industry.
Image Credit: Just chaos on Flickr under a Creative Commons License
Those who have discussed politics in suitable depth with me know that there is one political group that I cannot respect in any way, shape, or form. Even the oft-derided "latte liberals" get some acknowledgment of sincerity. No, there is one group of people, beyond your bog-standard bigots and charlatans, that earns a particular ire from me.
These are the tankies.
“Tankie” is a term that originates in the 1950s Britain, as a term of non-endearment towards members of the Communist Party of Great Britain who toed the line of Moscow so thoroughly that they justified the 1956 Invasion of Hungary by the Soviet Union to quell a people's uprising against the authoritarian Hungarian People's Republic. “Tankie” itself refers to the Soviet tanks that rolled down the streets of Budapest to smash democracy and civil rights, and, inadvertently, support for the Moscow line among Western Communist parties.
Since then, the term "tankie" now means someone who justifies any abhorrent regime on the shoddy basis that it happens to oppose the West, usually the United States. They will point to the loathsome regimes and coups backed by the United States during the Cold War and afterward, be it Rios Montt in Guatemala, Pinochet in Chile, Hussein in Iraq, or more currently Saudi Arabia or Pakistan or Israel.
These people have, whether intentionally or not, lapped up the Russian state's narrative. “Sure,” Moscow cries, “We were bad, but look at the West's crimes! Surely this forgives Hungary and Czechoslovakia and Tibet and all our own awful puppets in Africa and Latin America and Asia! Pay no heed to the mass starvation in China, go look at the people thrown out of helicopters in Argentina and Chile!” These are people who have forgotten what they are fighting for. They proclaim themselves to stand up for human rights, but in doing so they focus their ire on the United States and its ilk so thoroughly they whitewash the regimes of its opponents.
With the death of Castro, they have been coming out of the woodwork. In light of Trump and inequities and disgraces such as Standing Rock, the critics of the United States have latched onto someone they think to be pure, an opponent of the reviled Yanqui imperialism who stood up for the Cuban people and their independence.
Except since when is taking your orders from that prison of nations calling itself the Soviet Union to be independence? Since when is enabling a missile crisis that threatens to obliterate all humanity seen as decent? Since when is jailing thousands upon thousands of political prisoners seen as acceptable? Since when are brigades of plainclothes officers stamping out demonstrations seen as progressive? Since when is stamping out Afro-Cuban culture in the name of being revolutionary seen as decent?
The praise of Castro in this instance ignores the suffering that his regime has created. Should not the massive Cuban emigrant community in Miami be a sufficient testament? Or is the fact that they vote Republican enough to disqualify them in the eyes of the ‘enlightened' left? Those that praise Castro today are usually white and of upper-class backgrounds. These are people who have known nothing other than cushy lives in affluent suburbs and prestigious universities and have mutually confirmed their anti-American biases to blind themselves to the inequities of anti-American regimes.
I am no apologist for the United States in its support of downright genocidal regimes in Guatemala or Iraq, for example. I simply believe there are no good dictators (not "longest-serving presidents" as Justin Trudeau might have you believe). I am currently working on a paper on the Rios Montt regime in Guatemala. Half my blood is from a country where a pro-U.S. dictator kept the country in shackles. I had family that suffered under Marcos in the Philippines, but I will not excuse the cruelty of the Communist bloc's regimes. I applaud Lech Walesa just much as I do Rigoberta Menchu.
Growing up I had a grandfather who was very pro-Castro. He would on occasion go to my elementary school for functions and would meet an assistant principal and a teacher, both of whom I knew very well and both who were of Cuban refugee descent. His praise of the Castro regime greatly irked these good people, who would often just walk away. This taught me to not ignore the crimes of this reprehensible government and to pay no heed to American tankies.
It is this particular strain of myopia that infuriates me to no end. It is a hypocrisy that lacks self awareness to a degree that is just beyond words, a hypocrisy that is the product of privilege and isolation from the worst of humanity. This is the product of seeing the world how they want to see it, and not how it is, with evil Americans and heroic third-worlders standing up to hegemony. The world, unfortunately, is not as black and white as that, and they'd do good to remember that.
For this year's i Light Marina Bay Festival, a sustainability-focused, Singapore-based spectacle, Choi+Shine Architects created The Urchins, a series of 3 interactive installations. The crochet sea urchin sculptures have been meticulously crafted by hand, offering attendees a one-of-a-kind immersive experience.
Speaking to the event's theme of sustainability. each 56-foot-tall work of interactive art symbolizes the beauty and diversity of nature. Though, at night, the works are spotlit by artificial luminescence, during the day, The Urchins rely on natural light to cast ephemeral, ever-changing shadows. Similarly, each suspended sculpture organically moves when touched by the wind or even visitors, who are invited to handle the polyester cords and panels that compose it.
Given their large scale, creating each sea urchin was no small feat. Hand-crafting the delicate shells required a team of 50 and took nearly 3 months to complete. While they were only on display for the 3-week duration of the festival, it's clear that each lacy installation made a lasting impression.
Choi+Shine Architects designed and created The Urchins, a series of 3 installations.
Each sea urchin installation is a unique piece of interactive art, inviting viewers to wander inside.
The unique pieces were crafted for Singapore's i Light Marina Bay Festival, an event geared toward promoting sustainability.
Choi+Shine Architects: Website | Facebook
h/t: [Contemporist]
All images via Choi+Shine Architects.
Related Articles:
Giant ‘Eclipse' Sculpture Plays with Light to Change Perspectives of Surroundings
Interactive Installation Transports Viewers to Dazzling Universe of Infinite Lights
Interactive Installation Inspired by Ideas of a Geological World Below Sea Level
Take action now or lose your right to grow your own food
(NaturalNews) Senate Bill 510, the Food Safety Modernization Act, has been called "the most dangerous bill in the history of the United States of America." It would grant the U.S. government new authority over the public's right to grow, trade and transport any foods. This would give Big brother the power to regulate the tomato plants in your backyard. It would grant them the power to arrest and imprison people selling cucumbers at farmer's markets. It would criminalize the transporting of organic produce if you don't comply with the authoritarian rules of the federal government."It will become the most offensive authority against the cultivation, trade and consumption of food and agricultural products of one's choice. It will be unconstitutional and contrary to natural law or, if you like, the will of God." - Dr. Shiv Chopra, Canada Health whistleblower ( http://shivchopra.com/?page_id=2 This tyrannical law puts all food production (yes, even food produced in your own garden) under the authority of the Department of Homeland Security. Yep -- the very same people running the TSA and its naked body scanner / passenger groping programs.This law would also give the U.S. government the power to arrest any backyard food producer as a felon (a "smuggler") for merely growing lettuce and selling it at a local farmer's market.It also sells out U.S. sovereignty over our own food supply by ceding to the authority of both the World Trade Organization (WTO) and Codex Alimentarius.It would http://foodfreedom.wordpress.com/2009/06/13/... ), turning backyard gardeners who save heirloom seeds into common criminals. This is obviously designed to give corporations like MonsantoIt would create anthat would put small food producers out of business, resulting in more power over the food supply shifting to large multinational corporations.I encourage you to read more about this dangerous bill at theblog on Wordpress: http://foodfreedom.wordpress.com/2009/06/13/... Watch this excellent video on NaturalNews.TV which explains S.510 in more detail:Sign this petition atDo it today! This is really important.In addition, therecently sent out an urgent call-to-action email containing the following information: ( http://www.cornucopia.org/2010/11/action-ale... 1) Go to Congress.org and type in your zip code in the box in the upper right hand corner.2) Click on your Senator's name, and then on the contact tab for their phone number. You can also call the Capitol Switchboard and ask to be directly connected to your Senator's office: 202-224-3121.3) Once connected ask to speak to the legislative staff person responsible for agriculture. If they are unavailable leave a voice mail message. Be sure to include your name and phone number.Give them this message in support of the "Tester Amendment" which would exempt small farms from S.510:"I am a constituent of Senator___________. I ask that he/she support the Tester Amendment to the food safety bill. The Tester Amendment will exempt the safest, small, owner-operator farms and food facilities and farmers who direct market their products to consumers, stores or restaurants. Food safety legislation should not create inappropriate and costly regulatory barriers to family farms and the growing healthy food movement in the drive to crack down on corporate bad actors. Please support the Tester Amendment and market opportunities for small and mid-sized family farms, and small food processing facilities."You may also wish to explain thatin its entirety, and it is a destructive, freedom-crushing law that will destroy the future of food in America.Remember, America has already lost control over its money supply to the Federal Reserve (nearly a hundred years ago). America has lost its health due to the medical industry and its profit-from-sickness agenda. Nowif Senate Bill 510 passes.This is a dangerous, tyrannical law that would thrust the American people into an age of darkness and malnutrition. It would criminalize many of the very people growing our food and turn food production into yet anotherPlease take the time right now to contact your U.S. Senator and voice your strong opposition to this bill.
Low water levels in the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River could result in severe economic fallout for the region, totalling more than $19.3 billion by 2050, according to a new report.
The basin has experienced the longest extended period of low water levels since the U.S. and Canada began tracking it in 1918.
The report, released Thursday by the Mowat Centre and Council of the Great Lakes Region, said water levels in the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence basin "fell dramatically" in 1997-98 and haven't recovered.
Mark Fisher, who heads the council, said there's a "very real future" where the region could be plagued by low-water trends.
"When you look at the last 13 years, we've gone through the longest period of low water levels in our history," he said.
Lake Michigan-Huron had the lowest water level ever recorded for the lake in January 2013.
Great Lakes' economic footprint is $5.25 trillion
The economic footprint of the Great Lakes Region is $5.25 trillion, or around 28 per cent of combined Canadian and U.S. economic activity.
The report said lower water levels in the Great Lakes — which hold about 20 per cent of the world's surface freshwater supply — would impact several industries, including:
Recreational boating and fishing: $12.86 billion.
Commercial shipping and harbours: $1.92 billion.
Hydroelectric generation: $2.93 billion.
Property values near the shores: $976 million.
Eighty-eight per cent of the losses for the recreational boating and fishing industry would result from losses in boating days and less spending on boating trips, equipment and maintenance or purchase.
The report speculates low water levels will force boaters to either not take their boats out or pay for costly repairs from using narrowing access channels.
Recreational boating also supports secondary industries like marinas, boat retail and equipment rental businesses, and tourism in small communities in the region. If the water levels drop by about 60 centimetres, the report says 29 marinas will be forced to close.
Also in that industry, increased days when sport fishing will be impossible and declining fish catch rates will cost the industry about $1.4 billion in the worst-case scenario.
Meanwhile, in the commercial shipping and harbour industry, loss of shipping capacity, harbour maintenance and repair costs and a smaller cargo capacity as boats sit lower in the water will form the bulk of the costs.
Indirect costs not calculated
The report added that while water levels have "rebounded" since 2013, due to factors including cooler temperatures in winter, it's "unclear" if this is the beginning of a trend.
"The general rule is that there is more evaporation and less precipitation, so less water in the system," Fisher said, explaining that only one per cent of the waters of the Great Lakes are renewed on an annual basis by precipitation.
He added that the study's projections are "conservative," given that researchers did not look at indirect effects or how low water levels could impact human health, commercial fishing or the manufacturing sector.
"The costs would only get much larger if we calculated in the indirect costs," he said.
Climate change is a closely related issue and requires input on local, provincial and federal levels, Fisher said, adding that U.S.-Canada collaboration will be essential to safeguard the future of the Great Lakes.
"The challenge that people have is (climate change) is gradual, it's incremental, it's hard to see," he said. "So when water levels go back up, they say the problem has gone away."
The next step is a cost-benefit analysis of adaptation measures and mitigation strategies in responding to climate-change induced low water levels, Fisher said.
"Climate change is real, it's happening today, the potential economic impact of climate change particularly on water levels is significant," he said. "We need to pay attention because at the end of the day, while the Great Lakes are vast, they are a finite resource."
Every year in Boston, luminaries from the world of sports join statheads from across American for the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference, where there are plenty of mingling and discussions of analytics in sports. As someone who is interested in advanced analytics—even if my grasp of them comes and goes—I always follow the conference with interest.
This year, Mike Smith and Thomas Dimitroff joined the proceedings as panel members yesterday, discussing everything from Smith's hiring to how he selects coaches. The price tag was a little much for a humble marketer and Falcons writer, but thankfully there were plenty of people live-Tweeting the proceedings. I've collected some of the most interesting remarks here with my commentary for you guys to discuss. I hope you enjoy them, and an appreciative hat tip to @benjanmingaines for providing them.
A huge factor in Mike Smith getting hired by the Falcons had to do with his acceptance of advanced stats. #SSAC14 — Ben Gaines (@benjamingaines) February 28, 2014
This is startling, because Mike Smith does not project the air of a man who is particularly invested in statistical analysis. You can see glimmers of it when he chooses to go for it on fourth down and in some of the ways the Falcons divide their snap counts, but you would have to know you were looking for it. I'd be fascinated in hearing Dimitroff and Smith discuss this in more detail.
Numbers get you thinking and evaluating and direct you where you need to go to get more information - Coach Smith @atlanta_falcons #SSAC14 — Denise Bailey-Castro (@DBeeCee) February 28, 2014
This is as close as we might get, but the Falcons do appear to have access to advanced analytics and stats. It's just a question of how they're using them to make decisions.
Smith wanted to have former NFL HCs on his staff to help him avoid the kinds of mistakes that they made. #SSAC14 — Ben Gaines (@benjamingaines) February 28, 2014
If you look at Smith's staff from his first year, there's a ton of experience there, even if Mike Mularkey was the only one with genuine head coaching experience at the NFL level. I like the attitude there, though.
Mike Smith had never met Thomas Dimitroff prior to his job interview, which is extremely rare in the NFL. #SSAC14 — Ben Gaines (@benjamingaines) February 28, 2014
Webcams, y'all.
Smith (HC) and Dimitroff (GM) "don't go a day without talking." #SSAC14 — Ben Gaines (@benjamingaines) February 28, 2014
There's no apparent deep discord between the head coach and the general manager, which is nearly always good news. They may also own friendship bracelets. Smith did go on to say disagreement is part of any relationship, and that it's healthy.
"As a coach, I live week to week. As a GM, Thomas has a much longer timeline. . . he is all about next season." -Mike Smith #SSAC14 — Ben Gaines (@benjamingaines) February 28, 2014
"Coaches gravitate toward veterans; it's comfortable for them." -Dimitroff #SSAC14 — Ben Gaines (@benjamingaines) February 28, 2014
Oh, maybe a little friction, though of the most natural kind. Certainly the 2013 Falcons were a reminder that this reality is present on every team, as veterans hang in there a little too long or young players are thrown into the fire before they were truly ready. It's a balancing act, but certainly it appears the Falcons needed to break Smitty of his veteran habit through 2013.
Dimitroff used analysis of picks by round to give away 4th rounders (only 14% end up starting) with other picks to draft J. Jones. #SSAC14 — Ben Gaines (@benjamingaines) February 28, 2014
This is a great example of using analytics to help you make a major move. The Falcons gave up two firsts and a second, which are difficult to part with, but the Falcons were able to determine that fourth-rounders rarely turn into superstars and use two fourths to make that deal work. The Falcons have dealt from all over the draft board, but this certainly is eye-opening.
Matt Ryan threw 19 INTs during his senior season, but Smith judged that all but a few those were not his fault. #SSAC14 — Ben Gaines (@benjamingaines) February 28, 2014
Apparently, Smith watched every snap of Ryan's last season at Boston College to come to this determination. It explains why the Falcons weren't particularly fazed by Ryan's high interception total, the same interception total that spooked a humble Falcons blogger who only saw about half of Ryan's games.
What do you think of these remarks?
“This life of ours is a wonderful life — if you can get away with it.” So says John Travolta as infamous crime boss John Gotti in the new film about his tumultuous life. Gotti follows the mobster from humble beginnings on the the streets of New York City through his rise to become the “Teflon Don” of the Gambino crime family. Watch the trailer above.
Spanning three decades and recounted by his son John Jr. (Spencer Lofranco), the R-rated crime thriller examines Gotti's life as he and his wife (Kelly Preston) attempt to hold the family together amid tragedy and multiple prison sentences. The trailer is, of course, peppered with gunfire and bodies — including that of Paul Castellano, the Gambino boss whose unsanctioned assassination Gotti orchestrated, resulting in his rise to the top. But “John's gettin' too much press. That can't go unchecked.” Plus there are tapes, trials and myriad other distractions for the alternately smiling and scowling Family man.
Kevin Connolly directs Gotti from a script by Leo Rossi and Lem Dobbs. Lionsgate Premiere will open the film day-and-date in theaters and on demand on December 15. Check out the trailer above and new poster below.
The National Security Agency has endured six months of criticism from media outlets since Edward Snowden released documents disclosing the agency's massive global surveillance apparatus. With its back against the wall, NSA head Keith Alexander and Snowden task force head Richard Ledgett are speaking directly to the press as a means of getting ahead of the story, with the hope of painting themselves — and Snowden himself — in a new light.
In an interview with Reuters, Ledgett expressed that Snowden's leaks had proven "cataclysmic" for the NSA, though he offered no apologies for how the agency conducts his eavesdropping. However, with regard to a review panel recommending limits on its powers and installing civilian leadership, he did admit that technology "had gotten ahead of policy." At this point, the typically public-averse NSA must put a face to the scandal,
"What we don't want is the next person to do the same thing, knowing they can strike the same deal"
The subject of how to rein Snowden back in weighs heavily on both men, however. While Ledgett criticizes how Snowden went about his leak, he told both Reuters and CBS News that he's open to discussing amnesty provided there are assurances that no further leaks would occur. Gen. Alexander is less forgiving however, stating, "[What] we don't want is the next person to do the same thing, race off to Hong Kong and to Moscow with another set of data, knowing they can strike the same deal."
Both figures will appear on 60 Minutes on Sunday to state their cases. It should be noted that it's in their agency's best interest to discredit Snowden and depict him as reckless. However, with Snowden evidently content to run down the clock on his temporary asylum in Moscow, creating an avenue for ending the relentless stream of coverage surrounding their spying programs must certainly be a priority.
Pokémon PhotoWalk Sunday July 24 - 10am For more details: PhotoCorps Pokémon Walk Facebook event page. This family friendly PhotoWalk along Smale Riverfront Park will cover all the sights and stops one could hope for. We'll start off at Carol Ann's Carousel and drop lures from there.
Pokémon Go is the perfect companion to wandering the area, as all the stops are hidden gems and established sights. We'll pause at certain places and make time for some intentional photography; experiencing the real world and new friends. Be on time as commemorative buttons will be available!
(See designs below) Pick your team or just come along for the ride.
Once we're finished with the walk? Head over to Washington Park for even more Pokémon goodness with a picnic. If you didn't pack, there will be food vendors! What is PhotoCorps? PhotoCorps is a project I started after recieving the Haile Fellowship from People's Liberty in April. Currently in development, PhotoCorps is all about noticing the world and sharing perspectives. Every facet encourages individuals to explore their neighborhoods, connect with others and take more intentional photographs. So Pokémon is a perfect fit really. If you'd like to find out more, drop a line or say hello on the PhotoWalk on Sunday!
More young LGBT people in Ecuador escaping from anti-gay conversion therapy clinics posing as religious retreats or drug rehab centers
More LGBT people in Ecuador are going public about escaping from illegal gay conversion clinics in the region.
According to the country's Health Minister Carina Vance, who is openly gay, Ecuador has at least 80 unlicensed alcohol and drug rehab clinics, many of which double as illegal centers for anti-gay conversion therapy.
‘We are talking here about a mafia, a network that operates nationally in each of the provinces, which are violating human rights,' said Vance.
‘We have lesbians who have reported what the clinics called “sex therapy,” but which consists of being raped by men.'
Vance also reported ‘we have reports of physical attacks, the use of ice water on inmates' at these clinics.
An increasing number of reports come from LGBT people who managed to escape these clinics after brutal treatment, According to Agence France-Presse.
At age 15, Denisse Freire's mother sent her to a remote ‘Christian camp' when she was discovered in her room with a female classmate.
Now 25 years old, Freire said: ‘they tortured me with electric shocks, didn't let me bathe for three days, gave me almost nothing to eat, hit me a lot, hung me by my feet.
‘They told me it was for my own good.'
Friere managed to escape after two months in the evangelical Christian rehab clinic for substance abuse and addiction. Friere claims she and four other people were kept in confinement and given abusive treatment because they were gay.
Last month, 22-year-old Zulema Constante also escaped from a different clinic, based in the eastern city of Tena, where her family had forced her into because she was a lesbian.
Constante claims she was handcuffed and kept in a straightjacket. ‘I had to pray, they gave me food poisoning, forced me to clean toilets with my hands, and told me I was wrong to be a lesbian.'
Thanks to Constante's 21-year-old girlfriend Cynthia Rodriguez, who enlisted the help of local LGBT rights activists like Lia Burbano from women's rights group Mujer y Mujer, a social media campaign was launched to raise awareness of Constante's capture.
According to Bruno Bimbi, who works with The Argentine LGBT Federation and who interviewed Constante, the local Ecuadorian government called her father to pressure him for the truth.
Constante's father called her at the clinic to say she would be released under the condition she said she was at a religious retreat.
Silvia Buendía, Constante's lawyer, has filed a formal complaint with the courts and is awaiting a hearing date. Meanwhile, Zulema's case has garnered some international attention thanks to the social media campaign launched for her release.
Openly gay Puerto Rican pop star Ricky Martin, upon learning about the case, tweeted: ‘This is like a horror movie. This must stop now. #Ecuador: teen abducted and tortured on parents' request.'
The ministry has revealed that since March 2012, 15 of these rehab centers have been closed for human rights violations. Another three were shut down for health violations.
The Ecuadorian government has been promising since January 2012 to shut down the anti-gay conversion clinics after petitions from All Out and Change.org.
U.S. Border Patrol agents patrol the area on June 4, 2013, in Niagara Falls, New York. John Moore/Getty Images
Sardar Ahmad was born in Afghanistan but got a ticket out of the war-torn country when he was awarded a Fulbright scholarship through the U.S. Embassy in Kabul. Ahmad, now a 43-year-old doctor, moved to the U.S. for his Fulbright before relocating to Canada a decade ago where he finished his residency last year. Recently, Ahmad, who now works in Sarnia, a small Ontario town along the border between Canada and Michigan, got an email that, without warning, announced that his Nexus card had been revoked.
Ahmad was presumably not considered a security risk when he was granted a Nexus card, a Homeland Security program that allows low-risk, “pre-screened travelers expedited processing when entering the United States and Canada.” Ahmad decided to visit the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Office during his lunch break from seeing patients to see what the problem was. So Sardar drove to the nearby border crossing at the Blue Water Bridge on Friday where U.S. officials promptly detained the doctor and Canadian citizen for five hours.
Here's more on what happened from the Observer:
As soon as he told the U.S. border agent his situation, Ahmad said he was pulled over, had his car keys taken from him and held for questioning for hours—all while his elderly patients who arrange transportation to his Sarnia office in advance waited for him back at his clinic… During his detainment, Ahmad said U.S. border agents asked him what “tribe” he belonged to and the name of his “tribe chief,” whether he had seen “a lot of gunmen” growing up in Afghanistan and specific questions about the family he left behind there… “I was telling (the U.S. border agents), ‘I need to call my clinic to at least cancel the patients,' and they said, ‘No, you can't touch the phone,'” Ahmad said, noting a border agent eventually allowed him to call his medical clinic before he was eventually cleared—but declined—to enter the U.S. hours later.
“It was frustrating for me because I was worried, I was scared, I didn't know what was going to happen next,” Ahmad said Monday. “You never know. They could put you in jail. You could lose your career—everything—all overnight.”
Two Fugitives Believed to be in Syria Added to FBI Cyber's Most Wanted
Three Syrian nationals, all current or former members of the Syrian Electronic Army (SEA), were charged with multiple conspiracies related to computer hacking, according to two criminal complaints unsealed today in the U.S. District Court of the Eastern District of Virginia.
The announcement was made by Assistant Attorney General for National Security John P. Carlin, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of Virginia, Assistant Director James Trainor of the FBI's Cyber Division and Assistant Director in Charge Paul M. Abbate of the FBI's Washington Field Office.
Ahmad Umar Agha, 22, known online as “The Pro,” and Firas Dardar, 27, known online as “The Shadow,” were charged with a criminal conspiracy relating to: engaging in a hoax regarding a terrorist attack; attempting to cause mutiny of the U.S. armed forces; illicit possession of authentication features; access device fraud; unauthorized access to, and damage of, computers; and unlawful access to stored communications. Dardar and Peter Romar, 36, also known as Pierre Romar, were separately charged with multiple conspiracies relating to: unauthorized access to, and damage of, computers and related extortionate activities; receiving the proceeds of extortion; money laundering; wire fraud; violations of the Syrian Sanctions Regulations; and unlawful interstate communications. The court has issued arrest warrants for all three defendants.
According to allegations in the first complaint, beginning in or around 2011, Agha and Dardar engaged in a multi-year criminal conspiracy under the name “Syrian Electronic Army” in support of the Syrian Government and President Bashar al-Assad. The conspiracy was dedicated to spear-phishing and compromising the computer systems of the U.S. government, as well as international organizations, media organizations and other private-sector entities that the SEA deemed as having been antagonistic toward the Syrian Government. When the conspiracy's spear-phishing efforts were successful, Agha and Dardar would allegedly use stolen usernames and passwords to deface websites, redirect domains to sites controlled or utilized by the conspiracy, steal email and hijack social media accounts. For example, starting in 2011, the conspirators repeatedly targeted computer systems and employees of the Executive Office of the President (EOP). Despite these efforts, at no time was an EOP account or computer system successfully compromised. Additionally, in April 2013, a member of the conspiracy compromised the Twitter account of a prominent media organization and released a tweet claiming that a bomb had exploded at the White House and injured the President. In a later 2013 intrusion, through a third-party vendor, the conspirators gained control over a recruiting website for the U.S. Marine Corps and posted a defacement encouraging U.S. marines to “refuse [their] orders.”
Today, the FBI announced that it is adding Agha and Dardar to its Cyber Most Wanted and offering a reward of $100,000 for information that leads to their arrest. Both individuals are believed to be residing in Syria. Anyone with information is asked to contact their nearest FBI field office or U.S. Embassy or consulate.
According to allegations in the second complaint, beginning in or around 2013, SEA members Dardar and Romar engaged in multiple conspiracies dedicated to an extortion scheme that involved hacking online businesses in the United States and elsewhere for personal profit. Specifically, the complaint alleges that the conspiracy would gain unauthorized access to the victims' computers and then threaten to damage computers, delete data or sell stolen data unless the victims provided extortion payments to Dardar and/or Romar. In at least one instance, Dardar attempted to use his affiliation with the SEA to instill fear into his victim. If a victim could not make extortion payments to the conspiracy's Syrian bank accounts due to the Syrian Sanctions Regulations or other international sanctions regulations, Romar would act as an intermediary in an attempt to evade those sanctions.
“The Syrian Electronic Army publicly claims that its hacking activities are conducted in support of the embattled regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad,” said Assistant Attorney General Carlin. "While some of the activity sought to harm the economic and national security of the United States in the name of Syria, these detailed allegations reveal that the members also used extortion to try to line their own pockets at the expense of law-abiding people all over the world. The allegations in the complaint demonstrate that the line between ordinary criminal hackers and potential national security threats is increasingly blurry.”
“The tireless efforts of U.S. prosecutors and our investigative partners have allowed us to identify individuals who have been responsible for inflicting damage on U.S. government and private entities through computer intrusions,” said U.S. Attorney Boente. “Today's announcement demonstrates that we will continue to pursue these individuals no matter where they are in the world.”
“Cybercriminals cause significant damage and disruption around the world, often under the veil of anonymity,” said Assistant Director Trainor. “As this case shows, we will continue to work closely with our partners to identify these individuals and bring them to justice, regardless of where they are.”
“These three members of the Syrian Electronic Army targeted and compromised computer systems in order to provide support to the Assad regime as well as for their own personal monetary gain through extortion,” said Assistant Director in Charge Abbate. “As a result of a thorough cyber investigation, FBI agents and analysts identified the perpetrators and now continue to work with our domestic and international partners to ensure these individuals face justice in the United States. I want to thank the dedicated FBI personnel, federal prosecutors, and our law enforcement partners for their tremendous efforts to ensure on-line criminal activity is countered, U.S. cyber infrastructure is safeguarded, and violators are held accountable under the law.”
The case is being investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office, with assistance from the NASA Office of the Inspector General, Department of State Bureau of Diplomatic Security and other law enforcement agencies. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jay V. Prabhu and Maya D. Song of the Eastern District of Virginia, and Special Assistant U.S. Attorney Brandon Van Grack and Trial Attorneys Scott McCulloch and Nathan Charles of the National Security Division's Counterintelligence and Export Control Section.
Agha and Dardar Complaint
Romar and Dardar Complaint
The filming of staged attacks with the use of "poisonous substances" is being reported by Syrian residents and the opposition, the Russian center for Syrian reconciliation said on Saturday.
HMEYMIM (Sputnik) – On May 4, citing a diplomatic source, RIA Novosti news agency as well as other Russian media published an article alleging that Qatar-based television channel Al-Jazeera's stringers filmed a staged attack in the settlements of Seraqeb, Erich and Jisr Shughur (Idlib province). According to the source, the footage was ordered from a European country.
On Saturday, the Russian centre for reconciliation of opposing sides in Syria reported citing local residents and opposition representatives that special ‘video brigades' made staged videos of the concequences of an alleged chemical attack in Syria.
"According to information from a number of sources among local residents and opposition formations … special ‘video brigades' carried out staged filming in the past week of the alleged concequences of shelling and airstrikes, including the use of ‘poisonous substances'," the reconciliation center said.
The center added that some of the "consultants" of the brigades were "recognized by the locals as cameramen shooting news in the region for the Al Jazeera channel," the center added.
However, Al-Jazeera TV channel has denied these allegations.
© AFP 2018 / AMER ALMOHIBANY Coincidence? White Helmets Work Only in 'Areas Where Islamist Groups Operate'
Members of the Syrian Civil Defense, known as the White Helmets, take a selfie with their certificates after taking part in a training session in the rebel-held eastern Ghouta area, east of the capital Damascus, on November 22, 2016
It is not the first time reports of such filming have emerged. On May 2, Al Mayadeen broadcaster reported, citing local sources and eyewitnesses, that a group of the White Helmets' activists accompanied by one of the Arab satellite channels arrived in the area near Idlib in Syria to shoot staged videos allegedly depicting consequences of a chemical attack.
White Helmets is a Syrian humanitarian organization that claims to have saved tens of thousands of lives. The activists of the organization are often depicted saving people from under debris and providing first aid to civilians.
However, the Swedish Doctors for Human Rights (SWEDHR) non-governmental issued a report earlier in the year stating that the "lifesaving" procedures shown in the videos published by the White Helmets are incorrect, fake and "ultimately performed on dead children."
West Brom and Saido Berahino began contract talks in November
West Bromwich Albion have described reports linking striker Saido Berahino with a £23m January move to Liverpool as "entire fabrication".
Berahino, 21, made an impressive start to the season, scoring seven goals in West Brom's first nine games.
He earned an England call-up in November but has started just one of Albion's last five matches.
The club said on Twitter: "This Berahino story for £23m is, and always has been, an entire fabrication."
The Baggies academy product said in November he may have to leave the club to play in the Champions League.
He has been linked with a move to Anfield, with Tottenham also reported to be interested.
Following Berahino's first call-up to the England squad, West Brom began contract talks with the striker last month in a bid to extend his current deal beyond 2017.
Most American voters say 'meh' – at best – about the 2016 field of presidential candidates in both parties.
That's according to a new Associated Press-GfK poll, which shows that a majority of Americans believe none of the remaining candidates for president represents their opinions at least somewhat well.
At least half of Americans say they would be disappointed or even angry if either of the front-runners – Donald Trump for the Republicans or Hillary Clinton for the Democrats – is nominated, the survey shows.
And a quarter said they would be disappointed or angry if both win nominations. Still another quarter would feel at best neutral if both are nominated.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump greets supporters after a rally at the Times Union Center on Monday, April 11, 2016, in Albany, N.Y. Nearly two-thirds of registered voters say they couldn't support him
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton prepares to speak during a Suffolk County Democratic dinner in Holbrook, N.Y. on Monday. She's in the no-chance column for half of voters
Among all registered voters, 63 percent say they wouldn't consider voting for Trump and half say the same about Clinton.
About one-fifth of those surveyed say they'd either probably or definitely vote for a third-party candidate if Trump and Clinton are the nominees.
Roland Bauer, 64, a retiree from Winter Springs, Fla., plans not to vote if Clinton and Trump are nominated. 'I don't trust politicians,' he says. 'Everybody is on the take.'
Bruce Bertsch, a libertarian and retired human resources director from San Diego, says the public's lukewarm reaction to the major-party hopefuls doesn't come from disinterest or apathy – quite the opposite.
Here's how his friends and family see the candidates:
'Hillary Clinton is a liar. Donald Trump is an idiot. And Bernie (Sanders)? He's an old fool,' Bertsch, 78, said by telephone Monday.
To Bertsch, the Republican and Democratic competitors look like this: 'The Democrats want to spend my money. The Republicans want to tell me how to live my life – and then spend my money.'
The AP-GfK poll suggests the general election, after the parties name nominees, will be less about emotional appeals and inspiration and more about getting actual voters to cast votes before the end of Election Day.
It's what insiders call the 'ground game.' And much of it is played over the airwaves at enormous expense.
'In the general election, it's an air war,' said former Republican strategist Rich Galen, author of a political blog.
Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders waves as he speaks at a campaign rally Monday in Buffalo, N.Y. One survey respondent called him 'an old fool'
Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz speaks to supporters during a campaign event Monday in San Diego. He draws unfavorable views for nearly 60 per cent of voters
'The goal is to get not only your people out to vote, but to get these people who are maybe sitting on the sidelines excited enough to come out and join the game.'
Even within their own parties, neither Trump nor Clinton generates much enthusiasm. Only 26 percent of Democratic voters say they'd be excited about Clinton being their nominee, and 27 percent say they'd be satisfied.
Another 23 percent would feel neutral, 19 percent would be disappointed and 5 percent would be angry, the poll found.
Trump fares even worse among Republican voters, with 19 percent saying they'd be enthusiastic, 19 percent satisfied, 20 percent neutral, 25 percent disappointed and 16 percent angry.
Less than half of Americans say any of the remaining candidates, including Sanders, Ted Cruz or John Kasich, comes close to representing their opinions on the issues.
And in a year dominated by Trump-generated theatrics and his so-far scant policy details, substance matters, most voters say.
Nearly 9 in 10 Americans call a candidate's positions on the issues extremely or very important to them.
Republican presidential candidate Ohio Gov. John Kasich speaks during a campaign event at the La Salle Institute on Monday in Troy, N.Y. He's trailing in the polls but remains the only major-party candidate who inspires more favorable views among voters than unfavorable ones
Among all the remaining candidates, only Sanders, Clinton's Democratic rival, generates significantly more positive than negative ratings from Americans, with 48 percent saying they have a favorable opinion of him and 39 percent unfavorable.
He's also the only candidate described by a majority of Americans as at least somewhat likable, civil, honest and compassionate.
Nearly 7 in 10 Americans have an unfavorable view of Trump, nearly 6-in-10 have an unfavorable view of Cruz and a majority – 55 percent – have an unfavorable view of Clinton, according to the poll.
Americans are fairly evenly divided on Kasich, with 34 percent expressing a favorable view and 31 percent an unfavorable one. Another 34 percent still don't know enough about him to say.
The AP-GfK Poll of 1,076 adults used a sample drawn from GfK's probability-based KnowledgePanel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 3.3 percentage points.
According to the new World Bank report, Growing Africa: Unlocking the Potential of Agribusiness, Africa's agricultural market could triple by 2030 if farming on the continent modernises its practices and gets better access to credit, new technology, irrigation and fertilisers.
Currently valued at US$313 billion a year, Africa's agricultural market could reach $1 trillion over the next two decades if the continent's farmers were able to tap into the growing demand from the burgeoning middle class, with more expensive tastes, an anticipated four-fold increase in urban supermarkets in Africa and higher commodity prices.
More specifically, the World Bank said that processed foods, poultry, dairy, rice, vegetable oils, horticulture and feed grains for domestic markets were likely the most opportune areas in Africa's agribusiness.
According to the Bank, countries such as Kenya, Ghana, Cameroon, Malawi and Zambia were already active in the buoyant agricultural markets. “Africa is now at a crossroads, from which it can take concrete steps to realise its potential or continue to lose competitiveness, missing a major opportunity for increased growth, employment, and food security,” the report said.
Despite a decade of strong economic growth complemented by a surge in private sector investment in the region, Africa's share of agriculture exports globally has declined with countries such as Brazil, Indonesia and Thailand exporting more agricultural product than all of sub-Saharan Africa, the Bank added.
Meanwhile, the region presents more than 50% of the world's uncultivated agriculture land. The report also highlighted how the lack of efficient facilities, particularly that of storage, resulted in lower harvest yields.
Aside from getting access to better technology and credit, the Bank also said that the continent's farmers should look at improving policy and regulation relevant to the sector. The report outlined how regional trade could be boosted by reducing check points, tackling bribery along main freight corridors, cutting bureaucratic red tape and transaction costs.
Further, the report discussed the need for governments to safeguard the land. The 2008-2009 global food price crisis sparked a scramble for land in parts of Asia, Africa and Latin America, and in turn generated fears of land grabbing. Casualty to this development was Madagascar's president, who was toppled in 2009 after he negotiated a deal with a South Korean company to lease half the island's arable land to grow food and ship it to Asia.
By controlling 50% of unutilised capacity globally, the continent will play a significant role in meeting the growth in global demand for agricultural produce.
We certainly expect to see more investment in the sector regardless and that will bring the required technology and credit as outlined in the report. With that said, we believe the focus should be on Africa's governments to present a secure and supportive environment for investment in the agricultural sector. Land ownership, for example, is a sensitive topic on the continent and would need the role of the government to ensure that the interests of all parties involved are fully represented and protected.
Imara is an investment banking and asset management group renowned for its knowledge of African markets.
