The average price of a home in Edmonton has remained steady, but the sales have dropped six per cent in the face of Alberta's economic downturn.
In its first-quarter market report released Monday, the Realtors Association of Edmonton said there were several significant changes from last year's first quarter.
Residential sales down six per cent
Condo sales down 12 per cent
Eight-day increase in time a residence spends on the market
The median price of houses has remained virtually the same, while the average price rose a small margin.
Steve Sedgwick, chair of the Realtors Association of Edmonton, noted the numbers were slightly bolstered by the sale of two $3-million homes.
The residential inventory in Edmonton saw a increase of almost 23 per cent in the last year. (Realtors Association of Edmonto) Condos have taken the hardest hit in the housing market with sales dropping 12 per cent despite a 16-per-cent increase of condos on the market. Sales of single-family houses were down five per cent, and duplexes down two per cent.
Sedgwick said the city is not seeing the bigger drops as other areas in the province.
"While other Alberta housing markets are feeling more pressure from the economic downturn, prices within the Edmonton-metro area haven't realized much of a change," Sedgwick said. ​
Over 1,300 homes sold in the city in March, nearly 63 per cent more than February. The association said the average days that a home will stay on the market moved from 45 days on the market to 53.
"Every community has a wide selection of properties on the market right now," said Sedgwick.
"The ones that typically sit on the market a little longer are usually properties that are a little more optimistic or aggressively priced."
The Realtors Association of Edmonton said that house prices in Edmonton remained virtually unchanged in comparison to this time last year. (Realtors Association of Edmonto)
Sedgwick said that he has spoken to colleagues in other jurisdictions and that the Edmonton housing market is faring better than most in the province.
There was a 23-per-cent increase in residential inventory over March of last year. The last time inventory was at this level was 2009 during the U.S.-subprime mortgage crisis.
Sedgwick said it's difficult to tell how much of an impact the economic slowdown is having on the city.
"At the end of the day we can't possibly forecast what the different influencing factors for making a decision on a consumer basis to either sell or buy a property," he said.
"[But] it would be naive to say current economic decisions aren't an influencer for everyone making a purchasing decision of any kind."
Rumored PS Store Content for 06/11/09
We're back from E3, and ready to fire up our weekly Rumored PS Store Content. We've recently noticed a slew of imitators, but don't fret… PlayStation LifeStyle has been bringing you the most accurate rumored content for over a year now.
This week we have some great content coming to the PS Store. Strangely, this week I am most excited for LittleBigPlanet DLC as we are getting the Team ICO costume pack. We are also getting two full games, and loads more DLC.
Gunstar Heroes
LitteBigPlanet DLC – Team ICO pack
Rock Band DLC – Iron Maiden Track Pack
Guitar Hero World Tour DLC
Killzone 2 Flash and Thunder DLC
Cuboid Booster Pack/Level Editor
Burnout Paradise Big Surf Island
That's it for confrimed content, the rest is strictly rumored…
Heavy Weapon
Bomberman Ultra
PSOne Classics
PSP Game
Ghostbusters: The Video Game Demo (Don't count on this one)
Smelling smoke in Sacramento? Here's why ...
Two large grass fires are caused high smoke conditions Thursday evening in the Sacramento area, the fire department said.People in Sacramento could smell the smoke produced by the fires. One fire started around 3:30 p.m. near Herald in Sacramento County. Get more on the fire here.A second grass fire was spotted around 5 p.m. burning along Highway 12 and Pennsylvania Avenue in Fairfield. Read more here.The Sacramento Fire Department urged people to stay indoors if possible.
Two large grass fires are caused high smoke conditions Thursday evening in the Sacramento area, the fire department said.
People in Sacramento could smell the smoke produced by the fires.
Advertisement
One fire started around 3:30 p.m. near Herald in Sacramento County. Get more on the fire here.
LiveCopter3/ KCRA 3 Crews battle a grass fire, called the Clay Fire, near Herald in Sacramento County on Thursday, June 1, 2017.
A second grass fire was spotted around 5 p.m. burning along Highway 12 and Pennsylvania Avenue in Fairfield. Read more here.
KCRA Tower Cam Smoke from a grass fire in Fairfield on Thursday, June 1, 2017.
The Sacramento Fire Department urged people to stay indoors if possible.
Large grass fires burning in Herald and Fairfield are causing high smoke conditions in Sacramento. Stay indoors if possible. pic.twitter.com/6hY7nyowja — Sacramento Fire (@SacFirePIO) June 2, 2017
AlertMe
• France midfielder has been linked with move to Arsenal • ‘There are ongoing discussions but nothing is done'
The Southampton midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin has admitted he wants to join a club playing in the Champions League next season, with Arsenal thought to be frontrunners to sign him.
The 25-year-old Frenchman has enjoyed another successful season having remained at St Mary's last summer despite interest from both Arsène Wenger's side and Tottenham. However, with only two years left on his contract, Schneiderlin has acknowledged that his days on the south coast could now be numbered.
“Yes, I think my decision is made,” he told the French radio station RMC.
“I learned a lot last season. The goal is to stay in England. It is a championship that I like and where I have a lot of fun. If I leave Southampton, it is for a club that plays better than the Europa League.
“There are ongoing discussions but nothing is done. But of course the Champions League is my goal. If I leave Southampton it will be for a club in the Champions League.
“I have a two-year contract. If a club pays the right amount for me, it will be time to leave.
“The amount? I have no idea but I will not leave for a small price. Southampton is known to be a good seller club, the price should be high enough.”
Southampton are thought to want at least £25m for a player they signed from Strasbourg in 2008 but are unlikely to let him leave without a fight. Schneiderlin missed their final-day defeat to Manchester City with a knee ligament injury and he admitted that he was frustrated not to play his part.
“My injury is getting better. I still have the left knee ligament that suffers a bit, but I can run,” he said.
“I'll enjoy the holiday to recover. I wanted to wear this jersey again, it's an honour. So it's annoying. But then I'll be able to recover and have a good season next year.”
Meanwhile, on-loan defender Toby Alderweireld hopes his future can be resolved quickly. The Belgian has enjoyed a successful loan at St Mary's from Atlético Madrid.
Southampton do have an option to buy for around £6.8m but it understood Atletico could revoke that by making a payment.
If that occurred the Spanish club could either keep him or sell elsewhere, and both Manchester City and Tottenham have been linked with the 26-year-old.
Alderweireld admits he does not know what lies ahead but, after moving from Ajax to Atlético in 2013 and then to Saints last year, wants it sorted out soon.
He said: “I hope to know where my future is before pre-season starts because it's two years in a row that I have done a pre-season with a club and then on 31 August I have left.
“So I hope this time I can do a pre-season with the club that I will be playing with and have a good year.
“The situation is frustrating and I don't know what will happen. I would like to make a decision but the club has to decide first.
“There are three options - stay with Atlético, stay with Southampton or go to another club. So we will see what happens.
“It's not up to me so I can't say a lot about it but I hope the decision is quickly made.”
Alderweireld feels he settled in well at Southampton and enjoyed playing in Ronald Koeman's impressive team.
Saints, despite being written off at the start of the campaign after losing several star names, finished seventh and could yet qualify for the Europa League.
Alderweireld said: “I really enjoyed the Premier League. I've had a fantastic year at Southampton and I want to thank the fans and the club for giving me the opportunity.
“The diversity is nice, the tempo, the atmosphere at games and the language is better for me than in Spain.
“I've had a fantastic year, I can't lie about that, so yes I'd like to stay in the Premier League.
“I really want to go to a club that really wants me. Southampton gave me that opportunity and it paid off, I think.”
African elephants reduced to dire levels
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Elephant slaughter risks future of species (Lateline)
Across Africa a war against the continent's largest animal has reduced the elephant population to dire levels.
The epic slaughter has led to warnings that if poaching continues at its current rate, elephants could be wiped out across Africa within the next 10 to 15 years.
Tens of thousands of elephants are being slaughtered each year, a rate higher than any time in the previous two decades.
American conservationist Cynthia Moss has spent the past 30 years studying elephants at Amboseli National Park in Kenya.
"We are going to lose the largest animal on earth just so people can have trinkets," she said.
Driving the demand for ivory is China's wealthy, whose insatiable appetite has pushed the price of elephant's tusks to record highs.
Dr Moss is considered a world expert on elephant behaviour.
She has put her research on hold as she now fears that the current rate of poaching threatens the elephant's survival as a species.
"It's commonly considered 10 per cent of what is actually going through is what you get in the ports or airports. And just using this tonnage that brings you up to even more than 28 or 38 or 40,000 elephants," she said.
"Ten to fifteen years and we are going to lose them all.
"We are going to lose the largest animal on earth just so people can have trinkets." Cynthia Moss
"If it continues this way we can't save them."
Across Africa, the continent's ivory wars are becoming increasingly militarised.
'Outnumbered and outgunned'
Garamba National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo is a have not just for wildlife, but for insurgents fighting some of the continent's longest running wars.
Poachers have guns - lots of them - and lightly equipped rangers say they cannot compete.
Paul Onyango, a chief ranger at Garamba National Park, believes the only answer is to give the park's protectors greater firepower.
"The insurgents have got better arms, the insurgents are better organised and this makes us have a problem and in reality we are both outnumbered and also outgunned. This is a problem," he said.
He says more weapons are needed, particularly if they are to stand a chance against armed groups like Joseph Kony's Lords Resistance army, the LRA, who have made the park their base.
"Unfortunately ivory prices have really gone high, they are as good as gold now," Mr Onyango said.
"Mostly for the LRA, the Kony group, I think they have lost their previous source of income, so now they have diverted to killing the elephants and taking them to Sudan and of course we have got some information that they go to Darfur where they sell this ivory and they purchase arms, ammunition and supplies.
"So it is their source of survival."
'Big money'
But it is not just outlaws who are cashing in.
The Ugandan military was implicated in a recent mass kill in which 22 elephants were shot from the air.
The complexity of the challenge in Garamba and the vastness of the park is made clear after such killings.
A pristine pocket of wilderness inside a failed state, Garamba was initially set up to protect the last population of northern white rhino.
They have all gone now.
Park manager Luis Arranz is fearful that at the current rate of poaching, the elephant may be next.
There are now only an estimated 2,500 elephants remaining, from a herd once as large as 20,000.
"For us the year is starting maybe in November til November, so between November and now and next month I think we have lost about 350 or 400 elephants," he said.
He says if that rate continues, like the rhino, the elephants will disappear.
Last year a record amount of ivory was seized worldwide. It equalled the tusks of more than 4,000 dead elephants.
But it is estimated that amount represents only 10 per cent of the total amount of elephants slaughtered.
Mr Onyango is an angry man, up against seemingly insurmountable odds.
"Most of the tuskers like this one will have been poached or died of natural death or whatever," he said.
"So they are very, very few. So when we lose such elephants we lose a lot because eventually we will not have such elephants remaining at all."
On the ground across Africa, efforts to stop the slaughter are continuing but that is not where this battle is likely to be won, if it has any chance at all.
"Right now the demand for ivory is there, they are willing to pay big money for it so you can't stop it here," Dr Moss said.
"We can't stop it on the ground it is too big, we don't have enough resources.
"You would have to have a huge army and it still might not work and you have to stop the demand, you have to raise the consciousness of people in the far east to tell them, 'do not buy ivory, it kills elephants'."
Topics: endangered-and-protected-species, animals, kenya, congo-the-democratic-republic-of-the, sudan, uganda
First posted
By the time average Canadians finish lunch on Thursday, Canada's top paid CEOs will have already earned the equivalent of their annual salary.
It may be hard to swallow, but according to an annual review by the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives, by 1:11 p.m. on Jan. 2, the average top paid Canadian CEO will have been earned as much as the average full-time worker's yearly income.
The review found the average compensation among Canada's top 100 CEOs was $7.96-million in 2012. This compared with the average annual Canadian worker's salary of $46,634.
Story continues below advertisement
The centre says CEO pay for Canadian public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange has ballooned by 73 per cent between 1998 and 2012, the latest figures available.
In contrast, the average Canadian full-time worker's annual salary has only grown by 6 per cent during this period.
This amounts to the country's top 100 highest-paid CEOs making 171 times the earnings of an average Canadian wage — a jump from 105 times in 1998.
Meanwhile, minimum wageworkers employed for 40 hours a week earned an average of $20,989 a year in 2012.
"Compensation packages paid to chief executive officers have come under intense scrutiny and pressure from shareholders, the media, and the general public. There is no clear relationship between CEO compensation and any measure of corporate performance," said the report's author Hugh Mackenzie in a statement.
"But despite the scrutiny, the pay of CEOs in Canada and elsewhere has proven to be remarkably resilient."
The review found the top-earning executive in Canada was the head of the Canadian Pacific Railway, Hunter Harrison, who was paid $49.1-million in salary, stock options and bonuses in 2012.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Harrison, who retired as chief executive at Canadian National Railway Co. in 2009, saw his pay packet boosted some $44.5-million to make up for pension and other payments that CN refused to make when he took the top job at the rival railway.
The second-highest paid CEO was James Smith of Thomson Reuters Corp., who took home $18.8 million, followed by former Talisman Energy Inc. chief executive John Manzoni who pocketed $18.67-million in 2012.
The lowest-paid CEO on the top 100 list was Lino A. Saputo, of Montreal-based dairy Saputo Inc., who earned $3.85 million.
The review also pointed out that three women made it onto the list in 2012 — Linda Hasenfratz, CEO of Linamar Corp., Dawn Farrell, CEO of TransAlta Corp. (TSX:TA), and Nancy Southern, CEO of ATCO Ltd.
In 2011, only one female executive was in the top 100 ranking.
Dennis Rodman sung “Happy Birthday” to Kim Jong-un at an exhibition match in Pyongyang held to mark Kim Jong-un's 31st birthday.
Rodman dedicated the game, which was between a team of former NBA all-stars and a senior North Korean national team, to Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, his wife Ri Sol Ju, and accompanying officials.
“Dennis gave an improvised speech where he thanked the American players for coming and described them as “very brave” to join him on this engagement mission,” Simon Cockerell, a tour guide with the Beijing-based Koryo Tours, told NK News by Skype from his hotel in Pyongyang.
“After thanking everyone, he led everyone on a singalong of Happy Birthday. I don't think everyone quite knew what to do. Many did join in, but a lot of people just looked bemused,” Cockerell added.
The North Korean team of senior national basketball players beat the team of visiting former NBA basketball players at the event.
The game was split into two halves, with the North Korean team facing their U.S. opponents for the first two quarters and the players merging teams for a mixed game in the second half.
Besides Kim Jong-un and his entourage, a capacity audience of about 14,000 in the stadium was joined by Pyongyang's diplomatic corps and group of mainly American tourists, Cockerell said.
The ex-NBA delegation was announced on Saturday and includes former NBA All-Stars Kenny Anderson, Cliff Robinson, and Vin Baker. They are joined by fellow basketball players Doug Christie, Charles D. Smith, and Craig Hodges.
Michael Spavor, a consultant involved in organizing the trip, took a photograph of the venue where the match took place shortly prior to entry.
As is normal protocol in North Korea when a leader is publicly present, attendees were forbidden from bringing cameras into the game.
Main picture: Michael Spavor
The Hillary Clinton camaign posted a defiant online video directed at its supporters earlier today in response to the FBI's bombshell announcement just two days ago.
The video stars Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon recapping the “vague” letter and saying this entire thing is overblown. He emphasizes that the case has not been “reopened” and that all of these emails might be duplicates.
He says, “”You're probably just as puzzled and outraged as we are.”
Yesterday, FBI Director Comey bowed to partisan pressure and released a vague and inappropriate letter to Congress. What you need to know: pic.twitter.com/E5Q8Mgp0h0 — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 30, 2016
Something worth noting here is that Fallon somewhat effortlessly pivots to attacking Republicans for making the emails an issue, even invoking those now-infamous comments from Kevin McCarthy connecting the Benghazi committee and her poll numbers.
He concludes, “They've failed every time because you've had her back. More than ever, we need your help to push back on their phony partisan attacks.”
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
In contemporary English, here refers to the speaker's location regardless of whether the sentence involves things or people remaining in that place, moving to that place, or leaving that place. We say I have been waiting here for hours or Come here! or Get out of here! But historically English has used three separate adverbs to convey these three different relations to place. A speaker of the sixteenth century might have said I have been waiting here for hours, but she would have said Come hither! instead of Come here! and Get thee hence! instead of Get out of here!
Likewise, when referring to a location other than where we are, we now use there indiscriminately: Who is there? I will take you there. We sailed from Ireland to Iceland and from there to Greenland. Our sixteenth-century speaker, for her part, might have said Who is there? but I will take you thither or We sailed from Ireland to Iceland and thence to Greenland.
Finally, for asking about places, though English relies now on just where, there were once three separate adverbs. If our twenty-first-century speaker says Where am I? or Where are you going? or Where is that smell coming from? our hypothetical Elizabethan speaker might say Where am I? or Whither goest thou? or Whence cometh that reek?
The astute reader will recognize a pattern in these sets of adverbs. Those dealing with the speaker's location all begin with h-, those dealing with another known location begin with th-, and those dealing with an unknown location begin with wh-. Furthermore, those adverbs describing circumstances at a place end in –ere, those describing motion toward a place end in –ither, and those describing motion away from a place end in –ence:
This place: That place: What place:
At a place: here there where
To a place: hither thither whither
From a place: hence thence whence
Of course, the adverbs in the lower two rows of this grid haven't dropped entirely out of use in English; they all survive to one degree or another. Hither lives on in the adjective come-hither, as in “a come-hither look,” as well as in the idiom hither and yon, and hence still sees frequent service as an adverb, though nowadays we use it more to mean “for that reason” rather than “from this place.” And whither remains perennially popular in titles of magazine articles and newspaper opinion pieces, where “Whither X?” is used as shorthand for “What is happening or going to happen to X?” in titles like “Whither the Democratic Party”? or “Whither the Music Industry?” or “Whither the American Male?”
Thank you for visiting the American Heritage Dictionary at ahdictionary.com!
The first trailer for Bryan Singer's Jack the Giant Killer has debuted and you can check it out below!
The film tells the story of an ancient war that is reignited when a young farmhand unwittingly opens a gateway between our world and a fearsome race of giants. Unleashed on the Earth for the first time in centuries, the giants strive to reclaim the land they once lost, forcing the young man, Jack, into the battle of his life to stop them. Fighting for a kingdom, its people, and the love of a brave princess, he comes face to face with the unstoppable warriors he thought only existed in legendand gets the chance to become a legend himself.
Starrring Nicholas Hoult, Stanley Tucci, Ian McShane, Bill Nighy, Eleanor Tomlinson and Ewan McGregor, Jack the Giant Killer hits theaters in 3D, 2D and IMAX 3D on June 15, 2012.
May 8, 2013 at 10:45 am
The first days of May brought warmth and the anticipation of rising fish, as I pulled on waders at my syndicate water and watched hawthorn flies dancing above the grass verge in the afternoon sunshine. The short walk to the river soon dashed my hopes of fishing the dry fly, when looking downstream, not a single rise was in evidence, despite a variety of fly life, on, or above the surface.
The river was now back to normal level and pace, unlike the opening days of the season, when weeks of rain needed to run off and I was expecting an instant response as I waded up to a pool that has been good to me in the past. The smooth surface was untroubled by feeding trout, so my reliable Gold Head Hares Ear nymph was flicked out along the edges among the roots, but not a twitch of the leader rewarded my efforts. I was considering a change to a darker nymph, when a trout swept round the shallows at my feet and returned to the centre of the stream ahead. A cast up the pool brought a solid pull halfway through the drift and I was into that trout, a plump wild brown of around a pound, fighting for all it was worth, it's exit from the pool barred by my feet as it tried to escape downstream. I now had the trout thrashing about in the shallow tail and my landing net was resting against a tree out of reach. Stepping across to my left for the net, gave the slack needed for the hook to lose grip and the trout to dart back to the pool. With a photo opportunity missed, I continued downstream intending to fish along the bank cleared during a new year working party, but paused to look at another previously productive pool.
It seemed too good to pass and getting down into the water, I waded up, searching out the eddies and runs with my nymph as I went. The river here rushes down through trees and turns, holding fish across the pool, good dace and chub adding to the mix. Again surface fly life was being ignored and so it seemed was my nymph, until a six inch brown raised my hopes and straightened the leader. The tiddler returned, I cast further up between the trees and watched the leader skirt the edge of a far bank eddy, where it suddenly dived to the left, to be met with solid resistance as I lifted into a very powerful fish. Deep in the pool, the zig-zag rolling fight indicated a big trout rather than a chub and I gave line as it made a series of sprinting runs into the tree lined channel, then back to the pool, before zooming along the far bank to pass below me. Having turned to follow the big brown downstream, I looked up to see a fellow syndicate member watching from the river fifty yards downstream. More pressure, bad enough to lose a fish and talk of the one that got away, but to have it witnessed is worse. The gods of angling were on my side this time and the deep sided brown turned and came back upstream to me, obliging by rolling onto it's side before sliding into the net.
A full tail was the power house for this seventeen inch brown that took no prisoners in it's efforts to escape the barbless hook, which fell out into the net once the pressure was off. In the same respect, that it is misery to lose a good fish in front of a fellow angler, it was also a joy to show just what this little river can hold to new member George, who had a grandstand view of my struggle with this beast of a fish. After a quick photo and a short recovery session in the net, my best fish so far this year, swam off to sulk in the shallows.
(CNN) The megachurch led by Joel Osteen is receiving people who need shelter and also helping evacuees with supplies such as baby food, formula and other shelter needs, the church announced via Twitter Tuesday morning.
Lakewood Church was under fire after apparently not opening up the church to flood victims. The church disputed online criticism, stating "we are prepared to shelter people once the cities and county shelters reach capacity."
"Victoria and I care deeply about our fellow Houstonians. Lakewood's doors are open and we are receiving anyone who needs shelter," Osteen tweeted Tuesday, referencing his wife who is also Lakewood's co-pastor.
Opinion: Osteen's Harvey excuses are bogus
On Monday, a few hundred people arrived to the church in buses, Donald Iloff, church spokesman, told CNN's Erin Burnett.
Lakewood Church, which was founded by Osteen's father in the 1950s, had posted on social media Monday that the venue was "inaccessible due to severe flooding" following Hurricane Harvey, which has been downgraded to a tropical storm.
Photos provided by the church showed standing water in hallways and the parking lot. The church already had a flood wall in place following a previous storm. The church occupies the former home of the NBA's Houston Rockets.
Parts of the megachurch were flooded, according to a spokesman.
Iloff said there were safety concerns about potential flooding. The bottom floor of the building flooded eight feet during Tropical Storm Alison in 2001 and they had safety concerns of what might happen if they sheltered people in the building, he said.
"When it floods, it floods in a torrent. And it floods quickly. We installed flood gates, but you know, you have to have a lot of faith in those if you are going to put a lot of people into the building.
"So we had concerns, you know. From the very beginning as far as the safety of people in this building and that was too great a concern for us," he said.
Many on social media had blasted the church for not taking people in.
"The Twitter critics don't determine who we are or what we do," Iloff said in response to the scathing social media's opinions. "We're going to act as we should act. They have nothing to do with our mission."
The church also disputed the backlash.
"We have never closed our doors. We will continue to be a distribution center for those in need," according to a statement from Lakewood Church.
At least several hundred people can be housed on the second floor of the church, Iloff said.
The area around the church flooded on Monday, Iloff said, and at least three people had come that day to the church for help before they were taken to the George Brown Convention Center.
Lakewood Church spokesman Donald Iloff says the water has already receded.
Houston officials continue to field calls from flood-stranded Texans. Thousands have been rescued since Harvey made landfall on Friday, many are still waiting to picked up.
Nine people have died as a result of the catastrophic storm.
Photo
Two years into Xi Jinping's tenure as China's president, many analysts consider him to be the most powerful leader since Deng Xiaoping, the man who oversaw China's opening to the world and its market-oriented policies after the chaos of the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution. Roderick MacFarquhar, a scholar of elite Communist Party politics at Harvard University, goes one step further. Mr. Xi, he says, is the most powerful Chinese leader since Chairman Mao Zedong, the “Great Helmsman” who declared the founding of the People's Republic in 1949 and was worshiped almost as a god by millions of fanatical Red Guards.
Photo
Yet for all of Mr. Xi's personal power, his campaign against corruption is fraught with danger, putting at risk the future of the Communist Party he is determined to save, Professor MacFarquhar said in a recent talk at the University of Hong Kong. In an interview, he explained why.
Q.
Why do you think Mr. Xi is the most powerful leader since Mao, given that Deng Xiaoping had so much charisma and institutional power and experience from his revolutionary days?
A.
Deng had enormous power, of course, but surviving the Cultural Revolution with him were some very conservative leaders, one of whom was his senior in the party, Chen Yun. And Li Xiannian, Peng Zhen, all very conservative. That's why the 1980s, when Deng was in his prime, are often described as opening and closing, opening and closing, because he had to ride the punch. Sometimes the conservatives forced him to close in and then he opened up again because he could see that it was bad for the economy. So he had people of equal status who had the ability, especially after [the 1989 suppression of protests at] Tiananmen, to impress upon him the dangers of what he was doing.
In the case of Xi Jinping, he has this unique aspect that he was chosen by his elders and peers and none of his colleagues were. In other words, they were all open to be chosen. He got chosen. That gives him the kind of prestige that Mao had in 1936, when he started his rise to power after all the others, [the late prime minister] Zhou Enlai and others, now forgotten, had their chance of leadership and failed. So I think that Xi Jinping is more powerful than Deng because he doesn't have people of equal status who are able to challenge him because of their past record. He won out in the lottery for the leadership.
Q.
Mr. Xi was a child of the Cultural Revolution. How do you think that might have influenced him?
A.
A former student of mine who went through the Cultural Revolution has been quite high on what that means for Xi, in the sense that he thinks that, if you're in the cauldron, if you have been thrown out of your family house and left to fend for yourself, you develop a self-confidence if you survive. If you can get through that, you can get through a lot more. I think he has got that self-confidence.
He's also got the self-confidence of a princeling, of his family being revolutionary leaders. Not the very top, but revolutionary leaders. That invests him in the revolution. He wants to preserve it. Indeed, many people would say that the reason why he was chosen was because he had more invested in the revolution than some of his cohort of leaders. So I think for both those reasons he is very self-confident.
The others? You don't get to the top of the Politburo Standing Committee of China without having enormous talents of some kind: political talents, administrative talents, infighting talents. You can't write them off. But Xi beat them to the top, and that's his strength.
Q.
You said in your speech that Mikhail S. Gorbachev was also a strong leader. What's the difference between him and Mr. Xi?
A.
Let me stress the similarities. They both wanted to save the Communist Party because they both believed in Communism. I think probably Gorbachev really believed in Marxism-Leninism. I don't think Xi Jinping probably believes in Marxism, only in Leninism. I think that the Cultural Revolution was a disillusioning experience for people from Deng Xiaoping downwards. The similarities are that both Gorbachev in his attack in perestroika on the bureaucracy and Xi Jinping in his attack on the bureaucracy in anticorruption were trying to improve the party, purify the party, get it moving in a different direction.
The difference between them is that Xi Jinping knows what Gorbachev did. Xi Jinping has obsessed about Gorbachev. Very early in his leadership, he was talking to his colleagues about Gorbachev, saying, “No one stood up to defend the party.” So, clearly, Xi feels he is going to be tough, stand up to defend the party, eradicate corruption and recover the legitimacy of the party in the eyes of the people.
Q.
Are there any examples in history where a Communist Party without ideology can sustain itself?
A.
There is no example because Leninist parties have only been around basically since the 1917 revolution in Russia. So there is no experience of this. The party in Cuba survived, I suppose, really because the opposition of the United States gave a certain national pride to the Cubans, especially when they were able to rely on the Soviet Union for economic support. The North Koreans, of course, survived because the Chinese are not prepared to cut them off, even though they hate the way they conduct themselves, because they don't want another Communist regime to go down the tubes.
I don't think there is any other experience, and my own feeling is that this party cannot reform itself. The choices for Xi Jinping are, one, ease off the corruption campaign in order to allow the economic reform program, which he's talked about but which hasn't got going, to proceed, because the economic reform may help to save the party in power. But if he is going to attack corruption root and branch, tigers and fleas as he would call it, then there is real danger. Danger for the party collapsing as it did in Russia, or danger of a leadership coalition against him.
Q.
Is it conceivable that there could be an opposition to Xi, a pushback?
A.
No one was prepared in Mao's time to ally against him. And Mao could also rely on the fact that probably if Zhou Enlai confided in [the late President] Liu Shaoqi and said the chairman is going off his rocker, we shouldn't allow this Cultural Revolution to continue, the chairman could rely on the possibility — probability — that Liu Shaoqi would come and report Zhou Enlai to him, and then dispose of Zhou Enlai.
That, I don't think, applies now. People aren't frightened of Xi Jinping in the way they were frightened of Mao. People's interests, people's families, people's livelihoods are threatened. Comrades X, Y and Z can ally together against Xi Jinping. He's not yet a figure that so terrifies his colleagues that they couldn't dream of suggesting to a comrade, “Let's ally against him,” because they don't know that that comrade would not report him.
Q.
Is the real danger to the party Western values, a free press and a civil society? How seriously does Mr. Xi take that threat? How does it compare to corruption as a threat?
A.
There is an internal threat: corruption. There is an external threat: bad ideas from the West. He takes both seriously. His problem is that, with the internal threat, he can take the Discipline Inspection Commission, a very powerful weapon, backed by the whole apparatus of the Central Committee, the Secretariat, and he can home in on what he wants to home in on.
The problem for the external threat of foreign ideas is that, as part of the whole process of opening up and reform, Deng Xiaoping and his successors have allowed hundreds of thousands of students to go abroad, and once China began to be rich, they all started to come back instead of staying wherever they went to study. And so you've got now tens of thousands of former students from America, Europe, Japan, who are back in their own country, and they've seen a different future. If they're comfortably off, if they work for the party, that may be enough. They can say, “OK, free press, it was fine when I was in New York, but doesn't matter here, I'm all right.”
But I think the danger is that if people feel that the corruption campaign is going to undermine the party and chaos could result — that's what happened in the Cultural Revolution — then people are going to start thinking, how can we change this system? Some will emigrate. Some have already emigrated. Certainly billions of dollars have emigrated. Children have been left abroad as a safety belt to hang on to. And it's just a case of will people start thinking about alternative methods?
Of course, it being a Leninist party and leadership friendly, someone at the very top has got to have those ideas, that there's got to be change. And that's, frankly, a very difficult thing to envisage. Deng Xiaoping could do it, though he was at the very top, simply because the Cultural Revolution was such chaos, that you had to have something new. We don't know at what stage of the campaign against corruption, the campaign on closing in of ideas from abroad, which could harm the economy, of course, at what stage someone inside China will say: “This is not going to work. We've got to change.”
Q.
A successful campaign against corruption and closing off to Western ideas are related then?
A.
You say a successful campaign against corruption. But the point about a successful campaign against corruption is that it's all very well to get a few tigers, have cheers from the multitude because you've brought these people down. But it's the fleas who are the real danger. The peasants and the workers are afflicted by local cadres. Petty corruption. Some of which results in ecological damage to the neighborhood and therefore health problems for themselves and their kids. Those are the people that are really the threat to the population at large, and if he goes after them, who's going to work for the party? Who's going to be the new cadres?
Q.
A party without ideology: Is that a sustainable model?
A.
Without an ideology, you lack the glue that the Confucian empire had, you lack the glue that the Maoist period had. And so you have nothing in common between party and people, between state and country. And that's a very difficult thing to proceed with in China when you have a Leninist party that by its very definition, when it was first formed in the late 19th century, relies upon ideology to convince people that we understand the history, we understand the present and we know where to go in the future.
That's a very powerful doctrine, if you believe in it. Without any such doctrine, he has coursed to this very negative policy of trying to keep-out-the-enemy doctrine. It's much better if you're closed in the armor of your own doctrine than if you just have the old apparatus of the Great Firewall in order to keep out the enemy doctrine.
Q.
Does China rely more on nationalism then? Doesn't that risk fascism?
A.
I'm not sure about fascism. But I am sure that nationalism is one of the reasons why the foreign policy of Xi Jinping has been somewhat provocative perhaps in the East China Sea, South China Sea, vis-à-vis America, as a device to get people behind him in his campaigns, particularly the corruption campaign. But I think that in the long run that's a very dangerous path to pursue because as Chinese governments in the past have found, if you unleash nationalism and then you are unwilling or unable to follow through with the right actions, then the people get fed up with you, they think that you are being unpatriotic yourself, that the government is failing. And so nationalism is a very dangerous thing to unleash. I don't think it is fascism so much. I just think it is just a weapon for Xi Jinping.
Q.
If you don't have Confucianism or Marxism, and you aren't focusing on nationalism, what do you have?
A.
Nothing. That's why Xi Jinping is so worried. What is interesting about what he is trying to do is he has had a campaign, which I didn't quite understand at first, to say that the whole of the Communist regime is one united period of history. And he's argued against what apparently happens in China, that you divide it into two periods: the Maoist period, which basically had those great tragedies, the famine and the Cultural Revolution, and the reform period, which basically has been a move towards a better, brighter, more prosperous future.
Because he realizes, he says in his attacks on Gorbachev and what happened in the Soviet Union, one of the problems was that they attacked Lenin and Stalin, and that led to an undermining of the whole system. And he realizes that, if you start allowing the first 20 years, 25 years or so, of Mao's rule to be denigrated for all the mistakes that happened, then you are going to delegitimize Mao.
And as the picture of Mao's face on the Tiananmen Gate shows, Mao is still the great legitimator of this regime. That's all they've got left. They've got no Marxism-Leninism, they've got no party that's got respect and authority any longer. People are revolting against local cadres 500 times every day, apparently, in China.
They have Mao. How long that will last? How much he means to the young people today? I don't know.
Under President's New Cybersecurity Executive Order... Is Wikileaks Now An Evil Cyberhacker For Releasing Trade Deal?
from the broad-definitions,-broad-powers dept
The EO targets not just the hackers themselves, but also those who benefit from or materially support hacks. The targeting of those who are “responsible for or complicit in … the receipt or use for commercial or competitive advantage … by a commercial entity, outside the United States of trade secrets misappropriated through cyber-enabled means, … where the misappropriation of such trade secrets is reasonably likely to result in, or has materially contributed to, a significant threat to the national security, foreign policy, or economic health or financial stability of the United States” could be used to target journalism abroad. Does WikiLeaks' publication of secret Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations qualify? Does Guardian's publication of contractors' involvement in NSA hacking?
And the EO creates a “material support” category similar to the one that, in the terrorism context, has been ripe for abuse. Its targets include those who have “provided … material, or technological support for, or goods or services in support of” such significant hacks. Does that include encryption providers? Does it include other privacy protections?
Yesterday we talked about the ridiculousness of President Obama's new cybersecurity executive order , in which he declares a national emergency around "malicious cyber-enabled activities" and enables his own government to do mean things to anyone they think is responsible for cyber badness (that his own NSA is the primary instigator of serious cyberattacks gets left ignored, of course). One of the points we made is that the definitions in the executive agreement were really vague, meaning that it's likely that they could be abused in all sorts of ways that we wouldn't normally think of as malicious hacking.Helpfully, the ever vigilant Marcey Wheeler has provided some examples of how the vague language can and likely will be twisted And, that's not all. How about encryption providers? Not too hard to see how they might qualify:We've already seen some -- including government officials -- argue that Twitter could be deemed to be providing "material support" to ISIS if it didn't take down Twitter accounts that support ISIS. Twitter wouldn't directly qualify under this executive order (which targets non-US actors), but it shows you how easy it is to stretch this kind of thinking in dangerous ways.Making sure the technology we use every day is secure is important. But vaguely worded executive orders and an over-hyped "national emergency" isn't the solution. Instead, it's likely to be abused in serious ways that harm our freedoms.
Filed Under: cybersecurity, executive order, leaks, material support, tpp
Companies: wikileaks
The Emperor with Zhen Huan (english.cri.cn)
The storyline was engaging.
Zhen Huan's evolution (gmw.cn)
(click to enlarge) Are you on Zhen Huan's hitlist?
The character development was realistic.
An Lingrong during happier times
The directing is meticulous and detailed.
Consort Hua: "Since Xia Dongchun thinks so highly of herself, tell the etiquette teacher not to put in so much effort educating her."
For those unfamiliar with the workings of the imperial palace, court etiquette is extremely important. Any mistake in the way you bow, the way you speak or greet can mean death.
Now we fast forward to the scene where the newly appointed imperial concubines greet the Empress and senior concubines for the first time.
Click to enlarge
Pay close attention to the girl who has been circled in pink- that is Xia Dongchun. The other junior concubines, while having their heads almost upright, are looking towards the ground as they speak to the Empress. This is the correct way to greet anyone of a higher rank in the harem. However, Xia Dongchun looks directly at the Empress, which is a violation of court etiquette.
Look again at this scene where she speaks with Consort Hua.
Once again, she looks directly at Consort Hua when being called. Contrast this with Zhen Huan (in blue), whose eyes are looking to the ground.
This was a result of Consort Hua telling Xia Dongchun's etiquette teacher not to put any effort into her. It was so subtle you wouldn't have noticed it if you didn't pay attention, but the details were on point!
I learned a lot about Chinese history!
I've always assumed all imperial Chinese concubines were either 妃 or if they were important enough, 贵妃. But in reality there is a complicated hierarchy in the inner harem. The titles of concubines differ from dynasty to dynasty but this is the ranking system for Qing dynasty (the period of this drama) concubines:
1 Empress 皇后
1 Imperial Noble Consort 皇贵妃
2 Noble Consorts 贵妃
4 Consorts 妃
6 Concubines 嫔
Unlimited Noble Ladies 贵人
Unlimited First Class Attendants 常在
Unlimited Second Class Attendants 答应
Hello everyone, I've realised that The Legend of Zhen Huan is extremely well-liked by those who have watched it.Since everyone can't get enough of The Legend of Zhen Huan, I thought I'd introduce something good to everyone else who hasn't watched it! :) If you are a busy person and can only catch one drama per year or something like that, make that one drama The Legend of Zhen Huan.Zhen Huan's character is loosely based on the mother of Emperor Qianlong (yep, if you remember 老佛爷 in Huan Zhu Ge Ge, it's that same woman in history). She enters the palace at 17, naive and idealistic, and longed for a man who loved her. Through her wit and resourcefulness, she destroys her first enemy Consort Hua (华妃), who plotted again and again to murder her. She fell in love with the Emperor, only to realise that the Emperor only loved her because she resembled the deceased Empress. Heartbroken and defeated, she leaves the palace to become a nun.While at the nunnery she fell in love later with the Emperor's brother, the 17th prince. A misunderstanding led her to believe the 17th Prince has been murdered. Then pregnant with the 17th Prince's children, in order to protect them and avenge the 17th prince, she recaptures the Emperor's favour, adopts the 4th Prince (future Emperor Qianlong), and returns to the palace as Consort Xi (熹妃).Once back in the palace, she finds out the 17th Prince is still alive (oops). She slowly erodes the power of her second enemy, the Empress, until the Empress is discarded. Later, the Emperor finds out about her affair with the 17th prince, and orders the latter's execution. Zhen Huan kills her final enemy, the Emperor, to avenge the 17th prince, and becomes the all-powerful but sad and disillusioned Empress Dowager.You will never be bored for a moment despite the series' length. There was a story climax every 5 episodes or so, and even when it seems like nothing is going on, you can feel the suspense and unpredictability of the characters.There are characters you will outright detest, but many a time, you will find yourself empathising with them. Consort Hua and the Empress plotted against Zhen Huan because they truly loved the Emperor. Zhen Huan hated the Emperor so much because she was thoroughly let down after finding out the man she loved only treated her as a substitute for the dead Empress. Her friend, An Lingrong, had an inferiority complex, and turned against Zhen Huan because she felt like Zhen Huan looked down upon her.The way the environment moulds the mindset of each individual was also explored in great detail. What really impressed me was how the script showed every action has consequences, intended or not. Take for example, the dynamics of Zhen Huan and her friend An Lingrong. If only Zhen Huan had understood how her actions came across to her friend, perhaps she wouldn't have alienated Lingrong.If anything, the most important takeaway of the series is how crucial people skills are in life. Paper qualifications (or lack thereof) may not make or break a man, but if you lack people skills, you will definitely not be successful.I realise, every time I re-watch this, that there is a small detail in the shooting which I overlooked. And man am I impressed- the director went to such lengths to ensure continuity in every single movement!Case in point: In the first episode when the ladies were awaiting the selection ceremony for imperial concubines, there was an unreasonable bully by the name of Xia Dongchun who gave An Lingrong a hard time. Xia Dongchun was selected, but Consort Hua (华妃，then the head of all concubines) caught wind that Xia Dongchun was giving her etiquette teacher (教习姑姑) a bad attitude.It isn't enough to be pretty. Your family background played an important role in determining your standing in the imperial household. Consort Hua has a General brother serving the Emperor in court, and was thus made the head of concubines. Zhen Huan's friend, An Lingrong, was of peasant birth, and was made a Second Class Attendant as she entered the palace.Conclusion: Give this series a try, really. The script is intellectually-stimulating and the lines are really well-written. You will not regret a moment of these 76 episodes.p/s: check out the prelude I had written to this entry, analysing the leadership styles employed by the major concubines in this series.
Clint Bolick has been at the forefront of libertarian and conservative public-interest litigation for nearly three decades. As a co-founder and former director of strategic litigation for the Institute for Justice, Bolick helped bring about landmark legal victories on behalf of students, parents, property owners, and entrepreneurs. In 2002 Bolick's litigation on behalf of school choice culminated in the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Zelman v. Simmons-Harris, in which Cleveland's pioneering school voucher program was upheld. Three years later, Bolick argued and won before the U.S. Supreme Court in a case known as Granholm v. Heald, in which the Court struck down protectionist state laws that banned the direct sale of wine to consumers from out-of-state wineries. In 2007 Bolick joined the Goldwater Institute in Phoenix, Arizona, where took up the reins as vice president for litigation. In 2009 Legal Times named him one of the "90 greatest D.C. lawyers in the past 30 years." In the midst of all of that, Bolick found the time to write several influential books, including David's Hammer: The Case for an Activist Judiciary (2007), and Immigration Wars: Forging an American Solution (2013), which he co-authored with Jeb Bush.
Now Bolick is preparing for a legal career on the other side of the bench. On January 6 Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey (R) announced Bolick's appointment to the Arizona Supreme Court. "Clint is nationally renowned and respected as a constitutional law scholar and as a champion of liberty," Ducey said. "He brings extensive experience and expertise, an unwavering regard for the rule of law and a firm commitment to the state and citizens of Arizona. I'm confident Clint will serve impartially and honorably in this important role." Bolick was Ducey's first appointment to the state's highest court.
In a telephone interview this week with Reason Senior Editor Damon Root, Clint Bolick reflected on his new job, his legal philosophy, his judicial heroes, his pessimism about the future of immigration reform, and why he decided to get "visibly tattooed."
Reason: What first led you to pursue a career in the law?
Bolick: I had planned to be a school teacher and to get involved in politics. The three things that happened late in college to change my direction were, first of all, student teaching in an inner-city high school where I discovered just how horrible our public schools are for many of our students. It made me realize that I could do more for education focused in a systemic direction rather than just a few students at a time. And I interned for Orin Hatch—which illustrates just how long Orin Hatch has been in the Senate—and I really had the epiphany that politics is all about shades of grey. I'm much more of a black and white person. I'd rather lose with a chance of winning than being engaged in the art of compromise all the time. And I took a course in constitutional law. I had not even thought about being a lawyer before that. But cases like Brown v. Board of Education made me realize that if you want to be a revolutionary in America the best route to doing that is through constitutional law. You can really achieve systemic change and principled outcomes. So dispositionally a career in constitutional law, which of course I had no idea how difficult it would be to have such a career, that seemed really to suit me.
Reason: You've written extensively over the years about the judiciary and about the proper role of the courts in our system. Now that you're a justice yourself, how do you envision your job?
Bolick: Of course there are lots of aspects which are not terribly glamorous, like supervising the state bar and administering the courts and all of that. But with regard to the state Constitution, the role of a justice is to give effect to every single word in the Constitution. And to do so in a manner that is as true to the intent of the Constitution as possible.
Reason: We hear a lot about different legal philosophies these days. Originalism, living constitutionalism, etc. How would you describe your legal philosophy, or would you?
Bolick: I always hate to use a jargonistic term, but I'm a textualist. I believe that the written Constitution reflects the social contract that people have made with each other and with their government. And just as with any contract, a judge's role is to enforce that contract vigorously. And the best way of doing that in an objective manner is to resort to the text, and to give meaning to the words as they were intended to mean. Obviously that's not always possible, so occasionally a judge will have to resort to legislative intent and things of that manner. But I think textualists are the most faithful to the Constitution. When you stray from the text you are literally amending the Constitution, which in my view leads to judicial lawlessness.
Reason: Do you have any judicial role models or heroes?
Bolick: Emphatically yes. Certainly my contemporary role model is Clarence Thomas. I don't always agree with Thomas, but Thomas is the one justice who, when enforcing the Constitution, consistently begins with the text, rather than with Supreme Court decisions that have interpreted that text and often placed a gloss on it. I think that exercise is necessary whenever a court is interpreting the Constitution.
Reason: Clarence Thomas played a role in your own career, correct?
Bolick: Yes, I worked at the EEOC [Equal Employment Opportunity Commission] when he was chairman and we became quite close. He is the godfather to the second of my three sons. I think that we share a common view of how a judge should go about interpreting the Constitution, even if sometimes our conclusions might differ.
Reason: You wrote a book with Jeb Bush a few years ago titled Immigration Wars, in which you made a case for immigration reform that you called "pro-immigration" and also "pro-rule of law." Are you optimistic about the chances for immigration reform? Has the 2016 presidential race made you less optimistic?
Bolick: It is not in my nature to be pessimistic, but it is impossible not to be pessimistic about immigration reform. The current Republican campaign has been a reflection of a very disturbing nativist trend. One of the things that has especially disturbed me is, as we report in the book—which was published only three years ago, so things have really moved in a bad direction really quickly—mainstream Republican opinion at that time and consistently before that time was pro-immigration. The typical Republican strongly supported border security, but also strongly supported a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants and other, I would say, mainstream or moderate reforms. For the first time in well over a decade, polls this year show Republican sentiment growing far more nativist than ever before. It is impossible to get systemic immigration reform without bipartisan consensus. And when you see someone like Paul Ryan really duck-and-cover on the immigration issue you know that the pendulum has swung in the wrong direction.
Reason: You've been a practicing lawyer for three decades. Is there one case you've been involved with that you're the most proud of?
Bolick: If I had to choose one that was my favorite it was a case that never even ended up resulting in a legal decision. Back in the 1990s a number of states were discriminating in adoption placements. There is a group called the National Association of Black Social Workers that had adopted the mantra that adoption of black children by non-black families was, to use their term, "cultural genocide." As a result, a number of states were making it very difficult for black children to be adopted by non-black families. This was horrible for black children because there was a surplus of black children looking for adoptive families but a paucity of black families looking to adopt children. So black children were in foster care for very lengthy periods of time.
I teamed up with an unlikely alliance of liberal law professors from Harvard Law School—Laurence Tribe, Randall Kennedy, and Elizabeth Bartholet—and we filed a class-action lawsuit in Texas on behalf of a native-American mom and a white dad who wanted to adopt two black children who were their foster children. The little boy they had in their house was brought in at birth and he was addicted to crack cocaine and infected with syphilis and they nursed him back to health. They fell in love with him and decided they wanted to adopt him. At that point he was removed from their home because they were not black. The little boy was named Matthew, his brother was Joseph. So we filed this lawsuit and it got so much attention that Matthew and his brother Joseph were reunited with the family and Texas changed its law to make it a crime to discriminate in adoption placements. We called it the "Send a Social Worker to Jail Statute." Then Congress in turn passed legislation making it illegal for public entities to discriminate in adoption placement.
A gardener who had worked on a property for decades was let go when it was taken over by the National Trust because he did not have the necessary qualifications.
The gardener worked for the previous occupants of Shute Barton, a house in Devon which has been owned by the Trust since the 1950s, for around 30 years, until 2009.
The medieval house is the ancestral home of the Pole family, and was last home to former newspaper executive Christopher Pole-Carew and his wife Gillian.
But when the couple, who are now in their 80s, gave up their right to live there in 2009, the gardener, who did not want to be named, lost his job.
His friend Ann Heath said: "He was doing it for a long, long time before it went over to the National Trust and as soon as they took over they said he couldn't do it because he didn't have any degrees or anything.
"He had a ride-on mower that he used to cut the grass and he used to cut back the brambles around the lawn as well, to keep it all tidy.
"Perhaps it was health and safety, but what could you do with a ride-on mower?"
The issue was raised by Daily Telegraph reader Mark Solon, who wrote to the paper saying: "My gardener with over 50 years experience has been told by the National Trust he can no longer cut their grass as he doesn't have the right qualifications. Perhaps he should have taken a degree."
Mr Solon added: "Experience is more important that a certificate. My gardener has a profound knowledge of the land gained over 50 years. He can mow a lawn without further study. The National Trust has lost an exceptional practitioner."
A spokesman for the Trust said: “The National Trust has owned Shute Barton since the 1950s and until 2009 it was leased back to the historic family, who employed their own gardener. Since 2009, after the family decided to give up their right to live in the property, the Trust has managed Shute Barton directly.
“When the Trust took the property on it needed extensive renovations before becoming a holiday cottage in 2010. The Trust decided to use its own garden contractors and gardeners to look after the grounds as the management needs of the garden are different to when it was a family home”.
Synthesis and biosynthesis
Nutritional significance
Taurine occurs naturally in fish and meat.[10][11][12] The mean daily intake from omnivore diets was determined to be around 58 mg (range from 9 to 372 mg) and to be low or negligible from a strict vegan diet. In another study, taurine intake was estimated to be generally less than 200 mg/day, even in individuals eating a high-meat diet. According to a third study, taurine consumption was estimated to vary between 40 and 400 mg/day.[13] Taurine levels were found to be significantly lower in vegans than in a control group on a standard American diet. Plasma taurine was 78% of control values, and urinary taurine was 29%.[14] Energy drinks Taurine is an ingredient in energy drinks. Many contain 1000 mg per serving,[15] and some as much as 2000 mg.[16] The addition of taurine is used as a nervous system depressant.[17][unreliable medical source?]
Physiological functions
Safety and toxicity
Taurine is involved in a number of crucial physiological processes. However, its role in these processes is not clearly understood and the influence of high taurine doses on these processes is uncertain. A substantial increase in the plasma concentration of growth hormone was reported in some epileptic patients during taurine tolerance testing (oral dose of 50 mg per kg body mass per day), suggesting a potential to stimulate the hypothalamus and to modify neuroendocrine function.[64] A 1966 study found an indication that taurine (2 g/day) has some function in the maintenance and possibly in the induction of psoriasis.[13] Three later studies failed to support that finding.[65][66][67] It may also be necessary to take into consideration that absorption of taurine from beverages may be more rapid than from foods.[13] Taurine has an observed safe level of supplemental intake in normal healthy adults at up to 3 g/day.[68] Even so, a study by the European Food Safety Authority found no adverse effects for up to 1,000 mg of taurine per kilogram of body weight per day.[69] A review published in 2008 found no documented reports of negative or positive health effects associated with the amount of taurine used in energy drinks, concluding, "The amounts of guarana, taurine, and ginseng found in popular energy drinks are far below the amounts expected to deliver either therapeutic benefits or adverse events".[70]
Prematurely born infants deficiency risk
Prematurely born infants are believed to lack the enzymes needed to convert cystathionine to cysteine, and may, therefore, become deficient in taurine. Taurine is present in breast milk, and has been added to many infant formulas, as a measure of prudence, since the early 1980s. However, this practice has never been rigorously studied, and as such it has yet to be proven to be necessary, or even beneficial.[71]
Other uses
Since the 2000s cosmetic compositions containing taurine have been introduced, possibly due to its antifibrotic properties. It has been shown to prevent the damaging effects of TGFB1 to hair follicles.[72] It also helps to maintain skin hydration.[73] Taurine is also used in some contact lens solutions.[74] Derivatives Taurine is used in the preparation of the anthelmintic drug netobimin (Totabin).
Taurolidine
Taurocholic acid & Tauroselcholic acid.
Tauromustine
5-Taurinomethyluridine and 5-taurinomethyl-2-thiouridine are modified uridines in (human) mitrochondrial tRNA. [75]
Tauryl is the functional group attaching at the sulfur, 2-aminoethylsulfonyl. [76]
is the functional group attaching at the sulfur, 2-aminoethylsulfonyl. Taurino is the functional group attaching at the nitrogen, 2-sulfoethylamino. See also Homotaurine (tramiprosate), which is precursor to Acamprosate.
Taurates, a substance group.
Writing in the fourth century, the theologian Athanasius explained the incarnation thus: “He became human so that we might become divine.” In other words, God's purpose is to make us like him, to shape us into mini gods. Called divinisation, and still popular with the Orthodox church and also with Mormons, this theology was not the direction the mainstream western church would take. It offended too much against monotheism, the basic source code of the Abrahamic religions. But according to Israeli historian Yuval Noah Harari, divinisation is precisely the direction in which we are now heading – not through the work of the divine, but because of technology. Thus the title of his new book, Homo Deus: A brief history of tomorrow. Technology, argues Harari, is going to transform some of us into gods: powerful, super-intelligent, ageless. The product of evolution, yes – but not through natural selection but through our own super-fast intelligent design.
My own idea of human advancement hasn't changed much since 1973 when Colonel Steve Austin had a bit of trouble on a runway in The Six Million Dollar Man. “Man barely alive. We can rebuild him. We have the technology.” Over 40 years later, the projected technology has been transformed, and you wouldn't get a decent Premier League footballer for $6m, let alone a new sort of human being. Nonetheless, the basic idea is pretty much the same. Take human powers and enhance them. Take human intelligence and multiply it. These gods are like human beings, except more so.
The transhumanist step-change is to think beyond the “limitations” of our organic frame. The transhumanist, like the ancient gnostics, imagines that our bodily reality holds us back, rather than making us who we are. What is valuable about being a human being will become uploadable into the digital cloud. Only then, they say, we will truly have become gods. Beyond sex and food, we'd become a string of ones and zeros. This is the reductio ad absurdum of the belief that freedom means the eradication of constraint.
In contrast, what is classy about Harari's futurology is that it is not suckered by the cheap and vertiginous excitement that such fantasies can generate. For, as advances in robotics and information technology come to push ordinary human beings out of a job, Harari imagines the working class of the future being replaced by a useless class, a group with no function economically, no jobs to do and no reason to get out of bed.
The life of a homo deus will not be nasty, brutish and short, but painless, purposeless and long. In such a future, one can imagine that most deaths will take place though suicide. “Is there anything more dangerous than dissatisfied and irresponsible gods who don't know what they want?” writes Harari.
Unlike geek mythology, Greek mythology is full of stories of the rejection of divinity, of gods preferring human beings to their own kind. The beautiful goddess Calypso offers the glamorously heroic and emphatically Homo sapiens Odysseus an eternal life of sun, sea and sex on her idyllic island. And yet he rejects her offer, preferring his mortal love Penelope and a risky life of seafaring adventure. And that, of course, is precisely why he is glamorously heroic. Without the possibility of death he would be nothing. The life of a homo deus is not all it's cracked up to be.
What's interesting about the idea of a god/man is that it's precisely the thing that philosophically minded Christians argued most about in the first few centuries of its existence: how could this man Jesus also be God? They imagined God becoming human, becoming physical, not the other way round. And far from seeking release from what makes us human, they believed that to imagine a perfect homo deus was also to imagine God as human enough to die painfully. Which is why the Christian homo deus feels far more compatible with basic humanism than the post-human homo deus of robots and technology.
Twitter: @giles_fraser
It's become so ubiquitous that you almost don't see it anymore — but there's no real reason for Spider-Man to have a hyphen. So why did Stan Lee put that little “-” in? Just to drive the grammar police nuts?
Nope, it turns out Excelsior had a pretty good reason for that one, and it dates all the way back to when he created Peter Parker's alter ego in 1962. At the time, DC's Superman was one of the biggest funny books out there, and Lee was worried his new hero (who wears those similar blue and red colors, and has a name that starts with an “S”) would be glossed over as too similar.
That was when he inserted the hyphen, so the cover of Spider-Man comics would have the two words broken up to create a look distinct from Superman. The difference essentially persists to this day, as Spider-Man is among the only major superheroes to have a hyphen randomly inserted into his name. Think about it: Batman, Superman, Wolverine, Aquaman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern. What do they all have in common? No hyphens.
Lee explained his reasoning in a Twitter post back in 2010, excerpted below:
Zoom In
As aggravating as it might be to some people now, the gimmick apparently worked — and now Spider-Man is a property that rivals Superman himself.
Hyphen or not.
(Via Newscastic)
And check out these other little-known sci-fi facts:
S.H.I.E.L.D. almost had a VERY different acronym
What Tolkien REALLY wanted to call the 3 Rings volumes
Whedon spent 7 weeks rewriting 'generic' Waterworld script
Originally, Wonder Woman was the JSA's secretary
The Thing once had a happy(ish) ending
Lucas wanted Indiana Jones 2 to be a dinosaur movie
Stan Lee thought Marvel's readers would HATE Iron Man (at first)
Know Yoda's original first name, we do
Uhura's famed Trek kiss wasn't meant to be with Kirk
The Discomfort Zone
“What if I have a lot of trouble getting out of my comfort zone?” a colleague once asked during a meeting about upping the use of technology at work. I almost laughed out loud. I thought, since when are we ever supposed to mix work with our comfort zones? And since when is that an okay thing to admit? Did I miss something?
I mean, I feel like my whole life has taken place in an uncomfortable zone. Since grade school, I was pushed by the people around me to improve and always do my best to improve even if it meant some discomfort.
Inevitably, this became and basically is my way of life; the only difference is that now, I push myself. If I see anything that might resemble a comfort zone approaching, it's a signal that I'm doing something wrong. Comfort is a sign of weakness, I tell myself. Comfort is for people who don't lift a finger, who have had everything handed to them on a silk pillow. If work and comfort ever meet, the only result can be uninspiring, unimpressive, uninteresting results.
When I workout, I still tend to think like a high school athlete, pushing to the limit. If I'm not uncomfortable, then I'm doing something incorrectly. It's not a workout. I'm lazy. If I'm not stressed out or crashing from stress, if I'm suddenly comfortable, something is amiss. Discomfort to me is the main ingredient for success.
I also revere any (metaphorical or situational) form of survival, conservation, restraint or battle victory too much. It's all very dramatic and over the top. If you never had to clean public toilets, if you were never someone else's athlete, if you've never been in and escaped an abusive relationship, if you never had to put on a show or serve someone else's wants for tips, if you never hoarded cash in a dvd box to keep it safe, if you were never a coal miner, a waitress at a taco place, or a soldier, if you were never injured doing something dangerous, if you never had to fight for a scholarship, for a last chance, if you've never been rejected because of how you look or if you never rescued a dog, you've just been living in your comfort zone your whole freakin' life and you ain't been through sh*t. (Like I said, it's over the top)
I think I tell myself too often, that I'm right, that it's my ambitious success strategy, that I'm just tougher, that I'm a classic survivor with an athletic mentality, a feisty, competitive Cuban blonde that needs a stimulating and challenging environment to feel I have performed well, that I've earned something. But, today, sitting in my first ever office, I am actually wondering If maybe I'm not one hundred percent correct on this. Maybe I'm carrying around this preference for discomfort like an anchor. Am I no different than punished monk dragging a sack of metal armor up a mountain to redeem himself?
Today, I'm not sure that this form of do-or-die thinking is benefitting me as much as it used to. When you've struggled with struggles for a long time, when you've worked nearly impossibly hard to get somewhere or be something, you don't know how to not survive. There's a panic within me that all I've earned is being held tightly in my hands, but could slip through my fingers at any second. This is the stamina that holds only a few people's heads above water in the choppy seas of challenge. It's the skill of awareness mashed up with survival instincts. If I perceive my “ambitious thinking” as a leftover habit of survival rather than a success strategy, I might discover a new way of succeeding.
The idea living without some sort of invasive discomfort, which seems to be what I'm living now, is foreign and ironically scary. You think: a) do I deserve this? b) who do I think I am? c) what if I've just become lazy? d) if I let this anchor fall, I'll be holding nothing.
I am asking myself today, “Is it okay to be comfortable? Can I be successful without some imposed (imposed by others or myself) discomfort? Am I still valuable and unique and interesting without my outstanding ability to survive? What would be the new strategy? Again, do I deserve this?”
These questions are embarrassing, probably ridiculous to many, but they might resonate for other “survivors” or inspire your empathy for colleagues or friends that came out of a scrappy squashed childhood, a long period of unemployment or a bad relationship. While the habits of survivors can be annoying and burdensome to not only their-selves but also to those around them…
…remember that some of these habits are pretty savvy and you never know when you might be wishing you had seasoned survivor skills. I think my new strategy needs to be somewhere in between the comfort and discomfort zones. I'm still looking for this balance.
8 Signs You're Hooked to Discomfort
1. You can afford a new briefcase. The one you have is pretty ragged. Its leather is cracking. Yet you don't buy a new one. You see your colleagues with their shiny name brand cases, but you are certain that's not for you. You can stick it out with this one another 3 or maybe even 6 months.
2. You tend to starve yourself. Not in a “I need to lose weight” way, but in a “I can make it” way or an “I can save a few bucks if I push past this hunger or thirst until I make it home” way.
3. You're the only one in the room after a meeting at work that puts away the chairs. It's not necessarily that your colleagues wouldn't help put chairs away on their own, but they can't help it. They know you'll always be that one to eagerly do the dirty work. It's a safety net that's worked before. You think of it as an investment. You know you're being smart, but you wonder sometimes if everyone is simply taking advantage of your neurosis.
4. You seem to spend a lot of weekends carrying furniture and helping people move, which sucks but also makes you feel the burn of real work that you just can't get enough of.
5. Every time you get an email from your boss even if the subject reads “nice work!” your heart rate rises just a bit with worry that you might have done something wrong. Maybe it's a sarcastic “nice work.” Maybe I'm actually in trouble or being demoted. Once you open the email and it's positive feedback, you call yourself crazy, and you're certain she's just following some protocol. You don't let the fluffy talk soften you. You just keep working hard.
6. You won't do groceries if there's anything moderately edible in the house. It seems ridiculous to go spend money on food when there's food right here at home. It doesn't matter that its a little old or not very nutritious. It's food.
7. You still find yourself coming up with schemes to sneak in flasks or fill your water bottle up with wine from home when you go to a show or an art exhibit with friends, even though you're a professional, over thirty and can easily afford a tasty, chilled beverage at any time.
8. You cut your toothpaste tubes, body lotions, Neosporins and tubes of paint in half before throwing them out and declaring them empty. You can always squeeze out a tiny bit more, even if it's kind of hard on your fingers…
Do you ever find yourself stuck in the Discomfort Zone? How do you get out of it? What do you think about Comfort Zones in general?
[jetpack_subscription_form]
A GANGSTER dubbed the “Godfather of traffickers” was nailed making £364,500 a month smuggling migrants into the UK from France.
Crime lord Twana Jamal, 36, masterminded a cross-Channel operation that cops estimate netted £4million this year alone.
6 Twana Jamal's smuggling ring has been smashed . . . he appears in court in France
One revealed yesterday how the Iraqi Kurd, jailed in France yesterday, was king of the Calais Jungle camp.
The ex-weightlifter was also the “go-to” guy for getting to the UK from other camps along the French coast.
In just a few months he personally amassed more than £1million before his smuggling empire was smashed when fed-up migrants grassed on him.
Getty Images 6 The Jungle, Calais . . . crime gang got camp's migrants to UK for £4,500
They were being charged £4,500 a time to be brought here by the lorryload at the rate of 80 a month. Last night Tory MP David Davies said: “It's appalling this man has been able to do this and make such a vast amount of money.
“How many of these people who he facilitated entry to into the UK have been granted asylum? Are they now having benefits paid to them courtesy of British taxpayers?”
Related stories Law of the jungle Francois Hollande say Britain must do more to clear the chaos of Calais migrant camp JUNGLE sex tourists British women are travelling to the Calais Jungle ‘to have SEX with migrants' Video Exclusive BRITAIN'S TINIEST MIGRANT Newborn baby born in Calais, smuggled in a lorry and saved from suffocation at Watford Gap MIGRANT AMBUSH Calais Jungle migrant gangs target tourists' cars with log missiles forcing them to crash in ambush plots TEAR IT DOWN French government pledge infamous Calais Jungle camp housing 10,000 will be destroyed MIGRANT CAMP What was the now-demolished Calais 'Jungle' and how many refugees lived there?
The smuggler's reign was ended when tip-offs led to a dawn swoop at the Grand Synthe camp near Dunkirk where he was conducting his business.
Police across the Channel had already put him under surveillance and were tapping his phones.
One said: “He had at least five different aliases.”
Wire taps showed gang was very well organised
Last night UK detectives were racing to unravel his operation this side of the Channel and track down the rest of his gang so profits from his evil trade can be seized.
The fortune he made is feared to be the tip of the iceberg in a business worth £3.5billion a year.
A source said: “More than 12,000 new suspects were identified by Europol in the first eight months of this year alone.”
Jamal's gang was just one of more than 200 the French have busted this year.
Three French cops were injured when he was arrested as migrants battled to stop him being hauled away.
He had boasted of being able to get anyone into the UK.
News Group Newspapers Ltd 6 Grande-Synthe, Dunkirk . . . tent city was another camp Jamal lorded over
His loot is said to have been funnelled through criminal “bankers” in London's Kurdish community.
He also laundered the dirty money by investing in car washes and restaurants and by buying flash cars. Migrants paid cash into Western Union accounts. It was collected by accomplices in London.
The Dunkirk court that jailed Jamal for five years heard migrants would be loaded on to trucks leaving French channel ports. Carbon dioxide detectors to pinpoint the breath of anyone hiding were foiled by cargos of onions and cheese emitting the same gas.
Prosecutor Amelie Le Sant confirmed: “This man was earning an awful lot of money. We believe in excess of £1million.
“We have passed on all the information we have in the case files to the authorities in London.
“Our hope is they can track down members of the gang over there.”
Getty Images 6 Migrants paid cash into Western Union accounts . . . collected by accomplices
Jamal brazenly travelled to Britain on bogus passports for gang summits.
He is thought to have been plotting to claim asylum here himself and then retire on his fortune.
Ms Le Sant said: “Evidence was gathered using wire taps.
“It proved how he and his gang were very well organised. When he was arrested he was waiting for £70,000 from his bankers in England.”
Jamal was taken to court in handcuffs. He wept, claiming he was a victim of “mistaken identity”. Fellow Iraqi Pirout Kadir, who was also part of the gang, got four years.
He had so many aliases he wrote bogus names in his baseball cap to remind him which one he was using.
Both were told that they will be deported after serving their sentences. Boss Jamal was also fined £17,000. The Home Office branded the pair's activities vile and said its immigration arm had helped smash 185 gangs in a year.
AP:Associated Press 6 Iraqi Kurd, jailed in France yesterday, was king of the Calais Jungle camp
A spokesman said: “The UK is committed to tackling the causes of illegal immigration including the callous crime groups that exploit vulnerable migrants.”
British observers sent to the Dunkirk court included one from the National Crime Agency.
Charles Elphicke, Tory MP for Dover and Deal, branded the case shocking.
He said: “It is vital the Government recovers this money and spends it on helping victims of modern slavery.”
Alp Mehmet, of MigrationWatch UK, said: “This just shows what a massive business illegal immigration into this country is. Until we take dealing with it more seriously and devote adequate resources to stopping those behind it, it will continue to grow.”
A French investigator on the case said: “It's likely Jamal was one of the most successful people smugglers every in terms of money he made.
6 Mehmet, of Migrationwatch, said illegal immigration needs to be taken seriously
“We haven't been able to identify all the UK ‘bankers' involved in the organisation. That's why we hope British colleagues can locate them and try and recover the money.
“The figure of £1million Jamal made personally is just a starting point. It's possible he made much more.
“If we hadn't been tipped off by informers within the camp it's more than likely he'd still be in business now — and making more money.”
A host of William Shakespeare's puns, rhymes and rhythms are completely lost on modern audiences due to changes in pronunciation, a linguists expert has said.
David Crystal has dedicated 12 years to studing original pronunciation (OP) productions of Shakespeare plays, where actors pronounce their lines in what research suggests would have been the accent used in Shakespeare's time.
The recitation of Shakespeare's plays and sonnets in modern British accents means many of his puns and rhymes are effectively lost in translation.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
Below are some of those that risk being rendered obsolete:
1. Romeo and Juliet, Prologue:
"From forth the fatal loins of these two foes,
A pair of star-crossed lovers take their life."
The word ‘loins' would originally have been pronounced the same as ‘lines'.
This pun refers to the fatal bloodlines of Romeo and Juliet – the families that they descended from are the reason for their death, as well as their ‘loins' (their physical relationship).
2. As You Like It, Act 3, Scene 3:
Touchstone: "I am here with thee and they goats, as the most capricious poet, honest Ovid, was among the Goths."
In Shakespeare's time, ‘goats' and ‘Goths' would have sounded the same.
The Goths were a group of early Germanic Christians, at whom this line seems to be making a subtle dig.
3. A Midsummer Night's Dream, Act 5, Scene 1:
Demetrius: "No die, but an ace for him."
‘Ace' here refers to one (as in the number one on a single dice), but at the time would have sounded like ‘ass', as in donkey.
4. Sonnet 116:
"If this be error and upon me proved,
I have never writ, nor no man ever loved."
In Shakespeare's time, ‘proved' would have been pronounced to rhyme with ‘loved', making this sonnet end with an elegant rhyme.
5. Troilus and Cressida, Act 1, Scene 2:
Thersites: "But yet you look not well upon him; for, whomsoever you take him to be, he is Ajax."
Thersites is insulting Ajax just by saying his name. At the time, ‘Ajax' would have been pronounced ‘a jakes', a word that meant ‘sh*thouse' in Shakespeare's time.
The identical twins of girl group Crayon Pop, Choa and Way, or known as sub-unit Strawberry Milk, were featured in the latest photoshoot of Instyle magazine.
The two look fabulous with various poses, outfits and style. They display their naughty look yet feminine and lovable.
Choa, the older sibling, said, "We have similar personalities, aims and hobbies. But I'm shyer and indecisive. Way is braver and has a bold personality."
Way agreed and added "Choa is kind of sensitive and cautious, while myself is sometimes over-the-top."
They revealed that they're both sisters and close friends, and their parents feel more secure as they pursue musical career together.
Meanwhile, Crayon Pop has released its latest album "FM" last month in China and has a growing fan base there.
Jenny@dkpopnews
SQL is about as easy as it gets in the world of programming, and yet its learning curve is still steep enough to prevent many people from interacting with relational databases. Salesforce's AI research team took it upon itself to explore how machine learning might be able to open doors for those without knowledge of SQL.
Their recent paper, Seq2SQL: Generating Structured Queries from Natural Language using Reinforcement Learning, builds on sequence to sequence models typically employed in machine translation. A reinforcement learning twist allowed the team to obtain promising results translating natural language database queries into SQL.
In practice this means that you could simply ask who the winningest team in college football is and an appropriate database could be automatically queried to tell you that it is in fact the University of Michigan.
“We don't actually have just one way of writing a query the correct way,” Victor Zhong, one of the Salesforce researchers who worked on the project, explained to me in an interview. “If I give a natural language question, there might be two or three ways to write the query. We use reinforcement learning to encourage use of queries that obtain same result.”
You can imagine how machine translation problems can quickly become massively complex with large vocabularies. The more you can limit the number of possible translations for each missing word, the simpler your problem becomes. To this avail, Salesforce opted to limit its vocabulary to words used in database labels, the words in the question being asked and the words typically used in SQL queries.
The idea of democratizing SQL isn't new. Startups like ClearGraph, which was recently acquired by Tableau, have made it their business to open up data with English rather than SQL.
“Some models perform execution on a database itself,” added Zhong. “But there's potential privacy concerns if you're asking a question about Social Security numbers.”
Outside of the paper itself, Salesforce's biggest contribution here comes in the form of the WikiSQL data set it constructed to aid in building its model. First HTML tables were collected from Wikipedia. These tables became the basis for randomly generated SQL queries. These queries were used to form questions that were then passed off to humans for paraphrasing over Amazon Mechanical Turk. Each paraphrasing was verified twice with additional human guidance. The resulting data set is the largest such data set in existence.
Chinese state regulators have approved two models of the iPhone 5 for sale in the country, allowing the maker of shiny rectangles to push for a launch in the region in the coming weeks.
Chinese news site Sina Tech first reported the news that the regulators had approved the iPhone 5 for sale in two differnet versions. The A1429 model will be compatible with China Unicom's 3G/GSM network, while the A1442 model will operate on China Telecom's CDMA network.
For Apple to sell the latest smartphone in the country, the company must pass the 3C (China Compulsory Certificate) certification. However, according to sister-site CNET, Apple has yet to acquire a network-access license that would allow the handsets to connect to the country's cellular networks.
The country's second-largest network, China Unicom , which is part owned by the state and 5 percent-owned by Spanish mobile giant Telefonica, has more than 180 million subscribers. China Telecom, the country's third largest network , has more than 110 million subscribers.
However, the Chinese state regulators have yet to approve the iPhone 5 for China Mobile , the state-owned network with more than 600 million subscribers. As far as reports go, Apple has already inked deals with the two major networks, but has yet to make any formal agreement with the country's largest cellular network.
iPhones are incredibly popular in China, with tens of millions being sold in the past two years alone.
China currently represents around 15 percent of Apple's global revenues, according to Apple chief executive Tim Cook on the fourth quarter earnings call last week . He also confirmed that the Cupertino, CA.-based firm "project[s]" that the iPhone 5 would arrive in China during the December quarter.
A move into China could see a significant boost to Apple's revenues in the region, perhaps as much as doubling sales.
Canaccord Genuity analyst Michael Walkley predicts that Apple can almost double the number of iPhones the company sells by the end of 2013. However, it's clear that without making waves in China, Apple will not be able to hit the 194 million smartphones 'milestone' as projected.
A launch date for the iPhone 5 in China has yet to be announced, though Apple is expected to bring the long-awaited smartphone to the mainland Chinese market by the end of the year.
China-owned Hong Kong began selling the smartphone on its global launch day on September 21.
New Delhi: Thousands of kilometres separate the purported caliphate run by the Islamic State and India but security agencies have an ever growing reason to worry.
The Islamic State is spreading its wing in Syria-Iraq through a merciless onslaught on those who don't believe in their idea of Islam. Men being shot, beheaded, women kidnapped, raped and sold as slaves; humanity has lost its relevance before the daggers and guns for these killers.
A man holding the headless body of his young girl child and looking at it with stoned eyes and other such gory images have seeped through the blood soaked streets of the region as a warning to the rest of the world about the insane brutality of the men holding the black flag of the Islamic State.
That flag is now showing up with increasing frequency in India, particularly Kashmir.
The first reported sighting of IS flags and banners was on June 27 and more recently during a rally at the Idgah Maidan in Srinagar during Eid celebrations last week.
Masked men were seen waving IS flags and shouting slogans in the heart of the city, enough to put security agencies on alert.
"Certainly, we are watching and closely monitoring the situation as it were. As per my inputs, there was one incident of the kind that you refer to that of the (IS) flag. We are watching the situation as this is something which merits the highest concern of all security agencies and let me tell you that it is getting the attention of all the security agencies," General Officer Commanding (GoC) of the Army's Srinagar based 15 Corps, Lt Gen Subrata Saha said.
Reports later said that the Intelligence Bureau has held a high level meeting in Delhi to discuss the issue.
While Pakistani-based outfits such as Lashkar-e-Toiba, Hizbul Mujahideen and Jaish-e-Mohammed are active in the state, but the presence of Islamic State sympathisers is a matter of concern as reports have indicated that IS is recruiting fighters for its “holy war” via the internet.
Four young men from Maharashtra had reportedly joined the IS ranks after being indoctrinated online. One of them later lost his life while fighting in Syria.
Also, two men from Tamil Nadu were arrested for allegedly ordering and distributing t-shirts with the Islamic State emblem – a group photo of young men wearing the shirts went viral, triggering an uproar.
Perhaps wherever you are it's the most wonderful time of year but on Angelis… Well, are you a fan of Futurama?
Back in November 2006 a scenario was posted by fattdex and we've been planning on expanding it out into a full PDF release since about this time last year. We also saw that Ian Mackey had created the wonderful drawing of just the kind of character we were after and he graciously licensed the art under CC so we could include it. Well this year we managed to get everything to come together just in time for the start of December so hopefully some of you will get a chance to play it.
This scenario is for two players with Santa Klawz acting as a Notmob. There's Elvz, explosions, and ever so much festive carnage!
Download PDF
This document was adapted with permission by Benjamin Fox and Liam Davenport from a scenario written by Jayden Barr. Both this document and the original rules are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution NonCommercial ShareAlike 4.0 license.
The “Santa Ork” artwork was created by Ian Mackey and is also under a Creative Commons Attribution NonCommercial ShareAlike 4.0 license. The layout was made by Benjamin Fox using images created by Jenny Mathiasson and is also licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Unported license.
Tags: Da Reklamashun, Orks
Can we all agree on one thing, that the Affordable Care Act is forcing small business owners to pay ever-higher costs for their employees' health insurance? Right? Can't we?
Certainly, Obamacare's most ardent opponents have no trouble deploying a business owner devastated by premiums increases, usually described as "skyrocketing," for an appearance in a news story or at a Congressional hearing. But even among people who are not dogmatically hostile to the health reform law, there is a widespread sense that it has made insurance plans for small businesses more expensive. The main argument is that the law's requirements to cover certain "essential health benefits," including some preventive care, as well as others to insure people with pre-existing conditions and abolish yearly or lifetime caps on benefits, are forcing many employers to buy insurance plans that are too generous for their employees, and therefore costlier.
Except that it doesn't seem to be true. Health insurance premiums have been rising for decades, almost (though not quite) as stubbornly reliable as an eastern sunrise. And it turns out that these increases actually slowed after the Affordable Care Act became law in 2010. That's according to data collected by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, which tracks a range of topics around spending on health care in its Medical Expenditure Panel Survey. The survey tracks the health insurance offered by private firms big and small, and in all cases, the average rate of premium growth from the time the law passed in 2010 through 2015 was actually lower than from 2004 to 2010. And premium growth was lowest for firms with fewer than 50 employees.
A similar study, prepared every year by the Kaiser Family Foundation, shows a similar trajectory for premiums, and it continues into 2016. "Everything's been slower because we had the recession and health care costs just haven't been going up that much," says Gary Claxton, who directs the Kaiser Family Foundation's Health Care Marketplace Project. "That's still true, though it's wearing off a bit now."
This stands in sharp contrast to the individual insurance market, where the requirements imposed by Obamacare are similar. There, premiums have gone up significantly in the last year, because it appears that initially, insurers misjudged the population who would buy individual insurance, says Sabrina Corlette, a professor who researches health insurance at Georgetown University. "In the individual market there is evidence emerging there was serious under-pricing in the first few years," she says. The correction that began last year continued with steep premium hikes for 2017. According to the National Federation of Independent Business (which opposes Obamacare). 41 percent of business owners buy their own insurance rather than get coverage through a group policy they buy for their employees.
Meanwhile, back in the small group market, depending on the type of insurance plan, small firms have managed to hold steady, or even lower, employees' contributions toward premiums. And among the smallest firms — those with fewer than ten workers — a majority of employees still pay no premium at all. In fact, the share of employees paying no premium at all for individual coverage has held steady at about 60 percent since 2009. (Incidentally, a secondary argument that the law increases compliance costs for even the smallest business owners is plainly not true. Businesses with fewer than 50 employees have almost no obligations under the law.)
Early on, Obama administration officials liked to suggest that reforms in the Affordable Care Act were responsible for the slower premium growth — average premiums for family coverage actually fell for larger small firms in 2013 — but Claxton says there is no evidence of that. But all this raises an interesting question: why haven't all those rules in the Affordable Care Act raised premiums for the average small business? Why aren't these rich plans full of gratuitous benefits digging deeper into owners' pockets?
There are a couple reasons. First, all those mandated benefits are actually pretty standard for small business insurance plans. "The Affordable Care Act's essential health benefits are modeled after the most popular small group plans," says Claxton. And he said that the law allows for cheaper plans where employers can push more out-of-pocket costs to employees. "A wide range of cost-sharing practices were allowed — there's a lot of difference between bronze and platinum plans," he says. In general, deductibles are rising faster than premiums, though that was true in the years before the Affordable Care Act became law, too.
Overall, says Claxton, "changes to the group market were just not very big. Even the rating rules" — requirements that coverage be priced based not on a person's health status but on age, gender, a couple other factors — "just moved groups around the average. Going from health status ratings to community ratings — some groups go up and some groups go down, but the average cost of heath insurance doesn't change."
But there's something else: despite all the handwringing, many small business groups, perhaps most of them, have managed to cover their employees and still avoid most of those onerous benefit and coverage regulations. More about that in our next post.
I'm really serious about this. It's time to retire WAR. Not the metric or the methodology, or even the overarching name: Wins Above Replacement. I think those are just too valuable and too ingrained to just dump. There was a war between Wins Above Replacement and Bill James's Win Shares, and WAR won the war.
Which I think is sort of a shame. There were a lot of things to like about Win Shares. But it's pointless to ignore the facts on the ground, and anyway Win Shares aren't available anywhere even if we (read: I) wanted to use them.
So say hello (again) to Wins Above Replacement. We're stuck with the methodology, and we're stuck with the terminology, and that's not necessarily a bad thing.
The acronym has to go, however.
Bill James once described sabermetrics as "the search for objective knowledge about baseball". And if the search is all you care about, you can use whatever terms you like. Whatever makes you happy. But if you also care about communicating with other people -- whether you're a sabermetrician, or simply believe that sabermetricians' work is valuable -- the terminology does matter. Words matter.
And WAR isn't a good word.
For one thing, baseball's not a war. Baseball is not football, and the more we distinguish baseball from football, the better off we are. That's why, when writing about baseball, I shy away from the words "offense" and "defense" and "attack" and similar football-centric terms.
For another, WAR just looks and sounds ... silly, don't you think? Have you ever noticed how many baseball people -- writers, broadcasters, ex-players-turned-analysts -- sort of sneer every time they say "WAR"? I feel a little ridiculous every time I write it. I'm not going to argue that Mike Trout would have picked up a single additional first-place vote in the MVP balloting if so many of his boosters hadn't said WAR so often. I do believe that ridiculous-sounding acronyms don't help the cause of objective analysis, in the long run.
So what's the alternative? We don't want to say Wins Above Replacement again and again. Too much of a mouthful. What I suggest is that do use Wins Above Replacement upon (as they say) first use ... and switch to Wins -- yes, with a capital W -- afterward. Let's be honest: Nobody has a solid idea of what "replacement" means anyway, and in fact different methods for computing Wins Above Replacement use different definitions of replacement.
Nobody cares about that. What everybody cares about is winning games, and the way you win games is having better players than the other team. It's all about the wins, baby. So why don't we just call them that? But with a capital W. Lest anyone be confused. People have a tendency to get confused.
Oh, and there's another thing about Wins Above Replacement ... the decimals are ridiculous. One of the great things about Win Shares is they're whole numbers. It actually makes more sense to round off Win Shares (Shares) than Wins Above Replacement (Wins) because Shares tend to be larger numbers, so rounding leads to less imprecision. But the principle is the same: Decimals imply a precision that is neither real nor credible. According to FanGraphs, Cliff Lee finished last season with 4.9 Wins (or fWins), Wade Miley with 4.8 fWins. Does anyone really want to argue that that's a meaningful distinction?
I would rather just look at all the pitchers who round to five fWins -- and there are a lot of them, from Gio Gonzalez (5.4) to Cole Hamels (4.6) -- and then get to cracking with the real research.
Which is what anybody's serious is already doing. See, people like me (and probably you) are accused of "just looking at one number and thinking you know everything." No, we don't do that. We do look at Wins, to get an idea. When I see that Verlander's got 6.8 (or 7) fWins and David Price has 5.4 (or 5) fWins, I'm going to guess that Verlander probably had a better year. But when I see a dozen pitchers clustered right around 5 Wins? I'm not going to assume anything. I'm going to study on that.
Wins Above Replacement is really useful for two things. It's really useful for comparing groups of players. If you want to compare the 1993 draft class to the 1997 draft class, something like Wins Above Replacement is the best tool. Hell, it's really the only tool. It's also useful for comparing individual players -- say, if you're trying to determine who was the best player in the American League this season -- but it's often of limited usefulness, because the method does miss some things. And we do the method, and ourselves, and the pursuit of the Truth, a disservice if we pretend that Wins Above Replacement is more than it is.
So I'm retiring WAR, and I'm cutting back on the decimal points.
Ingredients:
1 package of Seeds of Change Quinoa and Brown Rice (Get mine at Costco)
Directions:
Season Chicken Breast with dry Italian seasoning, black pepper, and granulated garlic.
Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a pan on medium heat.
Place Chicken Breast in the oil and cook for 5 minutes each side. After the 10 minutes, place the Chicken Breast on a cooking sheet, and place in the oven at 400 degrees for 10 minutes. After the 10 minutes remove Chicken and let rest.
After removing Chicken from the pan, add the chopped asparagus to the pan. Season with garlic, salt, and pepper to taste.
After 3 minutes add 2 cups of spinach to the pan and cook until tender.
Follow the directions on the package for the Quinoa and Brown rice.
YAVORIV, Ukraine — The U.S. Army and its NATO allies are working hard to upgrade one of the Ukrainian army's aging training bases to give its troops a more realistic sense of a modern battlefield.
The allies are also working with the Ukrainian armed forces, currently engaged in an ongoing conflict with Russian-backed separatists in Ukraine's eastern regions, on a review of their outdated Soviet-era doctrine in an effort to bring it in line with NATO standards by 2020.
The new facilities at the Yavoriv base include classrooms, a dining facility and barracks, as well as a simulation center and a modern urban combat site.
“Based on our experiences, a combat training center (like Yavoriv) is the best way to train an army,” said Col. David Jordan, the American commander of the Joint Multinational Training Group-Ukraine. “They don't do force-on-force training, like we do, and that's so important. If you're going to make a mistake in battle, you want to be able to make that mistake in training and fix it.”
The United States, Britain, Canada, Lithuania and Poland established the JMTG-U in 2015 as part of a wider effort to boost the Ukrainian forces, which began soon after the country emerged as a sovereign nation when the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991. The goal was to create a self-sustaining system and hand the area over to the Ukrainian military by 2020.
Much of the training so far has consisted of tactical drills such as first-aid training, marksmanship, individual weapons training, explosive threat recognition and disposal and logistics improvements.
The Yavoriv center can currently accommodate a battalion-size unit. But in order to facilitate larger, brigade-level, force-on-force training in the future, the JMTG-U has cleared some 100,000 square meters of the combat center of land mines and unexploded ordnance from several earlier conflicts. They are currently clearing more than 7,000 square meters of training area each day, with a goal of clearing 18 million square meters by 2018.
Other problems the Ukrainians face range from a top-heavy ratio of senior ranks-to-troops — relying heavily on officers for many of the tasks most NATO armies would delegate to noncommissioned officers — to a cumbersome system for calling in artillery fire. Consequently, one of the priorities during their 55-day training rotations is helping build up the Ukrainian NCO corps and training soldiers from the individual level all the way to the company level.
American fire support officer 1st Lt. Arthur Jobe said the current way the Ukrainians call for artillery fire, by having the artillery officer observe and plot targets as well as doing the math needed for long-range fire, is much more time-consuming than NATO standards.
“It's been challenging trying to get them to modernize their artillery capabilities, but they'll get there,” Jobe said. “I can't even tell you how much more effective they will be once they master this.”
When the JMTG-U began the training rotations in 2015, NATO allies would guide the Ukrainians through each of the training events. But Ukrainian soldiers have progressed far since then.
“They've improved immensely since day one,” said instructor 1st Lt. Brendon Galvin. “Our instructors are mainly hands-off at this point, and we let the Ukrainians train themselves. Ultimately, this is going to be their installation.”
When the combat center is completed, Ukrainian forces will train their own soldiers, along with NATO allies and partner nations, in much the same way the American Hohenfels Combat Maneuver Training Center in Germany functions.
egnash.martin@stripes.com
Twitter: @Marty_Stripes
A menu showing the last lunch to be served aboard the Titanic is to be auctioned for an expected £100,000.
The date April 14, 1912, when the Titanic sank in the North Atlantic and 1,500 lives were lost, is written on the menu, which was in a survivor's handbag.
The card, which gives a glimpse into the luxury on offer on the doomed vessel, will be auctioned by Henry Aldridge & Son, which claims to be the world's leading auctioneers of Titanic memorabilia, on 31 March.
The sale will mark the 100th anniversary of the launch of the Royal Mail Steamer Titanic. A spokesman for the auctioneers described the menu as the star of the auction and "one of the rarest items of Titanic memorabilia to be sold in recent years".
"The menu carries the all-important date and gives the reader a fascinating insight into the culinary life of Titanic's elite apssengers," he said.
The first-class menu was picked up by Ruth Dodge, a passenger from San Francisco who was travelling with her banker husband Dr Washington Dodge and their son Washington Junior in a berth which cost £81 17s 2d (£18.85). Among the items on offer were galantine of chicken, eggs Argenteuil and veal.
Mrs Dodge kept the menu in her handbag as a memento. The entire family survived the disaster and escaped on lifeboats. Her husband was pushed into a lifeboat full of children by a steward in order to help with their care.
In an interview he gave soon after arriving in New York on the rescue ship Carpathia, Washington Sr said: "It was 10.30 when the collision occurred, and 1.55 when the ship went down. I saw Colonel Astor, Major Butt and Captain Smith standing together about 11.30 - there was absolutely no excitement among them. Captain Smith said there was no danger.
"The starboard side of the Titanic struck the big berg and the ice was piled up on deck. None of us had the slightest realisation that the ship has received its death wound.
"Everything was still quiet and orderly when I placed Mrs Dodge and the boy in the fifth or fourth boat
"I did what I could to help in keeping order, as after the sixth or seventh boat was launched the excitement began."
He escaped on the 13th boat and said he heard the orchestra playing Lead, Kindly Light as the craft went down. He added: "I will never forget the awful scene of the great steamer as we drew away."
The city of Shaddadi was liberated by the SDF troops after months of fighting against ISIS. File photo
Three senior Iranian officers killed in clashes with Syrian rebels in Aleppo
Syrian Islamist rebels ask for evacuation of Kurds in Aleppo after massacre
Airdrops in Syria continue as UN envoy meets with Iranian official in Tehran
US military hit ISIS with ‘cyber bombs' for first time
ARA News
HASAKAH – Western-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) announced on Friday midnight the liberation of Shaddadi city in Hasakah province from the Islamic State's (ISIS) militants.
After months of battles with ISIS, the SDF has regained control of Shaddadi city –ISIS last bastion in Syria's northeastern Hasakah province.
ISIS militants have evacuated their headquarters in Shaddadi under heavy bombardment by the Kurdish-Arab alliance of the SDF.
“More than 50 Daesh militant fighters were killed in Fridays' battle for Shaddadi,” a spokesman for the SDF told ARA News, using an acronym for ISIS.
The source added that eight SDF fighters were killed and 11 others injured, before the U.S.-backed alliance was able to expel the extremist group from the area.
“The U.S.-led coalition's air cover has facilitated the SDF progress on the ground. Hasakah province is now free of Daesh terrorists,” he said.
This comes just hours after the SDF units cut off a main supply route for the ISIS radical group near Syria's northeastern border with Iraq.
“SDF units have closed a strategic supply route near Shaddadi in Hasakah province after fierce clashes with ISIS militants,” the SDF leadership said earlier on Friday, adding that ISIS movement was paralyzed subsequent to losing its main supply line with Iraq's Mosul.
The SDF, which includes Kurdish, Arab and Christian units, had earlier liberated more than 240 towns and villages from ISIS militants on the border with Iraq. The alliance has imposed its full control over the entire territory of Hasakah province on Friday midnight.
Reporting by: Qehreman Miste
Source: ARA News
ng-content: The hidden docs
Eudes Petonnet Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 15, 2017
Disclaimer: This article is about Angular, as opposed to AngularJS. This means it applies for Angular 2.x, 4.x, and hopefully future versions.
If you've ever tried to write a reusable component in Angular, you probably had to project content inside of it. You discovered <ng-content> , found a few blog posts about it, and got your component working. This article will walk you through the quirks and advanced use cases for content projection to answer questions that keep popping up on the Clarity team and apparently on Angular's GitHub repository too.
Normally I would start this article by pointing you to the official documentation of the feature I'm describing, but for content projection it doesn't exist yet… So let's jump right in!
A simple example
We will use a single example throughout this article, showing different ways to project content and various edge cases. Because many of the questions are related to the component lifecycle in Angular, our main component will have a counter displaying the number of times it has been instantiated:
We will use this Counter component and project it in any way we can think of into some variation of this Wrapper component, which just projects it into a styled box:
Let's just check these work as expected, by putting three counters inside the wrapper:
It displays 1 , 2 and 3 as expected. So far, so good.
From now on, we will test with a single counter for simplicity. So our default app's HTML going forward will be:
Targeted projection
Sometimes you want different children of your wrapper to be projected in different parts of your template. To handle this, <ng-content> supports a select attribute that lets you project specific content in specific places. This attribute takes a CSS selector ( my-element , .my-class , [my-attribute] , …) to match the children you want. If you include an ng-content without a select attribute, it will serve as a catch-all and will receive all children that did not match any of the other ng-content elements. Long story short:
The counter is correctly projected into the second, blue box, while the child that is not a Counter ends up in the catch-all red box. Note that the targeted ng-content takes precedence over the catch-all, even if it's after it in the template.
ngProjectAs
Sometimes your inner component is hidden within another larger component. Sometimes you just need to wrap it in an extra container to apply ngIf or ngSwitch . For whatever reason, it often happens that your inner component is not a direct child of the wrapper. To simulate that, let's just wrap our Counter component in an <ng-container> and see what happens to our target projection:
Our Counter component is now projected in the red catch-all element, because the ng-container around it doesn't match the select="counter" anymore. To remedy this, we have to use the ngProjectAs attribute, which can be put on absolutely any element and lets it “disguise” any element for content projection purposes. It takes the exact same kind of selectors as the select attribute on <ng-content> .
So keeping our wrapper the same as before (with the blue and red boxes), we can now use this new attribute in our app:
The counter is back in the blue box, just like we wanted.
Time to poke and prod
Ok, we got the simpler cases working. But what happens if we think outside the box (wink wink)? Let's start with a simple experiment: put two <ng-content> blocks in our template with no selectors. What should happen? Will we end up with two counters or only one? If we end up with two, do they display 1 and 1 or 1 and 2 ?
The answer is that we get a single counter in the last <ng-content> , the other one is empty! Let's experiment a bit more before we try to explain why. We're getting to the example that generated the most questions on GitHub, by far: what if I wrap my <ng-content> in an *ngIf ?
At first glance, it seems to work fine. But if you toggle it on and off with the button, you'll notice the counter doesn't increase. This means our Counter component is instantiated a single time — never destroyed and recreated. Isn't that the opposite of what *ngIf is supposed to do? Let us check with *ngFor to see if we have the same problem:
Same thing as our multiple <ng-content> case, only the last one gets a counter! Why is it not working as we expected?
The explanation
<ng-content> does not “produce” content, it simply projects existing content. Think of it as some variation of node.appendChild(el) or the well-known JQuery version $(node).append(el) : with these methods, the node is not cloned, it is simply moved to its new location. Because of this the lifecycle of the projected content is bound to where it is declared, not where it is displayed.
There are two reasons for this behavior: consistency of expectations and performance. What “consistency of expectations” means is that as a developer, I can read my app's code and guess its behavior based on the code that I have written. Let's say I wrote this piece of code:
Obviously the counter is going to be instantiated once. But now, let's say instead of my static wrapper, I use one from a third-party library:
If the third-party library had the ability to control the lifecycle of my counter, I would have no way of knowing how many times it has been instantiated. The only way for me to know would be to look at the code of the third-party library, and be at the mercy of any internal changes they make. Enforcing the lifecycle to be bound to my app component instead of the wrapper's means I can safely assume my counter will be instantiated a single time, without knowing anything about the actual code of the third party library.
The performance part is much more obvious. Because ng-content only moves elements, it can be done at compile time rather than run time, which significantly reduces the work of the actual application (especially when compiling ahead of time, which angular-cli does by default).
The solution
To let the wrapper control the instantiation of its children, we need to give it a template for the content, rather than the content itself. This can be done in two ways: using the <ng-template> element around our content, or using a structural directive with the “star” syntax, like *myContent . For simplicity, we will use the <ng-template> syntax in our examples, but you can find all the information you need about the star prefix here. Our new app looks like this:
The wrapper cannot use <ng-content> anymore, since it receives a template. It needs to access the template with @ContentChild , and use ngTemplateOutlet to display it:
Our counter is now correctly incremented every time we hide it and show it again! Now let's try again with *ngFor :
The Carolina parakeet was the only indigenous parrot in North America. As its forest habitat was cleared in the 1800s, and crops were planted in its range in the eastern United States, the Carolina parakeet began to feed on cultivated fruit in addition to its traditional diet of fruits and the seeds of plants. Farmers exterminated the birds in fields and orchards, as they saw them as agricultural pests. They were also hunted for their colourful feathers, used to adorn women's hats. The task of hunting was made easier by the highly social parakeet's flock behaviour of returning to where birds had been killed or injured.
By the mid-1800s the species was rare and the remaining population was restricted to Florida, with the last sightings made in the early 1900s. Ironically, by then the remnant flocks in Florida were tolerated by farmers and hunting for their decorative feathers had stopped. It is thought that poultry disease and competition for tree nesting cavities from newly introduced honeybees were the final causes of extinction. The last Carolina parakeets died in 1918 in the Cincinnati Zoo, in the same aviary where Martha, the last passenger pigeon, had died four years earlier.
Terrence Howard as Lucious Lyon in the Credit: Chuck Hodes/Fox
It will cost advertisers just as much to advertise in the upcoming season of Fox's "Empire" as it does in some top-tier NFL programming.
Fox is selling commercial time in its hip-hop drama for about $500,000 for a 30-second spot, according to media buyers. And in some cases advertisers are paying more than that. That's on par with the prices for a 30-second commercial in CBS's "Thursday Night Football" last season, according to Ad Age's 2014 survey.
The Sept. 23 premiere is already sold out, according to buyers, and the finale is nearing that point.
A Fox spokeswoman declined to comment on pricing and sell-out levels.
Fox will once again air "Empire" with limited commercials, as it did in its first season.
"Empire" will likely be one of advertisers' most expensive non-sports programs, if not the most, in broadcast prime time this season. Last year, the most expensive non-sports program on broadcast was CBS's "The Big Bang Theory," at $344,827 for a 30-second spot.
It hasn't been since the 2011-12 season, when Fox's "American Idol" cost marketers $502,900, that an entertainment broadcast property topped $500,000.
"Empire" broke ratings records in its freshman season, growing its audience week-to-week throughout its run, a feat not achieved in the modern TV era. The show, which follows a music mogul and his family, averaged 13 million viewers in live and same day viewing and a 5.1 in the all-important 18-to-49 demographic.
It wound up averaging a 5.9 rating in the demo in C3 commercial ratings, representing 7.45 million adults, more than double the C3 rating for the season's second-biggest new series, "How To Get Away With Murder" on ABC.
Lincoln will return as a sponsor of the show, joined this season by Pepsi.
Richard Laing, Sub Pop's director of sales, sees the partnership with Drip.fm as a way to capture some of the same intense brand loyalty the label engendered in the CD-and-cassette era of the early 1990s.
“Instead of people seeking out recommendations from any kind of algorithm, they're seeking that out from our label and what we're looking to put out,” he said.
With their limited musical offerings, Drip.fm and its ilk are niche products unlikely to appeal to a wide audience. But they are giving indie labels a chance to cultivate and monetize their most loyal fans amid the growing number of streaming services. And the ability to sell their music has become an increasing challenge. Digital downloads declined nearly 12 percent in the first half of this year compared with the first half of 2013.
“That's what labels like ours were built on,” Mr. Laing said. “People bought Sub Pop records and hopefully still do base on seeing the label. So hopefully this is a digital equivalent of that.”
Streaming services make sense for mainstream artists like Rihanna and Katy Perry, who are popular enough to generate substantial revenue from the royalties they make from streaming (usually a fraction of a cent every time a song is played).
Celtic have reached an agreement with Derk Boerrigter for an early termination of the midfielder's contract, according to the Scottish Sun.
Boerrigter's current deal expired in the summer. He's been absent from the Celtic first team since the beginning of last season.
His initial signing from Ajax appeared quite a coup as he's largely impressed with the Dutch side. However, the one caveat was his injury issues, and so this proved the case as he struggled to get a run of games in the side before breaking down.
Celtic spent this entire season trying to off-load their dud signing and finally seem to have brokered a deal.
Across his entire Celtic career, Boerrigter amounted 25 appearances, eight starts and one solitary goal - a last minute strike against Aberdeen that put Celtic 2-1 ahead in a match they'd win 3-1. His last ever league appearance came in a victory over St Johnstone. Boerrigter won his side a penalty but was later handed a two-match ban for diving.
READ MORE - Rumour Mill: Liverpool eye ‘£10m Tierney' | Boerrigter exits Celtic | Dons ‘still fighting for title'
THE SCOTSMAN ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Keep up to date with all our sport news on The Scotsman's Sport page on Facebook
Follow @ScotsmanSport for the latest sports news and comment
The Washington Post's Jason Reid, LaVar Arrington, and Dan Steinberg debate whether the Redskins or Giants are more likely to win the NFC East following the Redskins' victory over the first-place Giants on Monday Night Football. (The Washington Post)
The Washington Post's Jason Reid, LaVar Arrington, and Dan Steinberg debate whether the Redskins or Giants are more likely to win the NFC East following the Redskins' victory over the first-place Giants on Monday Night Football. (The Washington Post)
Just when you thought the hype surrounding Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III couldn't escalate any further, the frenzy has continued to build this week. As Griffin continues to lead Washington's once improbable quest for a winning season, the spotlight on him only intensifies.
On Sunday, the Redskins' rookie quarterback was the subject of a CBS “Sunday Morning” segment that credited him with uniting politically polarized Washington, quoting some high-profile elected officials. On Monday night, Griffin played in his second nationally televised game and led the Redskins over the New York Giants for Washington's first three-game win streak since 2008. (The victory also marked the Redskins' sixth of the season, meaning they will at least finish one game better than last year's 5-11 record.)
Following the game, analysts such as Hall of Fame quarterback Steve Young, fellow Super Bowl-winning passer Trent Dilfer and former Super Bowl-winning coach Jon Gruden raved about Griffin's play, which ESPN highlighted over the next 48 hours.
On Tuesday night, Griffin attended his first Washington Wizards game. Sitting courtside in owner Ted Leonsis's seats, he stole the spotlight from the home team's players, who upset LeBron James and the defending NBA champion Miami Heat.
When the long-suffering Wizards pulled off the upset, fans and commentators wondered tongue-in-cheek if it was Griffin's aura that had caused their good fortune.
The Post Sports Live crew debates whether rookie running back Alfred Morris or veteran wide receiver Pierre Garçon is more indispensable to the Redskins' offense down the stretch of the season. (The Washington Post)
“It's humbling. You never go somewhere expecting people to chant your name,” Griffin said, referring to the response he got at the Verizon Center Tuesday night. “. . . It just means you're really doing something for the city.”
With Griffin at quarterback, the Redskins are playing meaningful December games for the first time since 2008. He boasts the third-best passer rating and sixth-best completion percentage in the NFL. Griffin has thrown 17 touchdown passes and just four interceptions (the latter is tied for best in the league among starting quarterbacks through 12 games). And Griffin has accumulated 714 rushing yards, a new NFL single-season record by a rookie quarterback.
On Wednesday, a representative from the Pro Football Hall of Fame came to Redskins Park to collect the jersey and cleats that Griffin wore while he set the record Monday.
“Everyone wants to be in the Hall of Fame, so, we're in there,” Griffin said after uncomfortably enduring the brief transfer ceremony of his memorabilia to the possession of the Hall of Fame official. “But I have a long career, prayerfully, and this is only the first step. It's an honor to have my jersey and my cleats, although they're very dirty, in the Hall of Fame.”
Following the “Monday Night Football” broadcast, Gruden gushed over Griffin, saying he is skills, and the plays the Redskins are running for him, have changed the pro game.
Griffin's response: “I don't think it's me by myself, necessarily . . . God has blessed me with speed, and good decision-making, so [coaches] allow me to go out there and trust me even in crucial situations to throw the ball and run the ball or whatever it is. When a coach buys in and the whole team buys in, you can have what we're doing.”
Griffin's opinion of himself may not be lofty. His goals are, however. He spoke Wednesday of his intention to develop into the best quarterback to play the game and help the Redskins become perennial contenders.
A short time later, Redskins Coach Mike Shanahan took the podium for his post-practice news conference and when asked about the quarterback, he praised the rookie for how he continues to handle himself.
“He's doing a great job” of focusing, Shanahan said. “He's a guy that likes to prepare and likes to practice. He knows what it takes to win, and he's got all the natural intangibles, and that's what we expect out of our quarterback, and you couldn't ask for more.
“ . . . The more you get to know him, the more you're just amazed with how he handles himself and how well he prepares. You don't know that until you spend some time with him. He kind of surprises me almost every situation on how well he handles himself.”
NATO believes Kiev lost military conflict in Ukraine
NATO is skeptical about the chances of Kiev in the fight against the militia of the Donbass. In fact, the alliance recognized that the current Ukrainian authorities have lost the military conflict, German publication Der Spiegel wrote.
The article in the newspaper said that after the militia took control of the airport of Luhansk, the superiority of militia forces became obvious.
A senior military official said that NATO radically changed its attitude towards the military situation in Ukraine.
Previously, NATO believed that the militia would retreat under the onslaught of government troops. Presently, after the meeting between representatives of the bloc and Ukrainian President Poroshenko, Kiev is referred to as the loser, Russia 24 TV channel reports.
Kiev insists on military-technical assistance from NATO. In the USA, there are officials, who believe that such assistance should be provided.
Even if such deliveries start, it does not mean that it may somehow help Ukrainian security officials. Noteworthy, prior to the armed conflict in 2008, the Americans were actively helping Mikhail Saakashvili to rearm and retrain the Georgian army. The combat capability of the Georgian troops did not improve much.
Startup Crossbar emerged from stealth mode Monday to announce its version of RRAM (resistive random-access memory), a new type of memory that could be a successor to flash storage and DRAM.
The company, founded in 2010, will make and license its RRAM, a nonvolatile memory, which will be smaller, faster and more power-efficient than NAND flash and RAM, said George Minassian, CEO of Crossbar.
"It is higher density ... and the current is much lower," Minassian said, adding that the memory's physical and power attributes make it a suitable replacement for storage in smartphones, tablets, PCs and servers.
Crossbar is claiming RRAM will deliver 20 times faster write performance, 20 times less power consumption and 10 times more durability than NAND flash. The memory chips will be stacked, and a 1TB module will be roughly half the size of a NAND flash module with similar storage, Minassian said.
He could not estimate the price of a 1TB RRAM module, but said it will cheaper than NAND flash partly because RRAM is less expensive to manufacture.
Crossbar
Crossbar will also license the technology to third parties. It could be two or three years before the memory shows up in products, but that depends on demand for the product, Minassian said.
"It's a matter of what company appears at what time," Minassian said.
RRAM differs from the way NAND flash and RAM operate. Unlike NAND flash, Crossbar's technology does not use transistors or trap a charge. Instead it uses a layered approach to store data. An RRAM cell has three layers, with a switch in the middle that helps determines whether the cell is storing a 1 or a 0. The top layer has a metallic electrode, while the lower layer has a nonmetallic electrode. The top layer passes metal ions into the switching media and into the lower layer, which creates a filament to keep the electrodes connected, what Minassian called a "short wire." Applying a negative charge breaks the wire and leaves a gap between the electrodes, which leaves no resistance, changing the status of the memory cell.
"This is not a gate you use in standard NAND and NOR. This is resistive, which is where RRAM comes from," Minassian said.
RRAM uses existing material and can be made in factories. Prototypes are being made in factories of TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.), Minassian said.
Crossbar's RRAM doesn't contain transistors, so it is easy to make as chips become smaller, Minassian said.
Crossbar
Crossbar's technology is very interesting and could be useful as manufacturing technologies improve and chips get smaller, said Jim Handy, principal analyst at Objective Analysis, in an email.
"It's generally accepted that something is going to replace NAND and DRAM someday, since these technologies have scaling issues. When that will occur is unclear," Handy said.
It is becoming more complex to make NAND and DRAM as manufacturing technology improves at a rapid rate, Handy said. Intel, which has the world's most advanced chip factories, will soon move to the 14-nanometer process to make its chips. Manufacturing smaller chips with more features requires more attention to detail, and chips could be vulnerable to a wider class of defects.
"With that in mind, and with the advent of 3D NAND as a successor to today's planar NAND, there may be another five process generations, or even more, before alternative memory technologies have a shot at replacing NAND flash. The story's probably the same for DRAM," Handy said.
Once a scaling limit has indeed been reached, technologies like Crossbar's RRAM will rapidly take away market share from the entrenched players, Handy said.
Other RRAM designs are being researched by academics and research institutions. Alternative forms of memory to NAND and DRAM also include Everspin's MRAM (magnetoresistive RAM) and PCM (phase-change memory), a memory type being pursued by Micron and Samsung Semiconductor. Hewlett-Packard is making a memory type called memristor.
As soon as David Perron opened his mouth and started talking about accountability, the first thing that popped into my head was that his days in Edmonton were nearing a close. We've seen this scenario work out before our eyes recently, in a season with big expectations where the Canadiens were crumbling, Mike Cammalleri was frustrated and said that the team was preparing like losers, calling out his teammates, himself, and the coaching staff.
Soon after he was dealt at perhaps his lowest value to the Calgary Flames along with Karri Ramo for Rene Bourque, Patrick Holland, and the second round draft choice that became Zachary Fucale, a trade Pierre Gauthier swore up and down wasn't born of panic, but something he'd been working on for months. Sure. Fucale is the only part of that trade still around, with Bourque being a colossal disaster for most of his time in Montreal. Cammalleri meanwhile, continued to be a very productive goal scorer, 15th best per minute at even strength in the entire NHL since the trade, to be exact.
When organizations are spiralling out of control and a talented player speaks out of turn, especially if that player is experiencing a down swing in the percentages, they make themselves an easy scapegoat, and other teams are all too happy to take advantage.
While there are people in the Oilers organization that love Perron, like the newly hired Tyler Dellow, credible insiders like Bob McKenzie and late last night, Elliotte Friedman have been fairly confident in saying Perron is going to be moved, and soon.
Would Perron help the Habs?
It's pretty tough for me to imagine a scenario where David Perron on the Canadiens would be a bad move (pending the return). Last season among Oilers to play over 750 even strength minutes, he ranked fourth in shot attempt differential, second among all forwards, in spite of starting a slight majority of his shifts in the defensive zone.
Right click and open in a new tab to enlarge Right click and open in a new tab to enlarge
Perron had a positive impact on his teammates in Edmonton last season both offensively and defensively, though it was his defensive impact that showed up a little bit more. That's a bit surprising because you don't hear much about Perron's defensive acumen, but he isn't a one-dimensional player.
Where Perron really shines though is his offensive production. Over the last three years (two of them with St. Louis), Perron ranks third on the Oilers in even strength points per 60 minutes played, ahead of Nail Yakupov and Ryan Nugent-Hopkins. On the Canadiens he would rank fifth, behind Max Pacioretty, Brendan Gallagher, Alex Galchenyuk, and Desharnais. Not too shabby.
The Canadiens are also in need of a left winger who can produce offense, since the Rene Bourque experiment turned out to be a miserable failure. Max Pacioretty and Alex Galchenyuk are both excellent players, but Galchenyuk is bound for the center position eventually, and a solid left winger behind Pacioretty is a must going forward. Even if Galchenyuk doesn't move to center right away, that added scoring depth on the wing can't hurt, especially with Peron's easily digestible $3,812,500 cap hit this year and next.
Trade evaluations
The Oilers have a desire for centers and defensemen, two areas the Montreal Canadiens have a lot of depth, and let's face it, they have to move a center within the next calendar year to get Galchenyuk playing there, it's the next step towards becoming a contender and they've already pushed it a little long.
That leaves the Canadiens with three possible main pieces in a trade for Perron, so let's explore all three.
Photo credit: Getty Images Photo credit: Getty Images
Eller's name was the first to be brought up in Edmonton media. Eller is an enticing player, bringing size, defensive ability, and a bit of a scoring touch that remains untapped for the most part in Montreal. He's in the midst of a very good start as far as scoring goes, which will naturally lead to him being brought up in trade discussions.
Would it cost more than Eller?
We have a very high view of Eller on EOTP, but league wide he isn't considered a top end center. His career high in points is just 30, albeit in the lockout shortened season, and the most goals he's ever scored in a season is just 16. Last year Perron scored 28, and while centers are more valuable, Perron is a consistent 20 goal scorer, which is worth a lot in the NHL. Considering one of the players rumoured for Perron is Artem Anisimov, who has better career statistics than Eller, and is also even bigger, I would imagine it would cost the Canadiens more than just Eller to get Perron.
In order to create a lucrative package for Perron, the Canadiens would likely need to add one of their many nearly NHL ready defensive prospects such as Greg Pateryn, Magnus Nygren, Darren Dietz, or Mac Bennett, along with possibly a draft pick.
Can the Canadiens replace Eller internally?
Right now, Eller has faced the toughest competition of all of the Canadiens' centers, faced the second toughest zone starts, played with the lowest quality of teammates, and has been the Canadiens' best possession driver this year. He's coupled that with the second highest goals per 60 minute rate on the Canadiens after Pacioretty, which is pretty impressive.
Plekanec can do the job that Eller is performing right now, but then that brings up who will do Plekanec's job. I don't believe that Galchenyuk is ready to take on the minutes that Eller plays, so trading him plus assets for Perron would possibly be making the team weaker.
Photo credit: Getty Images Photo credit: Getty Images
His name hasn't been mentioned, and it would be blasphemy to many Habs fans to trade him, but the fact is that Tomas Plekanec is 32 years old, and up for contract in two years, and off to a hot start this season while not playing the toughest minutes on the team for the first time in ages. Over the last few seasons Plekanec's offensive contributions have been declining, but he is the type of veteran who could turn the Oilers' ship around. He's a toolsy, 200 foot player who seems to be able to score 20 goals per season even if his linemates are simply weights around his ankles.
Would it cost more than Plekanec?
Perron is younger than Plekanec, but both players are unrestricted free agents in two years, and as much as I like Perron as a player, I think that the perception around the league is that Plekanec is significantly superior at this point in time. Plekanec is making significantly more money than Perron is with his $5,000,000 per year salary, but the Oilers do have a fair amount of wiggle room under the cap. In all likelihood it would be a one-for-one trade if it were to happen.
Can the Canadiens replace Plekanec internally?
Before this season, the answer has always been no, but Eller has kind of already done it, with better results. However Plekanec is still far from playing easy minutes, taking on the second toughest competition among centers, and has a zone start split similar to what Eller has. Plekanec also still has a much bigger role on special teams than any other center on the team, which is a secondary concern, but still a concern.
Eller can likely take Plekanec's shorthanded minutes and excel, While Galchenyuk could definitely use more time at center on the powerplay, but at even strength that job is tougher to handle, and a lot to ask of a 20 year old center. It may work out eventually, but it's a tough ask.
Photo credit: Getty Images Photo credit: Getty Images
Before the "untradeable" talk starts, let's take a look back at the players Marc Bergevin has traded in the last few months. An ancient Daniel Briere for P.A. Parenteau and the Habs got a fifth round pick in the deal. Two years of Travis Moen traded for Sergei Gonchar, who has actually been really good. And two years of Rene Bourque gone for one year of tolerating Bryan Allen.
Desharnais is diminutive, and easy to criticize, but he also has 151 points in his last 231 games, which makes him just under a 54 points player every 82 games played. Is he a top line center on a championship team? No. Is he a huge upgrade for the Oilers at center? Absolutely.
Would it cost more than Desharnais?
I think sometimes we get so caught up in how much Desharnais is given favourable minutes, assignments, and linemates that we forget how many points he's been producing. He's small, but of the centers available on the trade market, he likely has the best offensive pedigree, and he's cheap at $3,500,000, cheaper than Perron. His size is an issue though, especially out west, so we have to account for that general league bias.
Because of his size, Desharnais may have around the same trade value as Lars Eller, meaning in order to grab Perron, the Habs may need to give up a solid defense prospect and a pick.
Can the Canadiens replace Desharnais internally?
Because Desharnais doesn't carry much of a defensive workload, is gifted a lot of offensive zone starts, and plays with the team's most talented wingers, I believe that his spot in the lineup is destined to be taken by Alex Galchenyuk. Desharnais is a tricky player to trade due to being one of the few French Canadians on the team, but like Briere before him, trading for another French Canadian may be the perfect route.
Galchenyuk may struggle initially with the duties of a center, but considering how little defensive value Desharnais brings to the table, I'm highly skeptical that the increase in offensive talent he would bring wouldn't offset that almost immediately. Right now, a player like David Desharnais likely has a lot more value to a team like the Oilers than a team like the Habs.
Now that the 53-man roster has been set, the Bengals turn their focus toward the start of the regular season.
Week 1 at the Jets will be about a tough contest for the Bengals. Making this even more challenging is Cincinnati still having several key players dealing with various injuries, putting their Week 1 availability in question.
Over at Bengals.com, Geoff Hobson gave brief injury updates on several players, including quotes from Marvin Lewis on the status of Cedric Peerman and William Jackson III. Both guys were kept on the initial 53-man roster, which gives them the chance to go on I.R. and be designated to return later this year.
"We feel that William Jackson and Ced Peerman, from what we've been told, have an opportunity to possibly at some point be able to come back this football season," said Lewis. "So we're going to try to keep that avenue open, at least that option open for us."
William Jackson III
Jackson is still recovering from a torn pectoral muscle that required surgery. He will likely go on I.R. and could be brought back later in the year, but probably not anytime soon as he continues to rehab.
Cedric Peerman
Peerman, who suffered a broken forearm, may also go on I.R. and could be the player the Bengals choose to bring back later in the year. However, his injury and rehab should allow him to return sooner than halfway through the season, so it's possible the Bengals just keep him on the roster and roll with three healthy backs for the time being.
Tyler Eifert
Another key Bengal dealing with injury is Tyler Eifert. The star tight end is likely going to miss several games to start the regular season. He may not return until as late as Week 6. But because Eifert is on the 53-man roster and didn't stay on the PUP list, it seems like his return could come sooner rather than later.
Tyler Kroft
As for Tyler Kroft, Hobson indicates that the second-year tight end is on track to start Week 1 at New York. Kroft is recovering from a knee sprain that sidelined him for most training camp and all four preseason games. He has yet to return to practice.
Cedric Ogbuehi and Jake Fisher
Elsewhere, offensive lineman Cedric Ogbuehi and Jake Fisher continue to rehab from these injuries and remain 'questionable' for Week 1. Ogbuehi is dealing with a toe injury, while Fisher is working through an ankle injury. Both have missed much of the past month and haven't returned to practice yet.
Darqueze Dennard
Finally, Hobson says that Darqueze Dennard is expected to start Week 1 at slot cornerback. Dennard has missed the past month of action with a significant ankle sprain. He too has yet to return to practice, but like everyone else mentioned above, has been working on the rehab field recently.
It certainly appears like the Bengals are getting healthy just in time for the start of the 2016 regular season. As bad as camp and the preseason were for injuries, it looks like the Bengals should be close to full strength in the coming weeks.
(CNN) It's an embarrassing error for any political party to make, let alone a nationalist one. On Monday, a branch of Germany's far-right AfD (Alternatives for Germany) tweeted a picture of a mountain landscape with the headline "Our program for Germany" and a call to action: "Take your country back."
Just one problem -- the mountain is the Matterhorn and it's in Switzerland.
The tweet, sent from the official Twitter account of the party's Nuremberg branch, has since been deleted. But the image -- and the "take your country back" message -- has been used in other tweets from the same account.
AfD representatives were not immediately available for comment.
The AfD is hoping to enter the German parliament for the first time in the federal election at the end of September.
Read More
AT&T yesterday began offering “double the data for the same price” to new customers and existing customers who sign new contracts, apparently forgetting that its network is so congested that speeds must be throttled when people use too much data.
Like other carriers, AT&T slows the speeds of certain users when the network is congested. Such network management is a necessary evil that can benefit the majority of customers when used to ensure that everyone can connect to the network. But as Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler has argued, the carriers' selective enforcement of throttling shows that it can also be used to boost revenue by pushing subscribers onto pricier plans.
AT&T's throttling only applies to users with “legacy unlimited data plans,” the kinds of customers that AT&T wants to push onto limited plans with overage charges. Initially, the throttling was enforced once users passed 3GB or 5GB in a month regardless of whether the network was congested. In July, AT&T changed its policy so that throttling only hits those users at times and in places when the network is actually congested, according to an AT&T spokesperson. (UPDATE: It turns out LTE is still being throttled regardless of whether the network is congested. The change was only for 3G and HSPA.)
You can use the Internet Archive's WayBack Machine to see that, through June, AT&T throttled all unlimited subscribers whether its network was congested or not. The site, both then and now, encourages heavy data users to switch to a tiered or shared data plan. AT&T says that more than 80 percent of its postpaid smartphone subscribers are on limited plans.
AT&T's throttling hits “unlimited” customers even when they use fewer data than subscribers on limited plans. New AT&T customers who buy ”Mobile Share Value” plans can normally get 15GB to 50GB of data per month for two to 10 lines. But under the new promotion, similar to one launched by Sprint, AT&T is doubling that to 30GB to 100GB at the same price for new customers who sign up by the end of October. The doubled data remains on subscribers' accounts until they sign a new contract.
At the lowest price, this can work out to as little as 3GB per user when customers share 30GB across 10 lines, or 15GB per user for customers who share the same 30GB across two lines. At 100GB shared, each user gets anywhere from 10GB to 50GB depending on how many lines the data is spread across.
This isn't to say that the deal isn't a good one, relatively speaking. If you were planning to sign up with AT&T anyway, you might as well do it during a promotion that offers more data at the same price.
But AT&T's ability to give far more unthrottled data to new subscribers than it provides to its longest-standing customers, the ones who specifically pay for unlimited data, illustrates how arbitrary the limits are. (AT&T may throttle limited users on congested cell sites for all we know, but the company's official line is that only unlimited users are throttled.)
One commenter on a DSLReports story today did a good job summing up AT&T's congestion management policies:
You see, when you use data on a Grandfathered Unlimited Data Plan, that's called "congestion," so you're throttled at 5GB to EDGE-like speeds to "prevent" it. Note this "congestion" doesn't occur when you double a shared 15GB data plan to 30GB, or a 20GB plan to 40GB, or a 30GB plan to 60GB, or a 40GB plan to 80GB, or a 50GB plan to 100GB. It doesn't occur if you let both new and current customers keep this "doubled data" in perpetuity, or at least until they change their plan. No, "congestion" only happens with Unlimited Data Plans throttled at 5 GB. What a farce.
FCC scrutinizes all major carriers
Verizon Wireless announced in July that it would begin throttling unlimited data users with LTE devices, just as it already did with 3G users. In response, Wheeler demanded that Verizon provide a “rationale for treating customers differently based on the type of data plan to which they subscribe, rather than network architecture or technological factors.”
Verizon responded that the policy is necessary to give users on unlimited plans an “incentive to limit usage.” Customers who have limited plans and face overage charges if they go over the limits already have such incentives, carriers say.
Verizon also pointed out that its policy is similar to those implemented by other carriers, but Wheeler didn't buy that argument.
"'All the kids do it' was never something that worked for me when I was growing up," Wheeler said after an FCC meeting in August, Reuters reported.
Wheeler said he was looking into all the carriers' throttling practices but hasn't yet said if he will propose new rules on data throttling.
MIT E-Voting Project To Analyze Experience Of Voters in Election
As the election approaches, a question lingers with increasing urgency on the minds of concerned citizens: to e-vote or not to e-vote?
The question, of course, cannot be defined so simplistically, as electronic voting refers to several types of voting that include electronic means of both casting and counting the vote. These systems both present pluses and minuses, and have been the focus of a public backlash amid growing security problems.
Following the Florida fiasco of 2000, the nation's recent rush to embrace e-voting has been hampered by controversy over issues of security, reliability, privacy, and cost.
The release earlier this month of a short video by a group of scientists at the University of California Santa Barbara showing how a single person can hack an election on a Sequoia touch-screen voting system undetectably is the latest in a series of such demonstrations over the past two years. The hack demonstration also shows how the so-called “security-seals” placed on such machines after they have been programmed for an election can be easily defeated without detection.
These enormous flaws reinforce the insecurities surrounding the use of electronic voting technology and the need for better technology and legislation.
Amid growing evidence of security flaws and pressure to stop the use of similar systems in American elections, researchers at the Caltech-MIT Voting Technology Project are hard at work analyzing the security and impact of e-voting systems.
The Caltech-MIT Project
“It's a general program that studies a lot of issues, including e-voting. One of the issues we are working on is trying to figure out ways that voters can make sure their vote has been counted, without receiving a paper receipt,” said Charles H. Stewart III, head of MIT's political science department and a member of the VTP faculty. “You don't want to carry a piece of paper around,” he said in a telephone interview last week.
Established by the California Institute of Technology President David Baltimore and MIT President Charles M. Vest in December 2000 to respond to the need for academic guidance in the wake of the 2000 U.S. Presidential Election, the Caltech-MIT VTP seeks to improve voting in the United States through the use of the latest technologies. Its tasks include evaluating the reliability and administrative practices of existing voting systems, establishing guidelines for their reliability and performance, and proposing standards for the design of new voting technologies.
Judging by the titles of the posts on the initiative's blog, they still have a lot of work to do. “Plan for the worst,” the Election Assistance Commission urges in its Election Management Guidelines, and “Voter Registration Problems Reported in Michigan,” the blog quotes the Detroit Free Press as saying.
With regards to the upcoming election, MIT is trying to collect as much data as possible through two data-related projects of the Caltech-MIT initiative.
The first one is simply collecting the Election Day returns from the states, so that one can see the difference electronic voting machines made, Stewart said. “All states report information about the machines they use and the problems they encountered.”
The other big data project is the development of the first large-scale public opinion poll of American voters to ask them about their experience with voting on Election Day. “We will sample over 10,000 voters, drawing samples in each state of the country. So, we will be able to gauge not only how well the election went nationally, we will also be able to tell whether particular states offered special problems, or went especially well,” Stewart said.
“Another big project we are working on is trying to understand empirically all the things that are related to voting machines,” Stewart said.
“One thing we are trying to look at is voting machines not recording the votes people have made. As what happened in Florida in 2004 when the votes had to be re-counted, some machines are more prone to break down, more prone to confuse voters. That's what we study,” he said. “It's an issue we call ‘lost ballots'.”
Auditing the election — a tricky task
As for whether MIT will try to audit this election, the MIT project is not an auditing project per se, Stewart said. “Some of us on the Caltech-MIT Project will be doing analyses after the election to try and understand the role that voting technologies played in the results of the election, which will have some characteristics of an audit,” he said.
“It's a term that's being thrown around a lot,” he added. “What my colleagues are going to do is research nationwide to see if the machines that are set up nationwide are prone to break down. That's a more statistical task,” he added.
Auditing can at times be theoretical, and at times applied, Stewart said. “The amount of data that is produced is enormous.” Thus, he continued, “it's physically impossible for a human being to take a look at every single paper ballot,” which is what people usually refer to when they talk about “auditing ballots.”
Ronald L. Rivest, professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and a member of the VTP faculty, is doing research on auditing, elections and cryptography — a technology some voting systems use to ensure that votes were cast correctly, detect possible fraud or malfunction, and provide a means to audit the original machine.
Rivest, who is also a member of the technical advisory board of the Election Commission, which regulates voting, is currently working on a system that sample precincts.
In an interview, he stressed that MIT is not doing research on paperless voting systems.
“My own research does not involve paperless voting systems, although paper can be used in a variety of ways to improve a voting system. A purely electronic voting system would typically not be ‘software independent,' and so you would have to trust that the software is correct and unmodified in order to have confidence that the election result is correct,” he said.
“By and large, paperless voting systems would be ‘software dependent,' so that an undetected error or change in the software could cause an undetectable change in the election outcome. This would be very undesirable,” he said.
No MIT voting machines
As to whether MIT will one day make its own voting machines, Rivest said, “we do research on voting systems, and may produce prototypes. We don't produce them for others to use, a vendor would do that.”
Stewart said MIT is not working on building electronic machines, but is studying the impact of electronic voting machines.
“That MIT might be working on its own machines is an idea that dates back to 2001,” Stewart said, “but we are less interested in making our own machines than in providing more technical information and fundamentals in science and engineering.”
As examples of MIT research closely tied to e-voting machines, he cited former Caltech-MIT VTP co-director Ted Selker's work on electronic interfaces, protocols for securing votes electronically, and on audio systems that could read back votes cast on electronic voting machines. One application of the latter is for blind and visually-impaired people to have a way of having their vote read back to them so they can ensure it has been recorded correctly.
Jonathan Goler '04, who designed and developed the Caltech-MIT VTP as a UROP, said in an interview earlier this month, “MIT will never produce its own e-voting machine. MIT will probably continue to release concepts for improving the electronic voting process, such as the Low Error Voting Interface and Secure Architecture for Voting Electronically.”
This is the first half of a two-part series on electronic voting. The second half will be published this Friday.
DALLAS -- It's safe to assume the statue that will one day stand outside the American Airlines Center will feature Dirk Nowitzki shooting a one-legged fadeaway.
It's Dirk's iconic pose, the one displayed on the freebie T-shirts and the commemorative cups being sold during this Dallas Mavericks homestand to celebrate the living legend's entrance into the exclusive 30,000-point club. It's a shot imitated on playgrounds around the world and duplicated by several fellow NBA superstars.
"The Dirk," is the label the one-legger gets from LeBron James, the ultimate sign of respect from the guy who's got next in the 30K club.
But Nowitzki was well on his way to joining Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Karl Malone, Kobe Bryant, Michael Jordan and Wilt Chamberlain as the only men in NBA history to hit the 30,000-point milestone before the one-legged fade became a featured attraction in his arsenal.
The unconventional shooting and balance drills with longtime mentor Holger Geschwindner probably helped the flamingo-esque fadeaway feel natural to Nowitzki, but it's not a shot they worked on in that dimly lit gym in Germany during Dirk's teen years. He was an All-Star regular by the time it became part of his repertoire.
That's a testament to just how much Nowitzki's game has evolved over his 19 years in the NBA. The following is a look at that evolution through the lens of the three head coaches Nowitzki has had with the Mavericks:
Nelson discovers a hidden gem
With Dirk Nowitzki and Steve Nash, Don Nelson had one of the NBA's most-feared pick-and-pop duos. Glenn James/NBAE via Getty Images
Dirk under Don Nelson (1998-2005) GAMES POINTS FGM FGA FG% 3PM 3PA 3P% FTM FTA FT% 506 10,726 3,679 7,965 46.2 741 1,988 37.3 2,627 3,075 85.4 ESPN Stats and Information
Donnie Nelson told his dad that he had to go see this German kid, a 7-footer with a shooting guard's game, who happened to be practicing at a Dallas YMCA with the world team in preparation for the 1998 Nike Hoop Summit. Don Nelson, a mismatch-creating mastermind who inherited a miserable roster as the Mavericks' coach and general manager, spent the next week with his mouth wide open, stunned at what he was watching.
"He was the most talented [teenager] that I'd ever seen besides being about 7-foot-1," Nellie says after spending a recent day on a golf course near his home in Hawaii. "The guy was incredible, so I fell in love with him and figured if he ever played a game in [the Hoop Summit] I'd never be able to draft him. He got MVP. He had like 14 rebounds, 30-something points, amazing, and enough people still didn't see him.
"We were lucky we got him."
Nowitzki, whom the Mavs acquired after trading down with Milwaukee for the No. 9 pick that summer, feels just as fortunate to have landed in the care of a coach who was such an open-minded offensive genius.
A lot of coaches at the time would have cringed at the thought of a 7-footer launching from long range. Not Nellie, who saw Nowitzki's potential to revolutionize the power forward position and gave him the green light, figuring other 4s would be like fish out of water trying to guard such a skilled shooter on the perimeter.
"Most coaches didn't want their big guys out there shooting 3s. They wanted them inside, where they usually were more effective, but Dirk was just such an exception," Nellie says. "He was a way better outside player than he was inside. He had to learn to post up and score inside as well once he got to the pros. But it was just clear to me that the guy was going to be open all the time and be a terrific player if 4s were going to guard him.
"That's the best thing he did when he was young, was shot it, so any time he was open, we wanted him to take the shot."
It certainly wasn't always smooth sailing for Nowitzki, who Nellie probably didn't do any favors with his preseason prediction that the floppy-haired foreigner would win Rookie of the Year. After an abbreviated training camp on the heels of a lockout, Nowitzki struggled as a 20-year-old who wasn't physically or mentally prepared for the NBA grind after making the jump from a lower-division team in Germany.
Nowitzki made huge strides in his second season, more than doubling his scoring average to 17.5 points per game -- aided greatly by point guard Steve Nash's progress as a playmaker. They morphed into one of the NBA's premier pick-and-pop duos -- "a different version of Stockton and Malone," says Donnie Nelson, an assistant coach under his dad before transitioning into the front office.
"Nellie embraced the things that [Nowitzki] could do and worked on the weaknesses," Donnie Nelson says. "Maybe some other coaches would not have put up with his defensive learning curve and would have probably sat him on the bench for his first two or three years. You had a creative coach that saw his potential and certainly understood that he was the future of this basketball team and put him in position to fail in order to succeed."
In Nowitzki's third season, he averaged 21.8 points and the Mavs started a streak of 11 consecutive 50-win campaigns. He made his first of 13 All-Star appearances the following year, putting up 23.4 points per game as a 23-year-old.
Critics found plenty of fodder with Nowitzki's defensive deficiencies during the Nellie days, but his effectiveness as a scorer hushed talk that a 7-footer should make his living down low.
"I think Nellie started the whole thing," Nowitzki says. "He played me at the 4 when honestly my body wasn't quite ready for all the big 4s, but he was a big mismatch guy. He found a way to use me there as a 3-point shooter, and he just gave me all the confidence in the world.
"I don't think there were a lot of coaches back then in the '90s who would let a 7-foot guy dribble the ball up and shoot. For me, he was perfect at the beginning. He was perfect for me to kind of get going and get my feet wet and let me play my game."
'The Little General' takes Dirk to a new level
Avery Johnson and Dirk Nowitzki led the Dallas Mavericks to their first NBA Finals, a six-game defeat to the Miami Heat. AP Photo/Darron Cummings
Dirk under Avery Johnson (2005-08) GAMES POINTS FGM FGA FG% 3PM 3PA 3P% FTM FTA FT% 252 6,264 2,175 4,457 48.8 278 698 39.8 1,636 1,827 89.5 ESPN Stats and Information
It wasn't necessarily a warm, fuzzy coach-player relationship with former teammate Avery Johnson. "The Little General" didn't share the care-free approach of Nellie. Johnson was demanding of Nowitzki, harping on him about defense and pushing him to rely less on that sweet jump shot on the offensive end.
"Avery came in with a little bit more conventional approach," Donnie Nelson says. "Whereas Nellie allowed Dirk offensive freedom to pick-and-pop and shoot 3s and wreak havoc with Nash out there, we didn't have the advantage of a Steve Nash. So Dirk had to learn how to be a more prototypical low-post threat.
"I think Avery demanded a toughness. ... Avery, let's say, force fed him a little bit more developing on the low post, the low block like Tim Duncan did back in the day. I think there was a window there that some of the best basketball that Dirk ever played was kind of the in-between. Nellie gave him the freedom for him to become the player he is today. Avery kind of put the vice grip on him."
Nudging Nowitzki into the low post got a lot of attention, due to the stark contrast of the big German gunning from deep during the Nellie days. But Johnson deserves credit for helping to develop Nowitzki's lethal midrange isolation game, which was necessary without Nash -- the All-Star guard joined the Phoenix Suns after the 2003-04 season -- to create good looks for him.
"When I got traded to the Mavs from Denver, I saw a guy that loved, loved, loved, loved to play one-on-one," Johnson says from the head coach's office at the University of Alabama. "In Nellie's system, it was basically come down and just get him the ball immediately. I thought maybe if I could just run some misdirection, keep the defense off balance a little bit, we could get the same things accomplished after four or five passes and get him on the move a little bit more. ...
"I wouldn't say we wanted to just play isoball. I think it was more of trying to get the defense to move so that when we got Dirk in an iso situation he had proper spacing to use all of his God-given talent."
Nowitzki's highest-scoring season (26.6 points per game) came in 2005-06, Johnson's first full campaign as a head coach, when the Mavs made their first trip to the Finals. Nowitzki won the MVP the following season, when the Mavs set a franchise record with 67 wins.
The relationship between Johnson and Nowitzki soured soon thereafter for a variety of reasons, including Johnson butting heads with Geschwindner. Johnson, fired the day after Dallas was dismissed in the first round of the 2008 playoffs having the best winning percentage by a head coach in NBA history at the time, goes out of his way now to lavish praise on Geschwindner for his work preparing Dirk for greatness.
And years later, Nowitzki appreciates Johnson's hard-nosed approach with him.
"Avery took my game to another level," Nowitzki says. "He was very hard on me. He was very hard on me but pushed me to do other things. What I regret a little bit is that I went away a little bit from my 3 ball all those years, but it also helped me to be better on my post-ups, to be better when the opposing team switched. We put in that free throw line iso -- that really started with Avery -- and just developed that game more and more to be able to move down there, shoot over the little guys, get to the basket, get fouled more. His thing was not shooting that many jumpers. Get to the foul line some and just play winning basketball.
"I think as hard as he was, he forced me to be an all-around player."
With Carlisle's help, 'The Dirk' is born
Mavs coach Rick Carlisle has witnessed the evolution of Dirk Nowitzki: "It is really as diverse an arsenal as anybody in the history of this game has had." AP Photo/Markus Schreiber
Dirk under Rick Carlisle (2008-pres.) GAMES POINTS FGM FGA FG% 3PM 3PA 3P% FTM FTA FT% 619 13,015 4,733 9,959 47.5 736 1,918 38.4 2,813 3,146 89.4 ESPN Stats and Information
Even before he was hired as the Mavs' head coach, Rick Carlisle got the face of the franchise on his feet in the middle of owner Mark Cuban's living room.
It was the first time the player and coach really talked, and Carlisle immediately started demonstrating some of the tricks his former Boston Celtics teammate Larry Bird used to create space for his shot.
Once Carlisle got the gig, he quickly booked a trip to Germany, a DVD featuring Bird highlights in hand.
"Conceptually, there was something that Bird did that I thought would be really good for Dirk," Carlisle says in his office after a recent shootaround. "That was to have a spot on the floor where when he got the ball, he had one or two moves that would be unstoppable. That would be kind of the long post area on the right side of the floor.
"What I wanted Dirk and Holger to do was work on that concept, and he came back after the summer and that's really when the one-legged fade kind of got established."
Donnie Nelson calls Carlisle "the perfect balance between Dirk's two former coaches." Carlisle had Nellie's kind of offensive creativity and Johnson's discipline and structure.
Carlisle also borrowed a lot from what worked for Dirk under the previous coaches. Carlisle admits he made a mistake by getting away from calling free throw iso plays for Nowitzki early in their first season together, but you'll find a bunch of those plays among the highlights of the Mavs' 2011 title run. They were bread-and-butter sets until Father Time recently robbed Nowitzki of his ability to beat defenders off the dribble. With Jason Kidd running point, Carlisle often went long stretches without calling plays at all in his flow offense, which featured plenty of Nellie-style pick-and-pops for Nowitzki.
"I always think that Rick kind of combined all of it," says Nowitzki, who has transitioned to being primarily a floor-spacing center at the age of 38 this season. "He kept in the isos, the post-ups, the switches to smaller guys but also freed me up for 3s again, for shots. He never really complained about any shots. Obviously, every once in a while when I'd shoot a bad stepback, he'd say, 'I think you could have worked for a little better shot here.' But other than that, he gives me all the freedom in the world to use [all the] weapons -- the long balls, the post-ups, the penetration.
"Obviously, we'll always remember him being the coach to win it all with that crew."
Nowitzki will be remembered as one of the most prolific scorers in NBA history, a 7-footer who revolutionized the game with his perimeter shooting and kept adding to his skill set over the course of his career.
The 10,587 buckets of Dirk Nowitzki
Stats courtesy StatMuse
"I think the thing that will be lost a little bit in Dirk's greatness is how great a one-on-one player he is," Carlisle says. "This is a bold statement, but in my mind, he's one of the top eight or 10 one-on-one players of all-time. You get him the ball and he will manufacture a shot, and he will score the majority of the time. His free throw line isolation game has become legendary. It's virtually impossible to stop and has been for the better part of two decades.
"The ways that he gets the ball in the basket -- drives, stepbacks, midrange, long 2s, 3s, fake 3s and pull-ups -- it is really as diverse an arsenal as anybody in the history of this game has had."
The school's lead custodian called police about 10:45 p.m. Tuesday after he heard a rustles papers behind the closed doors of an office at the school, on Westmoreland Road in west Oak Cliff.
Inside officers found Telvin Deshun Williams, 17, lying on the floor, with an open box of granola bars with the wrappers on the ground next to the desk. He also had candy and other snacks in his possession, police records show.
After reviewing video footage from the school, police determined that Williams entered the building by breaking the glass of an exterior door. The footage shows him sneaking around the hallways, changing clothes, and stealing the custodian's backpack, which could not be found in the school, police said.
The custodian's backpack contained his lunch, earbud headphones and other personal belongings.
Williams was booked into Dallas County Jail early Wednesday and faces a burglary charge, a state jail felony punishable by six months to two years in jail and/or a fine of up to $10,000.
He remains in the Dallas County Jail in lieu of $1,500 bail.
(CNN) A stunning report this week has rocked the athletics world with detailed allegations of a state-sponsored doping program in Russia.
Russia's anti-doping official initially denounced the report as "unprofessional, illogical and declarative," but some of its evidence has already been passed on to the international crime-fighting organization Interpol for further investigation. And on Tuesday, WADA said it has suspended the Moscow-based laboratory that is supposed to analyze the urine and blood samples of Russia's athletes.
Speaking again Tuesday, the head of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency acknowledged there is a problem but insisted his country is moving forward to address it. Nikita Kamaev said the report -- which was especially critical of a lab that, he said, is independent from his agency -- provided clarity but no real news to his organization.
Following Monday's Russian #doping allegations, do you still have trust in track and field?
Here are just five of the most striking allegations contained in that report:
Secret police inside the anti-doping laboratory
Photos: Battling drug cheats Photos: Battling drug cheats The World Anti-Doping Agency's (WADA) new report is the latest twist to hit the Russian doping scandal, building on Professor Richard Mclaren's initial findings, published in July, which concluded doping was widespread among Russian athletes. Hide Caption 1 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats More than 1,000 Russian athletes across 30 sports -- including football -- benefited from state-sponsored doping, according to the latest report. Hide Caption 2 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats The doping program, across summer, winter and Paralympic sports, was in operation from 2011 to 2015, said Mr McLaren, who presented his latest findings at a news conference in London Friday. Hide Caption 3 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats WADA's initial report on alleged widespread drug use in international athletics concluded that senior figures including IAAF president Sebastian Coe (pictured) "could not have been unaware of the extent of doping." Hide Caption 4 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats Former WADA president Dick Pound chaired a press conference held in Munich on January 14, 2016 to present the 89-page report. It said "corruption was embedded" and "cannot be blamed on a small number of miscreants" within the IAAF. Hide Caption 5 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats A report by the IAAF's ethics committee claims a powerful trio blackmailed Russian distance runner Lilya Shobukhova into paying them off to keep results of her positive drug tests secret. Hide Caption 6 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats Russia's former athletics president Valentin Balakhnichev, its ex-chief coach for long-distance athletes Alexei Melnikov and former IAAF consultant Papa Massata Diack have all been banned for life. The report said "far from supporting the anti-doping regime, they subverted it." The IAAF's former anti-doping director Gabriel Dollé has been given a five-year ban. Hide Caption 7 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats The report claims Balakhnichev, Melnikov and Papa Massata Diack "conspired together ... to conceal for more than three years anti-doping violations by an athlete at what appeared to be the highest pinnacle of her sport. All three compounded the vice of what they did by conspiring to extort what were in substance bribes from Shobukhova by acts of blackmail." Hide Caption 8 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats Pound produced an independent report in November 2015 which detailed systemic doping in Russia along with an establishment effort to cover it up. He recommended Russia be banned from athletic competition, which it duly was by the IAAF. Hide Caption 9 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats The findings uncovered a "deeply-rooted culture of cheating at all levels" within Russian athletics. Asked if it amounted to state-sponsored doping, Pound told reporters: "In the sense of consenting to it, there's no other conclusion." Hide Caption 10 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats The report suggested the London 2012 Olympics -- in which Russia won 24 gold medals and finished fourth -- was "in a sense, sabotaged by the admission of athletes who should have not been competing." Hide Caption 11 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats Pound's report detailed "corruption and bribery practices at the highest levels of international athletics," evidence of which has been given to international crime-fighting organization Interpol for further investigation. Hide Caption 12 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats Senegal's Lamine Diack, former president of the IAAF, is being investigated by French police over claims he accepted bribes to defer sanctions against drug cheats from Russia. French prosecutors claim he took "more than €1 million ($1M)" for his silence. Diack has yet to comment. Hide Caption 13 of 14 Photos: Battling drug cheats Coe, a former Olympic gold medalist, has come under fire for his praise for predecessor Diack, whom he called the sport's "spiritual leader" when he took over the role in August 2015. He told CNN he would "do anything to fix our sport." Hide Caption 14 of 14
Highlighting the extent of Russian state involvement in the efforts to dodge anti-doping rules alleged by the report, the authors describe cases where agents of the FSB, the successor to the Soviet-era KGB, visited and even posed as staff at a key laboratory.
FSB agents regularly visited the Moscow Anti-Doping Laboratory, and staff members suspected their phones were tapped and parts of the facility were bugged, according to the report.
JUST WATCHED Doping crisis explained in 100 seconds Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Doping crisis explained in 100 seconds 01:43
In Sochi, the resort where Russia held the Winter Olympics last year, one lab worker cited by the authors reported a high-degree of intrusion. "We had some guys pretending to be engineers in the lab but actually they were from the federal security service," the staff member said.
Employees' fears of surveillance by authorities "affect the impartiality, judgment and integrity of the laboratory," the report said.
Hundreds of samples destroyed before key inspection
JUST WATCHED Russia reacts to doping charges against its athletes Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Russia reacts to doping charges against its athletes 01:59
The report paints a disturbing portrait of the Moscow laboratory, which it suggests "has been involved in a widespread cover-up of positive doping tests."
In one of the most spectacular examples, it details the "intentional and malicious destruction" of 1,417 test samples at the lab that a WADA team had specifically requested be kept. The director of the lab, Grigory Rodchenkov, ordered that the samples be thrown out just days before the WADA team arrived for an inspection in December, according to the report.
He apparently told the team that he decided to "do some clean up to prepare for WADA's visit." He later said he misunderstood the instructions he received from WADA about the samples, a claim the report's authors said they don't find credible.
Bribes and extortion
The report is full of allegations of systematic bribery by Russian athletes and coaches to ensure their doping practices stay under the radar.
It says interviews revealed that officers from the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA) regularly "accept money placed on the table at the time of taking the doping control test." During the test, "it is frequently the case that the athlete is unaccompanied to the location where the sample is provided and therefore, there is no observation of the urine stream from the athlete," the report states.
It also describes efforts by senior officials in the All-Russia Athletic Federation (ARAF) to use a list of athletes under review by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) for doping violations to extract cash payments from the athletes to cover up the cases. One elite world marathon runner paid her coach and the medical director of ARAF sums of money every year, part of which was "to protect her from receiving a positive drug result from her doping activities," the report says.
JUST WATCHED The evolution of doping in sport Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The evolution of doping in sport 02:19
Intimidation of doping testers
Doping control officers who don't want to take part in the corrupt culture surrounding the testing of athletes in Russia have to go to extreme lengths to avoid it, according to the report.
One officer recounts climbing out of a hotel window during the night to avoid the police officers who were waiting outside to escort the samples to the Moscow lab. The officer says the samples were smuggled out of Russia through a third-party and four of them tested positive for doping in a Swiss lab. "My mother received threatening calls" as a result, the officer says.
The report also details the "intimidation, provocation and disruptive techniques from athletes' support personnel, including coaches" that a team of doping control officers working on behalf of the IAAF faced in the Russian city of Saransk in June.
Use of false identities to dodge tests
Monitoring of top athletes relies on authorities like WADA and the International Olympic Committee being kept informed of the athletes' whereabouts outside of competitions so officials can conduct unannounced tests. But the report lists a range of measures Russian athletes apparently used to get around those measures.
"In a training camp in Portugal, our athletes simply lived under false names," said Yuliya Stepanova, a Russian 800-meter runner who was a whistleblower in the report. "They have taken banned substances, they undertook a course of doping, and to ensure that foreign control officers did not come and test them, they provided false names."
In another case, a team official denied to doping control officers that the athletes they were looking for were present at a hotel near Sochi, even though the hotel receptionist had already confirmed that all the athletes were registered there.
Current Grants by Cancer Type
Current as of August 1, 2018
Cancer Type Number of Grants** Funded Amount ($) Specific Amount ($) Brain Cancer 49 27,936,500
20,709,100
Breast Cancer 155
89,816,750
60,161,290
Cervical Cancer 27 13,595,878
6,107,949 Colon and Rectal Cancer 87 54,409,250
30,919,320 Head and Neck Cancer 24 15,866,878
9,521,964 Kidney Cancer 16 7,054,869
3,480,797 Leukemia/Leukaemia 64 34,242,000
22,436,875 Liver Cancer 21 11,249,500
8,874,090 Lung Cancer 88 50,787,119
29,358,504 Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma 30 13,874,000
5,943,635 Ovarian Cancer 41 19,564,500
9,520,845 Pancreatic Cancer 42 22,420,000
14,467,525 Prostate Cancer 54 39,786,502
27,933,812 Skin Cancer 63 35,297,869
19,765,181 Thyroid Cancer 4 2,084,500
1,060,100 Other Cancer Types 204 115,422,000
44,370,390 Applies to all cancers ≠ 264 116,493,619
95,520,872
Grand Total 746 410,152,249
Areas of
Cancer Research Number of Grants* Funded Amount ($) Childhood Cancer 49 25,399,500
Disparities 61 49,327,130
Environmental Factors 41 26,390,500
≠ Applies to all cancers: The grant projects included here have relevance to cancer in general but have not been designated to any specific cancer type.
** Total number of grants does not equal the sum of the numbers shown in the number of grants column. In many cases, a grant project may have a focus that is linked to more than one type of cancer because of similarities between cancers. Thus, an individual grant project may be listed in more than one cancer type.
Glossary
Funded Amount - The total value of funding that was awarded to a single, or a group of, research or training grants for a specific type of cancer (or area of research) and includes funding for some grant projects that may be minimally related to that type of cancer (or area of research).
Specific Amount - The portion of the total funding that was awarded to a single research project for a specific type of cancer. The specific amount is calculated by multiplying the total funded amount by the percent relevance for the type of cancer in question.
For example, a project with a funded amount of $120,000 that's been coded with 50% relevance to the cancer type "lung" has specific funding of $60,000 (120,000 x 0.50) for "lung."
Total Specific Amount for a Particular Type of Cancer - The total specific funding for a particular type of cancer in the entire research and training program is the sum of the specific funding for each type of cancer within all research and training grant projects.
SAN FRANCISCO, California — Entrepreneurs in the Philippines are exploring the potential of Bitcoin in improving payments structures. Perhaps the most well known startup is Coins.ph, a Bitcoin exchange service and merchant processor that has inked two deals with major local merchants.
CEO Ron Hose runs Coins.ph. Hose is a graduate of Cornell, founding partner at Innovation Endeavors, who previously co-founded Tokbox, a video communications services, which was acquired by Telefónica Digital in 2012.
ADVERTISEMENT
This Q&A with Hose of Philippine World Startup Report, Innovation Endeavors, SendMoney.ph and Coins.ph was conducted by the Science Technology Advisory Council (STAC) Silicon Valley, which gave INQUIRER.net permission to republish.
What inspired you to create SendMoney.ph?
We saw Overseas Foreign Workers paying anywhere from 5 percent to 25 percent to send money home with companies like Western Union and Moneygram. When their relative in the Philippines loses $10 on a $100 transactions, that's equivalent to 2-3 days of work. We thought, with Bitcoin we can do it cheaper. We can solve a real pain. Incidentally, we already had customers that were using our Bitcoin exchange informally to remit money by selling Bitcoin, so we knew there was demand.
Do you plan to grow SendMoney.ph primarily through targeting and marketing toward the senders (OFWs abroad who would send the remittances through SendMoney.ph) or the recipients (local Filipinos who would ask their relatives to send them remittances through SendMoney.ph)?
Both parties win when a larger sum of the funds sent actually make it to the recipient. Filipinos–regardless of whether they're here, or working abroad–are extremely resourceful by nature, and they're always looking for better, cheaper, quicker ways to solve problems. SendMoney.ph offers exactly that for remittances.
Even if current remittance services may be more expensive, overseas foreign workers may simply continue to use them out of fear of the unknown (i.e. cryptocurrency). How do you plan on educating them to what Bitcoin (and in extension, SendMoney.ph) is, so that they feel comfortable sending money through the platform?
This is a trust driven business–our growth has been primarily word-of-mouth so far. A lot of our customers try with a small amount first, and once they've had a positive experience, they tend to use it regularly and recommend the service to friends. We're very focused on providing fast, responsive service and making sure the recipient receives their funds where they need it, and on time.
What was the biggest technical challenge in developing SendMoney.ph, and how did you and your team overcome it?
We've had five months of experience converting Bitcoin into pesos and delivering it throughout the Philippines via our exchange, coins.ph–through that experience, we've built out the technology and operational know-how to consistently deliver money on time through 22 different payout options: door-to-door, pickup at 5000+ retail locations, mobile cash and bank deposits.
ADVERTISEMENT
With SendMoney.ph, we primarily focus on the user experience– we wanted to make the process as simple as possible–with two clicks, the remitter can fund the transaction with Bitcoin, and we deliver the recipient with cash, next business day.
SendMoney.ph definitely has a social value in that it would save OFWs money that would otherwise be spent on more expensive fees. To what extent do you plan on promoting SendMoney.ph based on the social good that it provides individual Filipinos/the country as a whole?
Our longterm mission at coins.ph is to improve financial inclusion in emerging markets. We're using Bitcoin as a disruptive technology that reduces the costs of delivering financial services to end consumer. A good example of that is the way Skype disrupted the long-distance calling market a decade ago by using voip/Internet to lower the cost of calling relatives. We think that Bitcoin will have the same “Skype effect” on the remittances market.
Our company is built around the goal of improving lives through Bitcoin technology, and all of the products we develop at coins.ph stem from this same main goal.
What is the most common objection you have received (or anticipate receiving) from local Filipinos or overseas foreign workers to the use of SendMoney.ph, and how do you overcome it?
Bitcoin is very early technology, and it's going to take time for it to gain trust and mainstream adoption. We know we are mostly working with early adopters, but the pain point is real, and so there is a lot of motivation for people to experiment. We're mostly focused on providing excellent service and saving money for our customers–we're building a long-term relationship with our customers that is built on trust.
What are your short and long-term goals for SendMoney.ph? What is your ultimate vision for it?
With digital currency, we see a world where sending money is a low, fixed fee transaction, regardless of where it's being sent from. In the Philippines alone, we can bring back into the economy an estimated US$2 billion that is lost in remittance fees every year. We get there by providing excellent service, fast delivery and low fees.
Copyright © 2014 Science Technology Advisory Council (STAC) Silicon Valley, All rights reserved.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Social theorist Roberto Unger talks with Jo Fidgen about why he thinks his fellow left-of-centre progressives lack imagination. Recorded in front of an audience at the LSE.
Renowned social theorist Roberto Unger believes that left-of-centre progressives - his own political side - lack the imagination required to tackle the fundamental problems of society. In the run-up to the US presidential elections of 2012, he declared that his former student Barack Obama "must be defeated". Professor Unger argued that President Obama had failed in his first term in office to advance the progressive cause. There was, Unger maintained, effectively no difference between the Democrat and Republican political programmes.
In front of an audience at the London School of Economics and Political Science, Roberto Unger discusses with presenter Jo Fidgen the reasons for his critical appraisal of the progressive left in the United States and Europe. He sets out what he believes its alternative agenda should be and gives his verdict on another of his former students: Ed Miliband.
Roberto Mangabeira Unger is the Roscoe Pound professor at Harvard Law School. He served as a minister in the Brazilian government of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva from 2007-2009. His books include: "The Left Alternative"; "Democracy Realised"; and "The Self Awakened". His new book, published next year, will address a new theme: "The Religion of the Future".
#LSEProgressive
Producer: Simon Coates.
News in Science
Dolphin fish-catching trick spreading
Catchy behaviour Dolphins in one western Australian population have been observed holding a large conch shell in their beaks and using it to shake a fish into their mouths - and the behaviour may be spreading.
Researchers from Murdoch University in Perth were not quite sure what they were seeing when they first photographed the activity, in 2007, in which dolphins would shake conch shells at the surface of the ocean.
"It's a fleeting glimpse, you look at it and think, that's kind of weird," says Simon Allen, a researcher at the university's Cetacean Research Unit.
"Maybe they're playing, maybe they're socialising, maybe males are presenting a gift to a female or something like that, maybe the animals are actually eating the animal inside."
But researchers were more intrigued when they studied the photos and found the back of a fish hanging out of the shell, realising that the shaking drained the water out of the shells and caused the fish that was sheltering inside to fall into the dolphins' mouths.
A search through records for dolphins in the eastern part of Shark Bay, a population that has been studied for nearly 30 years, found roughly half a dozen sightings of similar behaviour over some two decades.
Then researchers saw it at least seven times during the four-month research period starting this May, says Allen.
"There's a possibility here, and it's speculation at this stage, that this sort of change from seeing it six or seven times in 21 years to seeing it six or seven times in three months gives us that tantalising possibility that it might be spreading before our very eyes," he says.
"It's too early to say definitively yet, but we'll be watching very closely over the next couple of field seasons."
The Shark Bay dolphin population is already unusual for having developed two foraging techniques, one of which involves the dolphin briefly beaching itself to grab fish after driving them up onto the shore.
The other is 'sponging', in which the dolphins break off a conical bit of sponge and fit it over their heads like a cap, shielding them as they forage for food on the sea floor.
Sharing the behaviour
But both of these spread 'vertically', mainly through the female dolphin population, from mother to daughter. The intriguing thing about this new behaviour with the conch shells is that it might be spreading 'horizontally', says Allen.
"If it spreads horizontally, then we would expect to see it more often and we'd expect to see it between 'friends'," he added, noting that dolphins are known for having preferences in terms of companions and whom they spend time with.
"Most of the sightings from this year are in the same habitat where we first saw it in 2007, and a couple of the individuals this year are known to associate with the ones that we saw doing it a year or two ago."
The next step would be not only to observe the behaviour again in another season but also to try and gather evidence of deliberate actions on the part of the dolphins.
"If we could put some shells in a row or put them facing down or something like that and then come back the next day, if we don't actually see them do it but find evidence that they've turned the shell over or make it into an appealing refuge for a fish, then that implies significant forward planning on the dolphins' parts," says Allen.
"The nice idea is that there is this intriguing possibility that they might manipulate the object beforehand. Then that might change using the shell as just a convenient object into actual tool use."
It was a love story between an affluent Canadian woman and an Indian rickshaw driver. They married secretly, and fearing violence from her family, fled to India. But in a village in the Punjab, 24-year-old Jaswinder ("Jassi") Kaur Sidhu, of Maple Ridge, B.C., and her husband, Sukhwinder Singh Sidhu, travelling by motor scooter, were stopped by several men. She had her throat slit, and he was severely beaten.
On Friday, the Supreme Court of Canada upheld the extradition of the woman's mother and maternal uncle to face conspiracy to commit murder charges in India – 17 years after the alleged "honour killing." (India requested the extradition in 2011.) An appeal court had ruled that the risk of mistreatment in Indian jails was too high, and that the extradition of Ms. Sidhu's mother, Malkit Kaur Sidhu, and uncle, Surjit Badesha, both senior citizens with health problems, would violate their right to security of the person protected by the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. It was a decision that the Canadian government argued put at risk all extraditions to India, and indeed to any country whose jails have been criticized by human-rights advocates.
But the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that the Canadian government had acted responsibly in seeking assurances from India that the B.C. pair, both Canadian citizens from India, would not be tortured or mistreated.
Story continues below advertisement
Sheema Khan: Let's work together to prevent crimes of 'honour'
The court said that the federal government, not the courts, has the expertise to make the decision to extradite, and as long as the decision is a reasonable one, the courts should not substitute their own views.
"The inquiry for the reviewing court is not whether there is no possibility of torture or mistreatment, but whether it was reasonable for the Minister to conclude that there was no substantial risk of torture or mistreatment," Justice Michael Moldaver wrote for the court.
Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould told reporters that she had not read the ruling in detail yet, but "we, and I take great care in upholding our international extradition treaties and ensuring that decisions are consistent with Canadian values, consistent with the treaty and ensuring that any international assurances are pursued and reviewed in great detail."
University of Ottawa law professor Amir Attaran, who specializes in international law, called the ruling "gravely mistaken and naive," adding, "You cannot, you should not, apply a standard of reasonableness to the question of whether an assurance given by a foreign country is an adequate bulwark against torture."
In an interview, he said government should have to convince the courts on a much higher standard – "a standard of correctness" – that the assurance it receives are credible.
Under an international convention ratified by Canada, extraditing or deporting an individual to face torture is forbidden.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Justice Ian Donald, writing for a majority of the B.C. Court of Appeal, had said that Indian assurances were empty. He scoffed at that country's promise of permitting Canadian consular access, saying torturers are adept at concealing what they do. He said that Canada had two options: It could seek more meaningful assurances, or could bring the pair to trial in this country.
But the Supreme Court said the justice minister at the time, Peter MacKay, had reason to believe India's promises: There was no evidence of a history of India violating its assurances to extradition treaty partners such as Canada; India wishes to maintain its extradition relationship with Canada and other partners; and Mr. Badesha and Ms. Sidhu had no religious or political affiliations that would make them particular targets.
The court attempted to occupy a middle ground, however, saying that Canada must not extradite where a substantial risk of torture or mistreatment exists, and that "general evidence" from non-government groups or others is enough to demonstrate that risk. The Canadian government had insisted that only evidence related to the actual risks facing the individuals involved would be sufficient.
"That is almost impossible given that evidence of human rights abuses is very difficult to obtain and is necessarily private and hidden from the public," Ranjan Agarwal, a Toronto lawyer representing an intervenor group, the South Asian Legal Clinic of Ontario, said in an e-mail. "The Court rightly rejected this view, and held that general evidence could be relied upon."
John Norris, a Toronto lawyer who represented an intervenor group, the David Asper Centre for Constitutional Rights, said he is concerned at the court's deference to the Canadian government on extradition matters.
"It's always concerning when international relations can be permitted to take precedence over fundamental human rights, and the Minister is given a very wide latitude to make those determinations."
Story continues below advertisement
But, he said, the court also strongly affirmed the importance of carefully considering human rights in extradition cases. "You can see it as the glass is half-full or half-empty. I prefer to see it as half-full because the emphasis on human rights is an important part of the judgment."
Michael Klein, a Vancouver lawyer representing Mr. Badesha, declined to comment. Lawyers for Ms. Sidhu could not be reached.
Another Uber X driver charged with sexually assaulting customer
Before the slight young man got into the Uber X car he had requested, he was warned that the back seat was unkempt and broken.
Sit in the front, Adnan Nafasat allegedly coaxed his customer after picking him up in the Lake View neighborhood in the early morning hours of July 31.
Nafasat was hardly being a gentleman, Cook County prosecutors said.
The married father of three used the ruse of a dirty back seat so he could get the passenger close to him in order to sexually attack the man and choke him until he nearly blacked out, authorities said.
Nafasat, 46, is the second Uber X driver in the Chicago area within roughly two weeks to be charged with sexually assaulting a patron of the popular ride-hailing company.
Shortly before the New Year, Maxime Fohounhedo appeared at the Leighton Criminal Courthouse on charges of raping an inebriated customer in his Albany Park apartment on Nov. 16.
Nafasat, like Fohounhedo, was immediately removed as an Uber driver once the company learned authorities were investigating him, Uber spokeswoman Jennifer Mullin said.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this horrible incident. We immediately removed the driver from our platform upon learning of the allegations and have been assisting authorities with the investigation,” Mullin said in a statement on Wednesday.
Asked about the second attack by an Uber driver — and whether the city's rideshare ordinance needs to be tougher — a spokeswoman for Mayor Rahm Emanuel responded:
“Public safety is a primary concern and we do not and will not tolerate unsafe drivers for any service that operates in Chicago,” Elizabeth Langsdorf wrote in an emailed statement. “The city expects rideshare companies to be diligent in screening their drivers. Our regulatory plan, approved by the City Council, includes background checks, training and vehicle inspections that work to ensure public safety and protect both business and consumers.
“The city's background check standards for rideshare companies were developed to protect riders and we will not accept any operator being lax on their background check standards,” the statement continued. “We are working closely with all rideshare companies to ensure they are compliant with the safety requirements outlined in the ordinance and they are working with the city to meet compliance.”
During the car ride last summer, Nafasat touched his 21-year-old passenger's groin and put his tongue and fingers in his mouth, Assistant State's Attorney Jennifer Cooper said.
The man, who had asked to be picked up near the 700 block of West Cornelia Avenue, repeatedly asked to be taken home.
But Nafasat told the man that he was not going home and that nobody knew where he was, Cooper said.
When the car was stopped in traffic, Nafasat — who is 5 feet 10 and 240 pounds — started choking the victim, who is 5 feet 8 and 110 pounds, Cooper said.
The man, who almost became unconscious, tried to get out of Nafasat's car, but Nafasat was driving too fast and continued driving south into a neighborhood the victim didn't recognize, Cooper said.
Eventually, Nafasat curbed his car, unzipped his pants and allegedly tried to force the younger man's head onto his penis.
The victim pushed away from Nafasat and begged again to be taken home, Cooper said.
This time Nafasat complied, and when the Uber customer entered his building that day, the doorman noticed he was visibly shaken, Cooper said.
The victim went to police and showed officers screen shots from his cellphone that contained a picture of Nafasat and his name, Cooper said.
The victim also positively identified Nafasat in a photo array, Cooper said.
Nafasat, of Villa Park, admitted that he groped the male customer and had exposed himself, prosecutors said.
Nafasat, a native of Pakistan, runs his own business and drove for Uber to supplement his income, said Carey Crimmins, his attorney.
Judge James Brown ordered Nafasat held in lieu of $150,000 bail Wednesday on charges of criminal sexual assault, unlawful restraint and kidnapping.
Prosecutors asked the judge to keep Nafasat from working for Uber or any other business that involves driving others for a fee.
But Brown denied the request.
Nafasat doesn't have a criminal background, but he was stopped for over two dozen traffic violations in Cook County between 1992 and 2006, according to traffic records.
He also received a ticket for disregarding a traffic device in 2010 in DuPage County, according to the secretary of state's office.
Nafasat does not have any DUIs or hit-and-runs on his record. He also has not been involved in any fatal accidents or cited for driving without insurance or on suspended license in the last three years, charges that would keep him from securing an Uber account.
Late last month, Judge Peggy Chiampas banned Fohounhedo, 30, from driving for Uber or any other car service.
“He will not be Ubering anybody,” the judge said of Fohounhedo after prosecutors detailed how he allegedly attacked a heavily intoxicated 22-year-old female passenger.
Fohounhedo also lured his alleged victim to the front passenger seat by telling her he was unsure where her address was.
The woman fell asleep several times before waking up and finding herself on a couch with the married Fohounhedo on top of her.
“I made you happy,” Fohounhedo allegedly told the woman before driving her home.
Contributing: Fran Spielman
A state senator is calling for a criminal investigation into an alleged cover-up of an incident in which a black man was reportedly pepper-sprayed by a state sheriff's deputy while the man was sitting handcuffed in the rear of a patrol car.
Sen. Will Espero, who has long served on the Senate Public Safety Committee, told Civil Beat that the incident, if true, would rise to the level of being a criminal assault.
Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin “might want to step in and look into this because what's alleged here is very serious,” said Espero, who learned about what happened through a series of documents — an incident report and memos from within the Hawaii Department of Public Safety — that he received last week.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
The documents — which Espero shared with Civil Beat — show that the incident began when two deputies assigned to the airport section of the Sheriff Division made a traffic stop near Waiwai Loop and Lagoon Drive.
The deputies arrested a man who was driving a gold Mercedes-Benz on an outstanding warrant and took him to “the sheriff airport receiving station,” the incident report states. Once there, the man was allegedly pepper-sprayed by one of the deputies while handcuffed behind his back in the rear of the patrol car.
It's unclear what triggered the incident, and none of Espero's documents indicate when it happened. But the incident report indicates that the episode was videotaped, and the footage was reviewed by multiple deputies.
The incident report also indicates that the deputies didn't “detox” the man immediately, leaving him with eyes “swollen with tears and mucus emitting from his face.” And, when the man asked to file a complaint, a sergeant told him, “You can't make any complaints here.”
Toni Schwartz, public safety spokeswoman, told Civil Beat that the incident “possibly occurred prior to February 2013.”
Schwartz added that the department's current leadership didn't learn about the incident until March 2016 — when a whistleblower inside the Sheriff Division shared information about what happened.
According to Espero's documents, the whistleblower — a deputy who now works in the airport section but didn't witness the incident — wrote a memo to then-Sheriff Renee Sonobe Hong to question how it was being investigated.
“I believe that the integrity of this investigation has been compromised,” the deputy wrote, claiming that a sergeant put in charge of conducting the investigation was involved in the incident himself.
Last month, the deputy wrote a memo to Nolan Espinda, director of the Department of Public Safety, and to his subordinates, including Sonobe Hong — who served as sheriff from October 2015 to earlier this year and now heads the department's Law Enforcement Division — and new Sheriff Albert Cummings.
“I am greatly concerned and appalled that the Department of Public Safety, sheriff division, (has) done nothing to the best of my knowledge to address, investigate or otherwise hold accountable certain individuals for reported criminal actions, civil rights violations, as well as standard of conduct violations,” the deputy wrote.
Schwartz declined to discuss details of the incident, citing “the currently open investigation.” But she noted: “Any allegations of a cover-up are taken seriously by this administration.”
Espero said he wants the department to brief him on the allegations this week.
“From my perspective, it looks like this really happened. And, if it did, I want to hear from Director (Espinda) on what he's planning on doing about it because it does appear like there was a cover-up — or at least no follow-up,” said Espero, who has also notified Chin's office about the incident. “Hopefully, they will prove me wrong but, until I hear otherwise, there's a big question mark hanging over the department.”
Joshua Wisch, special assistant to Chin, declined to say whether an investigation will be launched.
“We just recently received the request from Senator Espero and are currently reviewing it,” Wisch said. “There's nothing further we can say at the moment.”
A recent report shows that the proportion of adults in Singapore who divorced at least twice has more than doubled in the past decade ("Happily never after - again"; July 24).
Marital problems tend to be carried from one marriage to another. If not dealt with from the outset, the underlying issues of one's unhappiness and relationship difficulties are often carried into future marriages.
It has been found that unhappily married couples who divorce are generally not happier after their divorce, compared with unhappy couples who stay married.
Barring cases of ongoing adultery, abuse or abandonment, divorce is not the solution to one's unhappiness, as is often thought. In fact, it can compromise one's chances of a successful marriage in the future.
Research shows that two out of three unhappy marriages can become happy within five years if people do not divorce.
Unhappiness can be caused by external factors, such as challenges faced in the workplace or in raising children.
However, job situations may improve and parenting may become less challenging with time and guidance.
Instead of thinking that divorce is the solution to marital challenges, married couples can adopt a commitment towards long-lasting marriage and work towards improving their communication patterns and conflict-management skills to increase intimacy in their marriage.
The onus of change is ultimately on each spouse.
Change begins with oneself, rather than expecting one's spouse to change. With a change of one's own views, expectations and communication patterns, ongoing marital problems can be seen from a new perspective.
Staying married is challenging, but sticking it out is worth it when an unhappy marriage finally turns the corner and becomes stronger and happier.
Elvira Tan (Ms)
Marriage Specialist
Focus On The Family Singapore
Come join us for San Diego's largest Smash weekly and one of the biggest on the West Coast! Whether you're new to the FGC (fighting game community) or you're a seasoned Smash 4 player from the WiiU days, you'll have a blast!
Check in starts at 6pm. Pay at the door ($5 venue fee, $5 towards the prize pool) and hang out and meet other players or engage in some friendlies. Then at 7pm, the fireworks begin with double elimination brackets run by your veteran TO (tournament organizer) Sam Glick. Cash prizes are awarded at the end of the event.
Please feel free to bring your own controller. Snacks and drinks are available for purchase. Our venue offers restroom facilities and plenty of parking on-site.
Learn more (including tournament rules):
http://gamesync.us/smash
Be sure to join our Facebook group and our Discord server for winners, photos and updates:
https://www.facebook.com/groups/GameSyncSmash/
https://discord.gg/gamesync
Bought this to replace factory stereo in Toyota Sienna minivan. I paid to have Best Buy install it, and that went great. I arrived at the store at 4pm and at 5pm drove away with new radio on and working. It stuck out a bit too far but I figured there wasn't much to be done about that. I was able to plug my android phone into the phone jack and listen to that. Played a CD also and all sounded good and came through the multiple speakers well, good base & balance. As it got dark, I noticed that the lights on the unit were way too bright. When I got home I went through the user guide carefully and figured out that I could pick literally any color for controls and display, so could set it to match other dials, etc, in the car. But there was no way to set the brightness. I searched online (Pioneer has a bunch of youtube videos) and followed a procedure described there, but unit didn't behave as described. It's just glaring, distractingly bright at night. Nothing to be done, except maybe set the color to dark blue. The other problem was that there was no separate HD radio source--just "Tuner". Seems they could have just had FM1, FM2, FM3, HD, ... like every other care receiver I know of. Instead there's some incredibly complicated sequence of steps you go through to decide whether you want the scan-for-stations function to find regular or HD stations so you can assign them to buttons, but this is nothing you could do while driving or without the manual. I thought I did it right but there's still no indication that I'm getting HD radio, which probably means I'm not, even though there are many HD stations here in the DC area. I just gave up, even though that's why I got this model and not a cheaper one. I know I should go back to BB and get them to help, but it's a hassle to make and appt. etc. If you get this one, see if you can get the installers to teach you how to fix all these things before you leave!
Read more
The zombie apocalypse may be more than just a horror story for some bacteria. New research shows that when exposed to a microbe-slaying silver solution, the germs can “go zombie,” wiping out their living compatriots even after death. The results may explain silver's long-lasting antibacterial power and could improve the performance of medical products that keep us safe from harmful pathogens.
The use of silver in medicine dates back thousands of years, and scientists have long known that the metal is a potent antibacterial agent. Silver ions perform their deadly work by punching holes in bacterial membranes and wreaking havoc once inside. They bind to essential cell components like DNA, preventing the bacteria from performing even their most basic functions.
But silver's "zombie effect" has gone unrecognized—until now. To uncover this grisly mechanism, scientists first killed a sample of the bacterium Pseudomonas aeruginosa using a solution of silver nitrate. Then, they carefully separated the dead bacteria from the silver solution. When they exposed living bacteria to the dead, they witnessed a microscopic massacre: Up to 99.99% of the living bacteria met their doom.
Using electron microscopy, the researchers imaged the dead bacteria and discovered what caused them to go on their killing spree. Reservoirs of silver nanoparticles had built up in their corpses, indicating that the dead bacteria act like sponges, soaking up silver as they die. The stored silver can leach out to the environment, "especially if the environment contains other sponges for that silver," says chemist David Avnir of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, the senior author of the new study. "In our case, the other sponge is a living bacterium."
The researchers, who published their findings last week in Scientific Reports, also looked at the killing power of the solution they separated from the zombie bacteria. When they started with low concentrations of silver nitrate, the leftover solution wasn't strong enough to completely wipe out the second round of bacteria. This indicates the bacteria are actually removing silver from the solution, researchers say. When they started out with high concentrations of silver nitrate, the solution retained its killing power through both groups of bacteria, presumably because the first round of bacteria hadn't been able to soak up all of the silver.
“This is an important aspect of [silver] that I've not seen anyone talk about before,” says molecular microbiologist Simon Silver of University of Illinois, Chicago, who was not involved in the research. "This paper is a new spin on it, to me, and I think rather a good one."
The finding could lead to an enhanced ability to control the longevity of silver-based treatments. Doctors and hospitals already rely on an array of silver-infused medical products—from bandages to catheters—to prevent the proliferation of ­ bacteria. The metal is commonly used on severe wounds, and coatings on door handles can cut down on germs. Consumers can even buy products to reduce unwanted microbes at home, like silver-infused socks and washing machines that disinfect clothes with silver.
"Right now, the dominant idea is, if you want a certain lifetime of antibacterial performance, you have to engineer your device to sort of give off these ions over the full course of the time you want this activity," says nanomaterials chemist Robert Hurt of Brown University, who was not involved in the research. But an understanding of the zombie effect could lead to better designs for such products, Hurt says. For example, engineers may now tailor their products to keep dead bacteria around, fortifying their antimicrobial powers and keeping germs at bay.
Zombies might not be so bad after all.
The broad view among experts is that wildfires in the western United States will keep getting more destructive in the years ahead. That's partly because global warming will make the fire season worse, and partly because more people are living in fire-prone areas.
This year's fire suppression budget is likely to fall short by $470 million
Yet every year Congress seems totally unprepared for this fact.
This year, the federal government is predicting that its $1.4 billion fire suppression budget will prove inadequate for the upcoming fire season, which is expected to be especially bad given the drought in California. (The massive wildfire near San Diego last week came weeks before fire season typically gets underway.)
As a result, the US Forest Service and Department of Interior expect they'll have to pull $470 million from other accounts — including programs that are supposed to help prevent fires in the first place. That, in turn, could make future wildfires even worse.
If those forecasts hold up, this will be the 7th time in the last 12 years that Congress hasn't adequately funded federal firefighting programs. Since 2002, the Department of Agriculture, which runs the Forest Service, has had to pull at least $2.8 billion from other programs in order to fight fires — without always getting fully reimbursed by Congress. And the problem is only likely to get worse in the years ahead.
Wildfires keep getting bigger
The first key fact to note here is that US wildfires have gotten much bigger over the past three decades. There's some variation from year to year, but the overall trend is upward:
One recent study in Geophysical Research Letters found that wildfires in the western United States grew at a rate of 90,000 acres per year between 1984 and 2011. What's more, the authors found, the increase was statistically unlikely to be due to random chance.
Global warming, forestry practices, and invasive species are all possible culprits
There are a couple of reasons why wildfires might be growing. Poor forest management has arguably played a role. In some areas, managers have suppressed smaller fires to protect nearby homes and let brush build up — making the forests more susceptible to massive blazes. Inadequate budgets are another big factor.
But the researchers noted that global warming is also a likely culprit, not least because wildfires are growing in virtually every region in the West.
"The really amazing thing is that we don't just see an increase in one or two regions," says lead author Philip Dennison, a geographer at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. "We're seeing it almost everywhere — in the mountain regions, in the Southwest. That tells us that something bigger is going on, and that thing appears to be climate change."
Indeed, that's why scientists expect wildfires to keep getting bigger as the planet keeps warming. One study in 2012 by a team of researchers at the University of California at Berkeley looked at 16 climate models and concluded that wildfire activity would become more widespread in the western United States if global warming continues.
Fighting wildfires is also getting more expensive
Second, the cost to the federal government of fighting wildfires keeps going up and up:
Note that the chart above shows federal spending on fire suppression — which averaged more than $1.7 billion in the last three years. (The federal government also spends about $1.5 billion on fire protection, including paying firefighters and programs to thin out forests.)
More and more people are living in fire-prone areas
Costs are going up partly because the wildfires themselves are getting bigger. But it's also a function of the fact that more and more people are living in fire-prone areas. In Colorado, for example, some 250,000 new residents have settled into the fire-prone "red zone" over the past two decades.
All those new homes increase the overall economic damage from fires. It also raises the cost of suppression, as firefighters have to focus on protecting nearby homes when dealing with a large fire. And, as one study from Headwaters Economics found, that all diverts money from programs to prevent wildfires in the first place.
And Congress is making things worse
Put it all together, and many experts and politicians have argued that the way Congress plans for wildfires has become obsolete and counterproductive.
Budgets are set based on average costs over the previous ten years
Right now, Congress gives agencies like the US Forest Service a budget for fire suppression that's based on the average cost of wildfires over the previous 10 years. Of course, if wildfires are getting bigger over time, that's going to create constant shortfalls.
And when shortfalls do happen, the Forest Service currently has to dip into other accounts to pay for firefighting — including fuel-reduction programs that are meant to prevent fires in the first place. (Sometimes Congress reimburses the agencies for these costs after the fact, but often not.) That makes future forest fires even more likely.
There are plenty of ideas for reform here. In the Senate, Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Oregon) and Sen. Mike Crapo (R-Idaho) have introduced a bill to revamp the budget process for fires. Congress would give agencies like the US Forest Service a set budget for predictable firefighting and fire prevention programs each year. Then, when firefighting costs soared in a given year, extra money would be doled out through emergency disaster bills. (There's a counterpart bill in the House.)
Somewhat differently, the Obama administration has proposed that Congress creates a special disaster fund that agencies like the Forest Service could draw on when their firefighting costs were unexpectedly high.
But given that the federal government regularly runs out of money to fight wildfires — and usually has to dip into fire-prevention programs midway through the fire season — it's clear that something needs to change.
Further reading: Check out this excellent four-part series from AZCentral for a look at how these dynamics are playing out in Arizona. The state's wildlands are "dangerously overgrown," and more than 230,000 people have moved into wildfire-prone areas since 1990.
Editor's note: A week after this story published, Amazon announced that it will soon be integrating the Nest Thermostat directly with Alexa. We will re-evaluate once that integation is live, but for now we are sticking with Ecobee.
We've spent the last few months documenting our approach to building a smart home from scratch. We've added two Nest thermostats, two Chamberlain garage door openers, a SmartThings home automation hub, smart LEDs from Philips and a mish-mash of other components.
We also added an Amazon Echo voice assistant to the house, and we've come to realize it's the most valuable component in there. Alexa, the speech recognition engine that comes with Echo, is by far the easiest way for multiple family members to control smart home products.
"Alexa, turn on the garage lights."
It's gotten to the point that Echo-compatibility is one of the first things we look for when we bring a new smart device over to potentially add it to the house. We've also become irritated at the things we've already installed that don't work with Echo.
Tyler Lizenby/CNET
It's time to fix all that.
The Nest Thermostat, for example, doesn't work with Echo out of the box. Instead, you need to use a third-party Echo app to link the two called Reflect Connect. That means a clunky extra verbal command. "Alexa, tell Reflect to turn up the heat."
Chamberlain's MyQ garage opener doesn't even have a workaround.
For that reason we'll be swapping out both of those products. Instead of Nest we're going with the Ecobee 3, which the Echo supports directly. We're also replacing the MyQ for the Garageio opener.
We'll need to say "Alexa, tell Garageio," to issue a command, but that's better than no integration with Echo. We also like Garageio because it supports automations through IFTTT. Chamberlain won't let its MyQ opener do anything automatically out of concern for consumer safety. That's a reasonable worry, but we'd rather have the choice.
We're also reconsidering the SmartThings home automation hub. Its interface is too cumbersome for setting up basic automations that aren't security-related. We still need SmartThings for security, but we're going to try to rely on IFTTT For most of our single-device automations.
As much as we like Echo, it's not perfect. It can't support multi-device automation commands (aka scenes) so we'll need to rely on IFTTT to be able to issue a command like "Alexa, trigger morning mode" ("trigger" is what you need to say for an IFTTT command). SmartThings might be able to help here, too.
By switching to Echo-compatible Ecobee thermostats, we'll also lose compatibility between the Nest Thermostat and the Nest Protect smoke detector. That link isn't useful enough to upset us much. Echo also doesn't have direct support for any smoke detectors right now, either, so we'd rather stick with the Protection, which remains the best smart smoke and CO detector available.
We'll find other things that won't work with Echo or Alexa yet. As much as we like Alexa, she still can't save us from smart-home fragmentation, at least yet. Amazon has been adding new supported devices and services like Uber and Spotify to Alexa weekly, and at a faster clip than other smart-home platforms are expanding their own web of devices.
We'll have a few stories up over the next day or so talking about the specifics of adding Ecobee and Garageio to Echo and our smart home. You can already read how we built our lighting setup around Alexa. So far it works great.
TIMELINE April 13, 2014: Candido Medina-Resendiz is arrested by Officer Mark Kaylor and others.
July 7: Red Bank Judge Johnny Houston questions why the video of the arrest has not been provided.
July 31: Medina-Resendiz files a complaint of excessive force with Red Bank police internal affairs.
Aug. 25: The Red Bank internal affairs investigation clears Kaylor of wrongdoing.
Aug. 27: Medina-Resendiz is indicted on charges of resisting arrest, simple assault and DUI by consent.
Sept. 15: The district attorney's office first sees the video of Medina-Resendiz's arrest.
Sept. 23: Medina-Resendiz takes his story to the media.
Sept. 24: District Attorney Neal Pinkston sends Medina-Resendiz's criminal charges back to a grand jury for reconsideration, citing video as new evidence.
Sept. 25: Pinkston asks TBI to investigate Kaylor.
Sept. 29: Kaylor takes two weeks of vacation.
Oct. 2: A second man accuses Kaylor of beating him during an arrest in August.
Oct. 3: Red Bank police find copies of the missing use of force report.
Feb. 27, 2015: Pinkston reviews the TBI investigation into Kaylor and decides to take the case to a grand jury.
March 3: Kaylor resigns from the Red Bank Police Department.
March 4: Kaylor is indicted on charges of aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and official misconduct.
Source: Times Free Press archives
Red Bank police officer Mark Kaylor was indicted Wednesday on charges of aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and official misconduct for his role in the violent arrest of a Hispanic man in 2014.
He resigned from the police department Tuesday.
The charges and resignation start a new chapter in a months-long saga that began in April 2014, when Kaylor was one of several officers involved in the arrest of Candido Medina-Resendiz, 25.
Dashcam video of the traffic stop shows Kaylor punching Medina-Resendiz in the arm and face while other officers held the man down, stun-gunned him and tried to handcuff him. During the incident, Medina-Resendiz cries out several times while Kaylor lies on top of him, and at one point the officer tells Medina-Resendiz that he is going to "[expletive] kick your ass."
The encounter left Medina-Resendiz with a swollen-shut eye, a fractured eye socket and cuts and bruises on his face.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation opened an investigation into the arrest after Red Bank police internal affairs cleared Kaylor of wrongdoing and commended him for his restraint that night.
Kaylor's defense attorney, Lee Davis, said the officer plans to fight the charges, which are felonies. Kaylor is expected to appear in Hamilton County Criminal Court next week. Davis will ask for a jury trial to try to exonerate his client, he said.
"Officer Kaylor has been very clear with us that he has done nothing wrong, that he followed his training and department policy and that he has cooperated with the investigation and internal affairs and they found no evidence of wrongdoing," Davis said.
District Attorney Neal Pinkston, who initiated the TBI investigation, declined to comment on the indictment. Red Bank Police Chief Tim Christol confirmed Kaylor's resignation in a release but declined to comment further.
Medina-Resendiz's attorneys — Andrew Free, Kyle Mothershead and Jerry Martin — said in a statement that they believe the indictment is a step toward justice for their client.
"We applaud the work of District Attorney Pinkston and the investigators at the TBI in pursuing justice for Mr. Medina-Resendiz and the members of the community, especially after Chief Christol and the Red Bank Police Department commended Officer Kaylor's actions in this matter and put him back on active patrol," the statement read.
Kaylor, who was hired by Red Bank in 2011, will turn himself in to authorities and will be issued a $10,000 bond. If convicted, he could face up to 15 years in prison.
Although he resigned ahead of the indictment, Kaylor hopes to return to the force after he fights the charges, Davis said.
"We felt that with the indictment looming it would be too much of a distraction to the department and Kaylor did not want to put that kind of pressure on the other officers," Davis said. "He has now resigned and once we get this behind him he will approach Red Bank about reinstating."
The charges stem only from the arrest of Medina-Resendiz and are not related to allegations made by a second man, Anthony Lopez, shortly after Medina-Resendiz spoke out about his experience.
Lopez, 34, claimed that Kaylor roughed him up during an arrest on Aug. 4, 2014. That encounter, however, was not caught on video and initially Red Bank police said Kaylor had not filed any paperwork indicating that he used force during Lopez's arrest.
Kaylor and his immediate supervisor later produced copies of the necessary report and said the original had been misfiled and lost.
After Lopez came forward, a handful of people — including many from the local activist group Concerned Citizens For Justice — called at a Red Bank City Commission meeting for Kaylor to be fired. Ash-Lee Henderson, a CCJ organizer, said the group was surprised by the indictment.
"It's huge news," she said. "I think ultimately, this is a first step toward a measure of justice, although there is more work that needs to be done."
Contact staff reporter Shelly Bradbury at 423-757-6525 or sbradbury@timesfreepress.com with tips or story ideas.
After Arbour announced his retirement in 1994, the Islanders had little stability, or, for that matter, extended success until Capuano came along. Before Capuano was hired in 2010, the Islanders had 11 coaches in 16 years, including Arbour, who returned for one game in 2007. Mike Milbury and Lorne Henning held the job twice.
“The one thing I haven't changed is who I am,” Capuano said. “I'm not going to change my personality. I'm firm but fair with guys. I believe in the system that we have to play to win games. But I learn every day. If we're asking our players to get better, not only for myself but for my coaching staff here, we have to do the same thing.”
Capuano has led the Islanders through a renaissance and a transition, from frumpy Nassau Coliseum to Brooklyn. Only five of the 20 players who dressed for Capuano's first game as coach, a 4-2 loss on Nov. 17, 2010, are still with the team: Tavares, Matt Martin, Josh Bailey, Frans Nielsen and Doug Weight, who has since become one of Capuano's assistants.
“The team was a lot different when he took over,” said forward Kyle Okposo, a first-round draft pick who began playing for Capuano in Bridgeport. “Now we've established ourselves as a top-echelon team in the league, and doing it pretty quietly. We play an exciting brand of hockey, try to play up-tempo, and he's a big part of that. He wants us to be structured, but he wants to us to make plays. He's done a really good job of that.”
Capuano replaced Scott Gordon, a more heralded coach who had jumped to the Islanders from the A.H.L. before the 2008-9 season. At the time, Garth Snow, the Islanders' general manager, said he was unsure if Capuano would even finish the season. But he is still here. (Gordon is coaching the Lehigh Valley Phantoms, the Philadelphia Flyers' top farm team.)
“He's one of us, you could say,” Nielsen said of Capuano. “He's on our side the whole time. He supports us. No one wants us to have success more than he does. He got the team when we were on the rebuild. I don't think anybody expected us to win the Stanley Cup at the time, so it was only fair that they let him see this through. Now we have a good team, and he has a chance to take us all the way now.”
But the Islanders have been wildly inconsistent. They won six of their first nine games, but then lost nine of their next 14 — only to win seven of eight, then lose seven of 11. They enter Thursday's game tied with the Rangers for second place in the Metropolitan Division, with 51 points — 16 behind the first-place Washington Capitals.
Share. I'm on the edge. I'm on the edge.
The sequel to Tom Cruise's Edge of Tomorrow has found its writers. Joe Shrapnel and Anna Waterhouse will pen the follow-up to the sci-fi hit.
According to Deadline, Shrapnel and Waterhouse are in high demand after writing the Jesse Owens biopic Race. The pair have also collaborated on a re-write of Sony's The Grey Man, as well as an adaptation of Circle of Treason, based on a book written by former CIA agents.
Exit Theatre Mode
The original movie didn't set the domestic box office on fire, but Edge of Tomorrow did go on to earn a respectable $270 million USD internationally. It's domestic and international take put the film at $370 million.
Edge of Tomorrow came out in 2014. We liked the film, giving it a 7.5 in our Edge of Tomorrow review, calling it fun with a great set-up that ultimately failed to deliver.
Seth Macy is IGN's weekend web producer and just wants to be your friend. Follow him on Twitter @sethmacy, myIGN, or his gaming and comedy blog.
Philadelphia Union midfielder Haris Medunjanin, with ball, at Bosnian national team training camp earlier this month. (Dado Ruvic/Reuters)
CHESTER, Pa. — In the 74th minute of an MLS match Saturday at Talen Energy Stadium, referee Sorin Stoica issued a red card to D.C. United's Luciano Acosta. The Argentine playmaker had challenged Philadelphia's Haris Medunjanin from behind along the sideline near midfield. It was worthy of a foul, maybe a caution, but certainly not an ejection.
Acosta was dumbfounded. His teammates were incredulous. But perhaps no one was more surprised than Medunjanin.
So the Union midfielder approached Stoica and told him he didn't think it was a red-card offense.
Yes, an opposing player asked the referee to reconsider punishing the other team's most important attacking player.
[D.C. United is thwarted by Philadelphia goalkeeper Andre Blake in 1-0 loss]
Persuaded by Medunjanin's honesty, Stoica allowed Acosta to remain in the match.
“I think you need to be honest,” Medunjanin said afterward.
Through a pool reporter, Stoica confirmed he had spoken to the Philadelphia player before changing his mind.
Medunjanin, a member of Bosnia's 2014 World Cup squad who is in his first season with the Union, described what happened:
“I was protecting the ball, and suddenly [Acosta] pushed me in the back. And then I saw the red card. I spoke a little bit to Acosta, and he was saying he didn't kick me. I said I didn't feel it also. I went to the referee and he said, ‘Did he kick you?' I said, ‘I don't think so. I think it was just a push.' That's why it's no red card, for me.”
#Curiosidad el arbitro habia expulsado a Acosta porque creyo ver una patada. Medunjanin le dice al arbitro que no la sintio, retiran la roja pic.twitter.com/QVZ6LfNImJ — VZ goal (@VZGoal) June 25, 2017
After the confusion, the natural assumption was that the assistant referee had persuaded Stoica to rescind the card. But after the match, United Coach Ben Olsen revealed that it was Medunjanin who had persuaded Stoica.
“I've got a lot of respect for that,” Olsen said. “He's a classy player and a pretty classy human being.”
Olsen approached Medunjanin, 32, after the final whistle and thanked him for his sportsmanship.
“I said, ‘No problem.' This is football. We fight for the three points, but we need to be honest,” Medunjanin said. “I'm always honest. I try to win. I don't want to win with a dirty play. For me, it's important that we won and play a fair game.”
[Washington Spirit's defense holds firm in 1-0 NWSL win over Portland Thorns]
Union Coach Jim Curtin said he agreed that Acosta did not deserve a red card but added with a laugh, “I don't know if I would have done” what Medunjanin did.
Curtin expressed admiration for his player, saying, “You talk about fair play in this league and all over the world, he's the one who had the intestinal fortitude to speak up and say there was no contact. He's a man. He's a person I respect a great deal. It's an incredible act. I think it's something you could show to not just young kids but adults who play in professional soccer. What he did is very honorable, the right thing to do. … But he did what is right for the game.”
When Stoica showed the red card, United captain Steve Birnbaum approached the referee to dispute the decision. “He told me he saw something,” Birnbaum said. “He thought he made the right call until their player said something to him. That was pretty big of [Medunjanin]. I don't know if I would've done that.”
Although Medunjanin's input helped United remain at even strength, the Union staved off late pressure to secure a 1-0 victory and end a three-game losing streak.
“I can talk now about being honest because we won the three points,” he said. “It's much easier to speak [about it], but maybe if it's a draw, maybe it's a little bit different.”
Temple et al (2003) published an fMRI study of 20 children with dyslexia who were scanned both before and after a computerised intervention (FastForword) designed to improve their language. The article in question was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, and at the time of writing has had 270 citations. I did a spot check of fifty of those citing articles to see if any had noted problems with the paper: only one of them did so.
The authors presented uncorrected whole brain activation data. This is not explicitly stated but can be deduced from the z-scores and p-values. Russell Poldrack, who happens to be one of the authors of this paper, has written eloquently on this subject: “…it is critical to employ accurate corrections for multiple tests, since a large number of voxels will generally be significant by chance if uncorrected statistics are used. .. The problem of multiple comparisons is well known but unfortunately many journals still allow publication of results based on uncorrected whole-brain statistics.” Conclusion 2 is based on uncorrected p-values and is not valid.
Dorothy notes four major problems with the study:
There was no dyslexic control group; thus, we don't know whether any improvements over time were specific to the treatment, or would have occurred with a control treatment or even without any treatment.
The brain imaging data were thresholded using an uncorrected threshold.
One of the main conclusions (the "normalization" of activation following training") is not supported by the necessary interaction statistic, but rather by a visual comparison of maps.
The correlation between changes in language scores and activation was reported for only one of the many measures, and it appeared to have been driven by outliers. Looking back at the paper, I see that Dorothy is absolutely right on each of these points. In defense of my coauthors, I would note that points 2-4 were basically standard practice in fMRI analysis 10 years ago (and still crop up fairly often today). Ironically, I raised two of of these issues in my recent paper for the special issue of Neuroimage celebrating the 20th anniversary of fMRI, in talking about the need for increased methodological rigor...
Sony Happy With PS Vita Sales in the US, Sold More Last Year Than Internally Targeted
While Sony didn't spend much time talking about the PlayStation Vita during their E3 2015 press conference, PlayStation Europe boss Jim Ryan said during the event that it's still selling “respectable quantities” and Sony hasn't abandoned the system.
In an interview with Forbes, Sony Computer Entertainment America CEO talked about how there are 100 games coming to the PS Vita this year and it's a great platform for indie developers:
I think there are 100 games coming out this year across the Vita platform. I think it's a great platform for independent developers. They're seeing a lot of opportunity across that. And it's certainly a very vital and vibrant platform in the crucial Japan and Asia markets. So, yeah, we're still in the Vita business. We're still using it to bring new experiences. I think the cost of entry for a developer is probably more friendly than doing a full-blown, AAA PS4 title.
Even with combined sales of the PS Vita, PlayStation TV, and PlayStation Portable dropping to 3.3 million in the previous fiscal year, Layden says they're happy with Vita sales in the US – and they even had trouble keeping it in stock at times:
Yeah [we're happy with PS Vita sales in the US]. In fact, we sold more than we had internally targeted last year. We saw some issues in the market last year with supply constraint, which was kind of a surprise. I still believe it's the best hand held gaming experience as far as what it brings you from technology and screen resolution. PlayStation Now, our streaming gaming service, is supported by Vita, so that's bringing new users. And the fact that Vita got to support Remote Play for PS4, that caused a huge spike in sales, which we're still kind of chasing.
As reiterated by Shuhei Yoshida at E3, Sony isn't planning on making any more big first-party games for the Vita.
[Source: Forbes]
EARLY HERESIES
(2 Corinthians 2:17)
(2 Corinthians 4:2)
(2 Thessalonians 2:2)
(2 Peter 2:1-3)
Galatians 1:6-8; 1 John 4:3; 2 John 1:7; and Jude 1:3-4.
These false doctrines influenced the transmission of scripture and account for some of the differences in the line of manuscripts.
WESTCOTT AND HORT
Brooke Foss Westcott (1825-1901) and Fenton John Anthony Hort (1828-1892) produced a
In short, the Westcott and Hort theory states that the Bible is to be treated as any other book would be.
Hort called the Textus Receptus "vile and villainous" (Life and Letters of Fenton John Anthony Hort, Vol. I, p.211).
If Westcott and Hort are the fathers of modern textual criticism and the 'restorers of the true text', should we not know something of their beliefs to see if they are consistent with Scripture? This would be harmonious with the teaching found in Matthew 7:17 .
What they said about............
The Scriptures:
"I reject the word infallibility of Holy Scriptures overwhelmingly."
"Our Bible as well as our Faith is a mere compromise."
"Evangelicals seem to me perverted. . .There are, I fear, still more serious differences between us on the subject of authority, especially the authority of the Bible."
Dr. Wilbur Pickering writes that, "Hort did not hold to a high view of inspiration." (The Identity of the New Testament Text, p.212)
Perhaps this is why both the RV (which Westcott and Hort helped to translate) and the American edition of it, the ASV, translated 2 Timothy 3:16 as, "Every scripture inspired of God" instead of "All scripture is given by inspiration of God," (KJV).
The Deity of Christ:
"He never speaks of Himself directly as God, but the aim of His revelation was to lead men to see God in Him."
"(John) does not expressly affirm the identification of the Word with Jesus Christ."
"(Rev. 3:15) might no doubt bear the Arian meaning, the first thing created."
(John 1:18)
John 9:38
"And he said, Lord I believe and he worshipped him."
"The Greek word denotes an act of reverence, whether paid to a creature, as here, or to the Creator." (thus calling Christ "a creature.")
Salvation:
"The thought (of John 10:29 ) is here traced back to its most absolute form as resting on the essential power of God in His relation of Universal Fatherhood."
"I confess I have no repugnance to the primitive doctrine of a ransom paid to Satan. I can see no other possible form in which the doctrine of a ransom is at all tenable; anything is better than the doctrine of a ransom to the father."
1 Peter 2:2.
Titus 2:11
Hell:
"(Hell is) not the place of punishment of the guilty, (it is) the common abode of departed spirits."
"We have no sure knowledge of future punishment, and the word eternal has a far higher meaning."
Mark 9:44
[Matt. 18:8]
Creation:
"No one now, I suppose, holds that the first three chapters of Genesis, for example, give a literal history. I could never understand how anyone reading them with open eyes could think they did."
"But the book which has most engaged me is Darwin. Whatever may be thought of it, it is a book that one is proud to be contemporary with..... My feeling is strong that the theory is unanswerable."
Romanism:
"I wish I could see to what forgotten truth Mariolatry
(the worship of the Virgin Mary)
bears witness."
"The pure Romanish view seems to be nearer, and more likely to lead to the truth than the Evangelical."
Cisco Systems is continuing its investments in overseas markets by promising to spend $1 billion over the next three to five years in the United Kingdom.
The money will go into a wide variety of areas, from startups in the Internet of everything to IoE technologies in such areas as financial, retail and health care industries. There also will be investments in smart cities technologies and cyber-security solutions, according to the company officials. The money will contribute to a larger digitization effort throughout the company.
"We believe the UK is well on its way to becoming one of the top digitized countries in the world," outgoing CEO John Chambers said in a statement. "Since 2011 we have delivered over and above on every objective we set with government in our prior commitments—encouraging technology, innovation and entrepreneurship. Through the British Innovation Gateway initiative, we have supported the government's ambition to create world class technology hubs across the country, generate jobs, diversify the economy and support sustainable growth."
The announcement came July 9, after Chambers and incoming CEO Chuck Robbins met with U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron and other executives.
It also came several days after Cisco officials said the company will spend $100 million on IoE startups in France after the company signed a deal with the country in February. In addition, Cisco in June announced it is investing $10 billion over several years in China. Cisco in 2011 also invested $500 million in the U.K.'s digitization efforts.
Chambers and other Cisco executives have said the IoE—which they said includes the Internet of things (IoT)—represents the most significant transition in the tech industry since the Internet. They expect the number of connected devices worldwide to grow from 25 billion last year to more than 50 billion by 2020, and could be a $19 trillion boon to businesses globally by that year.
Among the $1 billion that Cisco is spending in the United Kingdom is $150 million for IoE startups and venture capital investments. Cisco officials said they will make further acquisitions in the U.K., adding to previous ones in the areas of wireless software, cloud-based security and next-generation video delivery. The company also will bolster its Cisco Networking Academy in the United Kingdom and will create more centers of expertise and collaboration with universities, and will expand its apprenticeship programs, according to officials.
The U.K, is Cisco's second largest market, with up to 7,000 employees.
Image caption Imam Eldin Susa outside St Louis Islamic Center Nur
Two decades ago, Muslim refugees fleeing Bosnia arrived in St Louis and became a crucial part of the city. Now anti-immigrant fervour might lead the Bosnians of St Louis to become more politically active.
Imam Eldin Susa recounts how a family of recent immigrants from the Middle East was threatened at gunpoint while looking for housing in Affton, a leafy suburb of St Louis, Missouri.
"From their faces, it was obvious from where they came," he says - and the firearm-wielding resident wasn't happy about the prospect of such new neighbours.
Dzemal Bijedic, a Muslim chaplain with the St Louis police, says a Muslim woman waiting for a bus recently was set upon by five men who shouted anti-Islamic slurs and tried to tear off her hijab.
Eventually onlookers intervened.
"Some of the people fear when they see a Middle Eastern family," Bijedic says. "They tell them to go back to their country; that they're terrorists."
Ajlina Karamehic-Muratovic, a professor at St Louis University, says she's been involved in conversations where she was shocked to hear casual anti-Islamic views by people who didn't know they were talking about her own faith.
For Susa, Bijedic and Karamehic-Muratovic, Islamophobia is real.
All three are in a peculiar position, however. They're part of St Louis's community of Bosnian immigrants - one of the true modern success stories of refugee integration into US society. They can both identify with victims of Islamophobia and yet not bear the brunt of its pain.
Despite their background as refugees and Muslims - two characteristics that have become hot-buttons in 2016 US politics - they are, in the words of Karamehic-Muratovic, "invisible".
Bosnian immigrants are European. They dress in Western clothes. They don't stand out in a crowd.
"I think it helps that we are white," says the petite blonde professor. "We look like we fit in until you notice the accent."
Image caption Ajlina Karamehic-Muratovic says she's heard anti-Islam comments from those who don't know she's Muslim
A new hope for St Louis
There are currently an estimated 70,000 Bosnian immigrants living in the St Louis area. The vast majority arrived in the 1990s, fleeing their home country's bloody civil war.
Some settled directly in St Louis, thanks to the efforts of city leaders eager to revitalise decaying neighbourhoods and stem a steady population decline that was eroding the city's tax base.
"Immigration and refugee-welcoming has, in a big way, been able to turn around hollowed-out urban cores, including in St Louis" says Blake Hamilton of the International Institute of St Louis, one of a handful of officially recognised refugee resettlement organisations in the US.
The Bosnians rented apartments and bought homes in southern St Louis, an area that had fallen on hard times. They took jobs as in construction and opened shops and restaurants.
"The Bosnians had skills that met the gaps that we had in the '90s," Hamilton says. "There was cheap housing available, jobs that paid the bills and a budding community."
That budding community flourished once the first wave of refugees established a foothold in St Louis. Bosnians who had originally settled elsewhere in the US soon followed, as word spread of the opportunities in this American heartland metropolis on the banks of the Mississippi River.
The International Institute and the City of St Louis are continuing efforts to bring in and integrate refugees - now from places like Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan and Somalia. The political climate is much different than it was in the 1990s, however. The Bosnians in St Louis see this, and they're doing what they can to help.
"The Bosnian community has been great in terms of community outreach - and the volunteer organisations that have grown from them, kind of organically," Hamilton says.
"We can point to the success of the Bosnian community, and how they've integrated into the fabric here. We have very high hopes that the new refugees can follow that same path."
A 'human point of view'
Eldin Susa sits behind a desk in an office cluttered with half-unpacked boxes.
The rooms in his mosque still smell of fresh paint, and a long ladder leans against the side of the building, in the shadow of a tall minaret topped by a crescent moon and star.
Although the St Louis Islamic Center Nur in the suburb of Affton only recently opened for services, Susa and his family have been in the St Louis area for nearly a year and a half, and he's been laying the groundwork for his religious community ever since.
Image caption Eldin Susa recently visited several Christian churches to discuss what his mosque - and Islam - is all about
To foster understanding, he visits Christian churches in the area - which has seen an influx of Bosnians moving to the neighbourhood for larger homes and better schools (the local public school system, which Susa's children attend, is roughly 20% Bosnian).
The 33-year-old Susa describes the expressions of surprise he sees when he walks into a new church.
Youthful, lean and tall, with a close-cropped beard and often dressed in slacks and Oxford shirt, he doesn't look the way they imagine an imam to be.
He's clearly aware that Bosnians, when they want, can blend in.
"Probably for Bosnians it's easier for them to get integrated and not to be seen," he says. "I'm not proud of it. It shouldn't matter how you look. Everyone should be accepted the same way."
The local question-and-answer sessions often turn to addressing accusations that his religion is inextricably linked to violence, intolerance and terrorism.
"I tell them that there are some who are perverting Islam, who are cutting off heads and saying they do that in the name of Islam," he says.
"The first thing I say is that the name, Islam, means the religion of peace."
And when people tell him Bosnians Muslim are different, that they have proven to be hard workers and a boon to the St Louis economy, and that doesn't necessarily translate to other immigrants from strikingly different cultures and circumstances?
"I say that we shouldn't just look at immigrants from the economic point of view," he answers.
"We should look to them from the human point of view. We should look to them as those who are fleeing war, who are fleeing killing, who are fleeing oppression. As humans we are obliged to help those people; to give them protection."
Big city, Little Bosnia
If Affton is the future of the St Louis area Bosnian community - with shiny new mosques, single-family homes and quiet suburban streets - Bevo Mill, in south St Louis, is its past and, largely, its present.
Image caption Chestnuts in a Bevo Mill market
Karamehic-Muratovic, the St Louis University professor, walks along Gravois Avenue, the formerly blighted thoroughfare that two decades ago became the focal point of Bosnian refugee relocation. Known as "Little Bosnia", the neighbourhood continues to be the cultural centre of the immigrant community.
She points to a market that offers all the tastes of home - Bosnian beer, snacks, smoked meat, breads and bins full of chestnuts. She still shops here, even though she lives in the north of the city.
At a local Chamber of Commerce, young girls twirl and hop as they learn Bosnian folk dances. A stern-faced woman explains that this is not a public performance - the youngsters cannot be distracted from their practices.
In 2013, the Bosnian community here built a replica of the Sebilj, an ornate wooden fountain in the Bosnian capital of Sarajevo, and gave it as a gift to the city on the 250th anniversary of its founding,
Bosnian President Zeljko Komsic came to St Louis to join Mayor Francis Slay - the grandson of Lebanese immigrants - during the monument's public ground-breaking.
Image copyright AP Image caption Bosnian President Zeljko Komsic (right) shakes hands with a young man following the groundbreaking of a sebilj in 2013
"Everyone told me they are proud and happy to have Bosnians here," Komsic told the crowd that had gathered for the event. "And for that, I am proud of you."
Karamehic-Muratovic herself arrived in the US for university before the start of the Yugoslavian civil war, with its massive civilian casualties and displacement of the nation's Bosnian population.
She says she lost touch with relatives during the fighting and long siege of Sarajevo, near her childhood home. A 17-year-old cousin with whom she was close was killed toward the end of the conflict.
Now, she studies the impact the war had on her community's mental health.
"Many Bosnians that you will meet here have been in detention camps, including women," she says.
"It is very hard to establish a normal life, and go to work, and worry about normal daily routine things when you've been through such an ordeal."
Children of the refugees also have problems. Quicker to learn English than their parents, they often served as translators, which changed the power dynamic in homes.
They also often feel torn between their Bosnian culture and the American influences. Drugs and delinquency are a concern.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The city cemetery in Sarajevo
Karamehic-Muratovic, who is married to a Bosnian refugee and has three children under the age of five. She takes them back to her home country every year to remind them of their roots.
"I think teaching kids your culture and who you are and where they come from can serve as a protective factor," she says.
The Bosnian community has also been pulled into some of St Louis's larger racial turmoil - including the unrest that followed the 2014 police shooting of Michael Brown in nearby Ferguson.
That November, 32-year-old Bosnian refugee Zemir Begic was beaten to death near Gravois Avenue by four black and Hispanic teenagers.
"It was a big deal because it certainly didn't get the same attention as Ferguson," Karamehic-Muratovic says, a concern that was echoed in the conservative national media.
Image copyright GoFundMe Image caption A GoFundMe online campaign raised more than $31,000 (£20,000) for Zemir Begic's funeral expenses
Are the media ignoring another St Louis killing?
About 50 St Louis Bosnians held a protest march in the neighbourhood calling for greater police protection, but tensions eased when the perpetrators were arrested and charged with first-degree murder.
Finding a voice in politics
Dzemal Bijedic, the Muslim St Louis Police chaplain, remembers fallout from the Begic murder well. He went from house to house, family to family in the Bosnian community, explaining what the police were doing to solve the crime and why their concerns weren't being ignored.
"There was a lot of tension," he said. "But they appreciate that you came and you tried.
Bijedic arrived in St Louis as a refugee in December 1997, just a few days before Christmas. Adapting to a new country and city wasn't easy - dealing with homesickness, the language barrier and the struggle to make ends meet.
Image copyright AP Image caption Bosnian residents protest the murder of Zemir Begic in 2014
After he earned his criminal justice degree at a local university, he became the first Muslim police chaplain in Missouri.
"We needed somebody who can help the community and teach the officers about Islamic religion and different nationalities in St Louis," he says.
The job, at times, is political and some friends have encouraged him to run for public office. He demurs.
"Politics is too much pressure," he says. "As police chaplain, I can help the community, keep peace between police officers and take care of citizens too. I don't want to sit in the office."
So far, very few Bosnian-Americans have shown an interest in getting involved in US politics.
Anesa Kajtazovic was elected in 2010 to the Iowa House of Representatives, becoming the first Bosnian-American to hold public office and, at 23, the youngest-ever member of the Iowa legislature. In 2014 she ran an unsuccessful Democratic primary campaign for a US congressional seat.
Bosnian-Americans offer a variety of explanations for the lack of interest. Susa says that the community is simply too new to fully flex its muscles in elections.
For Karamehic-Muratovic, it could have something to do with the Bosnian political experience in their home country.
"What politics means over there, it's not a very promising picture," she says. "Our politics are very corrupt and unfair and continue to be so."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption US election: Two Muslim voters' views on Donald Trump
Ajla Delkic, executive director of the Washington, DC, based Advisory Council for Bosnia and Herzegovina, says that her organisation - which advocates for Bosnian-American issues before the US Congress and encourages voter awareness - says some political reluctance could be related to the Bosnian war experience
"We would go around and ask for their name and addresses, and they'd say, 'well, do we really want the government to know that?'" she says.
"In Bosnia the government targeted them for extermination. They didn't think the US government would do that, but especially when you're fresh of the boat, as they say, there was a little bit of fear." She adds that the first priority of the newly arrived refugees was to take care of their basic human needs.
Thanks to the rise of Donald Trump and his anti-refugee, anti-Muslim speeches, Bosnian-Americans may be finding their political voice.
"In this election, given some of the rhetoric coming from one of the candidates, they really are concerned about the future and what that would mean for them personally," Delkic says.
If the first generation of Bosnian refugees are sometimes reluctant to join the political fray, Delkic says, their children, who are attending universities and entering the white-collar workforce, are more eager to participate.
It is only a matter of time - 10 or 15 years, she says - before they make their mark.
The national epidemic of smartphone thefts is prompting lawmakers in Minnesota and across the country to push for requirements that the devices carry technology that would render them useless if stolen.
One in three robberies now involve smartphones, at a cost of $30 billion each year, federal officials said. Smartphone thefts have figured in a series of high-profile robberies on and around the University of Minnesota campus in recent months, and Mark Andrew, a former Hennepin County commissioner and unsuccessful Minneapolis mayoral candidate, was badly beaten by thieves who stole his phone at the Mall of America.
The market for hot phones is boosted by easy resale at automated kiosks, local stores and online sites. In China or South America, a used iPhone can sell for hundreds of dollars more than in the United States. University of Minnesota Police Chief Greg Hestness warned a state Senate panel last month that the practice of stealing iPhones — known as “Apple picking” — has thieves coming to the U campus to find students to rob, often by flashing a gun.
“We're literally looking at an explosion in these sorts of crimes, and the level of violence is increasing, and it doesn't appear to be going in any direction but up,” said Rep. Joe Atkins, DFL-Inver Grove Heights. He is drafting a bill that would require all phones sold in Minnesota to be equipped with a “kill switch” or a remote signal that would permanently disable phones that fall into the hands of thieves.
Atkins, who said he is frustrated that the industry has not done more to make the phones less attractive to thieves, said his proposed measure would be among the first of its kind in the nation. A similar bill is in the works in California.
“Frankly, I was hoping the industry would adopt this approach on their own, but thus far they haven't,” Atkins said.
Rep. Joe Atkins
Phone makers and service providers offered competing views on which arm of the industry is resisting such devices, but a trade group representing wireless providers has warned that the kill-switch technology could impair phone services for customers or allow hackers to attack phones used by national security agencies and law enforcement. Instead, the group, known as CTIA, The Wireless Association, has helped to launch a national phone-tracking database, which it touts as a key theft deterrent.
But pressure is building for tougher action at both federal and state levels.
In Washington, U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., wrote a letter to the CEOs of major wireless providers Sprint, Verizon, T-Mobile, AT & T and U.S. Cellular on Dec. 30, urging them to explain why they did not embrace the kill-switch technology.
“Additional action to protect wireless consumers is necessary and that's why I am asking you for this information,” Klobuchar wrote. “The status quo is not acceptable.”
New York State Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman has also demanded action.
Insurance premiums at play
Verizon Wireless spokeswoman Debi Lewis said in a statement that the provider supports a kill switch for its Android devices, but contended that “no manufacturer has made one available to us.”
“Once a manufacturer provides us an Android ‘kill switch' that is free to consumers, we will work to provide it to our customers,” Lewis said.
Kelly Harfoot, a spokeswoman for U.S. Cellular, said Friday, “We are currently reviewing Sen. Klobuchar's letter and will respond soon. U.S. Cellular has not rejected a ‘kill switch' proposal from Samsung and, despite reports to the contrary, Samsung has never made such a proposal to U.S. Cellular, nor asked for our views or our permission on whether to include one in their devices. As new technologies become available, we will give them prompt consideration in determining their utility in preventing smartphone theft, as safety of our customers is of paramount importance to us.”
California State Sen. Mark Leno, who plans to propose a similar bill mandating kill switches in his home state, said the industry's reluctance to adopt the technology is likely motivated by the fact that the nation's top four wireless carriers made $7.8 billion in phone insurance premiums from their customers. If fewer phones are stolen, fewer premiums are paid.
“If we're successful in our efforts in acquiring a device that renders a mobile device inoperable, there is much less need or desire for an insurance product,” Leno said. “We will continue to work with the CTIA to try to make our bill as effective as possible. It will be up to the industry to decide whether they want to become part of the solution or remain part of the problem.”
FILE PHOTO: Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner arrive at inauguration ceremonies swearing in Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States on the West front of the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., January 20, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
By Maayan Lubell
BET EL, West Bank (Reuters) - For many in the Israeli settlement of Bet El, deep in the occupied West Bank, Donald Trump's choice of Jared Kushner as his senior adviser on the Middle East is a sign of politics shifting in their favor.
They regard Kushner, whose family's charitable foundation has donated tens of thousands of dollars to their settlement, as part of a diplomatic rebalancing after what they view as eight years of anti-Israel bias under the U.S. administration of Barack Obama.
"He will stand up for our interests. I suppose he will lean in our favor," said Avi Lavi, 46, who has lived in Bet El for more than 40 years. "He'll be fair, as opposed to Obama, whose policy leaned always towards the Arabs."
New U.S. President Trump says his son-in-law Kushner, 36, is capable of brokering the "ultimate deal" to deliver peace between Israelis and Palestinians.
Roi Margalit, manager of the Bet El Yeshiva, a seminary complex with around 400 students, said Kushner, an Orthodox Jewish father of three, understood the position of Israeli settlers better than previous envoys.
"At least now we have someone who knows us," the 43-year-old added. "He will now have to study the other side (the Palestinians) and see if there is any common ground."
Trump's pick for Israeli ambassador has sparked particular enthusiasm in the community: David Friedman, who chairs the American Friends of Bet El Institutions fundraising group.
The White House did not immediately respond to requests for comment from Kushner and Friedman.
Kushner, a businessman who built his career on real estate and publishing, has said little about his views about one of the world's most intractable conflicts, either during the campaign or since Trump took office.
The big question for the Palestinians is whether he can be an impartial actor given his family foundation's past financial ties to Bet El.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has been careful to say he looks forward to working with the Trump administration, but others are less optimistic.
Wasel Abu Youssef, a senior official at the Palestine Liberation Organisation, the main Palestinian political umbrella body, said Kushner could not be a neutral envoy if he was supportive of Israeli settlements.
Hani al-Masri, a political scientist and director of the Palestinian Center for Policy Research and Strategic Studies, said Kushner would be a representative of Israel rather than of the United States.
"If he attempts to resume negotiations, he will seek to hold them at a lower level than previous negotiations. It will be more biased to the Israeli position in an era where Israel is more extreme."
'NATURAL DEALMAKER'
Palestinians want the West Bank and Gaza Strip for an independent state, with its capital in East Jerusalem.
Israel has built about 120 settlements in the West Bank. About 350,000 settlers live there and a further 200,000 in East Jerusalem, among about 2.6 million Palestinians.
Most countries consider the settlements illegal and an obstacle to peace as they reduce and fragment the territory Palestinians need for a viable state.
Israel disagrees, citing biblical, historical and political connections to the land and security interests.
Bet El, a community of 1,300 families perched on a hillside where many believe God promised Jacob the land, has been financed in part by donations from American backers.
Among its donors have been the Donald J. Trump Foundation, which gave $10,000 in 2003, and the foundation of Charles and Seryl Kushner, the parents of Jared, which gave $38,000 in 2013, U.S. tax records show.
The New York-based American Friends of Bet El Institutions hosts dinners to raise funds for the settlement, which overlooks the Palestinian city Ramallah.
Kushner has left it up to his father-in-law to comment on what role he might play.
"Jared is such a good kid and he'll make a deal with Israel that no one else can," Trump told The Times of London newspaper last month. "He's a natural dealmaker - everyone likes him."
Middle East analysts say the settlement donations by Kushner's family foundation are not necessarily deal-breakers.
After decades of failed negotiations, the real test is whether he is prepared to rethink the way the Middle East peace process is conducted, said Hugh Lovatt, a fellow of the European Council on Foreign Relations.
Inflation rose 3.1 percent in August, the fastest in three months, partly due to higher food, fuel and power prices coupled with a weaker peso, the government reported Tuesday.
The latest Philippine Statistics Authority (PSA) data showed that headline inflation last month jumped from 1.8 percent a year ago and 2.8 percent in July.
ADVERTISEMENT
The rate of increase in prices of basic goods last August matched the 3.1 percent posted in May.
In a statement, the state planning agency National Economic and Development Authority (Neda) said food inflation increased 3.7 percent in August from July's 3.4 percent “mainly due to faster price increases in vegetables, fish, corn, flour, bread, and other cereals.”
“One cause is Typhoon Jolina last month, which affected agriculture in Central Luzon, particularly in Aurora,” Socioeconomic Planning Secretary and Neda chief Ernesto M. Pernia explained.
Non-food inflation also inched up 2.7 percent from 2.4 percent a month ago “due to faster price adjustments in transport, housing, recreation and culture, communication, restaurants, water, and electricity and gas,” Neda said.
“Higher domestic petrol prices, particularly unleaded gasoline, diesel, kerosene, and liquefied petroleum gas, mainly caused higher inflation in the transport sector,” Neda added.
According to Pernia, “the continuing surge in domestic petrol prices, coupled with depreciation in the peso-dollar rate, may exert upward pressures on inflation, leading to increases in the cost of electricity, gas, and other fuels in the near term.”
The peso further slid to 11-year low levels last month, breaching the 51:$1 mark.
Also, “the disruption of economic activities in the United States triggered by Hurricane Harvey might also temporarily impact global economic activity, dampen supplies of energy, and push world oil prices up,” according to Neda.
“The impact of Hurricane Harvey on US oil production could exert upward pressures on world oil prices and could translate to higher domestic prices of petroleum. Any significant increases in domestic oil prices could push up transport and electricity inflation in the country in the near term,” Pernia said.
ADVERTISEMENT
But Pernia said upward pressures to inflation “could still be offset by higher domestic productivity in agriculture and stable commodity prices with favorable weather conditions.”
For Pernia, “inflation is still expected to remain well within government's target for the year despite accelerating for the second time in a row” although “we should continue to closely monitor upside and downside risks.”
Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas Governor Nestor A. Espenilla Jr. said the BSP “continues to see a manageable inflation outlook over the policy horizon after taking into consideration the latest inflation reading in August.”
As of end-August, inflation averaged 3.1 percent, still within the government's 2-4 percent target for 2017, as Espenilla maintained that the full-year rate will “settle near the midpoint” of the range.
“The inflation path will be supported by favorable outlook for domestic economic activity with appropriate liquidity conditions and well-anchored inflation expectations. The within-target path of inflation over the policy horizon provides the BSP with the flexibility to assess our monetary tools to enhance further our responsiveness to the evolving requirements of the economy,” Espenilla said.
Standard Chartered Bank economist for Asia Chidu Narayanan said they share the BSP's expectations that inflation will edge up this year due to the proposed first package of the Duterte administration's comprehensive tax reform program, which will slap new or additional taxes on consumption.
“We think that the BSP should still be comfortable enough with inflation, to keep rates on hold through this year,” Narayanan said.
As for Metrobank research analyst Pauline May Ann E. Revillas, “push and pull factors will continue to influence average inflation this year.”
“The expectation that the agriculture sector will continue its rebound might offset any upside pressure on domestic consumer prices. Nevertheless, upside risks will still come from base effects, weaker peso, higher imports, and the volatile global crude oil prices,” Revillas said.
“With average inflation for the year seen to remain manageable, the BSP is no longer expected to tweak its policy rates until yearend,” Revillas added. JPV
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
You may have heard that BuzzFeed recently landed $50 million in venture capital, with which it hopes to transcend its long-time status as a “content laboratory” for shareable listicles, strange quizzes and LOL-worthy videos. Earlier this year, however, the viral news website went with a much cheaper strategy: Permanently erasing thousands of specious, staff-written posts.
Last month, we noted that BuzzFeed had removed at least four posts, published in 2010 and 2011, that contained text lifted from other websites. A spokesperson explained that the deleted posts no longer met BuzzFeed's updated “editorial standards.” Yet the site refused to specify (or even estimate) the total number deleted, for whatever reason, from BuzzFeed's servers. A dozen? Fifty? A hundred?
According to BuzzFeed's publicly available metrics, the site actually expunged over four thousand staff posts—a practice virtually unheard of in online publishing (not to mention its predecessor)—in the latter half of April.
Though the precise number of deleted posts is difficult to pin down, we were able to form a rough estimate based on archived copies of five long-time editors' author profiles, which indicate the number of posts each has published on BuzzFeed.
For example: On April 15, Senior Editor Matt Stopera had 6,737 posts to his name. By April 24, he had 3,459—a difference of 3,278 posts. You can watch Stopera's post count steadily decline over the course of the month:
You can also plug in any link listed in the Internet Archive's comprehensive index of Stopera's posts; many of them, especially those published in 2010 and 2011, are now programmed to redirect to BuzzFeed's front page.
The same post-count metric—whose accuracy BuzzFeed did not attempt to dispute—yielded more evidence that other senior staffers' posts had been deleted en masse.
On April 22, Senior Editor Dave Stopera had 2,091 posts to his name. Two days later, he had 1,229—a difference of 862 posts.
On April 15, DIY Editor Peggy Wang had 3,923 posts to her name. By April 24, she had 3,437—a difference of 486 posts.
On April 23, Senior Reporter Mike Hayes had 667 posts to his name. The next day, he had 413—a difference of 254 posts.
On April 16, Editorial Director Jack Shepherd had 2,501 posts to his name. By April 24, he had 2,394—a difference of 107 posts.
Taken together, that's 4,987 posts. Even if we account for any posts published during the above periods, we're still talking about at least 4,900 posts that BuzzFeed eradicated from its servers without any kind of explanation to its readers.
Some of these posts were, as BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti claimed, either “trolly” or “sloppily-sourced.” But others, like this listicle by Matt Stopera, clearly veered into plagiarism territory.
From Stopera's “10 Things You Didn't Know About Iceland” (published in 2010):
When overpopulation, famine and disease struck Iceland in the late 19th century, it prompted a mass exodus.
From Mental Floss's “8 Things You Might Not Know About Iceland” (published in 2008):
When overpopulation, famine and disease struck Iceland in the late 19th century, it prompted a mass exodus from the frozen land.
As former Gawker scribe Adrian Chen observed two years ago, this kind of appropriation follows “an extreme aggregation logic that approaches words as just another form of content, to be remixed and copied without worrying about their source.” But as the recent firing of Viral Politics editor Benny Johnson shows, even BuzzFeed has come to recognize the practice as ethically troublesome.
It's certainly possible that many—perhaps the majority—of the deleted posts committed lesser sins, like insufficient photo sourcing. BuzzFeed, however, wouldn't tell us. Editor-in-chief Ben Smith did not acknowledge multiple, detailed inquiries about his site's deleted content.
To contact the author of this post, email trotter@gawker.com
With the situation in the Western Balkans deteriorating, Europe needs a policy reset.
Last week's international conference on the Balkans, convened by German Chancellor Angela Merkel, has – as expected – gone largely unnoticed. The Berlin conference was aimed at sending a message of support for the Balkan countries' European ambitions, meant to bolster the promises that the European Union made to the Balkans in more self-confident days. However, these promises now seem uncertain, against the backdrop of increasing enlargement fatigue, the anti-climactic statements of incoming European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and other EU leaders, and the harsh rhetoric of political forces which, in the current populist mood, associate enlargement with greater migration and insecurity.
Even in the midst of its own internal crisis and the worsening global crises from Ukraine to Iraq, Europe can ill afford to neglect the one region in which the EU has assumed full leadership as a foreign and security policy actor. It was the Balkans' 1990s dramas that provided the catalyst for the idea of an EU with security responsibilities.
Negative developments in the Balkans could reverse gains in the region, increase instability in other countries on the EU's immediate borders, and further weaken Europe's credibility and cohesion. The situation both in Bosnia and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (FYRoM) is deteriorating, with both countries facing challenges from atrophied power-sharing frameworks that elites use to block the path towards the EU. The modernisation process in the region is flagging, and a tarnished, divided EU is often powerless to make real changes to Balkan political dynamics of polarisation, zero-sum games, and toxic nationalism. And as Russia deftly continues to use its levers in the region, the crisis in Ukraine could have spill-over effects that could damage European interests where it hurts most.
European leaders only discuss Balkan problems when they become absolutely impossible to ignore.
The Berlin conference caused little media fanfare, a sign of the lower importance that Europe has now assigned to the region. Enlargement will not even be given a ministerial portfolio in the new European Commission. European leaders only discuss Balkan problems when they become absolutely impossible to ignore, as unresolved challenges come to the surface. This happened briefly in February, when popular protests broke out in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and will sooner or later happen in FYRoM too. However, even then the usual EU response tends to be only more worn-out statements that have no impact, as it waits for the problems to again go off the radar when more pressing crises emerge to demand all of Europe's attention – and its diminishing resources.
After the genocidal 1990s, it should be a positive thing that the Balkans are not news any more and are largely off the top of the European agenda – provided that it meant things were firmly on the right track. But the growing perception of international actors in the region is that there are real causes for concern.
The atrophy of peace frameworks based on power-sharing
One serious concern is the deteriorating situation in both Bosnia and FYRoM, the two most intractable crises in the region. When simmering popular frustration in Bosnia led to violence and protests in February, EU foreign ministers briefly addressed the issue in successive Council meetings and senior EU leaders conducted the usual shuttle and outreach diplomacy.
The truth is that Bosnia, a potential EU candidate country, has been in free fall for roughly a decade. Yet unfortunately, as protests and popular plenums have fizzled out, so has the momentum for a badly needed change of course. Now, any movement will likely be delayed until after the elections in October, which could deepen the stalemate until some time in 2015.
Things are on a downward spiral in FYRoM too. Negotiations on the name issue are deadlocked. Ethnic tensions between Albanians and ethnic Macedonians still surface frequently. The main opposition refuses to recognise the outcome of April's elections. And the public has doubts about a government that it perceives as authoritarian.
The power-sharing agreements enshrined in the Dayton and Ohrid Agreements were designed as transitory mechanisms, meant to arrest further conflict and encourage consensus politics. But the international momentum that led to their initial implementation is probably gone for good. The political environment now is one of continuous institutional boycotts, segregation, and bad governance by elites who recklessly inflame ethnic tensions in order to maintain their hold on power and on the perks that go with it. The EU and the international community in general go no further than constant diplomatic mediation to put out one fire after another. They act only as spectators – and, at times, as convenient tools for local elites – in the toxic politics in Sarajevo, Banja Luka, and Skopje.
In Serbia and Kosovo, the progress made in recent years is at risk of being reversed.
In Serbia and Kosovo, the progress made in recent years is at risk of being reversed. Last year's EU-brokered “First Agreement of Principles Governing the Normalisation of Relations between Serbia and Kosovo” was at the time hailed as a success for the EU's foreign policy. But now, its implementation is largely frozen. As the EU is distracted by its own transition, new elections are slated for Kosovo, which is in the midst of its biggest political crisis since independence. There is no guarantee that further progress will be made without sustained European involvement, of the kind that is not easily forthcoming these days. Many in Kosovo perceive the agreement's core power-sharing provisions, such as the Association of Serbian Municipalities, as a potential tool for maintaining Belgrade's influence in the country, raising the spectre of a sort of “Daytonisation” of Kosovo. These perceptions, as well as frustration with a corrupt leadership, work in favour of emerging forces such as the nationalist group, Vetevendosje, which is opposed to the agreement.
Much of the region is thus trapped in a sort of three-layered existential limbo. Atrophied power-sharing frameworks are not the onlysource of the problem, but they maximise incentives for Balkan-style confrontational politics and act as another stumbling block on the European path. Divided international institutions provide different levels of tutelage. But regardless of the merits of their work, they can never yield the sort of transformational democratic politics that these peoples badly need, even if they are still needed to maintain security, as is the case with KFOR in Kosovo. And a European process that seems ever more distant does not provide powerful enough incentives for changing the system.
Shallow Europeanisation
Europe could take comfort in the fact that at least the rest of the region seems intent on following an EU-bound path. But even in front-runner EU candidate countries such as Serbia, Montenegro, and Albania, there are reasons for disquiet. Beneath the surface, old legacies weigh heavily. EU enlargement criteria cannot easily alter a political culture that abhors compromise and favours the heavy-handed leadership of strongmen: čvrsta ruka, in Serbo-Croat. Progress on core European standards such as the rule of law, media freedom, and the fight against corruption is often superficial or simply non-existent. And independent monitors warn against rollbacks of the progress that has been made.
Euroscepticism is widespread, fanned by politicians' association of Europe with unpopular reforms.
The lives of ordinary citizens in this largely rural region are made more difficult by struggling economies that have been hit hard by the eurozone crisis, by extreme social need, and by rampant unemployment. Euroscepticism is widespread, fanned by politicians' association of Europe with unpopular reforms (including on normative standards such as gay rights), unwelcoming statements by EU politicians, and the reputational loss suffered by the EU in recent years.
The politics of enlargement are helping to foster two trends. One phenomenon that has emerged is a breed of Balkan populist reformists. These leaders deftly play on the European constituency in their countries and pass measures that please it. But they do so in ways that are reminiscent of the old ways (even if wrapped up in new ones), and at the same time, they slowly cement their grip on power and limit the scope for a plural space.
A second phenomenon is the profound entanglement of the European project with the region's polarising, zero-sum domestic politics. EU-set benchmarks have become a central element of internal strife and an excuse for inaction. Unlike previous rounds of enlargement, far from furthering national compromises, the back-and-forth milestones of enlargement have arguably reinforced several negative dynamics in the Balkans. The EU is wasting its own levers, without really changing the old destructive politics that form the source of popular frustration.
The spill-over effects of the Ukrainian crisis
The Balkans are a crucial, if subtle, front for geopolitical tensions with Russia. Though the EU dislikes geopolitics, seeing the region only through the normative prism would be a mistake – as the EU should have learned from Ukraine.
Many echoes from the Ukraine crisis can be observed in the region. For a start, Russia has the edge over Western diplomacy when it comes to exploiting its many levers in frozen conflicts and other hotspots, seizing its openings to exert pressure and hinder European interests. Two cases in point are Kosovo and Bosnia, where Russia is a member of the Peace Implementation Council's Steering Board. In the past, it occasionally acted as a constructive player in this kind of peace arrangement. But if it wanted to, Moscow could use such levers to sow instability and jeopardise the countries' already difficult paths to Europe. For example, it may be trying to do so with its support for Republika Sprska's Milorad Dodik, who has toyed with Crimean-style independence declarations.
Russia cannot compete with the EU in terms of trade presence and other incentives. However, it has skilfully spun a web of influence made up of energy (for example, the South Stream project), corporate presence, loans, and other resources that limit the foreign policy options of accession states. This causes problems for core countries such as Serbia, with whom Russia has a free trade treaty.
More geopolitical balancing will soon be on the horizon.
In the finest Yugoslav tradition, countries in the region try to pursue a course of tactical balancing between the EU and Russia, much like that tried by Ukraine's Viktor Yanukovych prior to his fall. But this strategy will become more difficult to sustain as tensions heighten. This was evidenced in the recent spat over sanctions: a leaked EU aide memoire to Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vučić warned the leader against Belgrade's efforts to maximise Moscow's sanctions, on the grounds of “European solidarity”. More geopolitical balancing will soon be on the horizon, when Serbia assumes the chairmanship of an OSCE that will be focused on Ukraine.
This kind of geopolitical struggle retains some civilisational overtones. Moscow and its powerful allies in the region can leverage pan-Slavism as an alternative to an EU whose fractious politics damage its soft power.
If enlargement stagnates and the region's economies continue to deteriorate, much of the Balkans could eventually opt to pivot to other powers that provide short-term lifelines with fewer normative strings attached. Therefore, as one European diplomat says, the EU should do its best to “snatch the region from the clutches of Moscow”.
The end of Pax Americana and the reconfiguration of “Pax Europeana”
As the United States disengages with European security, the 1990s Pax Americana in the Balkans is largely history. The “Pax Europeana”, which has pinned its hopes for success on soft power, long-term transformation, and integration, has undoubtedly triggered positive developments. But its results have not always been positive, and it is shakier than Europe will officially recognise.
There are no magic solutions, but more of the same muddling through is clearly not enough. A European policy reset in the Western Balkans is needed, with intertwined internal and external tracks. The internal track would see an honest debate (hopefully without more wise men committees) among and within member states on the future of the European political project and the options for its reinvention, as well as on the benefits of its extension to non-EU Europe.
Europe should undertake a thorough and candid reassessment of what works in the Balkans and what does not.
The external track would begin with an equally honest reassessment of current policies, beginning with Bosnia and FYRoM. With a new High Representative tasked to come up with a Global Strategy in 2015, Europe should undertake a thorough and candid reassessment of what works in the Balkans and what does not, even as it seeks ways to shape events elsewhere. This policy reset cannot wait – because, unfortunately, things in the Balkans hardly ever sort themselves out.
Counting on soft power to achieve foreign policy aims proved to be a (partly) flawed strategy in Ukraine. Rather than continuing business as usual, EU leaders need to come to terms with some inconvenient truths in the Balkans too. EU-style soft power tools may have worked to encourage the Eastern Partners' transformation to full democracies (although Viktor Orban's Hungary somewhat contradicts that assertion). But this model cannot be the only solution for the post-conflict, divided Balkans, particularly given European divisions over peace mechanisms and the ultimate prospects of enlargement.
Europe badly needs to assume a key global role if it is to retain its international leverage. But it cannot take on this role if it cannot achieve policy success in a European region that aims at EU membership. Nor can it let this region go adrift. It should be able to address all fronts in which its model, its prosperity, and its stability are challenged, whether in Asia, the Sahel, or the Balkans. And over the next few years, for all its need for home-grown processes, the Balkans will unfortunately require more, rather than less, European diplomacy and international statecraft. This engagement will need to be serious in order to tackle challenges such as real democratisation and reconciliation.
Read more on: Wider Europe,Western Balkans
Students gather for a memorial to honor victims of the shootings and stabbings in Isla Vista, California at UCLA in Los Angeles on May 26, 2014. UPI/Jim Ruymen | License Photo
SANTA BARBARA, Calif., May 28 (UPI) -- Santa Barbara police arrested 21-year-old UCSB student Kevin Tym on Tuesday, after he allegedly fired his gun inside his Isla Vista apartment.
Tym told authorities that he was playing with his Glock 17 handgun when it fired accidentally. The bullet went straight through his wall into the next apartment, where it just missed his neighbor.
Tym was charged with negligent discharge of a firearm and possession of high capacity magazines. Police found seven firearms inside his apartment, as well as 1,000 rounds of ammunition.
The Isla Vista community is still on edge after Friday night's shooting and stabbing rampage, when Elliot Rodger, a 22-year-old student, killed himself and six others.
User Info: LancetJades LancetJades (Moderator) 7 years ago #1
It's a painfully long process that is prone to failure, but it DOES work. Still, once you get the hang of stacking the boxes, it's not terribly difficult (just save a LOT), just awkward and cumbersome.
Here are some pics of my box configuration that got me to the top. This took a couple hours to build and pretty much collapsed just as I got up there. The tallest column (the one I jumped from) is pretty much the absolute minimum necessary height to make it.
(Sorry about mediocre quality and oversized dimensions)
http://www.evermoreforums.com/johnny/glitches/bioshock_fmlstop.jpg
http://www.evermoreforums.com/johnny/glitches/bioshock_fmlsbottom.jpg
After passing the trigger zone without triggering it, head to the distillery (not the bee place) and find a Big Daddy. Wait for him to summon a Little Sister, then proceed as usual. Return to the trigger zone at leisure and get the spare. Both are near a security camera, so Security Bullseye can make killing them a breeze.
BEWARE! ALL other doors leading to the corridor with the Big Daddy are trigger zones! Simply entering (or exiting) through any other door (besides the one to the bee place/distillery) will spawn the BD/LS combo. Eclipsing power is, at times, not only the instrument of demons, but also of gods.
Lost, but not forgotten. Just tested it myself. Stacked boxes to reach the wooden beam near the ceiling in the corridor right before the scripted BD appears (which is the only Little Sister in the level usually). Normal BDs don't appear until after that, so the only way to get an extra is to pass that point in the level without triggering the appearance.It's a painfully long process that is prone to failure, but it DOES work. Still, once you get the hang of stacking the boxes, it's not terribly difficult (just save a LOT), just awkward and cumbersome.Here are some pics of my box configuration that got me to the top. This took a couple hours to build and pretty much collapsed just as I got up there. The tallest column (the one I jumped from) is pretty much the absolute minimum necessary height to make it.(Sorry about mediocre quality and oversized dimensions)http://www.evermoreforums.com/johnny/glitches/bioshock_fmlstop.jpghttp://www.evermoreforums.com/johnny/glitches/bioshock_fmlsbottom.jpgAfter passing the trigger zone without triggering it, head to the distillery (not the bee place) and find a Big Daddy. Wait for him to summon a Little Sister, then proceed as usual. Return to the trigger zone at leisure and get the spare. Both are near a security camera, so Security Bullseye can make killing them a breeze.BEWARE! ALL other doors leading to the corridor with the Big Daddy are trigger zones! Simply entering (or exiting) through any other door (besides the one to the bee place/distillery) will spawn the BD/LS combo.
User Info: Orion_SR Orion_SR 7 years ago #2 Well done. I'm glad I didn't discount pRopaaNS's suggestion completely. I wonder if I have a save in this location so I can play around with it myself.
User Info: LancetJades LancetJades (Moderator) 7 years ago #3
One note: The ceiling beam extends to the walls and runs along the walls as sort of "trim" at the same altitude as the ceiling beam in question. This trim CAN be jumped on, and means you don't have to climb up to actually jump on the beam itself. I actually could not jump directly to the beam, and I got the boxes as close to the trigger zone as I possibly could. You need more height for the jump than you might expect.
The biggest tip I can give is that the foundation is everything. If the first two boxes aren't stable, THAT PILLAR WILL FAIL. However, any boxes stacked above the first two will be inherently unstable, to the point that if you save while standing on one, there's a very good chance that if you load the file, they will either spontaneously collapse (knocking everything down), or will collapse the second you make any movement (besides jumping).
By my count, there are 11 (possibly 12) boxes suitable for stacking, along with two large barrels. The thin shipping crates are worthless for stacking, as are the small barrel, and anything else like that.
My recommendation is to make the bottom of both "primary" stacks a large barrel. They're not very useful for actually jumping on, but make a great foundation (they seem more stable than boxes, even, as a foundation). Use the four large First Class Apples boxes for the second and third box in each stack (or as the base of the "intermediary" stack - the shortest in my pictures). Use the smaller fruit boxes above those.
My pictures don't follow those rules 100%, but I got the main stack (The tallest) assembled about halfway through my efforts, and the rest of the time was spent on getting the secondary stack (the middle height one) high enough to reach the primary stack, and THEN the intermediary stack high enough I could both reach it AND jump to the secondary stack.
Honestly, that's the hardest part: actually making it atop your primary stack. It's easier ti build it than it is to ascend it. Eclipsing power is, at times, not only the instrument of demons, but also of gods.
Lost, but not forgotten. Well, I had seen that topic and planned to investigate even before I posted my general topic about extra LSes. But the theory checked out, so it was just a matter of actually managing to pull it off.One note: The ceiling beam extends to the walls and runs along the walls as sort of "trim" at the same altitude as the ceiling beam in question. This trim CAN be jumped on, and means you don't have to climb up to actually jump on the beam itself. I actually could not jump directly to the beam, and I got the boxes as close to the trigger zone as I possibly could. You need more height for the jump than you might expect.The biggest tip I can give is that the foundation is everything. If the first two boxes aren't stable, THAT PILLAR WILL FAIL. However, any boxes stacked above the first two will be inherently unstable, to the point that if you save while standing on one, there's a very good chance that if you load the file, they will either spontaneously collapse (knocking everything down), or will collapse the second you make any movement (besides jumping).By my count, there are 11 (possibly 12) boxes suitable for stacking, along with two large barrels. The thin shipping crates are worthless for stacking, as are the small barrel, and anything else like that.My recommendation is to make the bottom of both "primary" stacks a large barrel. They're not very useful for actually jumping on, but make a great foundation (they seem more stable than boxes, even, as a foundation). Use the four large First Class Apples boxes for the second and third box in each stack (or as the base of the "intermediary" stack - the shortest in my pictures). Use the smaller fruit boxes above those.My pictures don't follow those rules 100%, but I got the main stack (The tallest) assembled about halfway through my efforts, and the rest of the time was spent on getting the secondary stack (the middle height one) high enough to reach the primary stack, and THEN the intermediary stack high enough I could both reach it AND jump to the secondary stack.Honestly, that's the hardest part: actually making it atop your primary stack. It's easier ti build it than it is to ascend it.
User Info: LancetJades LancetJades (Moderator) 7 years ago #4
This can cause a glitch wherein you will be screwed out of getting the Armored Shell 2 tonic. This only applies if you plan to rescue all four of the extra LSes, though. Harvesting even one shouldn't affect it. Read this for the mechanics anyways, as extra LSes could potentially cause this glitch if you harvest/rescue them in certain ways.
If you get all four extra little sisters (Neptune's Bounty, Arcadia, Farmer's Market, and Fort Frolic), this creates a situation wherein the 4th AND 5th LS gifts will appear at Fort Frolic. What's more, you have to pick up gift #4 after the final LS spawns.
After killing the BD for the 4th Fort Frolic LS, you MUST leave Fort Frolic and travel to another level BEFORE rescuing the sister. If she's the 15th rescued (as in, all so far have been rescued, even extras), it will spawn the gift again on Fort Frolic, but it will contain (again) the 4th gift's rewards (proximity mines and EVE hypos). This causes you to miss gift 5 altogether, including Armored Shell #2.
I assume this same hazard can exist on this level in any combination of harvest/rescue of LSes, if you're not careful. Eclipsing power is, at times, not only the instrument of demons, but also of gods.
Lost, but not forgotten. A WORD OF WARNING TO ALL THOSE WHO WISH TO ATTEMPT THE FARMER'S MARKET LITTLE SISTER!This can cause a glitch wherein you will be screwed out of getting the Armored Shell 2 tonic. This only applies if you plan to rescue all four of the extra LSes, though. Harvesting even one shouldn't affect it. Read this for the mechanics anyways, as extra LSes could potentially cause this glitch if you harvest/rescue them in certain ways.If you get all four extra little sisters (Neptune's Bounty, Arcadia, Farmer's Market, and Fort Frolic), this creates a situation wherein the 4th AND 5th LS gifts will appear at Fort Frolic. What's more, you have to pick up gift #4 after the final LS spawns.After killing the BD for the 4th Fort Frolic LS, you MUST leave Fort Frolic and travel to another level BEFORE rescuing the sister. If she's the 15th rescued (as in, all so far have been rescued, even extras), it will spawn the gift again on Fort Frolic, but it will contain (again) the 4th gift's rewards (proximity mines and EVE hypos). This causes you to miss gift 5 altogether, including Armored Shell #2.I assume this same hazard can exist on this level in any combination of harvest/rescue of LSes, if you're not careful.
User Info: LambentEarache LambentEarache 7 years ago #5 Not changing this sig until Conrad Verner saves the galaxy from the Reapers. Keelah se'lai. Is there any point in taking care of the extra Little Sisters? Just extra ADAM?
User Info: Orion_SR Orion_SR 7 years ago #6 For me, the challenge of collecting the extra Little Sisters was the main goal. Getting the extra Adam and early bonuses is just a side benefit. Also, it's a way for me to maintain interest and increase the replay value of a game.
User Info: LancetJades LancetJades (Moderator) 7 years ago #7
If you rescue all 25 total LSes (21 + 4 extras), only buy slot and health/eve upgrades, the cheapest, highest-level plasmids, and non-findable tonics, you can afford everything in the game with 20 ADAM left over, enough for all DLC plasmids/tonics if you wanted. Eclipsing power is, at times, not only the instrument of demons, but also of gods.
Lost, but not forgotten. Yeah, just the ADAM. But it's enough that even rescuing all four extra LSes, you'll have enough ADAM to buy all items in the game. Assuming, of course, you wait and purchase only the highest level of each plasmid and at the cheapest price.If you rescue all 25 total LSes (21 + 4 extras), only buy slot and health/eve upgrades, the cheapest, highest-level plasmids, and non-findable tonics, you can afford everything in the game with 20 ADAM left over, enough for all DLC plasmids/tonics if you wanted.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 4, 2016, 10:33 AM GMT / Updated Nov. 4, 2016, 10:52 AM GMT By Daniel A. Medina
North Dakota protests aimed at stopping a 1,170-mile pipeline have swelled over the last four months. Hundreds of demonstrators have been arrested, and the Oceti Sakowin Camp in cannonball, North Dakota, has drawn thousands more, including Native Americans, environmental activists and celebrities.
But what makes the project so controversial? How did an oil pipeline project in rural North Dakota become the largest Native American protest movement in modern history? What have the demonstrations achieved?
Related: N. Dakota Pipeline Protesters Shut Down Capitol
Here's what to know about the pipeline, and the protests around it.
What is the Dakota Access pipeline?
The Dakota Access Pipeline, which is already more than 70 percent completed, is a $3.7 billion project that would transport 470,000 barrels of oil a day across four states. The oil would flow from the fields in Stanley, North Dakota, near the Canadian border, to Patoka, in southern Illinois, where it would link with other existing pipelines.
Who is behind the pipeline?
The project is financed by Energy Transfer Partners, which claims it will bring millions of dollars into local economies and create an estimated 8,000 to 12,000 construction jobs.
Why are Native Americans so against it?
Members of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe see the pipeline as both an environmental and cultural threat to their homeland. They say an oil spill would permanently contaminate the reservation's water supply and that construction of the pipeline would destroy sacred sites where many of their ancestors are buried.
According to Standing Rock Sioux Chairman Dave Archambault II, an oil spill would permanently contaminate the Missouri River, a major water source for his reservation and for millions living in cities downstream. He has called for re-rerouting the pipeline.
What are the chances of an oil spill, something Native Americans fear?
Experts are divided on the safety of oil pipelines. In a 2012 study of America's 2.5 million miles of oil and natural gas pipelines, ProPublica reported that more than half of the country's pipelines were at least 50 years old. Critics say aging pipelines and lack of strong federal oversight by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration increases the chance for an oil or natural gas spill.
Energy Transfer Partners and supporters of the project say pipelines have safeguards against leaks and are a far safer option than transporting oil on trucks and trains.
Where do labor unions and environmentalists stand?
The pipeline is opposed by virtually all major environmental groups, who compare the project to the Keystone Pipeline — which was ultimately stopped by President Obama last year. Democratic members of Congress have also urged the president to halt the project.
The pipeline has divided labor unions. Last month, five of the nation's largest unions sent the White House a letter demanding the president "stand up for American workers" and allow the pipeline to move forward. Other unions have stated their support for the tribe.
Supporters of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe demonstrate against the Dakota Access oil pipeline in front of the White House on Sept. 13 in Washington. Jacquelyn Martin / AP
Have the protests been effective in stopping the pipeline's progress?
The protests forced a halt in construction in late August after the Standing Rock Sioux sued the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The tribe argued that it did not adequately consult with them before granting Energy Transfer Partners fast-track approval in July, as required under the National Historic Preservation Act. The Army Corps of Engineers said it did not oppose the suspension.
Last month, a federal appeals court sided with the company. The Obama administration intervened, asking Energy Transfer Partners to "voluntarily" halt construction on all surrounding private land, pending a final environmental review by the Army Corps, the Justice Department and the Interior Department. The company rejected that request and resumed construction within 48 hours.
Protesters demonstrate against the Energy Transfer Partners' Dakota Access oil pipeline near the Standing Rock Sioux reservation in cannonball, North Dakota on Sept. 9, 2016. ANDREW CULLEN / Reuters
What's next for Dakota Access?
Energy Transfer Partners continues construction on all privately owned land up to the Missouri River. In an internal company memo obtained by NBC News in September, CEO Kelcy Warren said the company remained "committed to completing construction." Warren called the tribe's concerns over the pipeline's impact on its water supply "unfounded."
The tribe says it remains committed to stopping the pipeline and has called on the United Nations Human Rights Council for help. The ultimate decision on the project's fate lies with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. It is not clear when the Corps is expected to issue its environmental review.
President Obama weighed in on the pipeline for the first time Tuesday in an interview with NowThis, saying the government was closely monitoring the situation on the ground. "My view is that there is a way for us to accommodate sacred lands of Native Americans, and I think that right now the army corps is examining whether there are ways to reroute this pipeline," said Obama.
U.S. Rep. Raul Grijalva, D-Ariz. (Photo: Carolyn Kaster/AP)
Democrats are fueling the debate over the Obama administration's directives on school accommodations for transgender students by pushing legislation in Congress related to LGBT issues.
The latest attempt comes from U.S. Rep. Raul Grijalva, D-Ariz., who plans to introduce on Friday a bill requiring the U.S. census and other federal surveys to ask respondents about their sexual orientation and gender identity. Like other census data, the responses would be reported anonymously.
The answers would help lawmakers better understand policy that affects LGBT people, Grijalva said.
"The current lack of sound data about sexual orientation and gender identity in many federal surveys means we are ill-prepared to meet the needs of these communities," he said in a written statement. "To go uncounted is to be unseen in the eyes of policymakers, which is why we must develop a credible and confidential understanding of these vulnerable populations we currently know too little about."
The bill has one New York Republican supporter and more than 60 Democratic original co-sponsors. They include Arizona Democratic Reps. Kyrsten Sinema, the only openly bisexual member of Congress, and Ruben Gallego, a straight member of the LGBT Equality Caucus.
Grijalva led a letter by about 70 lawmakers in April that urged the U.S. Census Bureau to accelerate plans to add questions beyond same-sex marriage to its forms. Federal agencies already have been meeting to discuss LGBT data collection.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Some critics warn people may not answer the census accurately for fear of "outing" themselves to the government. But some opponents of gay rights welcome the idea, predicting data will show a smaller demographic than activists claim.
Grijalva's bill is likely to go nowhere in the Republican-led Congress. But it signals Democrats' willingness to push issues important to their liberal base in an election year, even if it holds up important legislation.
"If they drive the bulldozer at us, we have to push back," U.S. Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., told the Washington Post about the Democrats' efforts. (Photo: Deirdre Hamill/The Republic)
"Democrats (are looking) to sabotage the appropriations process," House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.,said late Wednesday, after the minority party sought successfully to add gay-rights protections to a water and energy bill.
"If they drive the bulldozer at us, we have to push back," U.S. Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., told the Washington Post.
Republicans countered with an amendment asserting religious exemptions. The controversy helped kill support for the underlying legislation, sending House leaders back to the drawing board on a key annual spending bill.
A similar fight unfolded last week. Chaos erupted when Republicans held open a floor vote on a military spending bill so that several of their members could switch their votes in order to defeat an LGBT amendment offered by Democrats.
Both amendments sought to uphold President Barack Obama's executive order barring employment discrimination by federal contractors on the basis of gender identity or sexual orientation.
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said the outcome is the fault of Ryan's own party: "House Republicans' thirst to discriminate against the LGBT community is so strong that they are willing to vote down their own appropriations bill in order to prevent progress over bigotry."
USA Today reporter Paul Singer contributed to this article.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1TJja8T
The US has resumed premium processing of H-1B work visas in all categories, months after it was suspended temporarily to handle the huge rush of applications for the work visas popular among Indian IT professionals. Premium processing of H-1B visa was suspended in April to handle huge rush of new petitions. In September, the country opened up some categories of the H-1B visas for the fast processing.
Advertising
“Premium processing is now available for all types of H-1B petitions,” US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) said on Tuesday.
The H-1B visa is a non-immigrant visa that allows US companies to employ foreign workers in speciality occupations that require theoretical or technical expertise. The technology companies depend on it to hire tens of thousands of employees each year.
As mandated by the Congress every year USCIS can issue a maximum of 65,000 H-1B visas and 20,000 to those who have earned higher education in STEM subjects from a US higher educational institution.
Advertising
H-1B visas to several categories like those in academic and research institutes is exempted from the Congressional mandated limit.
When a petitioner requests the agency's premium processing service, USCIS guarantees a 15-calendar day processing time.
If that time is not met, the agency will refund the petitioner's premium processing service fee and continue with expedited processing of application.
Meanwhile, Kenneth Juster, nominee for US Ambassador to India, during his confirmation hearing said that H-1B visa has been an important part of the India-US relationship and there is a consensus that it should be corrected to high quality jobs.
“I think there is a consensus that it (H-1B) should be corrected to high quality jobs. I think that message from my understanding is being heard in India as well in the United States,” Juster told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
“However, actual details on what will be the final policy on H-1B remains to be determined. So I'm not really in a position to represent the administration on where they are,” Juster said when asked about his position on H-1B visas by Senator Chris Coons.
The Trump administration is currently reviewing the H-1B visa policy as it thinks that the visa is being misused by companies to replace American workers.
Advertising
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj raised the visa issue with US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson when the two leaders met in New York last month on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly.
The bank has met targets on repaying a £26bn government loan The decision to award most staff members at nationalised bank Northern Rock a 10% bonus is "indefensible", the Liberal Democrats have said. Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said: "This is bringing the worst of the City bonus culture into a public body." But the Unite trade union argued the bonus, which follows an agreement with the Treasury, was a fitting reward for "hard work and dedication". Gordon Brown's spokesman said it was a "matter for Northern Rock". Loan repayments The bonuses are due to be paid to staff on Friday. Northern Rock was nationalised in February 2008 after a run on the bank in 2007. Once Britain's fifth-biggest home loan provider, it was taken into public ownership after it failed to find a suitable buyer from the private sector. HAVE YOUR SAY I certainly wouldn't be happy with a pay cut, but it beats redundancy! Cindy Chaplin, Coggeshall A Northern Rock spokesman refused to be drawn on how much money was being paid out, but pointed out that the staff-wide bonus scheme had been announced in October. He also stressed that no executives or senior management would benefit. The reward comes after staff met targets on repaying the bank's £26bn loan from the government. 'Step in now' Mr Cable said: "This is an extraordinary action from a state-owned bank which still owes billions to taxpayers. "When millions of people are facing pay cuts or even unemployment, this is indefensible. The government should step in to stop this now." But Unite national officer Rob MacGregor said: "Unite members and staff at the bank have worked exceptionally hard in extremely difficult circumstances. "They have experienced the loss of friends and colleagues through compulsory redundancy yet have continued working solidly with dedication and commitment. "These have been very difficult times and this bonus agreed with the Treasury was promised if targets were met. Their dedication and commitment has meant that they have not only achieved but exceeded the targets set." Asked whether Mr Brown approved of the bonuses, the prime minister's spokesman said: "Northern Rock, as I think is well known, has repaid its debts to the government at a rate faster than originally planned for. "Operational decisions such as this are a matter for Northern Rock."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Story highlights Thom Yorke's group, Atoms for Peace, has an album arriving early next year
The music was born out of a three-day studio session
Radiohead's Nigel Godrich says the album steps "into the unknown"
Atoms for Peace wants to tour again after the album's release
Put Radiohead's Thom Yorke and Nigel Godrich, drummer Joey Waronker, the Red Hot Chili Peppers' Flea and percussionist Mauro Refosco into a studio for three days, and you know the sound coming out of that session is going to be otherworldly.
The musicians seem to have created exactly that as the band, Atoms for Peace, is edging closer to the release of its debut album, "AMOK," early next year.
The move toward an album was an organic one, Yorke explains in an interview in Rolling Stone . The Radiohead singer-songwriter initially booked studio time for the group -- which was banded together to perform live songs from his 2006 album, "The Eraser" -- because of how great they sounded during rehearsal for the string of eight concerts held in 2010.
They went into their recording session with nothing, Yorke says, and ended up coming out "with a f*****g mountain."
Yorke and Godrich then edited that mountain, combining it with other laptop and studio work they'd done until it turned into a nine-track album.
Yorke and Godrich agree that their intent on "AMOK" was to "step into the unknown," as Godrich put it.
"One of the things we were most excited about," Yorke added, "was ending up with a record where you weren't quite sure where the human starts and the machine ends."
The method to creating that kind of ambiguity was its own "form of madness," Yorke recalled. "We'd go in at midday and pretty much work through to 10. We were playing all the time. It was bonkers. We'd stop to change beat. Joey and Mauro would scribe the beat out, using whatever weird notation they have, and then go off on it for another hour."
Yorke's role in the process was more of a conductor, he said, as he and Godrich would pipe up with approval or disapproval of the sound's direction.
"It was about trying to get interesting grooves," Yorke said. "When we first hung out, we were at Flea's house. We got wasted, played pool and listened to Fela Kuti all night. It was that idea of trance-ing out. But there are still songs here."
Although he's tempted not to, Yorke couldn't help but remark that he "really want(s) to say, 'This is the beginning of something.' " Besides, "this was after three days in that studio. God help us if we'd had a week."
Will Atoms for Peace head out on tour again after "AMOK" drops?
"I hope so," Yorke said. "We all want to."
The second day of the trial against Law Wan-tung continued on Tuesday with Erwiana Sulistyaningsih returning to the witness stand. Law – who is accused of torturing her helper Erwiana, faces 20 charges – including actual bodily harm with intent and criminal intimidation.
Erwiana shared further details with the court about her life in the home of Law Wan-tung. She told the court that she was punched in the mouth, causing her teeth to break, and was sometimes hit in her sleep. She also shared details about an incident in which she alleges Law stripped her naked, sprayed her with cold water from the shower and switched on a fan for several hours.
“I had to sleep on the floor” Erwiana told the court as she described her living conditions in Law's flat.
Graham Harris, defence counsel for Law, took up cross-examination of Erwiana. Harris accused her of being “deliberately vague” on the dates that the alleged abuse took place. He put to Erwiana that her allegations were “either completely untrue or were gross exaggerations” in order to cause trouble for her former employer.
The defence questioned why Erwiana had not spoken to a friend of Law's son when they were alone together in the home. Erwiana told the court that Law threatened to kill her parents in Indonesia if she spoke to anyone. Erwiana recalled her employer's words for the court in Cantonese, claiming that Law said that her husband had many friends in Indonesia.
The court was shown photos of Erwiana's hands and feet, which she said had developed rashes after moving to Hong Kong. The defence counsel suggested that the marks on Erwiana's hands, feet and back were caused by acne.
The defence also suggested that marks depicted in evidence photographs on Erwiana's head could have been caused by bumping her head on the top bunk while cleaning the bottom bunk in the children's room.
Defense challenges Erwiana on dates of alleged abuse, calls her 'deliberately vague' and asks if story is untrue. Erwiana firmly denies — Meredith McBride (@MeredithJamie) December 9, 2014
The prosecution is slated to call seventeen more witnesses, including the domestic worker who met Erwiana at the airport, a China Airlines staff member, and several doctors.
After hearing these testimonies, Judge Amanda Woodcock will decide whether the prosecution, led by Louisa Lai Nga-man, has enough evidence to continue with the trial. If the evidence is sufficient, the defence will have an opportunity to call witnesses.
The National return with their seventh studio album in September, the electronically-adventurous Sleep Well Beast. Long Live Vinyl brings you a review of the follow-up to Trouble Will Find Me.
Album seven sees the now globally dispersed Ohio kings of immersive melancholy continue to wrestle with the challenge of becoming ever-more popular while scratching the creative itches that have seen all five members launch projects that stride in myriad directions. For the follow-up to 2013's bleakly brilliant Trouble Will Find Me, the band reunited at guitarist Aaron Dessner's upstate New York studio and the result is both a comfortingly familiar slow-burner and a departure into electronic experimentalism.
From the sombre piano chords of Nobody Else Will Be There, with a weary, hollowed-out Matt Berninger sighing: “You said we're not so tied together/ What did you mean?” it's clear this is an album about separation, although Berninger has stated it's not autobiographical. Strings peek into the mix as the opener builds gently to a crescendo that never arrives. A stirring example of The National as masters of restraint, it would have been entirely at home on Trouble Will Find Me.
A thundering tom rhythm from the ever-innovative Bryan Devendorf ushers in Day I Die and a typically wry Berninger line: “Let's get high enough to see our problems”. It also introduces the first of several lacerating guitar riffs from the Dessner twins. Indeed, the album, scattered with electronic loops, is at turns both the band's most and least guitar-centric. The Crazy Horse-like solo on first single The System Only Dreams In Total Darkness tears through the heart of a song built for stadiums.
Yet evidence of the evolution in the band's sound arrives via the pulsing synth underpinning the patient Walk It Back, with Berninger at his adroit, wine-glass-half-empty best: “I tried to save it for a rainy day/ It's raining all the time”. Born To Beg is another beautiful piano ballad with an arpeggiating synth, that's shot through with nostalgic love-lorn loyalty, while the opinion-dividing Turtleneck spits with the kind of raw urgency that characterised 2005's Alligator, and has notes of Berninger's side-project EL VY in its lo-fi DNA.
Long-time fans may find themselves most sated by Side Two, a run of songs of true majesty beginning with the Sorrow-evoking Empire Line and ending with the Pink Rabbits-like Carin At The Liquor Store. I'll Still Destroy You and Guilty Party are a pair of gut-wrenchingly sad tales that hint heavily at the fresh scars of a family pulled apart. The former begins with a skittering electronic beat and a cooing looped vocal. It soars out of the mire into a hugely infectious chorus, Devendorf taking over in emphatic fashion. Berninger's “Put your heels against the wall/ I swear you've got a little taller since I saw you” cuts to the bone before the song is whipped up to a heady brew of stunning drumming and cacophonous orchestration.
Guilty Party is even more direct, defeated. “It's nobody's fault, no guilty party/ We've just got nothing left to say,” Berninger concedes before a mesmeric harp riff takes centre stage, yielding to regal brass that's a callback to 2007's Boxer. It's a fitting microcosm – The National still strikingly beautiful, with the same flair for euphoric sorrow and compositional brilliance, but a newfound thirst for electronic invention. Sleep Well Beast won't make them massive overnight, but the steady, organic growth of a band who get under your skin and take hold continues. The thinking man's stadium act are very much awake.
Gary Walker
Comments
comments
The Australia First Party (AF), a White nationalist/neo-fascist party, has been mentioned a few times in the media recently, chiefly on account of its organisation of a rally in Brisbane on May 2 in solidarity with the Greek neo-Nazi party Golden Dawn (GD). Since then, the Melbourne-based Online Hate Prevention Institute has published an analysis of Social Media, Golden Dawn and Australia's Far-Right (May 7) and a Golden Dawn Australia Update (May 10), outlining OHPI's campaign to pressure Facebook to apply their TOS to the ‘hate speech' GD engages in on the site.
As it happens, the rally turned out to be a flop, with the handful of nazis who did rock up eventually being forced to flee in taxis(!) by the presence of a large number of counter-protesters. Indeed, the fact that between them AF and GD were only able to assemble 14 Übermenschen to take to the streets (and taxis) of Brisbane suggests that the party has some way to travel before it commands anything remotely resembling popular support: the barracking from the sidelines of a team of keyboard warriors on Stormfront simply ain't cutting it. (Note that AF party leader Dr James Saleam touts for business on the site using the handle ‘radnat'.)
That said, while Golden Dawn in Australia may have been exposed as being deeply unpopular, in Greece the party is poised to win seats at a local council level and in the European parliament at elections later this month. The neo-Nazi party's sudden rise in electoral support — from 0.3% of the vote in parliamentary elections in 2009 to 7% (and 18 MPs) in 2012 — has given heart to similar parties across the globe. AF issued its own statement of solidarity with GD in February 2013, noting that AF shared much in common with GD in terms of ideology and politics. On the other hand, the level of support GD has obtained in a crisis-wracked Greece remains a dream for AF. In which context, it's also worth noting that the only two AF candidates to have won office — Bruce Preece was elected to local council in Adelaide in 2006 and Maurice Girotto in Sydney in 2012 — both quit AF soon after having won.
The rapid departure of Preece and Girotto suggests a certain political instability in the party. Beyond this, if proposed changes to party registration go ahead — an interim report of the Joint Standing Committee on Electoral Matters “calls for parties to have 1500 members before they can register with the AEC” — then micro-parties such as AF will face an uphill battle to even remain registered, let alone expand their existing support base. For AF, this support base currently consists of a small number of middle-aged racists drawn largely from the ranks of AAFI, NA, ONP and the like, supplemented by a few older nazis and a few young, White faces. (On AF's farcical attempts to build a yoof wing — variously titled the Patriotik Yoof League and, more recently, the Eureka Youth League, see Protect Australia First. Parties., March 24, 2009.)
Established in 1996 by former Labor politician Graeme Campbell as a White nationalist party, in the mid- to late-2000s AF fell under the control of Dr James Saleam, a Sydney-based fascist. In 2007, the struggle for control of the party produced a rump AF (since collapsed) and the Australian Protectionist Party (APP), oriented around the traditional concerns of the radical right supplemented by a determinedly anti-Muslim sentiment. The APP produced a further split in 2012 to create the Party for Freedom, modelled on Dutch politician Geert Wilders' Party of Freedom (Partij voor de Vrijheid or PVV). None have had any real success to date.
Saleam has a long history on the far right, from joining the Australian Nazi Party (National Socialist Party of Australia) in his yoof, through to establishing a series of fascist grouplets while at the Univerity of Sydney and currently as President of AF. Notably, Saleam was responsible for the establishment of the (now defunct) neo-Nazi organisation National Action in 1982 (see : Troy Whitford, ‘A political history of National Action: Its fears, ideas, tactics and conflicts', Rural Society, Vol.20, No.2, April 2011). His leadership of that group was suspended when in 1991 he was sent to jail for organising a shotgun assault upon the home of African National Congress representative Eddie Funde in 1989. This crime is one of several, including fraud, for which Saleam has been found guilty. (On Saleam's history, see : Dr James Saleam & ‘The Audacity of Hate', September 26, 2009.)
Aside from his neo-Nazi past and violent criminal record, for his critics on the radical right, Saleam's ancestry — his ‘racial' lineage — has long been a point of contention. Saleam claims to be of Greek descent; others maintain that he's of Lebanese stock. Such criticism is generally muted, however, on account of Saleam's obvious dedication to removing from Australia non-Whites — even if, ironically, a successful mission would entail his own deportation. This is not a new theme, as the following tale from David Greason's book I was a teenage fascist (McPhee Gribble, 1994) reveals:
Sydney was great for colourful nationalist identities. I also met Nick ‘White Australia' Maina (he changed his name by deed poll for the 1974 senate election), an associate of Robert Clark's in the anti-Grassby campaign of 1974. Maina, of Greek parentage, objected strongly to Italian and Greek immigrants, considering them a potential security risk if war ever broke out. He wanted them deported, just in case. Like many on our side, he liked to consider all possibilities. ‘But Nick', I said patiently, ‘you're a wog. On that logic, you'd have to deport yourself'. His voice cracked with patriotic fervour. ‘If I had to, I would', he said. ‘I love this bloody country so much'.”
Heh. Of course, that was then and this is now — and Greek-Australians have been (begrudgingly) accepted into the White nationalist fold.
One of Saleam's most loyal followers is Ross ‘The Skull' May. According to Greason: “The Skull (he shaved his head) was virtually blind and was the closest thing to the Grand Old Man of Australian Nazism — his life story, as recounted in Harcourt's book [Everyone Wants to be Fuehrer, Angus and Robertson, 1972], was a litany of brawls, unprovoked attacks on moratorium marchers, and regular trips to the lock-up” (p.103). May's brawling days are now presumably well behind him but he retains his place at Saleam's side.
While neither Saleam nor May joined AF in Brisbane, other fascist stalwarts like Jim Perren, formerly a member of the ‘White Pride Coalition of Australia' (WPCA — now defunct) did. In 2009, both May and Perren attended AF's annual gathering of fascists known as the Sydney Forum. The Forum was last held in 2011. Its MC, Welf Herfurth, announced his retirement at that stage, and is now concentrating on promoting the New Right and ‘national anarchist' groupuscules in Sydney by way of various publicity stunts.
They're a weird mob.
Above : The one-person counter demonstration by Ross May (aka The Skull) dressed in his Nazi uniform, holding a placard which says “The National Socialist Party says Stop the Queers. Keep Australia Clean.” (Sydney, September 1973)
Above : ‘The Skull' at the 2009 Sydney Forum.
Above : Pauline Hanson meets ‘The Skull'.
Bonus OFF!
The deputy leader of far-right group Britain First, who was retweeted by Donald Trump, has been re-arrested on the court steps in Belfast.
It came minutes after Jayda Fransen, 31, appeared in court accused of behaviour intended or likely to stir up hatred arising from her speech at a Northern Ireland Against Terrorism rally last summer.
Her rearrest came after she featured in a tweet on Wednesday purporting to show her at a peace wall used to divide Catholic residents from Protestants to prevent violence during the Troubles.
The message said it was shot in the staunchly unionist Shankill area of west Belfast.
During the video post she criticised Islam.
It comes as the group gained its greatest publicity ever last month when it revealed Donald Trump had retweeted three of Ms Fransen's videos, endorsing her Islamophobic message to his 43.6 million followers.
Britain First leader Paul Golding was also arrested at the court in relation to a rally speech he made in the city in August.
Introduction
Well, here it is - Not a competitor for the Sony RX1 or a mini Leica M with an EVF or a compact full frame camera with a small fast zoom. The Mini M teaser seems to have generated all the wildest fantasies in the internet photo community - whether this was a good thing, or a bad thing is not up to me to decide, but that's the first (and the next to last) time that I'm going to type Mini M!
What is it then? Well, it seems to me that it is the logical successor to Leica's much loved Digilux 2 which came out early in 2004. If you're interested in this camera Thorsten Overgaards Excellent Digilux 2 report will tell you everything you need to know. The camera had a 2/3” sensor, much smaller than the APS/c sensor on the new X Vario, which means that the actual depth of field you will get is roughly equivalent. Paula doesn't have a built-in electronic viewfinder, but it does have Live View, and you can plug in the Leica EVF (and probably the Olympus VF-2, although I haven't tried it).
Despite the yawns from some of the more technically minded on the internet this is pretty much a unique camera - being the only currently available APS-c sized camera with an integral zoom lens (the Canon G1x sensor is rather smaller). As far as I'm aware the Sony R1 is the only previous camera with a fixed zoom lens and an APS-c sized sensor Dpreview Review here. I didn't own either the Digilux 2 or the Sony R1, but I was aware that both of these cameras were much appreciated by many photographers.
So it seems to me that at the very least Leica have produced an interesting modern take on a popular design strategy.
The idea that mental illness is related to brain abnormalities or other biological factors is popular among some patients; they say it demystifies their experiences and lends legitimacy to their symptoms. However, studies show that biological explanations can increase mental health stigma, encouraging the public perception that people with mental illness are essentially different, and that their problems are permanent. Now Matthew Lebowitz and Woo-young Ahn have published new evidence that suggests biological explanations of mental illness reduce the empathy that mental health professionals feel towards patients.
Over two hundred psychologists, psychiatrists and social workers were presented with vignettes of patients with conditions such as social phobia, depression or schizophrenia. Crucially, some of these vignettes were accompanied by purely biological explanations focused on factors like genes and brain chemistry, while other vignettes were accompanied by psychosocial explanations, such as a history of bullying or bereavement. Next, the mental health professionals reported their feelings by scoring how far a range of adjectives – such as “sympathetic”, “troubled” and “warm” – fitted their current state.
Vignettes accompanied by biological explanation provoked lower feelings of empathy from the clinicians, and this was true regardless of their specific profession. Both biological and psychosocial explanations triggered similar levels of distress, so the reduced empathy associated with biological explanation was not simply due to psychosocial explanations being more upsetting. The mental health professionals rated the biological explanations less clinically useful; biological explanation also prompted them to have less faith in psychotherapy and more confidence in drug treatments.
Similar results were found in a follow-up study in which clinicians and social workers were presented with vignettes and explanations that reflected a combination of psychosocial and biological factors, but with one approach more dominant than the other. The idea was that this would better reflect real life. In this case, explanations dominated by biological factors prompted lower empathy from clinicians.
Lebowitz and Ahn suggest biological explanations provoke reduced empathy because they have a dehumanising effect (implying patients are “systems of interacting mechanisms”) and give the impression that problems are permanent. With biological approaches to mental illness gaining prominence in psychology and psychiatry these are potentially worrying results. A silver lining is that both medically trained and non-medical clinicians and social workers in the study saw biological explanations as less clinically useful than psychosocial explanations.
A weakness of the research is the lack of a baseline no-explanation control condition – this means we can't know for sure if psychosocial explanations increased empathy or if biological explanations reduced it. Also, as the researchers admitted, the vignettes and explanations were greatly simplified. Nonetheless, the findings may still give reason for concern. Lebowitz and Ahn suggest reductions in empathy may be avoided if clinicians understand that “even when biology plays an important etiological role, it is constantly interacting with other factors, and biological ‘abnormalities' do not create strict distinctions between members of society with and without mental disorders.”
_________________________________
Lebowitz, M., & Ahn, W. (2014). Effects of biological explanations for mental disorders on clinicians' empathy Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 111 (50), 17786-17790 DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1414058111
Post written by Christian Jarrett (@psych_writer) for the BPS Research Digest.
This article is about the natural partial congestion of the nose. For nasal congestion as a symptom, see Nasal congestion
CT scan showing evidence of the nasal cycle. The more patent airway is on the right of the image; the swollen turbinates congesting the left.
The nasal cycle is the often unnoticed[1][2] alternating partial congestion and decongestion of the nasal cavities in humans and other animals. It is a physiological congestion of the nasal concha, also called the nasal turbinate, due to selective activation of one half of the autonomic nervous system by the hypothalamus. It should not be confused with pathological nasal congestion. The nasal cycle was studied and discussed in the ancient yoga literature of pranayama.[3] In the modern western literature, it was first described by the German physician Richard Kayser in 1895.[4]
Description [ edit ]
In 1927 Heetderks[5] described the alternating turgescence of the inferior turbinates in 80% of a normal population. According to Heetderks, the cycle is the result of alternating congestion and decongestion of the nasal conchae or turbinates, predominantly the inferior turbinates, which are by far the largest of the turbinates in each nasal fossa. Turbinates consist of bony projections covered by erectile tissue, much like the tissues of the penis and clitoris. The turbinates in one fossa fill up with blood while the opposite turbinates decongest by shunting blood away. This cycle, which is controlled by the autonomic nervous system as described above, has a mean duration of two and a half hours. He further observed and documented that the turbinates in the dependent nasal fossa fill when the patient is in the lateral decubitus (lying down on your side) position. Some[who?] postulate that this alternating positional obstruction has the purpose of causing a person to turn from one side to the other while sleeping in order to prevent bedsores. Others note that the asymmetric airflow may have some benefit to overall olfactory sensitivity.[6] The nasal cycle is an alternating one, with the total resistance in the nose remaining constant. In patients with a fixed septal deviation and intermittent nasal obstruction, the interplay of the nasal cycle becomes evident; the sensation of obstruction frequently mirrors the congestion phase.[6]
It is possible that the nasal cycle may exacerbate the nasal congestion caused by the common cold, as the lack of motility of the cilia in one half of the nose may lead to an uncomfortable sensation of not being able to shift mucus by blowing the nose.
Benefits in breathing [ edit ]
It has been shown that the cilia of the congested side suspend their motility until that side decongests. Thus the cycle ensures that one side of the nose is always moist, to facilitate humidification, which is one of the three functions of the nose, the other two being filtration and warming of inspired air prior to its entering the lungs.[6]
Benefits in olfaction [ edit ]
Some odor chemicals bind with olfactory receptors easily, even under conditions of high airflow, and other odors need more time, under low airflow conditions, to bind with receptors. With high airflow on one side and low airflow on the other side, the olfactory center detects a greater range of smells.[7][8][9]
Distinction [ edit ]
The nasal cycle should not be confused with pathological nasal congestion: individuals with normal nasal breathing usually do not realize their breathing is asymmetric unless there is underlying nasal obstruction.[1] In pathological conditions, however, the nasal cycle may influence the symptoms.[2]
Research on the effects [ edit ]
In 1994, breathing through alternate nostrils showed effects on brain hemisphere symmetry on EEG topography.[10] D.S. Shannahoff-Khalsa published in 2007 on the effect of this cycle and manipulation through forced nostril breathing on one side on the endogenous ultradian rhythms of the autonomic and central nervous system.[11]
More recent research has shown no statistically significant correlation between spontaneously (i.e. not forced) dominant nostril and active brain hemisphere.[12]
Cops: Kid watched as 2 had car sex in McDonald's lot
Rory Clark, 27, of West Haven, was charged with impairing the morals of a minor. On Nov. 15, 2016, Orange police said Clark was arrested for having sex in a car with a woman while a child was in the back seat. Rory Clark, 27, of West Haven, was charged with impairing the morals of a minor. On Nov. 15, 2016, Orange police said Clark was arrested for having sex in a car with a woman while a child was in the back seat. Photo: Orange Police Via Facebook Photo: Orange Police Via Facebook Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Cops: Kid watched as 2 had car sex in McDonald's lot 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
ORANGE, Conn. – Two people have been arrested for allegedly having sex inside a vehicle parked in a McDonald's parking lot with a child in the back seat.
Orange police say the incident happened around 9:30 p.m. Nov. 15 outside the Boston Post Road fast food restaurant.
“Officers learned that when McDonald's employees were leaving work after their shifts ended, they noticed a car parked in the lot with two people in it,” Orange police posted on Facebook. “These two people appeared to be engaged in sexual activity in the front seats of the car while a small child was seated in the back, watching.
“Officers learned that both arrestees were in the vehicle with a six-year old sitting in the back seat. The child was awake and alert. The female arrestee was partially undressed when officers arrived. The arrestees stated that they had only been ‘cuddling' after eating in the restaurant earlier.”
Police say “witnesses stated otherwise.”
Both adults were taken into custody and arrested. The child was placed into the custody of a relative. The incident was also reported to Department of Children and Family Services.
Rory Clark, 27, of West Haven, was charged with impairing the morals of a minor. He was released after posting a $5,000 bond.
Kimberly Onorato, 28, of Bristol, was charged with impairing the morals of a minor and second-degree breach of peace. She too posted a $5,000 bond and later released.
Charges: Breach of Peace 2nd degree, Impairing Morals of a Minor
Mitt Romney is doing so poorly in the presidential campaign that those super PACs that are supposed to help drown President Obama's reelection hopes in a tsunami of negative ads might not materialize. Worse still, Karl Rove and other masters of the universe might pour all that money into legislative races to usher in Republican control of the House AND the Senate. Ezra Klein calls this “Romney's nightmare scenario.”
This has been Rove's plan all along.
Nearly a year ago, I asked, “What's Karl Rove really up to? The question was posed because Rove spent the pre-primary season talking down the leading contenders for the GOP nomination at the time. He smacked Texas Gov. Rick Perry for flirting with birthers. He outlined the numerous missteps and policy failings of Herman Cain. And he went after Romney for his poor handling of a collective-bargaining issue in Ohio.
Rove's critiques were withering, tailor-made for the Obama reelection effort. So, if the goal is to win back the White House, why would Rove — especially Rove — take swipes at the party's eventual nominee? “The subtle question the noise of the campaign doesn't answer is why do he and others continually badmouth the field — not in grand broadsides but with subtle swipes with a very sharp knife? Death by a thousand cuts still leaves you dead,” a Republican operative told me at the time. Said person stood by that assessment when we spoke yesterday.
With taking the White House looking increasingly difficult, Rove's goal of Republican legislative dominance comes into higher relief. Control of Congress brings control of the political agenda. But it also brings access to hundreds of millions of dollars in lobbying contracts. The swirl of money, power and politics was clear when former governor Haley Barbour (R-Miss.), who took his own shots at the Republican field at the time, joined Rove's American Crossroads's fundraising team a year ago. That's not terribly remarkable until you know that Barbour is a founder of the BGR Group, the powerful lobbying firm that he co-founded with Ed Rogers, who now writes “The Insiders” blog for The Post with Carter Eskew.
If Romney's nightmare scenario happens, it won't be about Mitt. It will be all about the Benjamins.
File - In this May 21, 2008, file photo, the company logo for The Boeing Co., is displayed in El Segundo, Calif. Boeing is raising its long-term forecast for new airplane demand by more than 4 percent over last yearís outlook, and the airplane maker says the Asia-Pacific market is still driving the growth. (AP Photo/Nick Ut, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ113 (Photo: Nick Ut AP)
SAN DIEGO (AP) — U.S. authorities have charged a Chinese businessman with hacking into the computer systems of U.S. companies with large defense contracts, including Boeing, to steal data on military projects, including some of its latest fighter jets, officials said Friday.
Suspect Su Bin worked with two unnamed Chinese hackers to get the data between 2009 and 2013, and Su attempted to sell some of the information to state-owned Chinese companies, prosecutors said.
The three hackers targeted fighter jets such as the F-22 and the F-35 as well as Boeing's C-17 military cargo aircraft program, according to a criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles that was unsealed Thursday.
An attorney for Su could not be reached for comment.
Su was arrested in Canada on June 28 and remains in custody there, said FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller in Los Angeles. He has a bail hearing set for July 18.
U.S. Department of Justice spokesman Marc Raimondi said the conspirators are alleged to have accessed the computer networks of U.S. defense contractors without authorization and stolen data related to military aircraft and weapons systems.
"We remain deeply concerned about cyber-enabled theft of sensitive information, and we have repeatedly made it clear that the United States will continue using all the tools our government possesses to strengthen cybersecurity and confront cybercrime," Raimondi said.
Boeing said in a statement that the company cooperated with investigators and will continue to do so to hold accountable "individuals who perpetrate economic espionage or trade secret theft against U.S. companies."
"We appreciate that the government brought its concerns about a potential compromise of our protected computer systems to our attention," the company said in a statement.
Accusations of hacking by China and counterclaims of such activity by the U.S. government have strained U.S.-Chinese relations. Chinese hacking has been a major theme of U.S.-China discussions this week in Beijing, though both sides have publicly steered clear of the controversy.
The New York Times reported Wednesday that Chinese hackers broke into the computer networks of the Office of Personnel Management earlier this year with the intention of accessing the files of tens of thousands of federal employees who had applied for top-secret security clearances. Senior U.S. officials say the hackers gained access to some of the agency's databases in March before the threat was detected and blocked.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Thursday that both the federal personnel office and the Department of Homeland Security took steps to mitigate any risk as soon as they learned about the possible intrusion.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1mqyUi4
Playtonic Games has revealed a new character for Yooka-Laylee.
Featured above, the new character is dubbed appropriately Rextro Sixtyfourus, and he's a clearly a retro-inspired character. The dinosaur-like character was designed by Mark Stevenson, and is straight out of a 90s 3D platformer.
One of the first thing's you'll probably notice is his polygonal, blocky, scan-ridden body. He's likened to being the guardian of hidden arcade machines in each level. Should you complete an arcade machine's retro challenge, you'll get another Pagie.
“We decided on using a dinosaur pretty early on as this is a creature that naturally associates with a past era,” Stevenson said to IGN. “Then I think mostly my inspiration came from work I'd done previously on characters for the Donkey Kong 64 game. From this work I knew the kind of forms we had to create due to low polygon counts, so this inspired the shapes used to create Rextro's blocky feet and hands that are virtually cubes. All the polygons in Rexto have hard edges as well: this affects how the light shines on him meaning you can basically see all the polygon faces as individual facets.
“I wanted Rex to to feel like he captured the era of games from my early career which also included work on the Donkey Kong games on the Super Nintendo. Finally just to reinforce the retro aspect some more, I created a custom shader that creates a scanline effect on Rextro to make him look like he's being viewed on an old school CRT TV.”
Yooka-Laylee is set to launch across PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Wii U, PC, Mac, and Linux in October of next year.
Did Donald Trump have someone embedded at Fox that tipped him off to what may have been an embarrassing and compromising debate? Is that why he really pulled out?
Conjecture
Now this is pure conjecture, but consider this. It is unlikely that Megyn Kelly alone was of any real concern to Trump. It is also improbable that the snarky remark tweeted out by Fox was the cause any more than Kelly's own defense, in her words, “If you can't get past me, how are you gonna handle Vladimir Putin?” So what might be the real reason?
In my book, “Gotcha! The Subordination of Free Will,” there are several chapters devoted to the manipulation psychology involved in politics. One area discussed is the embedding of folks within the media, how and why this is done, and when and where it can affect so-called news stories. It's not necessary to fully flesh this method out here because for the moment, I want you to just assume that maybe, just maybe, Trump had an insider who tipped him off. Tipped him off to what?
Video Montages
In the last Republican debate before the Iowa caucuses, Fox used embarrassing video montages on both Senators Cruz and Rubio. The videos depicted compromising position switches by both men and were accompanied by questions regarding the veracity of their current assertions. Now you may begin to get the picture. You can bet they were ready with more of the same for Trump. Indeed, it's my bet that they had several for Trump and the videos aimed at Cruz and Rubio were there primarily to disguise the attack on Trump. This way they could claim to be fairly using this strategy with all of the frontrunners, not just Trump.
If I'm right, Trump was tipped off and was therefore wise in finding a reason not to attend the debate. Rupert Murdock has been very public regarding his dislike for Trump, criticizing him on several fronts. Rupert Murdoch is Executive Chairman of News Corp, and has a history of inserting his beliefs in American politics. He owns 175 newspapers including the New York Post, 35 television stations in the US, the Fox News cable networks, and numerous other media outlets including the entertainment side of things as represented by Twentieth Century Fox Studios.
Ambush?
I tend to believe that Murdock's team was ready to discredit Trump with several videos showing his earlier more liberal views and contrasting them against the formal conservative statements that have become planks in his political platform during his campaign for President of the United States.
It may be a fair question to ask about these position changes, but is it fair and balanced media to ambush a candidate you disapprove of? You decide. For me, it might have made for a very entertaining evening had Trump attended the debate, but the mockery of the system left me feeling the force of manipulation aimed squarely at you and me.
As always, I appreciate your feedback and thanks for the read.
Eldon Taylor
Provocative Enlightenment
NY Time Bestselling Author of Choices and Illusions
www.eldontaylor.com
With a quarter of the 2013 season in the books, Oregon's defensive coordinator Nick Aliotti still see's a lot of room for improvement when it comes to the Ducks defense.
“We're probably around a c-plus” said Aliotti after Tuesday's practice when asked to grade out his squad.
“I'd say it's a solid c-plus right now,…probably because I'm just a tough grader but as long as we continue to improve I'll be happy.”
After winning the first four games of this young season, Aliotti has seemed anything but happy,…but then again, the Ducks veteran defensive coordinator seems to always hold himself and his defense to a much higher standard.
After Saturday's 55-16 win over Cal, Aliotti reminded anyone who'd listen he and his team is still ‘running away from good,…to be great.'
Aliotti pointed to a pass interference call that negated a pick-6 by Oregon safety Avery Patterson.
“It's those kinds of mistakes and details that come back to bite you” explained Aliotti after Saturday's win.
As a player…or a colleague, Aliotti is the guy you'd jump into any foxhole with.
His brash personality, intelligence and obvious love for the game exudes not just confidence to his players, but he also relishes each and every opportunity to compete and somehow passes that distinctive and valuable trait along to his players.
He's a master strategist who also knows how to manipulate every ounce of effort, out of every member of his squad.
Admittedly, Aliotti is a tough minded, gruff perfectionist.
While other players outside of the Oregon ‘culture' might find those personality traits impossible, those inside of this Duck defensive team seem to follow Aliotti ( without hesitation ) into those proverbial foxholes.
“I love the attitude of our team right now” say's Aliotti.
“I love the energy I feel from them,…I just hope we continue to improve and play better and lead the country in effort….I want them to lead the country in effort…and lead the country in being good people on and off the field….that's what I want more than anything.”
VIDEO; Watch Tuesday's press briefing with Nick Aliotti by clicking the arrow in the video box above.
RIDGEWOOD, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — School district officials are reaching out to families after some Ridgewood High School students allegedly stood by, watched and recorded the brutal beating of a fellow student.
Grace, a senior, told CBS2's Vanessa Murdock she saw video of a fight that happened on Ridgewood School District grounds after school hours.
“It made me so upset,” she said. “I was like, ‘Oh, I can't watch that.'”
Baba, a sophomore, said he wanted to know what all the buzz was about and ended up watching the video, too.
“It shows one kid like basically just beating the tar out of the other kid,” he said. “Like it was not really a fair fight.”
The superintendent sent home a letter Friday addressed to the school community, writing the “Administration has been investigating a serious student incident that rose to the level of police involvement.” It “involved the misuse of social media, destruction of school property and violence.”
When asked if she thought it was OK for students to watch and record the incident, Grace said: “I don't think the recording was bad because it's good for the police so they have something to look back on to see what really happened. But it was kind of upsetting to see a group of people egging them on.”
“Not what you want to see happening to a high school student,” said another student.
“I feel kind of ashamed this happened,” another student said. “I feel like we're better than this as a school.”
The superintendent expressed similar sentiments, writing, “It is also disappointing that other students were present who videoed the incident rather than attempted to intervene in order to prevent physical harm (that was) unnecessary and unacceptable violence.”
The superintendent also wrote that anyone who was found to be involved in the incident will be held accountable.
School administrators say they plan to use the incident to address “witness behavior.”
advertisement
advertisement
It wasn't a good sign when Apple announced shortly before the Watch release that they weren't going to be breaking out sales numbers. Now, a new report from third-party analysts Slice Intelligence not only show that Apple Watch sales are down 90% since launch–a big deal, since it implies early adopters aren't regaling more cautious buyers with glowing word-of-mouth–but also that Fitbit is outselling Apple in the wearables space. Apple may have already crushed small time smartwatch companies like Pebble, but the Watch has failed to disrupt the larger wearable marketplace. Imagine if months after the iPad release, we learned it still hadn't outsold some model of Windows tablet. A couple of million units sold sounds okay, but hardly the sort of smash hit we've come to expect from Apple. A precipitous decline in sales after just a couple of months? Not a good sign. The watch has failed to become the status quo object in wearables. For Apple, that's a flop. Will the Apple Watch recover, and sell 100 million units in two years, like the iPad, or three years, like the iPhone? There's still time—but not at these rates. (Which, to be fair, are projections based on email receipts hoovered up by Slice, not from Apple itself.) Even with generous rounding errors, the Watch has failed to become the status quo object in wearables. And for Apple, that's a flop. So how did this happen? The answer may sound like heresy to those who canonize—or even merely admire—Apple's designers. What if the Apple Watch, for all its its milled and woven metals, all its appearances on the catwalk, isn't actually all that well-designed? So far, the Apple Watch doesn't seem very useful, and it hasn't proven that fashionable. It Just Doesn't Work That Well
advertisement
Early reviews were filled with tentative criticism, and convoluted explanations about why you might want an Apple Watch in the first place. The New York Times needed “three long, often confusing and frustrating days” to learn how to use it. Others pointed to poor technical performance and a lack of meaningful apps. Many reviews contained the caveat, “it's not for everyone…” One influential review by TechCrunch pointed to what became a rallying cry for the Apple Watch's utility: the time saved by using a screen at a glance–as if teens and grandmas everywhere would relish the option to spend $500 to save the equivalent a few seconds each day. (Seconds that, more often than not, are consumed by a watch alert instructing its wearer to check their phone.) Apple is not immune to fashion's whim, and fashion's whim is a lot faster than your two-year iPhone upgrade cycle. Major developers complained to us before release that Apple had constrained Watch functions too tightly to create rich, meaningful experiences. Presumably to preserve the Watch's limited battery life, apps ran on the iPhone, the sensors and Taptic Engine were off-limits, and many graphical elements had to be streamed to the Watch instead of being generated natively. Apple has since released a new SDK to remedy some of these limitations, which will certainly improve the app experience, however un-killer they all, so far, have been. From a user-experience standpoint, it's unclear that Apple ever figured out how people were really supposed to interact with the Watch. Consider that it contains four different types of notifications: a “glance,” a short look notification, a long look notification, and another style of notification that pops up only inside a digital watchface. Sometimes they'll have the information you need. Sometimes they'll prompt you to open an app on your iPhone. Never do they indicate that Apple figured out one perfect way to use a tool of their own invention. And despite having three different types of touch interface—basic touch-screen interaction, Force Touch, and the Digital Crown—the watch still leans heavily on Siri, Apple's voice recognition agent, who remains fairly dense and hard of hearing. It's Not That Fashionable Where did your Apple Watch go, Drake?
advertisement
What about yours, Karl Lagerfeld? Is it hiding under those cuffs? Say it ain't so, Bey! Though at least Beyoncé, who made headlines for wearing her gold-band Apple Watch Edition (backwards, by the way; in what, let's all be honest, must be an under-the-table sponsorship we'll read about in a memoir 40 years from now), still Instagrams in it every once in a while. via Beyonce.com You can view this in two ways, and neither bodes well for the Watch. Waning celebrity support could mark a cooling cool factor. Not because there's anything wrong with the Watch, but because Apple is not immune to fashion's whim–and fashion's whim is a lot faster than your two-year iPhone upgrade cycle. Maybe the Apple Watch had a moment of limelight, but now seems, if not tacky, at least pedestrian. And let's ignore the challenge of auguring Yoncé's daily technology and fashion choices solely from images on a highly curated Instagram feed. So she doesn't wear the same watch every day; she's a fashionista who changes her look on a daily basis. When does she wear it? A nice watch for a normal, non-celebrity fits somewhere between a wedding ring and your go-to black leather shoes. You'll wear it a lot, but not all the time.
advertisement
But the Apple Watch isn't just another piece of jewelry. If you don't wear a Rolex every day, it's not a big deal. If you don't wear an Apple Watch every day, how is it ever going to become an integral part of how you pay for things, identify yourself, and check your emails? For the Apple Watch to replace the functionality of our phones, even in part, it has to be worn all the time. And it's looking like—at least according to my highly scientific celebrity Instagram analysis, cross-indexed with the upturned noses of many of my otherwise perfectly gadget-prone friends—Apple Watch just doesn't fit into every context. (And we're talking about gifted $17,000+ version here, which at least brings the cachet of excess. The entry-level models may be more innocuous, but they're still smartwatches, and smartwatches are still Segways for your wrist.) Apple Is Still Thinking In ID, Not UX All of this culminates to the Apple Watch's fundamental flaw: it's a myopic masterpiece of industrial design, with microchips under curved glass held firm by Velcro-elegant magnetic clasps, so focused on fit and finish that it forgot about the software experience. And it's the software experience that, ironically, could solve the disappointing UX, along with the stale problem of wearing the same old watch every day. Look at the Apple Watch page and you'll see the pornographic macros of the digital crown and woven metal band; yet ultimately, the Apple Watch hardware you purchase has just one look. Software barely shapes its aesthetic. Apple hasn't even opened up digital watch faces to third party developers, and even if they do, they won't stop the watch hardware from looking like a dead screen that's too afraid to fire up its own battery, lest it die. The Apple Watch is so focused on fit and finish, it forgot about the software experience. The Apple Watch is flopping because it's very well executed, but not very well designed. In terms of utility, it's hard to use, and not solving meaningful problems. In terms of fashion, it's a piece of technology that inherently falls short of timelessness, and yet doesn't keep up with fast fashion, either.
advertisement
I'm not sure that the Apple Watch needs to rectify all of these problems to be a monster hit, but it certainly needs to solve one of them. Until then, the Apple Watch still “isn't for everyone.” And apparently not as many someones as had been expected. See Fast Company's Noah Robischon and Mark Wilson discuss the Apple Watch failures:
Apple's upcoming iPhone 4S will be a reminder that CPU clock speed isn't everything.
Even though the iPhone 4S runs the same dual-core A5 CPU as the iPad 2, Apple has apparently reduced the chip's speed from 1 gigahertz to around 800MHz, reports Anandtech. But that doesn't stop the iPhone 4S from blazing past all other phones — many of which have CPUs well over 1GHz — in benchmark tests.
In the SunSpider Javascript benchmark, the iPhone 4S is almost twice as fast as the iPhone 4, achieving a score of 2222ms vs 3921ms (lower is better). It's only bested by the Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9. The iPhone 4S trounces all others in the Rightware BrowserMark test, achieving a score of 89,567, while the Samsung Galaxy S II only hits 55,144. Compared to the iPhone 4, the Geekbench test found that the iPhone 4S is just about twice as fast.
Just as it did with the iPhone 4, which runs a slower A4 processor than the original iPad, Apple likely reduced the CPU's speed to conserve battery life.
And as Anandtech writes, there are plenty of other benefits:
A lower clock not only means higher yields from the factory, but likely a lower operating voltage as well. Dropping a CPU's core voltage, yields a greater-than-linear decrease in power consumption, making the marginal loss in clock speed a good choice. At a lower operating frequency than its Android competitors, Apple does have to exploit its strengths in software to avoid any tangible performance penalties. Apple has traditionally done this very well in the past, so I don't expect the loss of frequency to be a huge deal to the few who do cross-shop iOS and Android.
When it comes to gaming, the iPhone 4S is no slouch either, achieving FPS speeds twice as fast as Samsung's Galaxy S II.
Overall, while the iPhone 4S may appear to be just a slight upgrade over the iPhone 4, its new A5 chip makes it a different beast entirely.
Quarterly Planning – What You Need to Know to Be Successful
A reader has asked some great questions about quarterly planning. How does 90 day planning work at a high level, and what habits are needed to make it successful?
Today, I'll dive into the benefits of planning 13 weeks at a time. You will also learn how the popular quarterly planning methods are all composed of five phases. And finally, I will get into some specifics about how to use your plan to make daily decisions.
Before I started doing any planning and goal setting, I was drifting around, letting others decide my priorities. Even after accomplishing a massive number of tasks, it was never satisfying and never done. That's because I was mainly doing what mattered to other people, especially at work. It was never done because success wasn't defined concretely.
I tried New Year's resolutions and yearly goal setting. It started with big ambitions. By March I had forgotten my resolutions, and by July, I felt like a failure.
There ARE ways to set annual goals and break them down into manageable chunks, and I tried that, too. The problem I encountered was that the planning process felt onerous and inflexible. How are we supposed to know where we'll be in a year?
Based on my testing of different planning methods, I've settled on planning in 13-week blocks. That's 12 weeks to reach a goal and one week of rest and recovery.
What's So Special About Quarterly Planning?
The benefit of quarterly planning is that you get to make goals you will be proud of and then step through the process to accomplish them. Examples of things I've accomplished using quarterly goals: relaunch a website, increase income by a specific amount per month, and set up outsourcing for my most time-consuming business task.
The reason most cited for doing planning on a quarterly basis is that the 90-day time horizon is ideal for setting appropriately sized goals. We overestimate what we can accomplish in a short time frame like a day or week, and we underestimate what we can do in a long time-frame, like a year.
The practical benefit of the quarter time horizon is that it's an approachable segment of time for setting up goals. A quarter is easy to break into smaller chunks – 3 months and 12-13 weeks, where you can set up milestones to stay on track. Because of the time frame, and the weekly milestones, it gives you an advantage against procrastination.
Quarterly planning has the major advantage over yearly planning in that you set achievable goals and celebrate wins along the way. That keeps you on track and motivated.
Plans change, too. If I stayed on track with what I planned at the beginning of last year, I wouldn't be writing this right now. Quarterly planning gives you the freedom to change course at regular checkpoints.
Also, don't underestimate the power of identifying what's important to you and writing it down. People who write down their goals are more likely to achieve them.
Quarterly Planning for Business and Personal Goals
My introduction to 90 day planning was when I started a new job a few years ago. It was a new role for the company, and it was important to establish it carefully. I borrowed a 30-60-90 day plan template from a friend who had been to business school and was in a similar job role.
The best part? It clearly set out what I could do in the first 90 days to show my value immediately. AND it communicated that plan to my boss and the company, so everyone knew what to expect. A manager of another department liked the plan so much, he required that his new employees create their own 30-60-90 day plans.
Because of that plan, I accomplished what I set out to do and established important business relationships along the way.
So, quarterly planning works for business goals. What about personal goals?
Any goal can be appropriate for quarterly planning as long as you can define success criteria and can break the goal down into milestones. Exercising, weight loss, getting involved in volunteer work – all of these activities work with the quarterly planning framework.
The 5 Phases of Quarterly Planning
All the quarterly planning methods I've researched have five phases in common. The first phase happens once at the beginning, and you can revise it annually or when big changes occur. The repeating quarterly process is to cycle through the second through fifth phases every quarter.
Phase 1: Define your vision. Think about and write down an overarching theme or direction, based on your values. There are many right ways to do this. The important thing is that you're looking far into the future and at what you truly value in the long term. Without this, you could end up pursuing goals that won't make you happy.
Phase 2: Situational awareness. Assess where you are in your life or work. Review what has been done in the past quarter. Identify your current pain points.
Phase 3: Goal definition. Brainstorm your goal ideas. Ask yourself, Where do I want to be in 90 days? Refine the goal and write it down. Write down why it's important to you to achieve that goal.
Phase 4: Break goals down into pieces that can be accomplished. This is usually daily actions and/or weekly and monthly milestones.
Phase 5: Execute and monitor progress. Maintain accountability and track progress to see if adjustments are needed. Celebrate wins along the way.
How Long Does the Planning Process Take?
The quarterly planning process can take as little as a day or as much as a few hours a day spread over a week.
You definitely don't want to rush this process. Having well-constructed milestones is critical to your success.
Even though it's sometimes called quarterly planning, you can start anytime during the year. Just define the start and end dates that work for your situation.
Using Your Plan to Make Day-to-Day Decisions
Having a plan helps you make the right choices on a daily basis. When competing priorities arise, you can turn back to your plan and remind yourself why you committed to it. That's why it's so important to write down your plan and the reasons why you want to stick to it.
When a question of priorities comes up, look back at your goal, read your reason why, and decide to do the thing that moves you toward your goal. Then ignore what competes with your goal.
When a task seems urgent, stop and ask what will happen if you don't do it today. Probably nothing will happen. If it must be done this week but not today, then schedule it for tomorrow. Complete your own plan for the day before working on other people's priorities.
You know what else helps me? Keeping a “not to do” list. For me, that's a specific list, kept with my plan. Tempting activities that don't move me closer to my stated goal go on that list. When I start thinking I should really be working on something that's not related to my goal, my “not to do” list keeps me on track.
Habits to Cultivate for Sustained Change
You will need to commit to a few habits to maintain the quarterly planning system.
When you plan your most important tasks for the day, include one that will move you toward your goal. Do that action first, or schedule it on your calendar.
Notice when an obligation competes with your goal. When you notice that happening, stop and refer back to your plan.
Review your plan at the beginning of every week, and ideally as soon as you sit down to work each day. I find it helpful to post a summary over my desk or in a planner. The full goal and milestones should be kept where you'll refer to it easily and often. A note keeping system like Evernote works well for this.
Keep records for personal accountability and measuring your progress. A visual record of your progress will motivate you and keep you accountable to yourself. It becomes clear whether you worked on your goal. Wall calendars and habit trackers are two ways that work.
Review your progress each month and at the end of the 3 month period. Record your findings and use them to improve your process during the next period.
Take a week off at the end to rest. This can be hard if you're very driven, but it's an essential part of the process. Taking a break from goal seeking gives you the mental space to step back and think about where you want to go next.
Where to Start with 90 Day Planning
I believe in starting small and racking up some wins. Start with a single goal and a simple process. Build on that each quarter as you see increasing success.
For a guided process to start, I recommend using a goal journal. It will walk you through every step of creating a goal. It then helps you break it down into actions you can do weekly to get there. I've used the SELF Journal, and in my review I list a few similar ones. Pick the one that you connect with and will follow through.
You don't need to read about all the different quarterly planning systems. They all have the same basic elements. The important thing is to pick one and start!
There's nothing compassionate about the left.
Somewhere out there is a little boy who saw this on TV and thought his father had actually been beheaded.
Did Sasha and Malia ever turn on the TV and see their father decapitated? Did Chelsea? Bush II was roundly hated by the left, but even his daughters never witnessed such a horrifying display.
And this message hasn't gone out to just Trump and his son, but to everyone who voted for Trump–all of his fans, the people who cheered at his rallies or bought his hats–that the Left hates them and wants them to die.
No “side” is perfect. In a nation of 320 million people, you will find bad people on both sides. But the bulk of the political violence in the past year, the running down of people in the street, beating them with crowbars or smashing their cars, has been committed by leftists against Trump supporters.
Meanwhile they scream about “authoritarians” and how Trump is, somehow, going to cause the deaths of thousands of POCs.
And what has Trump actually done so far? Saved a few jobs; deported some people who were living here illegally; withdrawn from a treaty that, let's face it, most of us knew nothing about two months ago? The wall has not gone up (technically, there already IS a wall on much of the border, where there isn't a river.) He hasn't even tried to stop immigration from all Muslim countries (only the 6 countries Obama previously banned immigration from.) He took sides in Syria against the Russians, bombed Assad, and sold millions of dollars in weapons to the Saudis.
I can see why the right might be kind of pissed about all of this, but what does the left have to kvetch about?
The outrage has never been about what Trump actually does or actually says.
It never is.
It's about the idea of “America First.” The idea of “Make America Great Again.”
Trump's America might be multicultural. It might embrace gays and straights, blacks and whites, Atheists and Muslims. It might be the best thing for Americans of all stripes.
But to the left, “America” is a white nation. America's greatness was white greatness, and whiteness must be destroyed. This is the only way to wash away our original sin, racism.
I shall leave you with a quote from Harvard Magazine: Abolish the White Race:
John and I decided that it was time to launch a journal to document that civil war. The result was Race Traitor, whose first issue appeared in the fall of 1992 with the slogan “Treason to whiteness is loyalty to humanity” on its cover. … The goal of abolishing the white race is on its face so desirable that some may find it hard to believe that it could incur any opposition other than from committed white supremacists. Of course we expected bewilderment from people who still think of race as biology. … Our standard response is to draw an analogy with anti-royalism: to oppose monarchy does not mean killing the king; it means getting rid of crowns, thrones, royal titles, etc. … Every group within white America has at one time or another advanced its particular and narrowly defined interests at the expense of black people as a race. That applies to labor unionists, ethnic groups, college students, schoolteachers, taxpayers, and white women. Race Traitor will not abandon its focus on whiteness, no matter how vehement the pleas and how virtuously oppressed those doing the pleading. The editors meant it when they replied to a reader, “Make no mistake about it: we intend to keep bashing the dead white males, and the live ones, and the females too, until the social construct known as ‘the white race' is destroyed—not ‘deconstructed' but destroyed.”
Of course, what starts as revolution does, in fact, end with dead monarchs, as Louis XVI and poor little Alexei know all too well. But perhaps Noel Ignatiev is ignorant of Russian and French history–that would require knowing something about the history of white-on-white political violence, and for the people who benefit from that violence, it mysteriously doesn't exist.
Advertisements
Say hello to the Walther PPQ M2 5″, 15 Round Semi Auto Handguns, 9mm! Chambered in 9mm and holds 15 rounds in it's detachable magazine, this Walther Arms PPQ M2 5″ is designed with a piactinny rail, three dot sights, ambidextrous magazine release, and an ambidextrous slide stop. The Walther M2 PPQ is built with a 5″ barrel, polymer fame, black finish, striker fire/quick defense trigger, and a tenifer coated slide. The Walther PPQ M2 5″, 15 Round Semi Auto Handguns, 9mm includes three safeties — two drop safeties and firing pin block. WALTHER ARMS LEGENDARY LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY
By proceeding with a transaction to purchase any restricted item, the Customer certifies that (1) the Customer has reviewed all United States federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations related to the use, possession, purchase and/or ownership of the restricted item(s); (2) the Customer is legally permitted to use, possess, purchase and/or own the restricted item(s); (3) the Customer does not intend to transfer the item(s) contrary to the United States federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations; (4) the item(s) will be used for lawful purposes only, and the Customer is not associated with any criminal group or criminal enterprise; (5) the Customer is at least 21 years of age, or of the appropriate legal age for an item according to applicable federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations; and (6) the Customer has read and understands the Terms of Service and Export Policy; and (7) if applicable, Customer understands and agrees to restrictions on the return of certain regulated products.
Shoot Straight makes its best effort to ensure that it remains current on all laws and regulations as applicable. Please be aware that United States federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations are complex and are subject to change. Therefore, any summaries of such laws and regulations provided by Shoot Straight at any time can, never, and will never serve as legal advice or counseling in any way. If you have any questions about any law or regulation, Shoot Straight advises you to consult with an attorney who will represent your interests. It is ultimately the Customer's responsibility to investigate and ensure that any item is legal to use, carry, possess, purchase and/or own within the Customer's intended federal, state and/or local area.
The NHLPA has released a list of players who have filed for salary arbitration and Dan Carcillo is the lone Flyer on that list. The Flyers can still elect to head to salary arbitration with their other restricted free agents, David Laliberte, Matt Clackson and Darroll Powe, before a deadline set for Tuesday at 5 PM ET.
Meanwhile, Carcillo and the Flyers will meet at some point between July 20 and August 4 to hash out their differences.
What does this mean, exactly, for Carcillo's future in orange and black? Well, essentially, filing for arbitration is just Carcillo acting on his rights. It doesn't necessarily mean the two sides will get to that point, but it does mean that Carcillo wasn't happy with the qualifying offer he received from the club back on June 28.
We also know that qualifying offer was at least $984,375, or a 105% raise from his 2009/10 salary of $937,500 (I'm open to a math whiz checking that, by the way). So, essentially, Carcillo's filing for arbitration today means that he thinks he's worth more than $984,375 next season.
Will the two sides get to arbitration? They can still negotiate up until the date of the hearing, but should arbitration be necessary, it'll likely be a mess. Here's how the process works.
Before anything begins, the Flyers have the right to decide whether or not Carcillo gets a two-year deal or a one-year deal at the end of the proceedings. Clubs typically elect to go with one-year deals here.
Each side gets 90 minutes to deliver their arguments. First, Carcillo, his representatives and the NHLPA will provide their case as to why he deserves more money. Then, the Flyers and their representatives will provide the counter-argument: essentially, everything bad about Dan Carcillo.
Each side then gets an opportunity to argue a rebuttal and deliver a closing argument. Again, each side gets 90 minutes, used as they see fit, to do all of that. After, Carcillo may get a chance to deliver a 10 minute surrebuttal, depending on
Arbitration hearings are never joyous occasions, and it's common for bad blood to come out of them. You think a guy like Carcillo will be happy about a Flyers representative laying out on a table every reason why he deserves less money? Then again, Carbomb did elect to this process.
The arbitrator has 48 hours to make a decision. They decide the salary and they provide justification for their decision. Carcillo must accept this decision if he wishes to play in the NHL next season. This is a little fuzzy, but we believe the Flyers must accept the ruling if it's below a number somewhere between $1.3 and $1.6 million. Read below in the comments for an explanation on that.
On the other hand, should the ruling exceed this set number, whatever it may be, the Flyers do not have to approve the decision. Should they reject the arbitrator's decision in this situation, Carcillo will hit the open market as an unrestricted free agent.
Obviously, should the Flyers accept or be forced by rule to accept, Carcillo is a Flyer again. But the bad blood that is sure to be created in this grueling process will leave doubt that the two sides can come to an agreement when necessary again in the future.
A BRITISH child prodigy has become the world's youngest orchestra conductor at 11.
Matthew Smith conducted the Nottingham Symphony Orchestra (NSO) on Sunday as they played Johann Strauss's operetta Die Fledermaus.
SWNS:South West News Service 14 Matthew Smith has become the world's youngest orchestra conductor at just 11-years-old
The primary school pupil had the 1,300-strong audience in raptures after leading the 75-strong orchestra.
He said: “I'm now asked for my autograph as I walk to school.”
The Nottingham lad's debut in the charity concert was watched by proud mum Beverly, 40.
SWNS:South West News Service 14 The 11-year-old school boy also plays the violin, drums, piano, guitar and viola
SWNS:South West News Service 14 He was discovered at seven-years-old by NSO conductor Derek Williams
SWNS:South West News Service 14 Matthew's mum felt 'quite nervous' for him because he is so young
She said: "I was quite nervous for him because he is 11-years-old and he is young.
"I just want him to enjoy the experience, I am very proud of him."
SWNS:South West News Service 14 Sunday's concert made Matthew the world's youngest conductor
SWNS:South West News Service 14 He was watched by an audience of 1,300 and his proud mum, Beverlyn
SWNS:South West News Service 14 The Nottingham Symphony Orchestra played Johann Strauss' operetta Die Fledermaus
MOST READ IN NEWS SOAP BOSS PAEDO RAP Former Corrie director 'asked 13-year-old girl to send explicit images' JIHAD-SIDE MANNER Brit ISIS doc who treated fanatics begs to bring back jihadi bride & kids DO IT MAY WAY Theresa May calls on MPs to 'do your duty' and vote through her Brexit deal KILLERS IN SIGHT Crooks monitored by private probation firms kill 225 in just four years UK WEATHER FORECAST Sunny for most with very mild temperatures after any early fog clears RACIST TIRADE Debenhams customer told worker 'go back to your country, you f*****g Muslim'
SWNS:South West News Service 14 Matthew conducted the Nottingham Symphony Orchestra as they performed Die Fledermaus at the Royal Concert Hall in Nottingham
SWNS:South West News Service 14 He beat the record of 14-year-old Jose Angel Salazar
SWNS:South West News Service 14 Matthew also enjoys maths and football but admits he will carry on doing music
Matthew was discovered at seven by NSO conductor Derek Williams, who became his mentor.
Mr Williams said Matthew has "an inherent natural ability the like of which I have not seen for 30 years."
He beat the record of Jose Angel Salazar, 14, who conducted in his native Venezuela in 2012.
SWNS:South West News Service 14 The school boy led the 75-strong orchestra through the nine-minute piece entirely from memory
SWNS:South West News Service 14 The performance was part of a charity concert
SWNS:South West News Service 14 Matthew is sure he will conduct again one day
SWNS:South West News Service 14 He led the orchestra through the nine-minute piece entirely from memory
A Grade 5 standard violinist, Matthew also plays the guitar, drums, piano and viola.
Speaking before he took to the stage, the talented school boy said: "I don't know if conducting will be my future but I will carry on doing music.
"I know one day I will conduct again."
I've always been intrigued by Yamaha's MT-01 V-twin “muscle bike”. Back in 2008 I got really excited when they released shots of the Yamaha MT-0S concept which sadly never went into production. While Yamaha's MT-01 in stock form is by no means an ugly motorcycle I often thought it would make a great base for a kick ass custom…thankfully I wasn't the only one. This is the Barbarian, a custom Yamaha MT-01 by Shaun Wainford, a talented engineer and self taught CNC master.
Shaun was looking for a project to showcase his skills in 3D modeling and CNC machining when he stumbled across a written off MT-01 motorcycle. The bike had been involved in a serious crash which meant everything had to be scrapped apart from it's lightly damaged V-twin motor. Once Shaun had the Barbarian laid out in 3D he separated out all of the components that he could build using his CNC mill. The wheels, yokes, handlebars, brakes, foot pegs, swing arm, tail section, levers and integrated exhaust were all milled out of aircraft grade aluminium on his own CNC setup.
Shaun wanted a bike that would appeal to chopper riders, classic bike lovers and even the street fighter crew so he designed a front end which allows up to 10 degrees of adjustable rake. The rear end also uses a custom made air suspension unit that sits in the bikes underbelly to give it a cleaner back end. The frame is also a custom design which Shaun fabricated himself, bending and welding the tubes by hand (he's a bloody custom builder Jedi!). For the unique exhaust a technique called Lobster backing was used which involved cutting the pipes in to sections and welding them back together to form the bends. Then just to show his skills don't end there, Shaun hammered out the pieces of the tank by hand before welding them together and mounting it snug in the frame.
All up the Barbarian weighs in at 235kg which sounds like a lot but is actually 30kgs lighter than stock and just incase anyone wants to criticise it's weight a set of high compression pistons and a reworked cam, head and upgraded ECU push performance numbers well above the stock figure of 89bhp. Over 1500hrs of work went into building the Barbarian and it's easy to see why. If you visit Shauns website you will be able able to see more of the build process which reveals just how intricate the detail that went in to this build is.
S.W Engineering Services
It appears that the negotiations between Sony and Microsoft have ended up successfully and the Japanese company will indeed be joining the list of Windows Phone hardware manufacturers. Microsofts Windows Phone director Greg Sullivan has confirmed that Sony will be releasing its own WP smartphone in 2014.
Better yet, the device is said to hit the market by the middle of the year, so we wont even have to wait that long to see it. The new Sony smartphone will be carrying the Vaio brand, which should help you tell that its running a different OS from the Xperia handsets. With the limited customization options provided by the Microsoft partners, the Vaio smartphone will be relying on the Sony proprietary services such as Music Unlimited and Video Unlimited to help it stand out in the crowd.
The news that Sony and Microsoft have reached an agreement comes as little surprise, given that the deal will obviously be beneficial to both company. Sony has already expressed its desire to add a second platform to its smartphone lineup and Windows Phone is the most obvious choice. Microsoft, on the other hand, is looking to expand the reach of its mobile OS and a major manufacturer such as Sony will definitely help. Not to mention that the two companies have quite the long history of partnership in both mobile (remember Windows Mobile?) and desktop platforms.
Update: Cnetnews has since retracted the story, so we guess the negotiations are still going. Hopefully it's just a delay rather than a signal that the two sides can't reach an agreement.
Source | Via
The Zenit St Petersburg forward Hulk has said he was the victim of racist abuse during his side's Russian Premier League encounter at Spartak Moscow on Saturday.
The 29-year-old Brazilian was seen blowing kisses towards the home fans in injury time and he later explained why he decided to make the gesture.
Russian football's ‘Miss Charming' contest winner deposed in neo-Nazi row Read more
“Unfortunately, the same things are happening - racism in the stands,” he said. “I won't pay any attention to this, as I have already talked about this.
“Therefore, I will continue to blow kisses and answer them with the way I play on the pitch. These things don't even deserve to be discussed.”
It is not the first time Hulk complained of racist abuse this year. In March, during a match with Torpedo Moscow he was racially abused by the home fans. The side from the Russian capital were sanctioned and made to play two matches behind closed doors.
Hulk has also said racist comments are made by fans at almost every match played in Russia and he feared racism could mar the 2018 World Cup finals in the country.
In the opening match of the 2015-16 championship in July, Ufa's Emmanuel Frimpong accused a section of the Spartak supporters of shouting racial abuse in his direction. The incident against the Ghanaian was investigated by the Russian Football Union (RFU) but they did not find any evidence to take action against the side.
Saturday's match ended in a 2-2 draw, with Hulk scoring one of the goals. It was his sixth goal of the season, which made him the leading scorer in the league. The club from St Petersburg are currently in third place and trail the leaders CSKA Moscow by eight points. Spartak are fourth in the table, a point behind Zenit.
Bitcoin has been hard for the average investor to wrap their head around.
Most people understand that if you own a stock in a company that does well, the value of your share rises, or that when the stock market dives, you can take refuge in bonds.
Much less clear are the value of the digital asset bitcoin — which was created out of thin air by computer software in January 2009 — how it should function in a portfolio, or if it should be there at all.
But that hasn't stopped about seven million people worldwide from investing in it so far. While they may represent only 1% of current equity investors, they've helped propel its price from nothing to $535, pushed its daily trading volume to $1 billion a day and brought its market capitalization to $8.4 billion.
Similarly, a new digital currency created last July, ether, has already reached a $1.1 billion market cap and spawned a related digital asset called a DAO token that investors accepted in return for putting money into the most lucrative crowdfunding project ever, which raised $168 million worth of ether.
A new white paper provides the analysis that would help explain these jaw-dropping phenomena and argues persuasively that Bitcoin (and by extension, other similar digital assets) represents the emergence of a new asset class, and one that should seriously be considered as a diversifier for investment portfolios.
“Bitcoin is consistently the lowest correlated asset to other traditional asset classes,” says Chris Burniske, blockchain analyst at ARK Investment Management, the first public fund manager to invest in Bitcoin, and co-author of the paper, “Bitcoin: Ringing the Bell for a New Asset Class.”
“If an investor who holds bonds and equities swapped a percentage of their prior holdings into bitcoin, because of bitcoin's low correlation and superior absolute performance, they could have decreased the volatility of the portfolio while simultaneously increasing absolute returns,” says Burniske. “That's the golden bullet of an asset class.”
The impetus for the paper came from growing institutional and investor interest in Bitcoin, says co-author, Adam White, vice president of business development and strategy at Coinbase, arguably the first professional, venture-backed Bitcoin startup and to this day, still one of the most well-funded. Demand for digital currencies even recently prompted Coinbase to rebrand its institutional trading platform from Coinbase Exchange to Global Digital Asset Exchange (GDAX), and add the trading of ether to and from U.S. dollars and bitcoin.
“It's time for investors to take a serious look at bitcoin and other digital currencies and see how they may want to include that as a small part of their portfolio,” says White. “What stymies a lot of that is that investors don't understand the technology behind Bitcoin … I use the analogy that I don't understand how the Internet works, but I see how it provides a net benefit to society and thereby has value. Bitcoin is very similar. There's a finite amount of bitcoin that will be created and by owning a small piece of that, you own a portion of this technology that allows you to access the benefits,” which he lists as global payments, micro-transactions, data registry and more.
“Once investors start to understand why Bitcoin creates value to society and trades for roughly $500 per unit of bitcoin, then they can move to the stage of just analyzing this asset class from a purely technical standpoint and say, Does it make sense to add this to my portfolio? That's our effort in this paper,” says White. Given that at the end of 2015, U.S. households had more than $34.5 trillion in investable assets according to Cerulli Associates, more mainstream adoption of bitcoin as an investment could boost its price, trading volume and market cap by orders of magnitude.
The analysis examines bitcoin according to four characteristics that define asset classes: investability, politico-economic features, correlation of returns or price independence, and risk-reward profile. Burniske and White conclude not only that bitcoin is the first of its kind in a distinct asset class, but that the terms “cryptocurrency,” “virtual currency” or “digital currency” are misleading because they imply that such investments are a subset of the currency asset class. They propose other terms such as cryptomark, cryptobit, cryptostamp, ledgermark or consensobit. Additionally, they assert new terminology could help clarify currently disjointed regulations, in which the Commodity Future Trading Commission calls bitcoin a commodity; the Internal Revenue Service, property; and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission deciding its approach on a case by case basis.
“Bitcoin should not be considered a commodity like the CFTC currently labels it. It's not property as the IRS classifies it. It's a unique asset class we're just seeing emerge right now,” says White.
Burniske concurs: “While it's the first of its kind at its scale, it won't be the only one over the long term.”
1. Investability
The first lens through which the authors evaluate bitcoin is investability, posing the question, says White, “Can investors or individuals take capital and somehow have exposure to that asset class?” Their answer is yes, based on Bitcoin exchange trading volume averaging around $1 billion a day through the first quarter of 2016 and the fact that Bitcoin has roughly the same liquidity of the largest gold ETF (GLD) and three times that of Vanguard's REIT ETF (VNQ) even though GLD and VNQ store significantly more in assets — $34 billion and $56 billion, respectively. “In our opinion, equal or superior volume with a fraction of the assets under management underscores that bitcoin is punching significantly above its weight,” they write.
Burniske says this indicates bitcoin could “be a very liquid asset over time, which traders generally love,” adding that its accessibility around the world should drive more liquidity than assets siloed within borders, such as GLD, which only trades in the U.S. and Singapore.
The authors even project that “a larger percentage of the population may be inclined to hold a cryptocurrency than an equity in a publicly traded company.”
2. Politico-Economic Profile
Bitcoin is also distinguished from other major asset classes by its basis of value, governance and applications. What gives it value is the fact that it can facilitate all kinds of transactions, starting with the most basic one of enabling money in the form of bitcoin to be sent across the world near immediately, securely, transparently and at almost no cost. The authors write, “While a purely digital and consensus-based asset may seem foreign, it's no surprise that such an asset was born in an increasingly digital and socially networked world.”
“It's governed by a protocol run by a distributed network of computers,” says White. “That's in stark contrast to fiat currencies, which are dictated by government monetary policy. Bitcoin is really just math, code, run by individuals on their computers all over the world to ensure the credibility of it, and on the opposite end, you have fiat governed by a small group of individuals.” A look at the growth in the supply compared to gold and the U.S. monetary base shows in a glance how differently Bitcoin, which will be capped at 21 million bitcoins and whose release is halved every four years until the maximum number of bitcoins is reached, functions.
Its use cases are vastly different from other assets. “Self-executing contracts with bitcoin” — in which programs run on the network carry out the terms of a contract when certain conditions are met — “are a very real possibility, and we're just starting to see them come online through other similar cryptocurrency assets,” says White. “That idea of a self-executing contract doesn't exist in commodities or real estate.”
3. Correlation of Returns: Price Independence
The strongest argument for bitcoin's inclusion in a portfolio comes from how uncorrelated its price is to any other asset. The authors looked at the one-year rolling correlation of the S&P 500, U.S. bonds, bitcoin, gold, U.S. real estate, oil and emerging market currencies for the previous five years (based on the fact that bitcoin's value crept past $1 in early 2011). In the chart below, a correlation of 1 would mean that if one asset rises 5%, so does the other. A correlation of -1 implies that if asset A climbs 5%, asset B drops 5%.
“What was important to see to me was how closely bitcoin was bounded to zero because that shows zero correlation, meaning, the way bitcoin performs has nothing to do with how any other traditional asset performs,” says Burniske. “What I saw is bitcoin's maximum value correlation with the other traditional asset classes was below the minimum the traditional asset classes have with each other. So bitcoin is extremely tightly bounded around zero. It's the most unrelated to other price movements of any traditional asset class out there, and that's really important from a portfolio perspective.”
4. Risk-Reward Profiles
The risk-reward profile is best seen through a figure known as the Sharpe Ratio, which measures the amount of returns from a given asset per unit of risk taken. “You can have a really high-performing asset in terms of returns, but if it's super volatile, you can be getting fewer returns for the risk you're taking on,” says Burniske. “What you want to see are assets with high Sharpe ratios because that means you're getting better compensated for the risk you're taking on.” As seen in the chart below, for three of the five years examined, bitcoin had superior Sharpe ratios to all other asset classes.
Signs of Maturation
Bitcoin is still shedding its initial reputation as the currency of choice for online drug dealers or as a wildly volatile, speculative investment. More recently, it has behaved more similarly to other asset classes. For instance, its weekly volatility is now only a percentage point higher than oil's.
And despite its reputation as a speculative investment, although it is traded more than it was two years ago, proportionally, it is still used more often in transactions than trades compared to fiat currencies, mostly because conventional FX markets are so much more active.
Burniske and White also speculate that some gold bugs are turning to bitcoin. They note that in 2013, the price of gold fell only 25%, but the two largest gold ETFs depreciated by half — from $74.5 billion to $30 billion, and from $11.9 billion to $6.2 billion. “So it's safe to assume that a large chunk of this [assets under management] drop can be attributed to capital outflows,” the authors write. Meanwhile, bitcoin's AUM grew 60-fold.
Additionally, professional traders have entered the market. “Many of our largest traders are professionals who trade many times on technicals or algorithmically,” says White. “They watch the market, have their strategies and they'll apply those to bitcoin.”
What differentiates bitcoin is the large arbitrage opportunity. “A bitcoin is fungible. It's the same no matter where you have it or what exchange or what region of the world. A bitcoin is a bitcoin is a bitcoin,” says White. “And yet that bitcoin trades for sometimes very different prices, upwards of 3%, even 5%, across different exchanges. What we see are that traders that have access to different exchanges — ones in Asia, Europe or North America — will arbitrage that difference. They'll buy where the bitcoin is cheapest, move it to another exchange and sell it there for a profit.… But the vast majority of GDAX's trading volume come from a handful of its largest traders — those that trade almost certainly by API, programmatically. They're not clicking a buy and sell button. They're high frequency trading using scripting — computer code — to access our API.”
Aside from the launch of GDAX, Bitcoin has established its toehold on Wall Street in other ways. Since September 2013, Grayscale Investments has offered a traditional investment vehicle called the Bitcoin Investment Trust (GBTC), that offers investors exposure to the price movement of Bitcoin without requiring them to store actual bitcoins. One of the largest derivatives exchanges in the world, CME Group, announced in May that, in the fourth quarter of this year, it will launch both a Bitcoin reference rate and a real-time index.
"The CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate will be a more traditional once-a-day reference rate," says Sandra Ro, executive director and digitization lead. "Just like in the metals and FX markets, people need a price discovery mechanism -- that's our way of adding credibility to a nascent market."
"From my background, I'm a foreign exchange and metals person," she says. "The new asset class, that contains Bitcoin and ether, has attributes of both but it is neither one nor the other and isn't correlated to other asset classes. I've been banging on about it for a few years -- when I hear 'cryptocurrency,' I cringe at this point. It has some attributes of a currency, but it acts differently, and therefore, should be classified as a new asset class. Bitcoin and ether have potentially three uses: as an investment so people buy and hold and trade around it and hedge; then as digital value so you can use it as digital cash; and a third, as a transfer mechanism, so you can move along a digital rail."
In 2015, the prevailing narrative in financial services was that the technology behind Bitcoin, called blockchain, was revolutionary, but the currency not so much.
“We've seen peak hype cycle for ‘blockchain, not Bitcoin,'” says White. “The pendulum is swinging back to the value of open, distributed networks like Bitcoin…. In the early 90s, as the internet was coming online, if you had asked someone about Wikipedia, a global library or source of information, people wouldn't have been able to imagine creating that. If the internet had been closed and private and managed by large companies, I don't think they would have had the innovation or the ability to come up with those services on that technology. It was purely because the internet was open — anyone could innovate and build on top of it — that led us to creating such a valuable technology that we all rely on every day. I think we'll see the same happen with Bitcoin and Ethereum and emerging blockchains that we haven't even considered.”
Update, Thursday, June 2, 2016, 3pm: The article has been corrected to reflect that despite the fact that bitcoin's trading to transacting ratio (not transacting to trading ratio) has gone up, it still sees proportionally fewer trades than transactions when compared to fiat currencies.
The top-three finishing GTE-Pro teams and the winning GTE-Am team from the recent 24 Hours of Le Mans return to IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship competition in the Sahlen's Six Hours of The Glen, set for Sunday, July 3 at Watkins Glen.
IMSA today released a 42-car entry list for the event, which serves as Round 6 of the WeatherTech Championship and Round 3 of the Tequila Patrón North American Endurance Cup.
ENTRY LIST: Sahlen's Six Hours of The Glen
The six-hour race on the 3.4-mile circuit will be televised live on FS1, beginning at 10 a.m. ET.
Ford Chip Ganassi Racing headlines the GT Le Mans class entry with the Joey Hand and Dirk Mueller in the No. 66 Ford GT, the same car that won the GTE Pro class at Le Mans.
They will be joined by teammates Richard Westbrook and Ryan Briscoe, drivers of the No. 67 Ford GT, which finished third at Le Mans.
The Fords sandwiched the Risi Competizione Ferrari 488 GTE and drivers Giancarlo Fisichella and Toni Villander on the Le Mans podium. The Ferrari will carry No. 62 at The Glen.
Scuderia Corsa captured the GTE-Am class for Ferrari in the French classic. That team returns to Watkins Glen leading the GT Daytona standings with drivers Christina Nielsen and Alessandro Balzan, who hold an eight-point lead in the class co-driving the No. 63 Scuderia Corsa Ferrari 488 GT3. They will be joined at The Glen by Le Mans class winner Jeff Segal.
The lead Prototype class has a 10-car entry. Tequila Patrón ESM will be looking to continue its mastery of 2016 WeatherTech Championship endurance races, with Scott Sharp, Johannes van Overbeek and Pipo Derani driving the No. 2 Ligier JS P2 Honda that opened the year by winning both the Rolex 24 At Daytona and Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring.
They will be joined in the Honda camp by the No. 60 Michael Shank Racing Ligier Honda of Ozz Negri, John Pew and Olivier Pla.
Visit Florida Racing is seeking its third consecutive Sahlen's Six Hours victory with new drivers, with Ryan Dalziel and Marc Goossens now sharing the No. 90 Corvette DP.
The Prototype championship lead is currently shared by two teams, Jordan and Ricky Taylor in the No. 10 Wayne Taylor Racing Corvette DP and two-time defending champions Joao Barbosa and Christian Fittipaldi in the No. 5 Action Express Racing Corvette DP.
Completing the four-car Corvette entry is the No. 31 AXR entry of Eric Curran and Dane Cameron, who are currently third in the standings, four points behind the co-leaders, 151-147.
Rounding out the Prototype entry are two Mazda Prototypes, the No. 55 for Tristan Nunez, Jonathan Bomarito and Spencer Pigot, plus the No. 70 for Tom Long, Joel Miller and Ben Devlin; the No. 0 Panoz DeltaWing Coupe of Katherine Legge, Sean Rayhall and Gabby Chaves; and the No. 50 Highway to Help/Fifty Plus Racing Riley-BMW DP of Jim Pace, Dorsey Schroeder and Byron DeFoor.
GTLM features a 10-car entry, two each from Ford, Ferrari, Corvette, Porsche and BMW. In addition to the Risi Competizione entry, Scuderia Corsa will field the No. 68 Ferrari 488 GTE for Alessandro Pier Guidi and Daniel Serra.
Porsche will race the No. 911 Porsche 911 RSR for defending GTLM champion Patrick Pilet and Nick Tandy, joined by the No. 912 for Earl Bamber and Frederic Makowiecki.
Corvette Racing returns its two cars from Le Mans, the No. 3 Corvette C7.R for Antonio Garcia and Jan Magnussen, plus the No. 4 for class point leaders Oliver Gavin and Tommy Milner.
BMW Team RLL has a pair of BMW M6 GTLMs, the No. 25 for Bill Auberlen and Dirk Werner, and the No. 100 for John Edwards and Lucas Luhr.
Starworks Motorsport defends its PC victory at The Glen with Renger van der Zande and Alex Popow returning in the No. 8 Oreca FLM09.
The pair won at Detroit to take a three-point lead in the class. Mark Kvamme will share the second Starworks entry, the No. 88 Popcorn Sutton ORECA, with Sean Johnston and Maro Engel.
Robert Alon and Tom Kimber-Smith are second in the PC standings – three points back – and will be joined by Jose Gutierrez in the No. 52 PR1/Mathiasen Motorsports entry.
Two-time defending class champions Colin Braun and Jon Bennett return for CORE autosport, joined by entries from BAR 1 Motorsports, Performance Tech Motorsports and JDC-Miller Motorsports.
The GTD class has 15 entries – including the debut of Lamborghini in the Sahlen's Six Hours. Former Rochester-area resident Paul Miller has one of the four Huracán GT3s, the No. 48 Huracán GT3 for Madison Snow and 2015 Sahlen's Six Hour GTLM winner Bryan Sellers.
Change Racing has entered a pair of Lamborghinis, with Dream Racing completing the Lamborghini entry.
Dodge Viper, the 2015 winner at The Glen, has the No. 33 Dodge Viper GT3-R for Detroit winners Ben Keating and Jeroen Bleekemolen.
Porsche has a four-car GTD entry. Alex Job Racing fields the No. 22 Porsche GT3 R for Cooper MacNeil, Leh Keen and Gunnar Jeannette and the No. 23 Team Seattle/Heart of Racing Porsche for Mario Farnbacher, Alex Riberas and Ian James.
Also fielding new Porsche GT3 Rs are Park Place Racing, with the No. 73 for Patrick Lindsey, Joerg Bergmeister and Matt McMurry; and Black Swan Racing with the No. 540 driven by Timothy Pappas and Nicky Catsburg.
Audi is set with three cars, including two for Stevenson Motorsports and one for Magnus Racing, while Turner Motorsport campaigns a pair of BMW M6 GT3s.
Practice for the Sahlen's Six Hours of The Glen begins at 11:25 a.m. ET on Friday, July 1, with qualifying on Saturday at 3:40 p.m. ET. The full race will air live on FS1 beginning at 10 a.m. ET on July 3.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage has emerged showing the aftermath of clashes in Lashio
Buddhists and Muslims have have clashed for a second day in the northern Burmese town of Lashio.
Buddhist youths armed with sticks roamed the streets in search of Muslim residents to attack, state media say.
Police said at least one person died on Wednesday and Muslim-owned houses and businesses had been set alight.
The clashes were sparked a day earlier by rumours that a Muslim man had doused a Buddhist woman with fuel and set het alight at a petrol station.
Recent months have seen a number of clashes between Buddhist and Muslim communities in Burma.
Damaging religious buildings and creating religious riots is inappropriate for the democratic society we are trying to create Ye Htut, Presidential spokesman
Buildings torched
The violence in Lashio, the capital of Burma's north-eastern Shan state, has spread from western and central regions where tens of thousands of Muslims have been driven from their homes.
The unrest reportedly erupted on Tuesday evening after police refused to hand over to a crowd the man accused of setting the Buddhist woman alight.
Officials said mobs set fire to buildings, although the full extent of the unrest remained unclear.
The woman had been taken to hospital and the man was in police custody, reports said. The authorities imposed a curfew in the town on Tuesday night, according to residents.
The fresh outbreak of clashes on Wednesday came despite claims from the authorities that soldiers and police had restored calm.
Four people were wounded in fighting that began at about 14:00 local time (07:30 GMT), presidential spokesman Ye Htut said in a Facebook post.
One man was "hacked to death", he was reported as saying by the news agency AFP. Police fired guns to disperse rioters.
A Muslim orphanage and a mosque were thought to be among the buildings torched. The Associated Press said Buddhist monks were taking part in the unrest.
Many Buddhists and Muslims stayed locked inside their homes and shops were closed across the town.
"Damaging religious buildings and creating religious riots is inappropriate for the democratic society we are trying to create,'' Ye Htut said on Facebook.
"Any criminal act will be dealt with according to the law."
Wave of violence
In March, at least 43 people - mostly Muslims - died in violence that erupted after an argument at a Muslim-owned shop in the central town of Meiktila.
The owner of the shop and nine other Muslims were imprisoned last month for that outbreak of violence. As yet no Buddhists have been convicted over the Meiktila clashes.
Ethnic violence in Rakhine state last year left nearly 200 people dead and forced tens of thousands of people from their homes.
The conflict that erupted in Rakhine involved Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims, who are not recognised as Burmese citizens.
The communities remain largely segregated in the wake of the violence, with many displaced Rohingya Muslims living in tents or temporary camps.
Human rights groups have criticised Burmese authorities for being complicit in the persecution of the Rohingya.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's David Stern in Kiev: There are a lot of questions about this convoy
All the lorries from an unauthorised Russian aid convoy have now crossed back over the border from Ukraine.
The convoy returned from the eastern city of Luhansk, which is held by pro-Russian separatists. Kiev and Western officials fear the trucks may have had military equipment to help the rebels.
Russia said they had delivered generators, food and drink.
Meanwhile, Ukraine is to receive a 500m-euro (£400m) loan from Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel said in Kiev.
The money will be used to help rebuild the country's damaged infrastructure, Mrs Merkel said in a joint press conference with President Petro Poroschenko in the Ukrainian capital on Saturday.
A further 25m euros will go toward helping refugees, she said.
Four months of fighting in eastern Ukraine have left more than 2,000 people dead. More than 330,000 people have fled their homes.
The violence erupted when pro-Russian separatists in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions declared independence from Kiev, after Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula from Ukraine in March.
Ukraine accuses Russia of arming the rebels and sending Russian soldiers into eastern Ukraine - a claim denied by the Kremlin.
Analysis: David Stern, BBC News, Kiev
Image copyright EPA Image caption Chancellor Merkel has met Ukraine's President Poroshenko in a show of support for the Ukrainian government
The circumstances of Angela Merkel's visit to Ukraine have shifted dramatically in the last 24 hours. When it was first announced, days ago, it seemed to be building on the momentum of Ukrainian troops' apparently successful campaign against insurgent forces in the country's east.
Now, however, Moscow's unilateral decision on Friday to send in an aid convoy without Kiev's permission has raised the tensions, and the stakes, even further.
But the symbolic importance of Ms Merkel travelling to Kiev has not changed. She is said to be the European leader with whom Russian President Vladimir Putin shares the closest working relationship.
Her standing next to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko sends a clear message to Mr Putin, a week before the two men are due to meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk. However, whether this will make a difference is another question.
'Dangerous escalation'
Prior to her arrival in Kiev, Mrs Merkel described the Russian convoy's movement into Ukrainian territory as a "dangerous escalation".
Observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) said there was no information about what most of the convoy - of more than 200 vehicles - was carrying.
The head of the OSCE mission, Paul Picard, told the BBC that only the first 37 trucks had been inspected by the Red Cross before they set off into Russia.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Her trip to Kiev coincides with Ukraine's National Day
Image copyright AFP Image caption The fighting continues in and around Donetsk, the destination for Russia's aid convoys
Image copyright Reuters Image caption People in Avdiivka, in the Donetsk region, are having to collect water from a well because supplies have been cut in the fighting
The lorries had already been waiting at the border for a week, while Russia, the Ukrainian government and the Red Cross tried to come to an agreement on their passage.
The Russians said the convoy started moving because it could not wait any longer, owing to the worsening humanitarian situation in eastern Ukraine, which is held by pro-Russian separatists.
The White House and the Ukrainian government both described the deployment of the convoy as a flagrant violation of Ukraine's sovereignty.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption As Daniel Sandford reports, Russia says its patience ran out
In a phone call, US President Barack Obama and Mrs Merkel said the conflict had "continued to deteriorate" since a Malaysian airliner was downed last month over rebel-held territory, with the loss of all 298 people on board.
Ukraine called the Russian convoy a "direct invasion" of Ukraine.
Nato and the European Union have also criticised what they said was a violation of Ukraine's sovereignty.
Nato officials have accused Russia of building up troops on its border, saying significant numbers of Russian forces are operating within Ukraine, using artillery.
But speaking to the UN Security Council, Russia's UN ambassador Vitaly Churkin accused Western powers of distorting reality.
"Sometimes it reminded me of the kingdom of crooked mirrors because some members of the Council were not concerned about the fact hundreds of civilians are dying."
He said Russia had to act to save perishable goods and that he hoped the Red Cross would help distribute the aid.
"We waited long enough. And it was time to move, and this is what we did," he said.
October 2, 2014 5 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Be proud of yourself for continuing your education past traditional schooling. Learning, studying and investing in yourself doesn't stop when you become successful, that's when it really starts. The sooner you learn that all the skills you need to learn to thrive will occur after you leave the confines of educational conformity, the sooner you will succeed. Here are six game-changing ideas that you can't learn in the classroom.
1. A powerful “why.” Realize that no matter where you are right now, you can always take it up a notch. Are you really giving your all daily? Your possibilities are endless when you find compelling reasons. The goal is to create a "why'' so strong that it pulls you through any challenge, past all doubters and over even your own limitations. We're in an economy that now welcomes the entrepreneur. It's become easier to realize your ideal future. It just takes compelling reasons, clear intentions and the right guidance.
Related: The Smartest Long-Term Investment is You
2. Focus on strengths, delegate weaknesses. Anybody who tells you to focus on your weaknesses hasn't experienced consistent peak performance. The idols you and I respect, along with all well-known achievers, prospered by deliberately focusing on their strengths. If you're not sure what your strengths are, start asking people around you. Your strengths are where you get results and maybe isn't always what you love. The goal is to be so good at your strengths that it propels you to stand out. Everybody loves doing what they're good at, and your creativity will flourish if you love what you do. Focusing on too many things causes you to be average in many versus exceptional in a few.
3. Habits always trump inspiration. Inspiration is needed to create consistent action, but your habits are ultimately going to define your success or failure. It's been said that only 5 percent of the people at seminars and conferences actually use what they've learned. Why is that? Because inspiration is very short term. It feels good in the moment but doesn't last past the activity producing it.
In our Game Changers Academy we focus on shifting habits, gaining better perspective and interrupting bad thought patterns instead of just inspiration. The biggest inspiration of all is seeing progress and results, which comes from new habits. When you begin the formation of a new habit, stick to it and see the lasting change in your new-found life.
Related: How Making Employees Lifelong Learners Can Help Your Company Succeed
4. Mastery vs. information overload. Mastery is the highest form of accomplishment. The only way to become successful is to master the fundamentals and skills needed to reach your goals and dreams. We have so much information available to us, it's easy to become overwhelmed. When overwhelmed, we seek distractions.
Instead of reading 50 books this year, master and implement three. The immature learner wants to get as much information as they can as fast as they can, but you'll find them broke, stressed and lacking real progress. The mature mind is very deliberate with what they study. The achievers focus on listening to something until they've adopted it into their daily agenda, and seen their results improve. Jim Collins says it perfectly, “If you have more than three priorities, you don't have any.”
Make the list of what must you start saying no to.
5. The real education. Jim Rohn said “if you work hard on your job you can make a living, but if you work on yourself you can make a fortune.” Entrepreneurs understand, at a level most don't, that Rohn wasn't kidding. Investing in yourself is at the top of the list of ways to solidify an exceptional future, for nations as well as individuals. Apple said it bluntly "We shouldn't be criticized for using Chinese workers, the U.S. has stopped producing people with the skills we need."
Ouch! When I say develop yourself, grow and improve your skills, I don't mean school. Weird, but true, school sometimes distracts you from the things that actually matter in advancing your career and life. Warren Buffett said, “The best education you can get is investing in yourself, and that doesn't mean college or university.”
6. Create something meaningful. Few companies nowadays have a compelling story or vision. The companies that are attracting top-tier talent -- Google, Apple, Amazon, Tesla, Zappos -- have a mission bigger than themselves.
I challenge you to start a movement. What can you create that helps other people? I will tell you from experience, life becomes much more fulfilling when you become involved in a movement or a cause greater than yourself. A meaningful mission isn't optional anymore. Movements are thriving while well-put-together plans are failing left and right.
As long as you have strong enough reasons, there has never been a better time in the history of our economy to create your ideal life. Understand that the only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday. Get clear on exactly what you want this year. Figure out the type of person you need to be on an everyday basis to reach the goals you've set for yourself. Do everything you can to find a community of like-minded people to encourage you along the way. They are the ones who won't let you give up during the toughest of times.
Related: The 3 Percent Solution for Personal Development
The world's largest PC maker, Lenovo, now sells more smartphones than PCs. In an earnings report issued today, Lenovo revealed the swing to smartphones thanks to sales more than doubling between April and June. Lenovo sold 15.8 million smartphones in the recent quarter, compared to 14.5 million PC sales. Lenovo says its rise in smartphone sales can be attributed to the market shifting from premium handsets to the mainstream, and increasing demand from emerging markets.
Chinese smartphone makers like Lenovo and Huawei have been gradually eating away at Samsung's Galaxy sales thanks to a range of low-cost handsets. That explosive growth looks set to continue with the Motorola acquisition and as the demand from emerging markets increases, even as Samsung attempts to make its mid-range handsets more attractive with a metal design. Although Lenovo's smartphone sales are increasing, the small margins aren't contributing a huge amount to the company's revenues. Smartphones and tablets only made up 15 percent of Lenovo's overall revenue in the recent quarter, compared to a massive 78 percent for its laptop and PC sales. Smartphone shipments might be impressive, but the PC is still incredibly important at Lenovo.
NBA star Dwyane Wade is speaking out for the first time about a controversial tweet GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump wrote following the shooting death of his cousin in Chicago.
On Aug. 27, Trump tweeted, "Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!"
In an exclusive interview with “GMA” co-anchor George Stephanopoulos today, Wade said the tweet left him “conflicted,” adding that he didn't want his family to be used for political gain.
"I was grateful that it started a conversation but on the other hand, it just left a bad taste in my mouth because of what my family is dealing with and what our city of Chicago is dealing with and it looks like it's being used as political gain," Wade said.
Nykea Aldridge, Wade's first cousin, was fatally shot in Chicago on Aug. 26 as she was pushing a stroller in the city's Parkway Gardens neighborhood.
Dwyane Wade's Cousin Fatally Shot Pushing Baby Stroller in Chicago
Police said the 32-year-old mother-of-four was not the intended target. Two brothers described by police as known gang members have been arrested and charged with first-degree murder and attempted murder in Aldridge's death.
The GOP presidential nominee later tweeted his condolences to the family, writing "My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers."
Aldrige's death has highlighted the spate of gun violence in Chicago, the city where Wade was born.
Watch George Stephanopoulos' full interview with Dwyane Wade on “GMA” tomorrow from 7 to 9 a.m. ET.
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) — The parents of a severely autistic boy were arrested after investigators determined the 11-year-old had been kept in a large metal cage, possibly to control his violent outbursts, authorities said Wednesday.
The cage — similar to an extra-large dog kennel — was found in the home with a mattress and other bedding inside, Anaheim police Lt. Bob Dunn said. It was roughly 6 feet tall, 5 feet long and 3 or 4 feet wide with room to stand.
The boy was not inside, but family members gave police varying accounts of how long he had been kept in it, ranging from hours to days, Dunn said.
Advertisement
‘‘It appeared that as he grew older his episodes of violence and outbursts were increasing and perhaps the parents utilized the cage as a tool to modify that and to contain him when that was happening,'' he said.
Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
‘‘Obviously, putting your child in a locked cage, even if you're desperate for help, is not the best course of action,'' Dunn said, noting there are resources available for families in that kind of situation.
Officers went to the Anaheim home and arrested the parents Tuesday evening after an anonymous tipster called Orange County Child Protective Services.
The boy's parents were arrested on suspicion of felony child endangerment and false imprisonment.
The child was well-nourished and appeared otherwise healthy and his two siblings, ages 8 and 10, were also unharmed. They were all placed in protective custody, Dunn said.
Advertisement
The parents speak limited English, and investigators were using translators to sort out details in the case.
Other relatives live in the home, and one room was rented to another family with children.
It wasn't immediately known if the boy's parents had an attorney. They had not made a court appearance and had not yet been formally charged.
An arraignment will occur within the next two days if prosecutors take the case, Dunn said.
There have been other instances of parents confining their children to deal with behavioral problems.
Advertisement
Last year, a mother in Orange County was arrested for chaining up her child while she was at work because he had been hanging out with a gang and she had no one to watch him in the evenings. Prosecutors dropped charges against her last month.
Two years ago, a California school district placed a special needs teacher on leave while it investigated a mother's claim that her 10-year-old autistic son was put in a cardboard box during class.
The use of boxes to control autistic children has caused flaps at schools around the nation in recent years, from West Virginia to Wisconsin to Washington.
Bishop McDevitt (Harrisburg, Pa.) defensive end Noah Spence is considered one of the top recruits in the country. He has his choice of schools, but Penn State, rocked by sex abuse charges against former assistant Jerry Sandusky, may no longer be one of them.
Spence tweeted Monday afternoon that: "Um, psu might be a no no for me ewwww," followed by "I kind of just dnt want to be part of that"
Scout.com national recruiting analyst Bob Lichtenfels said that it may take a while to see how the scandal affects recruiting for the Nittany Lions football team.
"This is a drastic situation, but you still have to let the legal situation play out. It really is too soon to know the effect from the kids we've spoken to. If Paterno is forced to step down, it then will depend on who is brought in. If they bring in Urban Meyer, that could help Penn State's recruiting. Most of the kids will take a wait-and-see approach. Recruiting comes down to relationships and these coaches have had relationships with the coaches who are recruiting them for two years or more. If I was a prospective kid, and (Penn State assistant coach) Mike McQueary was recruiting me, my question would be, why didn't you do something at the time."
"This is a drastic situation, but you still have to let the legal situation play out. It really is too soon to know the effect from the kids we've spoken to," he said. "If Paterno is forced to step down, it then will depend on who is brought in. If they bring in Urban Meyer, that could help Penn State's recruiting."
"Most of the kids will take a wait-and-see approach. Recruiting comes down to relationships and these coaches have had relationships with the coaches who are recruiting them for two years or more. If I was a prospective kid, and (Penn State assistant coach) Mike McQueary was recruiting me, my question would be, why didn't you do something at the time?"
Rivals.com national recruiting analyst Mike Farrell believes the scandal will likely be the end of Joe Paterno's reign, but a new big-name coach with a wholly new staff could still recruit at Penn State.
"This is different from the other scandals in a lot of ways," Farrell said. "For the players who haven't committed, but had Penn State on their list, there's an immediate drop in interest. (Old Tappan, N.J., player) Devin Fuller's father just texted me with his concerns about Penn State. This will be the last nail in the coffin for Penn State and will mean a new regime. With that, recruiting will eventually get back to normal.
"A few months ago, we were talking about the Miami scandal and now nobody is talking about it. Kids are still committing to Miami. But this one (Penn State) will last a while."
The Zero Escape series, which features the puzzle-based visual novels 999: Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors on the DS and Virtue's Last Reward on the 3DS and Vita, has always included the carrying of hope in desperate times as a theme. Series director Kotaro Uchikoshi is now finding himself trying to maintain a similar sense of hope as he tries to find a way to greenlight the next game in the continuing story.
Uchikoshi has created an English Twitter account to explain the situation to more fans. According to his tweets, while the series has its fans, the games have apparently not turned enough profit for funding sources — likely including previous Japanese publisher Spike Chunsoft — to invest in the third title:
433998278393217024
The director expresses regret to players anticipating the third game, saying he feels "ashamed of his own inadequacies," but he has not thrown in the towel. Crowdsourcing has been considered, and a call out to other potential investors has been made. Uchikoshi also believes creating a successful project outside of Zero Escape could turn the tide in his favour when proposing its continuation in the future.
Uchikoshi ultimately remains hopeful, saying he believes the game will "definitely be released somehow, someday!" Fans, in turn, have returned a great deal of their own hope and encouragement to the director:
434147533409882112
Do you want to see a conclusion to the saga of the Zero Escape series? Let us know below.
Immigrants to Quebec who want to send their children to daycare will soon have to find a French-language centre, says the province's family minister.
The measure will be part of legislation to be tabled this fall that is aimed at toughening Bill 101, Nicole Leger told The Canadian Press.
"Bill 101 is going to be changed," Ms. Leger said.
Story continues below advertisement
"I will have plenty of support as family minister to make sure it also extends to daycares."
Quebec has many types of child-care centres and it is not immediately clear whether the new legislation will apply to all of them.
Premier Pauline Marois has made it clear she intends to strengthen the French Language Charter, which actually falls under the purview of another cabinet minister, Diane De Courcy.
Another possible measure would force companies with between 11 and 50 employees to make French the official language of the workplace. Currently, that provision applies only to those with 50 or more workers.
The PQ has said it will take special aim at Montreal and the Outaouais region in western Quebec where the party believes French is under particular threat.
Bill 101 makes it compulsory for the children of most immigrants to attend French-language schools.
The Canadian Press
It was not supposed to play out this way. The bold Medicaid overhaul, part of a grand bargain with the state's most politically powerful health care players, has been promoted as a national model for curbing costs and reversing the incentives for fraud. It transferred tens of thousands of recipients of long-term care from a system in which providers billed Medicaid for each service to managed care, in which a capped monthly rate must cover all services to a company's enrollees.
With the largest Medicaid budget in the country, $54 billion, New York is trying not only to rein in runaway spending, but also to “rebalance” it, away from costly institutional care, like nursing homes and medical models known for overbilling, to inexpensive supports that keep people safely in their communities.
In that context, Jason Helgerson, the state's Medicaid chief, defended the rapid expansion of social-model adult day care, saying that without a chance to socialize and connect with others, Medicaid clients would suffer a decline in health that would add costs. But when a reporter described some of the practices observed at centers, he expressed surprise and anger.
“The idea that people are bicycling home from managed long-term care is a complete misnomer,” Mr. Helgerson said. “The idea that they're playing Ping-Pong — I guess they could be wheelchair-bound Ping-Pong players, but otherwise it's fraud and they are not eligible.”
Beneficiaries are supposed to be impaired enough to need at least 120 days of help with tasks like walking, bathing or taking medication. But managed care companies, not government agencies, are now mainly in charge of determining eligibility, typically by using nurses to assess each potential member.
“It is being gamed,” said an executive at a managed care company, speaking on the condition of anonymity. “There are just plums in the payment system. And the state will choose to be blind about this until something happens, which is what they did with nursing homes.”
Mr. Helgerson said it made sense to rely on the companies to police the eligibility, since they were the ones responsible for the care. “The plans are better positioned than us to stamp out fraud and abuse,” Mr. Helgerson said, adding that the office of the Medicaid inspector general would audit “on the back end.”
Yet another Baltimore Ravens off-season where Ozzie Newsome worked his magic with a delayed free agent signing. With the front office holding back after the initial free agent frenzy, they come up big with the right players for this team in 2017. Players like Tony Jefferson, Brandon Carr and Danny Woodhead will wear Ravens uniforms this season; also donning the purple & black, new acquisition, Jeremy Maclin.
Maclin might've been the biggest free agent signing the team made. Granted we won't find out for sure until the team hits the field, but you can make the argument. Today, the Ravens announced that Maclin will wear Breshad Perriman's old number, 18. Perriman's new number, 11, was previously worn by former Raven Kamar Aiken. Aiken now plays for the Indianapolis Colts.
WR Jeremy Maclin will wear No. 18 this year. pic.twitter.com/QNEFEPFa1X — Baltimore Ravens (@Ravens) June 14, 2017
Further confirmation from Maclin's first practice as a Raven.
That purple and black looks good on @jmac___19
pic.twitter.com/y2Sfmmpv3R — Baltimore Ravens (@Ravens) June 14, 2017
Maclin is officially here in Baltimore, and I'm sure there's going to be many No.18 Maclin jerseys in attendance at M&T Bank Stadium during the 2017 season.
WASHINGTON -- A trade association representing General Motors, Toyota Motor Corp., Volkswagen AG and nine other automakers on Tuesday asked new EPA chief Scott Pruitt to withdraw an Obama administration decision to lock in vehicle emission rules through 2025.
On Jan. 13, then-EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy finalized a determination that landmark fuel efficiency rules instituted by President Barack Obama should be finalized through 2025, a bid to maintain a key part of his administration's climate legacy.
Mitch Bainwol, CEO of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, said in a letter to Pruitt the decision was "the product of egregious procedural and substantive defects" and is "riddled with indefensible assumptions, inadequate analysis and a failure to engage with contrary evidence."
Automakers have argued that the rules could result in the loss of up to 1 million jobs because consumers could be less willing to buy the more fuel efficient vehicles since their engineering will result in higher price tags.
The EPA had until April 2018 to decide whether the 2025 standards were feasible but in November moved up its decision to Jan. 13, just before Obama left office.
EPA spokeswoman Julia Valentine said the agency is reviewing the letter and declined to comment further. Pruitt told a Senate panel earlier he will review the Obama administration's decision.
Bainwol's request follows a separate letter to President Donald Trump earlier this month from the chief executives of GM, Ford Motor Co. and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, along with the top North American executives at Toyota, VW, Honda Motor Co., Hyundai Motor Co., Nissan Motor Co. and others urging Trump to revisit the decision.
Automakers say the rules impose significant costs and are out of step with consumer preferences. Environmentalists say the rules are working, saving drivers thousands in fuel costs and should not be changed.
In 2011, Obama announced an agreement with automakers to raise fuel efficiency standards to 54.5 mpg. This, the administration said, would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs over the life of the vehicles but cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years.
The EPA said in July that because Americans were buying fewer cars and more light trucks, it estimated the fleet will average 50.8 mpg to 52.6 mpg in 2025.
McCarthy could not immediately be reached Tuesday but said in her determination in January the rules are "feasible, practical and appropriate" and in "the best interests of the auto industry."
21 Feb 21 February Average high -7.2° C 19.0° F Average low -17.3° C 0.9° F The Highest temperature (1939-2008) 6.0° C 42.8° F
1982 Lowest temperature (1939-2008) -36.7° C -34.1° F
1966 Greatest precipitation (1939-2008) 6.4 mm 0.25 inches
1980 Greatest rainfall (1939-2007) 0.3 mm 0.01 inches
1988 Greatest snowfall (1939-2007) 6.4 cm 2.52 inches
1980 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 88.0 cm 34.65 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 28 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
22 Feb 22 February Average high -6.9° C 19.6° F Average low -17.0° C 1.4° F The Highest temperature (1939-2008) 6.5° C 43.7° F
2000 Lowest temperature (1939-2008) -33.9° C -29.0° F
1965 Greatest precipitation (1939-2008) 10.4 mm 0.41 inches
1961 Greatest rainfall (1939-2007) 5.6 mm 0.22 inches
1996 Greatest snowfall (1939-2007) 10.2 cm 4.02 inches
1961 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 86.0 cm 33.86 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 28 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
23 Feb 23 February Average high -6.7° C 19.9° F Average low -16.8° C 1.8° F The Highest temperature (1939-2008) 7.5° C 45.5° F
1981 Lowest temperature (1939-2008) -33.5° C -28.3° F
2003 Greatest precipitation (1939-2008) 14.5 mm 0.57 inches
1948 Greatest rainfall (1939-2007) 7.6 mm 0.3 inches
1958 Greatest snowfall (1939-2007) 14.5 cm 5.71 inches
1948 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 85.0 cm 33.46 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 28 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
24 Feb 24 February Average high -6.5° C 20.3° F Average low -16.5° C 2.3° F The Highest temperature (1939-2008) 5.4° C 41.7° F
1998 Lowest temperature (1939-2008) -38.3° C -36.9° F
1950 Greatest precipitation (1939-2008) 11.5 mm 0.45 inches
1977 Greatest rainfall (1939-2007) 2.5 mm 0.1 inches
1951 Greatest snowfall (1939-2007) 11.5 cm 4.53 inches
1977 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 84.0 cm 33.07 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 28 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
25 Feb 25 February Average high -6.3° C 20.7° F Average low -16.3° C 2.7° F The Highest temperature (1939-2008) 11.7° C 53.1° F
1958 Lowest temperature (1939-2008) -34.4° C -29.9° F
1950 Greatest precipitation (1939-2008) 20.5 mm 0.81 inches
1998 Greatest rainfall (1939-2007) 20.0 mm 0.79 inches
2000 Greatest snowfall (1939-2007) 13.0 cm 5.12 inches
1987 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 84.0 cm 33.07 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 28 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
26 Feb 26 February Average high -6.1° C 21.0° F Average low -16.0° C 3.2° F The Highest temperature (1939-2008) 5.7° C 42.3° F
1999 Lowest temperature (1939-2008) -32.8° C -27.0° F
1962 Greatest precipitation (1939-2008) 11.5 mm 0.45 inches
1998 Greatest rainfall (1939-2007) 10.5 mm 0.41 inches
1998 Greatest snowfall (1939-2007) 7.0 cm 2.76 inches
1987 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 84.0 cm 33.07 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 28 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
27 Feb 27 February Average high -5.9° C 21.4° F Average low -15.8° C 3.6° F The Highest temperature (1939-2008) 4.8° C 40.6° F
1988 Lowest temperature (1939-2008) -37.8° C -36.0° F
1962 Greatest precipitation (1939-2008) 9.0 mm 0.35 inches
1998 Greatest rainfall (1939-2007) 1.9 mm 0.07 inches
1983 Greatest snowfall (1939-2007) 5.2 cm 2.05 inches
1998 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 84.0 cm 33.07 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 28 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
28 Feb 28 February Average high -5.7° C 21.7° F Average low -15.5° C 4.1° F The Highest temperature (1939-2008) 9.0° C 48.2° F
2000 Lowest temperature (1939-2008) -37.2° C -35.0° F
1962 Greatest precipitation (1939-2008) 9.6 mm 0.38 inches
1987 Greatest rainfall (1939-2007) 0.3 mm 0.01 inches
1941 Greatest snowfall (1939-2007) 10.4 cm 4.09 inches
1987 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 83.0 cm 32.68 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 28 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
01 Mar 01 March Average high -5.4° C 22.3° F Average low -15.2° C 4.6° F The Highest temperature (1938-2008) 5.1° C 41.2° F
1992 Lowest temperature (1938-2008) -37.8° C -36.0° F
1962 Greatest precipitation (1938-2008) 14.2 mm 0.56 inches
1944 Greatest rainfall (1938-2007) 0.3 mm 0.01 inches
1974 Greatest snowfall (1938-2007) 14.2 cm 5.59 inches
1944 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 80.0 cm 31.5 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 30 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
02 Mar 02 March Average high -5.2° C 22.6° F Average low -14.9° C 5.2° F The Highest temperature (1938-2008) 7.8° C 46.0° F
1993 Lowest temperature (1938-2008) -37.4° C -35.3° F
2003 Greatest precipitation (1938-2008) 13.1 mm 0.52 inches
1983 Greatest rainfall (1938-2007) 0.0 mm 0.0 inches The Greatest snowfall (1938-2007) 19.3 cm 7.6 inches
1976 Most snow on the ground (1955-2002) 77.0 cm 30.31 inches
1956 Monthly frequency of precipitation 30 % Note that more recent Averages and Extremes information for this location may be available. Please visit the Historical Climate Data's Almanac Averages and Extremes page.
Facing an insurgency by a new rebel coalition, the president of the Central African Republic (CAR) has consolidated military power under his control after dismissing his own son as acting defence minister along with his army chief of staff.
President Francois Bozize said in a decree read on state radio late Wednesday that he was taking over the position held by his son, Jean Francis Bozize as neighboring countries sent troops to help.
Meanwhile, the rebels said they have halted their advance on the capital, Bangui, and would participate in dialogue, as head of regional African forces warned them against making further moves.
The announcement on Wednesday gave only a limited reprieve for Bozize as the rebels told Reuters news agency they might insist on his removal in the January 8 negotiations scheduled in Gabon's capital Libreville.
On Wednesday, the commander of the regional African force, FOMAC, warned rebels against any attempt to take Damara, the last strategic town between them and the country's capital Bangui.
"If the rebels attack Damara that would amount to a declaration of war and would mean that they have decided to engage the 10 central African states," General Jean-Felix Akaga told reporters in Bangui.
The UN has called for dialogue between the government and the rebels, while the UN children's agency said it is concerned about a growing number of children being recruited by armed groups in CAR.
UNICEF said Friday it has received "credible reports that rebel groups and pro-government militias are increasingly recruiting and involving children in armed conflict".
The agency estimates that even before the latest crisis here some 2,500 children were part of armed groups in the country long plagued by rebellions.
Security concerns
Al Jazeera's Andrew Simmons, reporting from Bangui said that while there's while there's much talk of peace in CAR, there's "still fear here" and described scenes of "anarchy on the scenes at night".
Amid the insecurity, our correspondent said that there's awareness that rebels have made great gains.
"You can't escape one fact, and that is that the rebel alliance have taken 10 towns in just one month," said Simmons, who added that the president challenge rests in trying to negotiate with a "politically disoriented" coalition of rebels.
More than 30 truckloads of troops from Chad now line the two-lane highway just outside of Damara, to support government forces.
The rebels appear to be holding their positions up until Sibut, which is 112km further north from Damara.
Defence minister dismissed
On Wednesday, President Bozize announced through a decree read on state radio that he was dismissing his son, Francis, as defence minister. Chief of Staff Guillaume Lapo also was being replaced.
The president already has promised to form a coalition government with rebels and to negotiate without conditions.
It's a sign of how serious a threat is now being posed by the rebel groups who call themselves Seleka, which means alliance in the local Sango language.
They have accused Bozize of failing to honour a 2007 peace deal.
"There is a little bit of hope as rebels have stopped their advance on the capital," Lydie Boka, Africa analyst, Director of Strategic Co, told Al Jazeera.
"And really they didn't have much of choice given that Chad, which is a big player and a master of the game in the region, has warned that they should not go beyond Damara."
There is also speculation about religious links between rebels and some of the neigbouring countries like Sudan and Chad, she said.
The landlocked nation of 4.4 million people is rich in diamonds, gold and uranium and yet remains one of the poorest countries in the world.
Central African Republic has suffered many army revolts, coups and rebellions since gaining independence from France in 1960.
"Central Africans are tired of somebody who came by force in 2003 and didn't really share power. Basically, his (Bozize) party, KNK, took over everything in the country. The last legislative elections were virtually fraudulent," Boka said.
I was recently criticized for saying that Harry Potter was my favorite book. That's fine, I'm used to criticism. If I let it get to me, a person with my personality and quirks would be reduced to a tear-sodden fetal position in a dark corner of my bedroom. The person I said this to told me, “Ugh, that so typical. Couldn't you be more original? And you can't just say 'Harry Potter'. That's seven books. It doesn't count. Don't you have a favorite one?”
“Nope. I love them all.”
I didn't press the point and gave him another, less truthful, answer. I had started to explain my choice, but I quickly realized that I simply didn't have the time. But you know who does have the time? The internet! So I'll try my best to explain why, despite being seven volumes, Harry Potter is my “favorite book”.
I might as well start at the beginning. The first exposure I ever had to Harry Potter was walking into one of the big bookstore chains (one of the ‘B' ones- Barnes and Noble or Borders), and seeing Sorcerer's Stone in a large, flashy display near the entrance. I was around 11 years old at the time; I know this because Harry was 11 too. My mother pointed to the display and said something along the lines of, “Would you be interested in this book? Apparently it's very popular.”
I asked her what it was about. She replied, “It's about a young boy who goes to wizard school!”
Now, me being a petulant preteen who was more interested in PlayStation and being cool, rolled my eyes and said, “That sounds stupid, mom. GAWD.”
The matter was dropped, and I sulked throughout the store and retreated to the back where I looked at CDs and board games as I usually did at those 'B' bookstores.
Not long after, however, Harry Potter mania had fully swept the country and my preteen desire to be cool eventually convinced me that I should give it a try.
To this day, Sorcerer's Stone is the only Harry Potter book that I own in paperback. I raced through it, fell in love, and shortly after bought Chamber of Secrets. Again, I fell in love.
Odd side note: I bought Chamber of Secrets at the same time as 'N Sync's “No Strings Attached” album. I can't listen to that album without being reminded of scenes from the book. In my mind, “Bringin' Da Noise” was played at Nearly Headless Nick's deathday party.
Whenever the next books were released, I (read: mommy and daddy) purchased them immediately and read them in record time.
To the outside world, I was a kid who longed to be a wizard and lived vicariously through the Boy who lived. But in the comfort of my room and the privacy of my own head, I was a confused, unhappy child who longed to find a magical place of my own to escape to and belong in a place where I wasn't the exception, but rather quite ordinary and among unwaveringly supportive friends.
You see, it was around that time that I came to the startling conclusion that I was attracted to other boys and not girls. Like Harry, I knew there was something strange about me, but the rest of the world didn't understand it and made me feel like a freak. And like any confused young boy, I believed them. And being a pastor's son, I figured my best option was to pray. That's right, every night for two years, I attempted to pray the gay away.
Don't let the douchebags fool you- it doesn't work. Believe me, I tried. I pleaded to God to change me. And for two years, I thought God was ignoring me.
You see, Harry and I had a lot in common. We both have summer birthdays and didn't get the attention that a birthday gets you at school. We both had dark hair that, no matter how much our mothers (or aunts) tried, simply could not be tamed. We both felt that we didn't belong in our own homes, schools, and communities. We were both teased and bullied relentlessly by our peers. We were both outcasts in our own homes. We both longed for something more.
And, while J.K. Rowling stuck to her book-a-year schedule, we were both the same age. Every year, Harry and I celebrated our birthdays and went on an adventure.
J.K. Rowling took her time with the fourth book Goblet of Fire. Fortunately, by that time, I was beyond succumbing to the fact that my homosexuality was simply a part of who I was and I better just get used to lusting after Leonardo DiCaprio (I've since gotten over that). Instead, I had grown. I was becoming a confident (if not mercurially hormonal) young man.
Just like Harry.
And on our yearly summer trip to visit my grandmother in Minneapolis, the book came out. I begged my parents to let me get it, and they took me to a small bookstore in Saint Paul. By noon, there were two copies left: one left ransacked by hundreds of eager hands and one slightly hidden and pristine.
Now, I could say that the ransacked one represented the bullied misfit that I was, I commiserated with it, and chose that one for sentimental reasons, but that's stupid. No, I bought the pristine one. And promptly began reading it in the car over the river and back to grandma's house. My elders were beyond trying to get me to participate in any further activities that day, and they knew not to try. I retreated to the room I had been assigned, and finished the book in 20 sleepless hours. When people came to check up on me, I hissed like an accosted alley cat.
I ran to the stores the day of release three more times until I had finished the series and discovered the outcomes of the characters I had grown to love and admire. In fact, I was a sophomore in college when Half-Blood Prince came out. I had a hot Swedish foreign exchange boyfriend who played guitar and drove a BMW, I was the secretary for the school's straight and gay alliance, and I had a cool job tutoring Spanish for wealthy suburban kids.
I had come out all right. I was quite the independent young man. Like Harry.
While I stood in line at the local Barnes and Noble, I was behind a young girl. She saw we were both buying the same book. “I love Harry Potter,” she bounced. And she clung to her fresh copy in a way I couldn't help but recognize, for I was her age and reading Harry Potter too once. I realized that Harry and I had a lot in common with this girl. It was obvious she wasn't the queen bee at her school; and, frankly, she struck me as a bit of a Hermione. She wore glasses like Harry and I do. She felt like an outsider like Harry and I do. She longed to escape to a magical world like Harry and I do.
When the seventh and final book Deathly Hallows came out, it found me independent and confident, but emotionally raw. Not long before I bought the book, one of my dearest friends, confidantes, and roommate had died unexpectedly. At the age of 21, her heart stopped in the middle of the night.
I had my birthday in the summer, fought the government's oppression of love and reason, longed to escape to a world of magic, my dark hair still wouldn't stay put, I wore glasses that were prone to breaking, and I had just lost one of my closest friends.
Just like Harry.
Harry and I grew together, fought together, and suffered together for over a decade. I was sad to see him go, but I only felt gratitude for the boy who lived. I obediently watched the movies, but tore them apart; I still remain active within Harry Potter internet forums; I got a Pottermore account; and I still reread the books to this day when I'm feeling maudlin. It brings back the magic I originally felt, but an element is missing. I'm no longer the young outcast I once was. Now it's just a story, albeit a really good one. I love escaping through The Three Broomsticks every now and then, but I no longer need to. I read a chapter or two before I go to bed. I'm afraid I just don't have the time or energy for another 20-hour marathon.
Today I'm proud to be me. I have a job, I have an amazing support system of friends, and I'm happy to say I helped fight the recent marriage amendment in Minnesota with a resounding Expelliarmus. And I simply don't know where I'd be if Harry Potter hadn't been there with me along the way.
During the most difficult years of my life, I wasn't alone. And Harry gave me the tools I needed to make it through.
And that's why Harry Potter is my favorite book. Even if there are seven of them, it totally counts.
The intrigue surrounding Oriol Rosell thickened on Tuesday as Portuguese media outlets reported that the Sporting Kansas City midfielder has traveled to Lisbon to complete a transfer to Portuguese top-flight side Sporting Clube de Portugal.
“The Kansas City player arrived this morning in Lisbon for a medical examination, but did not speak [to the media] at the airport,” claimed O JOGO, who also stated that the Spaniard would sign a five-year contract with the 2014-15 UEFA Champions League qualifiers.
Mais Futebol reported that Rosell could be presented as early as Tuesday afternoon. There remains no confirmation or comment on the deal from Sporting Kansas City, however.
Sporting CP are a founding member of Portugal's Primeira Liga and finished in second place behind Benfica in the top flight this season, which concluded last month.
The Lisbon club is the home of Colombian striker and former Seattle Sounders star Fredy Montero, who was Sporting's leading scorer this season.
The summer transfer window for MLS clubs runs from July 8 to Aug. 6. Rosell joined Kansas City during the summer transfer window in 2012.
Yeah... I think it's time for Pro Football Focus to find some new editors or just call it quits. Somehow this article was released and included a completely butchered depth chart of the Detroit Lions ' defense with the wrong base defense.
The image was taken down shortly after Lions fans berated PFF's staff for their lack of research. They also got the list of draft picks wrong (it's fixed now), listing A'Shawn Robinson as a fourth rounder after Graham Glasgow. Since then, they've fixed the depth chart.
WAIT, WHAT? That's still wrong! Wallace Gilberry is not going to start on the interior. Holy lazy journalism, Batman.
don't count on it. If for some reason you were holding out hope of an eventual return from Calvin Johnson
The Lions seem to love drafting players that want to be pre-meds. Jake Rudock joins the list.
Lions QB Jake Rudock said he'd love to go to med school after his NFL career. Wants to do something in pediatrics. — Josh Katzenstein (@jkatzenstein) May 19, 2016
The Lions' other sixth-round draft picks also took the podium yesterday.
Landes on playing in NFL vs. going for baseball career: It's awesome. League minimum, snapping footballs through my legs. — Josh Katzenstein (@jkatzenstein) May 19, 2016
Jimmy Landes said he expected some hostility from Don Muhlbach, but has received none. The veteran has taken the rookie under his wing. — Justin Rogers (@Justin_Rogers) May 19, 2016
#Lions DL Anthony Zettel says right now they're playing him at DE. — Paula Pasche (@paulapasche) May 19, 2016
Bray Wyatt has been featured prominently on Monday Night Raw over the past few months, and his brother Bo Dallas has also been getting his fair share of TV time as of late thanks to the fact that he joined The Miztourage. However, Bray Wyatt and Bo Dallas have been absent from recent WWE events, and Justin LaBar of the Pittsburgh Tribune is reporting that Bo, Bray and JoJo are all dealing with viral meningitis.
Seems Bray, Bo and JoJo haven't been at TV or events because of viral meningitis. Unfortunate. I have NO INFO on Sunday for Bray. — Justin LaBar (@JustinLaBar) October 18, 2017
Recovery time from viral meningitis typically takes between 7 to 10 days.
Bray Wyatt is scheduled to face Finn Balor at the WWE TLC pay-per-view on Sunday, and as of this writing WWE has not made any sort of announcement that would give any indication that he won't be wrestling.
Wyatt hasn't appeared on Raw in a few weeks, but he did appear in a pre-taped backstage segment on last week's show where he revealed his alter-ego, Sister Abigail, to the world.
If Bray is indeed able to compete on Sunday, we'll be seeing Sister Abigail in action for the first time when Abigail faces off against The Demon.
It will never be:
easy
perfect
the right time
Nobody is going to:
tell you exactly what to do
drag you out of bed in the morning
yell at you to eat healthy
lift weights for you
run a race for you
There will always be:
holidays
sick days
sleepless nights
early mornings
vacations
bad weather
long days at the office
It will always be easier to:
say no
hit SNOOZE
do nothing
settle
blame others
make excuses
give up
say “I tried my best” when you really didn't
Life is freaking tough – health, wealth, and happiness certainly don't come easy.
For those reasons, you don't need:
The best equipment
The best business plan
The PERFECT workout program (it doesn't exist)
A super specific meal plan
And it's okay to:
not have all of the answers yet – NOBODY does
not have your life completely figured out yet – NOBODY does
get started and figure things out as you go
As Teddy Roosevelt once said, “Do the best you can, with what you have, where you are.”
Take action. Make changes.
You will make mistakes. You will fail. Embrace it.
You know what's NOT okay?
to expect instant success and gratification
to give up immediately when life doesn't go your way
to keep doing the same thing while expecting different results
to coast through life while complaining about it
to constantly wonder “what if” without ever finding out
Tomorrow never comes.
Eventually never happens.
Today.
Now.
Shut up and start.
-Steve
###
The paper praises Alaska Governor Palin's passion and charisma
The top newspaper in the home state of Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin has endorsed Democratic candidate Barack Obama for president.
Alaska's Anchorage Daily News, said governor Mrs Palin was "too risky" to be one step away from the presidency.
In an editorial it says her nomination "captivated" Alaskans but that the focus should be on John McCain.
The paper has a liberal record and backed the Democratic candidate in the last three presidential elections.
It described Mr McCain as the "wrong choice".
'Stumbled badly'
The newspaper, which has a larger circulation than any other in the state, said many Alaskans were "proud to see their governor, and their state, so prominent on the national stage".
It also described Mrs Palin as a "force to be reckoned with".
Obama has a "cool, steady hand", the Alaska newspaper says
"Passionate, charismatic and indefatigable, she draws huge crowds and sows excitement in her wake," the editorial reads.
However, it says that Republican presidential candidate John McCain has "stumbled and fumbled badly" in dealing with the economic crisis.
"[John McCain] embraces the extreme Republican orthodoxy he once resisted and cynically asks Americans to buy for another four years", it says.
By contrast, the Daily News suggests, Mr Obama "brings far more promise to the office".
It says: "In a time of grave economic crisis, he displays thoughtful analysis, enlists wise counsel and operates with a cool, steady hand."
In other endorsements over the weekend the Times-Dispatch in Richmond, Virginia, backed Mr McCain, saying he was "the clear and unambiguous choice" at a time when national security was the key issue.
The Grand Rapids Press in Michigan supported Mr McCain for his "sheer depth of experience, principled courage and unassailable independence".
But the Baltimore Sun said Mr Obama's "steadiness and thoughtful approach to issues show he has the judgment and depth of knowledge to lead the country".
Eastern Washington coach Beau Baldwin said Tuesday that the team has suspended linebacker John Kreifels for Saturday's game at Northern Iowa following his ejection from the Eagles' season-opening loss against Oregon.
Kreifels delivered a late hit to the head of Ducks quarterback Vernon Adams Jr. as he slid to the turf during the fourth quarter of Oregon's 61-42 win last weekend. Adams, Eastern Washington's starting quarterback for more than two seasons before he left this past offseason as a graduate transfer, left the game but later returned to the sideline.
Kreifels, a redshirt sophomore, was ejected for targeting. He later taunted the Autzen Stadium crowd from the sideline before being taken to the locker room by Eagles staff members. He has since apologized on social media for his actions.
Seventh-ranked Eastern Washington, the three-time defending Big Sky champion, will visit Missouri Valley power Northern Iowa, ranked 14th, in one of the top non-conference matchups of the FCS season.
In a follow up to a story we published last week, the likelihood of The Rock performing at next year's WrestleMania just got smaller.
The Rock has signed on to co-star in Central Intelligence, a film with comedian Kevin Hart. Filming is set to kick off next spring, which is the heart of WrestleMania season. In addition to the filming schedule The Rock will also be heavily promoting the upcoming Furious 7 picture, which looks to be a huge blockbuster.
It remains possible that The Rock could perform at the annual WWE extravaganza and promote all of his products simultaneously, but it remains to be seen if Universal Pictures would condone that. During The Rock's last WrestleMania match in 2013, he sustained an injury in which reduced his promotional schedule for Pain & Gain and also caused him to miss the movie's premiere.
The two film roles aren't The Rock's only upcoming obligations, either. He'll be starring and serving as an executive producer for the HBO series Ballers, which also kicks off in 2015.
Immigrant displacement of American workers has reached an all-time high—right as Congress returns from its August recess and, incredibly, is looking at passing some version of the Eight Gangsters' Amnesty/ Immigration Surge bill.
Employers added 169,000 jobs in August, slightly below expectations. The unemployment rate fell to 7.3%, mainly because people dropped out of the labor force and were no longer counted as unemployed. Labor force participation—the share of the working-age population that is either working or looking for work—has been dropping since the economy collapsed in late 2008, but is now at its lowest level since 1978.
The MSM and the Wall Street crowd played this as another ho-hum report. The numbers were good enough to keep current GDP growth projections intact but disappointing enough to forestall serious monetary tightening in the near term—a relief to Wall Street, which likes low interest rates.
But none of the chattering class commentary focused on the “other” employment report—of households rather than businesses. Total employment fell by 115,000 according to the Household Survey. Our analysis of BLS data finds native-born workers suffered more than 100% of the loss, while foreign-born enjoyed a big job gain.
In August:
Total employment fell by 115,000, or by -0.08%
Native-born employment fell by 338,000, or by -0.28%
by 338,000, or by -0.28% Foreign-born employment rose by 223,000, or by +0.95%
August is a month when seasonal factors—the change in car model years, the start of school, summer job terminations—can swamp long term economic trends. Even so, this August seems to be one for the record books. The immigrant share of U.S. employment—16.49%—was a new high for any August during the Obama years:
Foreign-born Share of Total Employment (%) July August % chg. 2009 15.50% 15.49% -0.06% 2010 15.88% 16.02% 0.88% 2011 15.96% 15.89% -0.44% 2012 16.22% 16.19% -0.18% 2013 16.33% 16.49% 0.98% Source: Author's analysis of BLS unseasonalized data.
From August 2009 to August 2013 the immigrant share of total employment rose by 1 percentage point—from 15.49% to 16.49%. Had the immigrant share remained at its August 2009 level, 1.44 million more native-born Americans would have been employed this August, and the native-born unemployment rate would have been 6.4% instead of the 7.5% reported by BLS.
The displacement of native-born Americans by immigrants reached an Obama-era peak in August. This is made clear in our New VDARE.com American Worker Displacement Index (NVDAWDI). It tracks native-born and foreign-born employment growth for every month since the start of the Obama Administration:
Native-born employment growth is the blue line, immigrant employment growth is in pink, and NVAWDI—the ratio of immigrant to native-born job growth—is yellow. The graphic starts at 100.0 for both native-born and immigrant employment in January 2009, and tracks their growth since that month.
From January 2009 to August 2013:
Foreign-born employment increased by 2.130 million, or by +9.8%. The immigrant employment index rose from 100.0 to 109.8.
Native-born employment declined by 181,000 or by -0.15%. The native-born employment index in August 2013 was 99.8, or slightly below the level of January 2009.
NVDAWDI (the ratio of immigrant to native-born employment growth indexes) rose from 100.0 to a record 110.0 (100X(109.8/99.8)
A more detailed picture of American worker displacement over the past year is seen in figures published in the BLS monthly job report:
Employment Status by Nativity, Aug.2012- Aug.2013 (numbers in the 1000s; not seasonally adjusted) Aug.2012 Aug.2013 Change % Change Foreign born, 16 years and older Civilian population 37,847 38,197 350 0.9% Civilian labor force 24,998 25,540 542 2.2% Participation rate (%) 66.1% 66.9% 0.8% pts. 1.2% Employed 23,080 23,833 753 3.3% Employment/population % 61.0% 62.4% 1.4% pts. 2.3% Unemployed 1,918 1,707 -211 -11.0% Unemployment rate (%) 7.7% 6.7% -1.0% pts. -13.0% Not in labor force 12,849 12,658 -191 -1.5% Native-born, 16 years and older Civilian population 205,719 207,762 2,043 1.0% Civilian labor force 130,257 130,431 174 0.1% Participation rate (%) 63.3% 62.8% -0.5% pts. -0.8% Employed 119,479 120,676 1,197 1.0% Employment/population % 58.1% 58.1% 0.0% pts. 0.0% Unemployed 10,778 9,765 -1,013 -9.4% Unemployment rate (%) 8.3% 7.5% -0.8% pts. -9.6% Not in labor force 75,462 77,331 1,869 2.5% Source: BLS, The Employment Situation - August 2013, September 6, 2013. Table A-7. PDF
Over the past 12 months:
Immigrants gained 753,000 jobs, a 3.3% increase; native-born American workers gained 1,197,000 positions, a 1.0% increase. ADVANTAGE IMMIGRANTS
753,000 jobs, a 3.3% increase; native-born American workers 1,197,000 positions, a 1.0% increase. The unemployment rate for immigrants fell by 1.0 percentage point – or by 13.0%; the native-born American unemployment rate fell by 0.8 percentage points—a 9.6% decline . ADVANTAGE IMMIGRANTS
by 1.0 percentage point – or by 13.0%; the native-born American unemployment rate by 0.8 percentage points—a 9.6% decline The number of immigrants “not in the labor force”—i.e., neither working nor looking for work, fell by 191,000, or by 1.5%; the number of native-born Americans not in the labor force rose by 1.869 million, or by 2.5%. ADVANTAGE IMMIGRANTS ; AS A RESULT:
by 1.869 million, or by 2.5%. ; The labor force participation rate—a measure of worker confidence—declined for the native-born and rose smartly for immigrants. At 66.9%, the immigrant participation rate in August 2013 was 4.1% points above the native rate.
While many Americans have lost jobs to competing immigrants, all American workers have lost at least some income. By increasing the supply of labor, immigration over a recent twenty-year period reduced average income of native-born American males by $1,700, or 4%, according to Professor George Borjas. [Increasing the Supply of Labor Through Immigration: Measuring the Impact on Native-born Workers, By George Borjas, April 2004]
Larger percentage losses are indicated for native-born American high-school dropouts, Blacks, and Hispanics.
Bottom line: both the quantity and the quality of jobs held by native-born Americans has declined during the Obama years.
This is the economic environment into which the (bipartisan) Gang of Eight want to amnesty an unknown number of illegal aliens—and double or triple legal immigration.
Edwin S. Rubenstein (email him) is President of ESR Research Economic Consultants.
EXCLUSIVE: Endeavor Content has acquired film rights to the David Barclay Moore novel The Stars Beneath Our Feet, which will be developed as a vehicle for Creed star Michael B. Jordan to make his feature directorial debut. Jordan will produce the film adaptation and the author will write the script and be executive producer. The novel was published by the Random House imprint Alfred A. Knopf Books for Young Readers (an imprint of Random House) this past September.
In the wake of his brother's death, a young African American youth tries to steer a safe path through the projects in Harlem, aided by his imagination and the magic of Legos.
“Directing has been an area I've wanted to explore for some time now,” said Jordan. “The Stars Beneath Our Feet tells a story that really spoke to me, and I'm looking forward to jumping behind the camera. I've had the opportunity to work with some very smart and talented directors and it inspired me to take on this new challenge.”
It doesn't seem that long ago when Jordan grew up in the business in The Wire and Friday Night Lights, before establishing himself as an adult in the Ryan Coogler-directed Fruitvale Station. The move toward the directing chair comes at a particularly prolific time for Jordan as an actor: He recently wrapped HBO's adaptation of the cautionary Ray Bradbury classic Fahrenheit 451 alongside Michael Shannon, as well as the Coogler-directed Black Panther for Marvel, opposite Chadwick Boseman. Jordan is also expected to reprise in a sequel to Creed that will be directed by Sylvester Stallone.
Moore is the former communications coordinator for Harlem Children's Zone, and The Stars Beneath Our Feet is his debut novel.
Jordan is represented by WME and Bloom Hergott. Moore is represented by Writers House and WME.
Chile players react after beating Colombia in the 2016 edition of the Cope America in the United States.
SANTIAGO, Chile -- The 2019 Copa America will consist of 16 teams under a measure approved on Wednesday by CONMEBOL.
Football's governing body in South America only has 10 members and have previously invited two other countries to play in their regional international cup. Mexico have played in the Copa America since 1993.
The standard 12-team field for the South American championship was broken last year with 16 teams playing in a special 100-year anniversary edition in the United States. The additional teams came from CONCACAF, the North and Central American and Caribbean region.
Brazil is the hosts for the next edition in 2019, when the expansion will make it easier to invite teams from other regions of the world.
One of the panels I was most looking forward to on the latest edition of London's MCM Comic Con was Humans'. I only just recently started watching it, and I got addicted half into the first episode. I was initially drawn to it because of Colin Morgan, seeing that I am a huge Merlin fan, and because of its appealing plot -but let's not forget it is based on a Swedish show.
Alas, the panel did not include Gemma Chan or Morgan himself, but we attendants were lucky enough to enjoy the presence of Ruth Bradley (Karen), Ivanno Jeremiah (Max, one of my favourite characters), Tom Goodman-Hill (Joe) and new addition Sonya Cassidy, along with the show's creators, writers and Channel 4's Head of Drama.
We got to see an extended trailer and two exclusive scenes from season two, and Cassidy introduced her character, Hester, by explaining that she is a sentient Synth that has been created in a factory.
One of the things we got to see in the preview is that Joe will lose his job, and Goodman-Hill explained that on the new season, we will see Joe and Laura trying to start over, but things won't go to plan.
Another new addition that we got to see in the preview was that of Carrie-Ann Moss (Matrix), who will play an American scientist who works on the Synths. In fact, her scenes are set in San Francisco, which, as the creators explained, will help give the show a more globalised feeling, to see how this Synth issue evolves in other parts of the world.
Oh, and we were also promised that, if we watch Humans instead of Poldark, Colin Morgan will take his shirt off in a future episode. Don't know, decisions, decisions. Can I watch one and record the other for later?
Human returns tonight to Channel 4 at 9pm.
And here is Ivanno Jeremiah showing you how Synths run:
You may or may not have been aware that China currently has a console ban and has had one since the 2000. The exactly reasons why this is the case have mostly remained kept under-wraps, but it seemed China didn't want it's young citizens to waste away in front of a TV screen. Now, six years after the worldwide release of the PlayStation 3, the console might make its way to China.
The significant move is that Sony have received a safety mark for the PS3 which is needed to sell products in China. This does not necessarily mean China will get the PS3 any time soon, but it is an important step in that direction. You can see a screenshot of the documentation above.
The ban has always been a bit of a gray area as technically, games consoles can be sold if they are advertised as entertainment systems which the PS3 is. The ban has also likely caused a lot of piracy which isn't good for either party.
As for the PS3's competitors — Nintendo and Microsoft — neither of them have released their products in China, although Nintendo has gotten the closest. Nintendo sells plug-and-play controllers containing Nintendo 64 games under another brand name, iQue. They're also releasing the 3DS XL in December with three designs exclusive to China. Mario Kart 7 and Super Mario 3D land will come pre-loaded for free.
Sony sneakily released the PS2 in China by stating it was computer some time ago. Hopefully Chinese gamers will get an upgrade from that pretty soon.
More at TechinAsia
The Houston Dynamo and Houston Dash today announced that the organization, along with Major League Soccer, MLS WORKS and MLS Clubs, will donate at least $1 million to the American Red Cross Hurricane Harvey relief efforts in the Houston area.
“On behalf of our ownership group and organization, we are proud to play a role in helping our community to recover from this devastating storm,” Dynamo and Dash majority owner Gabriel Brener said. “Our organization strongly believes in its responsibility to be a community leader in times of need. We are here to support people throughout the relief and recovery effort by initiating a number of efforts.”
Fellow owner Oscar De La Hoya joined Mr. Brener in offering his support to the entire Southeast Texas community following the hurricane.
“Immediately after the storm made landfall, all of our thoughts turned to the people of Houston who were affected by it,” De La Hoya said. “As a club, Southeast Texas is our home, and so many of our club's fans, friends and neighbors are in need of help. Our team has worked hard and will continue to work to provide support not just through financial resources but with effort, energy and initiative as we move forward together.”
In addition to Major League Soccer's contribution, MLS and its community outreach initiative MLS WORKS are working with all Clubs to coordinate a League-wide digital, social and in-stadium communication program to spread the word on how to make donations to the American Red Cross to support Hurricane Harvey Relief efforts.
“Hurricane Harvey has had a devastating effect on the city of Houston and has significantly impacted the lives of millions of people throughout the region,” said MLS Commissioner Don Garber. “We thank Gabriel Brener, his partners and the entire MLS family for coming together to support the relief efforts.”
Additionally, the Dynamo and their most prominent partner, BBVA Compass, are working toward a pair of major charitable initiatives, including the annual BBVA Compass Dynamo Charities Cup, to continue raising funds to assist people in the Greater Houston area who have been affected by the hurricane.
"We are pleased to be able to help our fellow Houstonians with this contribution to the relief and recovery effort, and we are humbled by the response from the entire soccer community during this situation,” said Dynamo and Dash president Chris Canetti. “We also look forward to announcing some additional significant fundraising initiatives to keep fundraising for our friends and neighbors in need.”
Further details regarding the BBVA Compass Dynamo Charities Cup and additional fundraising initiatives will be announced in the coming days.
What would you do if your significant other brought home a pet unannounced? What if you didn't like the kind of pet in the first place? How about 550 of them?
Seemingly out of a fairytale, the couple's love (and patience) was tested last week when a wife brought 550 cats into their home. The husband, who dislikes cats, tried to adjust but had troubles doing the simplest of things. Attempts at sleep proved difficult as the bed was covered by cats that believed that they deserved better than the floor, blocked his pathway to the bathroom, and had his food stolen the moment he set the plate down on the table.
The husband tried to reconcile in court, but the wife chose the cats over her husband. It is still unclear if this was an outlandish plot by the wife to rid of her cat-hating husband.
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University University of Florida
A drug commonly used to prevent rejection of organ transplants appears to reduce body fat and appetite in older rats. The findings have intriguing implications for humans, researchers say.
Aging can cause many changes to the body, including obesity and a loss of lean mass. With an elderly population that is expected to reach 73 million in the United States by 2030, developing anti-obesity treatments is critical.
While the current findings are limited to rats, the drug rapamycin has potential as a treatment for age-related obesity because it is already used to treat other conditions in people.
“We need to be able to intervene with treatments for older adults,” says Christy Carter, assistant professor of aging and geriatric research at University of Florida. “They're going to have health care issues, and not everyone can get up and exercise. So if you can give them a jump-start or combine rapamycin with other therapies, you could have better health outcomes.”
Old rat, young body
Obesity among older adults has increased dramatically in the United States during the last 20 years. More than one-third of people over age 65 are obese, according to a study published in 2012 by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In the first of two studies, published in the Journals of Gerontology, researchers show rapamycin reduces food consumption and body weight. After being treated with the drug, the body weight of 25-month-old rats—about the equivalent of 65-year-old people—dropped by approximately 13 percent.
The drug works by targeting how the body makes leptin, a hormone produced by fat cells that affects hunger and metabolism. The researchers hypothesize that the reduction in eating is due to normalizing the typical age-related spike in leptin.
Rapamycin's ability to stabilize the rats' leptin level made them lighter. Overall, there was a dramatic body metamorphosis: rapamycin selectively targeted the fat, allowing the animals to retain lean mass. It worked so well that the older rats ultimately developed a lean-to-fat ratio similar to that of their younger counterparts.
“In this case, we feel like we restored the body composition to that of a young animal,” Carter says.
Dose sweet spot
In the second paper, researchers found that small, intermittent amounts of rapamycin produced the desired slimming effect in both young and old rats. While rapamycin works best in older, obese rats, researchers were encouraged that it also had an effect on certain younger animals.
“One point that is common is that it seems to work better in animals, old or young, that have more fat,” says lead author Philip J. Scarpace, professor of pharmacology.
Getting the correct dose was crucial: Too little of the drug did not reduce obesity, but too much of it caused elevated glucose and fat levels in the blood.
Carter hit the sweet spot in the rats, picking just the right intermittent dose of rapamycin to deliver all of the benefits and none of the unwanted side effects.
[related]
The drug works by inhibiting a signaling mechanism known as mTORC1, a protein complex that is an energy and nutrient sensor. This in turn triggers a response in the brain that curbs eating, effectively reducing age-related fat until the older animals resemble much younger ones.
While rapamycin has yet to be tested in people, the rats were chosen carefully to resemble the aging and obesity pattern of humans, Carter says.
“We're looking at similarities in longevity, changing body composition and declining physical function—and we're looking at the same trajectory of age-related obesity.”
Researchers remain unsure whether rapamycin is working in the brain or another part of the body. Next, Carter says she plans to study whether factors released by muscles play a role in fat metabolism.
The National Institutes of Health and the Medical Research Service of the Department of Veterans Affairs funded the work.
Source: University of Florida
Nearly two-thirds of the city apartments recently listed on Airbnb were being offered in violation of the law, an analysis by state authorities has found.
The study of data from the subletting service's own Web site showed 64 percent of its 19,500-plus offerings for Jan. 31 covered an “entire apartment,” says an affidavit from the state Attorney General's Office.
By law, a “permanent resident” must be present to sublet an apartment for fewer than 30 days.
In addition, more than 200 of the offerings came from just five “hosts,” suggesting third parties were renting out pads on behalf of their owners.
“The top five hosts by number of listings had the following number of listings: 80, 35, 31, 29 and 28,” Sumanta Ray, director of research and analysis for the AG's Investor Protection Bureau, wrote in the affidavit, obtained by The Post.
The affidavit will be filed in court Monday by state AG Eric Schneiderman's office, sources said. The AG is heading to court Tuesday to subpoena Airbnb records to identify users who are illegally renting out apartments.
New Jersey-based tech firm Connotate extracted the data from Airbnb's site and put it in a spreadsheet for the Investor Protection Bureau. Ray analyzed it for the AG's Office.
Court filings by the AG's Office say Airbnb is fueling an underground industry of “illegal hotels” that has led to a surge in complaints about parties that leave “vomit and baggage strewn in hallways” and other problems.
The Post revealed last week that hookers were setting up temporary brothels over Airbnb.
Tom Cayler, chairman of the West Side Neighborhood Alliance's Illegal Hotel Committee, railed at the online service.
“Airbnb has just become a scourge,” said Cayler, 63, of Hell's Kitchen. “You've already got the sex industry using Airbnb. How long will it be before the gamblers and the drug dealers figure it out?”
“When you come home at night, you won't know if you've got a trick, a poker game or a cocaine deal going on next door.”
Tenants advocate Bennett Baumer said a row of buildings on West 49th Street has been used as illegal hotels through Airbnb. At least three apartments there were cited by the city last year based on complaints.
A rep for the buildings' owner did not respond to a request for comment Sunday.
Airbnb on Sunday said it boots users who abuse its service.
“The small group of bad actors that abused our platform aren't part of the Airbnb community anymore, or they are on their way out the door, ” it said, adding most users “are regular New Yorkers just trying to make ends meet.”
Airbnb, which claims it will pump $768 million into New York's economy this year, also noted, “Short-term rental laws were never meant to apply to New Yorkers occasionally renting out their own home.”
UP-AND-COMING: 3 PLAYERS TO WATCH
DREW STAFFORD, RW -- The former 13th overall pick hasn't produced more than 45 points in any of his first four seasons in the NHL. Still, the tools and game-changing skills are there for the 6-foot-2, 216-pound forward. Coming off 20 and 14-goal seasons, respectively, Stafford will be looked upon to contribute up front.
TYLER ENNIS, LW -- With just 10 NHL games under his belt, the 2008 first-round pick will be looking to make an impact come training camp. After finishing last season with 23 goals and 65 points in the AHL, Ennis has shown offensive talents. His NHL experience, albeit limited, will help in his effort to claim a permanent job on the Sabres' roster.
JORDAN LEOPOLD, D -- After being bounced around from Florida to Pittsburgh and after a concussion in the first round of last year's playoffs, Leopold should flourish in a stable environment in Buffalo. Whether it's producing on the power-play or simply moving the puck to streaking forwards, no task is too big for the veteran defenseman.
-- The former 13th overall pick hasn't produced more than 45 points in any of his first four seasons in the NHL. Still, the tools and game-changing skills are there for the 6-foot-2, 216-pound forward. Coming off 20 and 14-goal seasons, respectively, Stafford will be looked upon to contribute up front.With just 10 NHL games under his belt, the 2008 first-round pick will be looking to make an impact come training camp. After finishing last season with 23 goals and 65 points in the AHL, Ennis has shown offensive talents. His NHL experience, albeit limited, will help in his effort to claim a permanent job on the Sabres' roster.-- After being bounced around from Florida to Pittsburgh and after a concussion in the first round of last year's playoffs, Leopold should flourish in a stable environment in Buffalo. Whether it's producing on the power-play or simply moving the puck to streaking forwards, no task is too big for the veteran defenseman.
What goes up, must come down. And vice versa.While a recognizable adage, the notion more so tells the tale of the Buffalo Sabres , especially the past few years.After reaching the Eastern Conference Finals in 2006 and 2007, the Sabres failed to make the playoffs the next two seasons, leaving fans, players and management wondering which direction the team was heading in. Fortunately for those involved, the Sabres found their groove and proved to be one of the more consistent teams in the NHL last season, finishing with 100 points.But while the Sabres went on to capture the Northeast Division title, they were ousted in the first round, upset in six games by a sixth-seeded Boston Bruins team.Along the way came the emergence of goaltender Ryan Miller as one of the League's best, as he reached cult hero status among Sabres Nation and Americans with not only his performance in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver -- in which he helped carry the United States to a silver medal -- but throughout the season, as well.Miller, a 29-year-old, East Lansing, Mich., native posted a 41-18-8 record with a 2.22 GAA and .929 save percentage. The staggering stats represented his finest single season since joining the Sabres in 1999 as a fifth-round selection. For his efforts, he was awarded the Vezina Trophy as the League's best goaltender and was voted onto the First All-Star team.Keeping the puck out of the net wasn't the only factor in the team's overall success. The Sabres finished the season with 12 double-digit scorers, four of whom eclipsed the 20-goal mark. The underrated cast of scoring characters included center Tim Connolly , who posted a career-high 65 points.But those highlights represent the past. Looking ahead to the coming season, the Sabres control whether the peaks will become aberrations or norms. At the least, with training camp just around the corner, the Sabres will hope last season's successes were a necessary part of a team's development and that being labeled "Cup contenders" in 2010-11 won't be a stretch.However, the Sabres weren't immune to the effects an offseason can have on a team and will have to juggle a new roster come Opening Night in October.As free agency began on July 1, the Sabres immediately looked different.Defensemen Henrik Tallinder and Toni Lydman elected to go elsewhere, signing with the New Jersey Devils and Anaheim Ducks , respectively.Tallinder had been a member of the Sabres family since he was drafted in 1997. Moreover, the Sabres lost more than a body and a roster spot in Tallinder, as he was a steady, stay-at-home defenseman with immeasurable leadership skills. Ultimately, though, the Sabres wouldn't offer what Tallinder had wanted and he signed a four-year deal with New Jersey that will pay an average of $3.375 million annually.Lydman was another model of consistency for the Sabres. He played five seasons in Buffalo after being brought in from Calgary and played no fewer than 67 games in each of those seasons.Also, the team lost some speed and offensive instincts in Tim Kennedy . He notched 10 goals and 26 points in his first full season in the NHL.The beating on defense didn't last long. Although the Sabres lost Tallinder and Lydman, veteran defenseman Jordan Leopold , formerly of the Pittsburgh Penguins , signed a three-year, $9 million contract.Leopold brings a solid two-way game to the table and is a perfect fit for the type of transition-style hockey the Sabres like to play. Furthermore, the loss in leadership and experience will be made up in Leopold, as he has played in nearly 500 NHL games and has reached the Stanley Cup Final with the Calgary Flames in 2003-04.Leopold will join captain Craig Rivet Steve Montador , and rising star Tyler Myers on what figures to be one of the stronger defensive units in the Eastern Conference.Adding to the veteran presence was defenseman Shaone Morrisonn . The 6-foot-4, 217-pound blueliner spent the last six seasons with the Washington Capitals and will give the Sabres an always needed stay-at-home presence.With experience and versatility as primary factors, the Sabres also decided to bring in veteran forward Rob Niedermayer into the mix, signing the former Devil to a one-year, $1.15 million contract.With head coach Lindy Ruff leading the charge from behind the bench, team confidence isn't hard to come by. Ruff is approaching his 14th season as Sabres coach, which represents the longest tenure in the League. His preference for style of play hasn't wavered and his gold medal-winning accomplishment last season as assistant coach of Team Canada might just be the linchpin for getting over the championship hump in the Stanley Cup Playoffs.That, coupled with Miller preventing rubber from contact with net between the pipes, should make the Sabres confident about their prospects for the upcoming season.But there are no guarantees, of course, and questions still remain.Will sniper Thomas Vanek return to his 40-goal form? More importantly, will he stay healthy enough to do so? The sniper was sidelined for 11 games last season and finished with a respectable 28 goals. The Sabres will need his scoring touch to make an impact this season.Meanwhile, Myers, who won the Calder Trophy as the League's top rookie, figures to only get better with age. The 20-year-old tallied an impressive 11 goals and 48 points in his first season, all while logging the most minutes of any player on the team. Those minutes might be reduced next season to maximize his shifts, but his impact on the ice will be felt by opponents either way.Overall, with those pieces in place, the Sabres could be among the teams to beat in the East. But they're also aware that with a minor slip, they could take a back seat, as they've done before.What goes up, may go down.
(Newser) – Police in Swaziland are cracking down on rape—by putting women in jail. Authorities in Africa's last absolute monarchy have issued a ban on "rape-provoking" clothing, including miniskirts, midriff-revealing tops, and low-rise jeans, the AFP reports. Women caught wearing such clothing will be arrested, and face six months in jail. "The act of the rapist is made easy, because it would be easy to remove the half-cloth worn by the women," a police spokeswoman explained.
The spokeswoman also said that provocatively-dressed women are to blame when they are sexually assaulted. "I have read from the social networks that men and even other women have a tendency of 'undressing people with their eyes.' That becomes easier when the clothes are hugging or are more revealing," she said. The ban will not, however, apply to traditional garb, which can be a tad revealing. During the annual Reed Dance, for instance, women go bare-breasted and wear beaded skirts that only cover their front. (Read more Swaziland stories.)
Following the Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus launch, Xiaomi is gearing up to unveil the Mi Note 2 and Mi Note 2 Pro in October. According to analyst Pan Jiutang, the company will introduce the two phones at the end of next month. On top of that, Jiutang says Xiaomi will also offer the phones in more than a few color choices.
While there's no information on what exactly the color choices are, the Mi Note 2 and Mi Note 2 have been circling the rumor mill in the last few months. As a result, we have a good idea what we should expect.
The Mi Note 2 Pro should have a 5.5-inch 1080p AMOLED touchscreen, a 12 MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture (using either Sony's IMX260 sensor or the Samsung S5K2L1, and a large 3,700mAh battery.
It will be powered by Qualcomm's recently unveiled Snapdragon 821 chipset and there will be versions with 4 and 6GB of RAM, and 64 or 128GB of UFS 2.0 flash storage built-in.
As for the Xiaomi Mi Note 2, it will boast a Snapdragon 820 chip and 4GB of RAM, according to the latest rumors from China. Internal memory is going to be 32GB.
Source | Via
Downtown Kaohsiung, in southern Taiwan.
Photo by Sam Yeh/AFP/Getty Images
Nine days ago, Taiwan's voters began a process that, if not mishandled or suddenly seized upon by GOP presidential contenders, could defuse one of the two ideological time bombs that could conceivably lead to an outright war between China and the United States. The U.S.-China dispute over Taiwan's future, along with the unpredictable mess in North Korea, represent the only true sources of World War III in Asia. Any progress toward a peaceful solution to either is in everyone's interest.
The Jan. 14 re-election of President Ma Ying-jeou showed that Taiwan's people now firmly reject the idea of declaring independence from China, which since the 1949 civil war has regarded Taiwan as a renegade province. China's reaction to past threats by pro-independence forces on the island has been reckless and probably counterproductive, but nonetheless they were hard to misinterpret: provocative missile launches into Taiwanese coastal waters and angry diatribes from Beijing restating China's right to take the island by force if it so choses. The U.S. 7th Fleet, at the end of the day, was the main obstacle to that claim.
During Ma's first term, which started in 2008, decades of bitterness and threats faded quickly, making the tense standoffs of the 1990s—when President Clinton ordered an American carrier task force to stand between the two Chinas—look like ancient history. Economic and cultural ties blossomed, censorship of Taiwan Websites faded, and friendly exchanges of diplomatic and business delegations became yawningly common.
Yet the acid test of whether this was the work of a pro-China elite on the island or representative of actual changes in the attitudes of Taiwanese to their cousins across the Straits was Ma's re-election bid. With that secured, and by an impressive margin, the two Chinas seem very likely to begin exploring, privately at first, something that once seemed impossible: talks about talks on reunification.
The decision of Taiwan's voters to decisively reject a candidate promising to hold a referendum on independence in favor of Ma's quest for ever closer economic ties is a milestone in regional history. After years of sheltering behind the shield of the U.S. 7th Fleet, Taiwan has grown confident enough to pursue a more independent relationship with Beijing. These changes include, of course, the erratic performance of the United States over the past decade as it launched wars and drove the global economy toward the brink, but also China's increasing confidence that the long game will inevitably favor its hand, both economically and politically. Taiwan's voters apparently agree, at least enough to begin hedging more than a half a century's worth of pro-American bets.
Before Americans launch into a “Who Lost Taiwan?” diatribe (here's a good example of one), let's consider the realities of the island through their own eyes. After all, Taiwan still lobbied hard for advanced military technology last fall, including an upgrade to its F-16 warplanes. (It got about half of what it wanted from the Obama administration, which has also recognized the new realities of selling top line weaponry to a potential adversary of our most important foreign creditor.*)
But the real calculation here is no longer military, it is economic: In June 2010, Ma's government inked the landmark “China-Taiwan Free Trade Agreement,” officially opening commercial links and charting a path to future political negotiations. The deal lifted more than 500 tariffs on trade between them. It also it opened Taiwan's private enterprises to Chinese investment for the first time. While Taiwan has continued to limit the stakes China can purchase, no one can be sure how much of the investment that actually pours into Taiwan each year already contains Chinese money, channeled via foreign investment banks. An influx of tourists from the mainland—another result of the newly warmed ties—has also bolstered Taiwan's economy.
This is not to say that sentiment for reunification is strong in Taiwan. Many Taiwanese have personally experienced life under their own dictatorship and harbor a sophisticated view, through access to Chinese media and their own tenacious journalistic outlets, of the downside of life across the Taiwan Straits. The pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) still won 46 percent of the Jan. 14 vote. But if open political talks on reunification remain out of the question, KMT President Ma's slogan “no unification, no independence” has nonetheless allowed diplomats on both sides to explore the kind of halfway house the British negotiated with Beijing in 1979 when they agreed to hand back Hong Kong. That may not appeal to many Taiwanese: The lack of democratic guarantees in Hong Kong after China assumed control in 2004 belie the popular idea that, in absorbing a free-wheeling democratic society, China itself will somehow be democratized.
The possibility that Taiwan could do for China's political process what Hong Kong did for its financial acumen was on dramatic display during the Taiwan election campaign. Without explanation, China's censors allowed broad access to the Taiwanese media's coverage of the campaign, and as Andrew Jacobs of the New York Times reported last week, it was a breathtaking moment for many Chinese readers.
Happily, China is a very different country than it was in the late 1970s when Beijing told Britain, finally, that its rule in Hong Kong was going to end one way or another. The British, unable to resist by that point, did their best—indeed they did quite well in the end, considering their late 1970s realities. The mistake Britain made (as so often in their history) was not in turning the Crown Colony over to the natives, but rather in waiting too long. By 1979, when talks began under Margaret Thatcher, Britain had sunk to second-tier military and economic status and had no real ability to project power into Asia.
The lessons for the United States, as the guarantor of the democratic freedoms Taiwan had struggled to fashion since the end of the KMT dictatorship in the 1980s, are obvious. The U.S. should be seeking to move this process forward now, while the 7th Fleet still rules the Pacific and the U.S. economy still ranks at the top of the heap. If the stalemate lasts beyond another decade, the question will not be what guarantees the U.S. can extract for Taiwan in a peaceful reunification, but rather how Taiwan would like to be digested—quickly and violently, or voluntarily, under economic and political duress. Happily, the Taiwanese seem to be taking matters into their own hands.
* (The Obama administration sold Taiwan air-defense missiles, upgraded communications equipment for its F-16 fighters and other arms in January 2010, a $6 billion deal that prompted China to suspend all military ties with the U.S., a high-stakes game given the importance of mutual understanding as China's navy and other forces increasingly come in contact with the Seventh Fleet. A lobbying campaign for a second sale raged through the summer of 2011, presenting an enormous dilemma for the U.S.
Adm. Mike Mullen, chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, voiced concern over offending China yet again after returning from a July 2011 visit in which he rode in a Chinese submarine and watched PLA counterterrorism exercises. It was the first U.S. high-level exchange with China's military since the 2010 arms sale, which resulted in a complete freeze on U.S.-China military relations. With American allies brushing uncomfortably close to China's military, this self-imposed blackout carries real risk—akin to trusting the most important relationship in the world to the young commanders of minor Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Filipino warships rubbing elbows in Asia's coastal waters. By the time of Mullen's goodwill trip, which followed a similar trip to the U.S. by China's military chief of staff, Taiwan had requested a second, more controversial arms sale: the delivery of an upgraded version of the F-16 warplane that the island's air force first purchase in 1992. Those older aircraft, Taiwan argued, risked being outclassed by the latest models built in China. Obama chose to split the difference—rejecting the sale of more advance aircraft but agreeing to supply “upgrade kits” for the older warplane's avionics and weapons systems. In Taiwan, the decision confirmed the new reality: The United States would risk only so much today on behalf of a promise made when Jimmy Carter was president in 1979.
The Taiwan decision raised the usual accusations of appeasement, particularly from the largely Republican congressional delegation representing the F-16's production lines in Texas. But the uproar remained local. Beijing chose not to freeze military ties this time, apparently satisfied at the compromise. In Washington, the voices that once asked “Who Lost China” had passed from the scene. In the Pentagon, tempered by a decade of overreaching, reality prevailed. As Mullen explained in a New York Times op-ed after his China visit, the U.S. must place coexistence with China above other concerns. “I understand the concerns of those who feel that any cooperation benefits China more than the United States. I just don't agree. This relationship is too important to manage through blind suspicion and mistrust. We've tried that. It doesn't work. I'm not suggesting we look the other way on serious issues, that we abandon healthy skepticism, or that we change our military's focus on the region. But we need to keep communication open and work hard to improve each interaction.” Amen, to that, Adm. Mike).
The USS Arizona burns after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. (Photo11: AFP/Getty Images)
HONOLULU — As the afternoon shadows lengthen at Pearl Harbor on Wednesday, four Navy veterans will gather aboard the USS Arizona Memorial for a solemn ceremony.
The four men were shipmates on the Arizona on Dec. 7, 1941, when a Japanese bomb crippled and sunk the mighty battleship. They were among 335 survivors from a crew of 2,512.
Over 75 years, most of those survivors have died.
Two years ago, when nine survivors remained, four of them met on the Arizona memorial for a final champagne toast to their fallen shipmates.
Visitors tour the USS Arizona memorial at the Pearl Harbor historical site and memorial in Honolulu, Hawaii, on Nov. 9, 2011. (Photo11: AFP/Getty Images)
Today, five remain. Four of them made the trip to Hawaii and will attend a memorial ceremony Wednesday for two crewmates who died in the past year.
The five Arizona survivors still living:
Lauren Bruner (Photo11: Special for The Republic)
Lauren Bruner, 96, La Mirada, Calif.
Bruner joined the Arizona in 1939, when the ship was undergoing maintenance at the Navy shipyard in Bremerton, Wash. He was a Fire Controlman 3rd Class by December 1941. He was in the anti-aircraft gun director, a steel cube on the ship's main mast, when a bomb exploded near the Arizona's munition stores. He and five other crewmen escaped the burning wreckage, climbing hand over hand down a rope onto the repair ship Vestal. Bruner suffered severe burns, but served through the war. He is in Hawaii this week.
Lou Conter, 95, Grass Valley, Calif.
Lou Conter (Photo11: Special for The Republic)
Conter boarded the Arizona in early 1940, weeks after he enlisted in the Navy, and was a quartermaster 3rd class in December 1941. As the attack intensified the morning of Dec. 7, Conter helped tend to the wounded on the Arizona and loaded a group of survivors on a boat bound for Ford Island. He went to flight training school in the months after the attack and joined the Navy's Black Cat squadron, flying night missions over the Pacific Ocean. He later served in Korea and helped establish training programs for the Navy, some of which are still in use. He is in Hawaii this week.
Ken Potts, 95, Provo, Utah
Ken Potts (Photo11: Special for The Republic)
Potts was assigned to the Arizona in December 1939 and was a coxswain by December 1941. On the ship, Potts operated a crane, lifting the Arizona's small floatplanes out of the water. He was steering a supply launch back to the Arizona when the attack began. He scrambled on board to get to his battle station. He helped get wounded sailors onto the launch and took them to Ford Island. He remained in Hawaii through the war, running motor launches from shore to ships moving in and out of Pearl Harbor. He is in Hawaii this week.
Donald Stratton, 94, Colorado Springs, Colo.
Donald Stratton (Photo11: Special for The Republic)
Stratton reported to the Arizona in December 1940 and a year later, in Pearl Harbor, was a Seaman 1st Class. Stratton was on the way to visit an ailing buddy when the attack started.
He was with Bruner in the gun director when the fire from the munition explosion engulfed the deck. Flames seared his skin and burned his clothes. He escaped to the Vestal with the help of a crewman on that ship, but suffered extensive burns.
After recovering, he re-enlisted in the Navy and served through the end of the war. He is in Hawaii this week.
Lonnie Cook, 96, Morris, Okla.
Lonnie Cook (Photo11: Special for The Republic)
Cook boarded the Arizona in July 1940 and was a Seaman 1st Class by December 1941.
Not long after he reported, the Arizona sailed across the equator and Cook participated in the raucous ceremony for sailors on their first such trip. Cook was headed for his battle station in the midst of the attack when the order came to abandon ship. He helped lower life rafts into the water until he was forced to leave.
He was aboard the USS Lexington when it sank in 1942 and his ship was part of the American forces at Midway. He did not make the trip to Hawaii this week.
These three Arizona crewmen have died in the past 14 months:
John Anderson died Nov. 14, 2014, at the age of 98. He was living at the time in Roswell, N.M. Anderson enlisted in the Navy in 1937 with his twin brother, Delbert “Jake” Anderson. John Anderson was assigned to the Arizona, but then served missions elsewhere before rejoining the Arizona, and Jake, in 1941. As Japanese aircraft strafed the ship the morning of Dec. 7, Anderson searched for his brother. He helped wounded sailors to safety, but kept up his search until he had to abandon the ship. Jake was presumed dead. Anderson's remains will be interred in the Arizona's wreckage Wednesday.
Clarendon Hetrick died April 18 in Las Vegas, a month shy of his 93rd birthday. Hetrick enlisted in the Navy when he was 17 and boarded the Arizona in January 1941. He worked as a mess cook among his other duties. When the attack began, he was below deck. He climbed up a hatchway and, as the order to abandon ship was given, he jumped into the water and made his way to Ford Island. He was assigned to other ships and was injured in fighting on Iwo Jima. After his stint in the Navy, he enlisted in the Air Force and fought in Korea. On Wednesday, his remains will be interred in the Arizona.
Raymond Haerry died Sept. 27 in West Warwick, R.I., at the age of 94. He was barely 18 when he enlisted in the Navy in 1940 and by September of that year, he boarded the Arizona as it was being readied for war. He reported to his battle station on the anti-aircraft gun battery when the Japanese attack started and when the munitions stores exploded, he was thrown off the ship. He served on other ships through World War II and the Korean War. He taught at officer's candidate school Newport, R.I., until he retired from the Navy. He will be interred in the Arizona next year.
Follow Shaun McKinnon on Twitter: @shaunmckinnon
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2hgAdRc
Ahmed Hussen: Rules Barring Immigrants with Health Issues 'Outdated'
A section of Canada's immigration law barring anyone from settling in the country if they have a condition deemed a burden on medical or social services is outdated and needs to be brought in line with Canadian values, the minister in charge said Wednesday.
Citizenship and Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen said he's committed to changing the rules currently spelled out in the country's Immigration and Refugee Protection Act and left the door open to the possibility of repealing the section altogether.
Section 38-1C states that a person can't be admitted to Canada if they have a health condition that "might reasonably be expected to cause excessive demand on health or social services.''
The Standing Committee on Citizenship and Immigration is studying medical inadmissibility criteria for newcomers at the request of provincial and territorial ministers and has heard from numerous groups who argued the rules discriminate against people with disabilities and should be scrapped.
Hussen appeared before the committee Wednesday, capping three days of hearings, and said the current rules that have been in place for 40 years are in need of an overhaul.
"This provision needs to be changed. It's simply not in line with our government's policies with respect to moving towards an accessibility agenda, but also with ... how Canadians are increasingly of the opinion that we should be more inclusive as a society," Hussen said before the committee. "I personally think this provision is out of date in terms of looking at those two things."
Hussen was vague on exactly how the law might be changed, saying no decisions would be made without input from the provinces and territories who bear most of the costs of health and social services.
He said, however, that repealing 38-1C was one of the options on the table.
Other options, Hussen said later Wednesday, would include exempting certain groups from the policy or increasing the financial threshold the government uses to calculate admissibility.
Currently a person is generally found inadmissible to Canada if the government determines that their health and social service costs exceed $6,655 per year.
Hussen said raising that bar would have a significant impact.
"That option alone ... will eliminate 80 or 90 per cent of the people that are now captured by the policy," Hussen said of the present setup.
A complete repeal is the route favoured by numerous groups who appeared before the committee this week. Among them were disability rights advocates who denounced the current system as "discriminatory" and "demeaning."
The Council of Canadians with Disabilities told the committee that antiquated notions about disabled people lie at the heart of the law.
The current rules are based on the assumption that a person with a disability is an inherent burden on society regardless of any other skills or qualities they have to offer, the council said.
A more modern approach, it argued, is to consider societal barriers disabled people encounter in everything from inaccessible physical environments to non-inclusive legislation.
The council also told the committee that Section 38-1C flies in the face of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, which the government signed on to earlier this year.
It said the current system openly violates clauses such as Article 18, which affirms disabled people's right to "liberty of movement, to freedom to choose their residence and to a nationality, on an equal basis with others.''
Council First Vice-Chair John Rae has said he hoped Section 38-1C of the Act will ultimately be scrapped and called on the committee to ensure disabled groups have a say in any new law created to take its place.
Hussen said the government remains focused on protecting health, social and education services, but emphasized the need to be more welcoming towards disabled immigrants.
"Our government wants to ensure that the implementation of this policy aligns with our values regarding the inclusion of persons with disabilities into Canadian society," he said.
Scientists: Plastic Solar Cells Could be Hung on Wall Like Posters
December 1st, 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
What if you could walk into your local hardware store and buy a cheap solar panel to hang on your wall? That may not be such a far-fetched idea according to scientists at the UCLA Henri Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. A team of researchers has designed a new polymer (plastic) with greater sunlight absorption and conversion capabilities than any polymer seen before.
The key to the increased capabilities is the substitution of a silicon atom for a carbon atom in the backbone of the polymer. The substitution led the UCLA researchers to reach a 5.6 efficiency rate— an accomplishment for single-layer low-band-gap polymers.
Of course, other non-polymer solar cells have higher efficiency rates. But plastic has a distinct advantage—price. Polymers, which are already used in products such as pipes, insulators, and toys, are much cheaper to produce than silicon solar cells.
So it isn't a complete pipe dream to think that you may be plastering solar cells all over any available surface in the next 5 to 10 years.
Photo Credit: UCLA
North Texas property tax rates have been on the rise recently and new numbers suggest property tax protests are up in Collin, Dallas and Denton counties for 2017. (Published Tuesday, June 13, 2017)
The rising cost of real estate in Dallas-Fort Worth has dominated headlines in recent years, but new numbers from a handful of North Texas counties prove that the “Come and Take It” attitude is still very much alive and well.
In Collin County there have been 64,597 protests filed for residential properties, as opposed to the 53,796 that were filed in 2016. In Dallas County there have been 86,750 protests filed, as opposed to the 76,185 that were filed in 2016. And in Denton County there have been 68,943 protests filed, up from 64,434 filed in 2016.
In Dallas County, the preliminary appraisal increase for residential properties is up 9.9 percent from 2016 to 2017, according to the Dallas Central Appraisal District. In Denton County, that figure reflects a 7 percent increase over 2016.
“We thought there would be an increase in protests this year. We just did not know the extent or how much of an increase,” Deputy Chief of Appraisal for the Denton Central Appraisal District George Clerihew said. “The main reason is just due to the continued strong real estate market. This is the third year in a row of pretty significant increases in the residential market, which means this is the third year in a row of home appraised values increasing.”
Developing Judge Issues Arrest Warrant for Dallas City Councilman
In Tarrant County, the total number of protests for property tax appraisals is down to 95,300 from 105,900 in 2016. The Tarrant Appraisal District did not differentiate between types of property in its reply to NBC DFW, so the specific number of residential property protests could not be determined.
The deadline to file a protest for property tax appraisals was May 31.
Two men injured by gunshots in botched North Side apartment robbery
San Antonio police say two men were shot during a failed robbery at a North Side apartment Sunday night, July 10, 2016. San Antonio police say two men were shot during a failed robbery at a North Side apartment Sunday night, July 10, 2016. Photo: By Quixem Ramirez, Express-News Photo: By Quixem Ramirez, Express-News Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Two men injured by gunshots in botched North Side apartment robbery 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
SAN ANTONIO -- Two men were wounded by gunshots Sunday night after a failed robbery at a North Side apartment complex.
Police responded to 3206 Cripple Creek Street about 9:30 p.m., where a man believed to be between 18-20-years-old entered the front door of the apartment and told the people inside to hand over their belongings.
Sgt. Edward Rodriguez said one of the roommates wrestled the suspect to the ground, but the man was able to shoot one of the residents through the leg. The victim, a man his mid-20's, was taken to a nearby hospital by his roommate. His injuries don't appear to be life threatening, Rodriguez said.
The second roommate grabbed his gun and fired multiple times at the suspect, who ran down the staircase and out of the back patio door, and jumped the fence. Rodriguez said he sustained several gunshot wounds. Police recovered the suspect's gun, which he dropped on the ground while running from the scene.
Authorities believe a man who matched the suspect description was taken to a hospital after the shooting. The extent of the alleged suspect's injuries are unknown, Rodriguez said.
"As of right now, it appears that he might be our suspect," Rodriguez said.
Rodriguez said there is no word on charges for the suspect and the roommate who fired back in response to the intruder. The roommate claims, Rodriguez said, that he was shooting in self-defense after the suspect injured his roommate.
qramirez@express-news.net
Twitter: @quixem
President-electis slamming Democrats again — one day after the intelligence community released an unclassified report confirming its conclusions that Russia sought to interfere in the presidential election.
Trump in a series of tweets early Saturday morning downplayed Russian influence on one hand, stating that there was no evidence the hacking affected election results.
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2017
The assessment from the intelligence community delivered in a public report on Friday and provided to Trump in a separate classified briefing is that Russia sought to influence the election to help the Republican nominee win.
“Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, denigrate Secretary [Hillary] Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency. We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump,” the report said.
The report described a sophisticated Russian campaign ordered by President Vladimir Putin included fake news stories, attacks by state-supported media and the hackings of Democratic political organizations.
The report did not conclude that the Russian interference tipped the scales to Trump, who defeated Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE in the electoral college with surprise wins in the states of Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. Trump was the first Republican to win those states in decades. Clinton won the popular vote.
But the report also said that it did not consider the degree to which Russia's involvement might have shifted the election.
"We did not make an assessment of the impact that Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016 election," it said. The US Intelligence Community is charged with monitoring and assessing the intentions, capabilities, and actions of foreign actors; it does not analyze US political processes or US public opinion."
In a second tweet just after 7 a.m., Trump stated that Democrats were making a lot of “noise” about Russian hacks of Democratic operations because they had been “embarrassed” by the election results.
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2017
Late Friday night, Trump in another tweet said gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee had allowed the hacking by Russia.
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2017
Trump and his team have sought to prevent any talk of Russia's interference in the election from undermining his victory in the election or tarnishing his presidency.
He has talked about the need to move beyond the issue of Russian hacking, but has also at times offered comments on Twitter that have irritated members of the intelligence community by casting doubts on their conclusions.
Brewer's approval rating has sunk to 42% with 49% of voters disapproving of her. The last time PPP found her with numbers that bad was in April of 2010, shortly before the signing of Senate Bill 1070, when she was at 35/46. There are two things helping to drive Brewer's poor ratings: Democrats (77%) are more unified in their disapproval of her than Republicans (69%) are in their approval and independents split against her by a 34/51 margin as well.
Striking while the iron is hot, our friends at Public Policy Polling have a raft of new poll numbers related to Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, the whole redistricting mess she's created, and a hypothetical recall. First up, the good news (for us—bad news for her):
What could be causing this drop? Here's one possibility:
Only 31% of voters support Brewer removing Colleen Mathis as chair of the Redistricting Commission, to 43% who oppose her move. Republicans agree with what Brewer did by a 54/16 margin but Democrats are even more unified in their displeasure with her action, 13/72. Independents think Brewer did the wrong thing by a 19/41 margin as well.
Unfortunately, this doesn't mean voters support the Redistricting Commission's work, though:
The unhappiness with Brewer's actions shouldn't be taken as an endorsement by the Arizona electorate of the Congressional maps that the Commission proposed. Only 25% of voters express support for the proposed lines with 34% opposed to them and an unsurprising 42% holding no opinion on this decidedly insider baseball issue. Voters don't necessarily disagree with Brewer that the House map was flawed, they just disagree with the action she took to deal with the problem.
But here's the real bad news:
Despite Brewer's declining poll numbers there's little support for a recall of her. Only 32% of voters would support such a move to 58% who are opposed. There are a lot of voters [who] don't like Brewer, but don't think she should be removed from office either. This is particularly clear with independents who oppose a recall 25/59, even as they simultaneously give Brewer poor marks for her job performance.
Oof. I wasn't expecting such rough numbers on a potential recall. Even if would-be organizers could obtain sufficient signatures, they'd still need to find a candidate to take on Brewer in a recall. And with sentiment so strongly against a possible recall, recruitment would be difficult—let alone running an actual race. But things can certainly change, and if Brewer goes ahead with her nascent plans to re-impeach Mathis, they can definitely get worse for her.
An introduction to tofu
Tofu, or bean curd, is a popular food derived from soya. It is made by curdling fresh soya milk, pressing it into a solid block and then cooling it – in much the same way that traditional dairy cheese is made by curdling and solidifying milk. The liquid (whey) is discarded, and the curds are pressed to form a cohesive bond. A staple ingredient in Thai and Chinese cookery, it can be cooked in different ways to change its texture from smooth and soft to crisp and crunchy.
The origins of tofu
Like many soya foods, tofu originated in China. Legend has it that it was discovered about 2000 years ago by a Chinese cook who accidentally curdled soy milk when he added nigari seaweed. Introduced into Japan in the eighth century, tofu was originally called okabe. Its modern name did not come into use until 1400. By the 1960s, interest in healthy eating brought tofu to Western nations. Since that time, countless research has demonstrated the many benefits that soya and tofu can provide.
Nutritional highlights
Tofu is a good source of protein and contains all nine essential amino acids. It is also a valuable plant source of iron and calcium and the minerals manganese, selenium and phosphorous. In addition, tofu is a good source of magnesium, copper, zinc and vitamin B1.
Tofu is an excellent food from a nutritional and health perspective. It is thought to provide many of the same benefits as soya beans.
A 100g serving contains: 73 kcal 4.2g fat 0.5g sat fat 0.7g carbohydrate 8.1g protein
Research
Soya protein (from which tofu is derived) is believed to help lower levels of bad cholesterol (LDL). Tofu contains phytoestrogens called isoflavones – a group of chemicals finds in plant foods. They have a similar structure to the female hormone oestrogen and therefore mimic the action of oestrogen produced by the body. They naturally bind to oestrogen receptor sites in human cells including breast cells – potentially reducing the risk of breast cancer.
Due to the phytoestrogen content of soya, many women decide to include soya rich foods like tofu in their diet as they enter the menopause. During the menopause, the body's natural production of oestrogen stops and symptoms may arise. As phytoestrogens act as a weak oestrogen, they may help relieve symptoms by boosting levels slightly, reducing hot flushes in some women.
Genetics and environmental factors play a huge part in how our bodies react to certain foods, so as yet we can't say whether a diet rich in phytoestrogenic foods is beneficial or not. If you are a vegetarian or vegan, soya based foods like tofu can be an invaluable part of your diet.
How to select & store
Tofu can be found in bulk or individual packages, both of which are refrigerated. Tofu is also sold in sealed containers kept at room temperature, which do not need refrigeration until they are opened. When opened, all tofus needs to be rinsed, covered with water and kept in a refrigerated container. To keep the tofu fresh for up to one week, the water should be changed often. If kept in the original package, you can freeze tofu for up to five months.
Given its neutral taste and range of consistency, tofu has an amazing ability to work with almost all types of flavours and foods. Extra firm tofus are best for baking, grilling and stir-fries, while soft tofu is suitable for sauces, desserts, shakes and salad dressings. Of course, it is up to you to experiment! Try slicing, marinating and grilling it or chopping it up into smallish pieces and frying it with garlic until golden. Silken tofu is a creamy, softer product.
Safety
Tofu and all soya products contain large amounts of oxalate. Individuals with a history of oxalate containing kidney stones should avoid over consuming soya products.
Before changing your diet, it is advisable that you speak to your GP or alternative health professional.
Recipe suggestions
Firm tofu makes a great addition to a stir-fry:
Tofu, greens & cashew stir-fry
Sesame noodles with tofu
Experiment with tofu in some classic recipes:
Tofu & spinach cannelloni
Spicy tofu kedgeree
Veggie Thai red curry
Or something a little more unusual:
Tofu & vegetable patties
Devilled tofu kebabs
Tofu is also a great addition to salads:
Soba noodle & edamame salad with grilled tofu
Summer vegetable bowl
This page was last reviewed on 24th September 2018 by Kerry Torrens.
Kerry Torrens is a qualified Nutritionist (MBANT) with a post graduate diploma in Personalised Nutrition & Nutritional Therapy. She is a member of the British Association for Nutrition and Lifestyle Medicine (BANT) and a member of the Guild of Food Writers. Over the last 15 years she has been a contributing author to a number of nutritional and cookery publications including BBC Good Food.
Jo Lewin works as a Community Nutritionist and private consultant. She is a Registered Nutritionist (Public Health) registered with the UKVRN. Visit her website at www.nutrijo.co.uk or follow her on Twitter @nutri_jo.
All health content on bbcgoodfood.com is provided for general information only, and should not be treated as a substitute for the medical advice of your own doctor or any other health care professional. If you have any concerns about your general health, you should contact your local health care provider. See our website terms and conditions for more information.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Ohio State plans to study the possible sale of beer at football games more seriously than ever, athletic director Gene Smith told the Northeast Ohio Media Group.
As more and more colleges start selling alcohol at campus stadiums - Texas in June approved beer and wine sales for this season - Ohio State is adjusting its past stance that dismissed the idea.
"I don't know if it's coming, but we're going to keep studying it, probably at a more intense level than I've studied it in the past," Smith said. "We have to look at it harder."
Virginia Tech will sell beer and wine to some club seat holders for the season opener at Lane Stadium against the Buckeyes, Virginia Tech announced last week. Those will be the first in-stadium alcohol sales for the school.
Maryland in July approved a one-year trial of beer sales at football games, estimating potential revenue of $500,000. Minnesota and Purdue are the other Big Ten schools that sell beer for now. According to USA Today, 32 schools sold alcohol to the general public at football stadiums last season.
Smith said Ohio State's Athletic Council would study the issue this year in conjunction with Dr. John Clapp, a professor and the director of Ohio State's Higher Education Center for Alcohol and Drug Abuse Prevention and Recovery. Smith said that could include surveys of OSU fans at games. He expects the athletic department to be ready to make a decision about the future after this season.
* Winning helps $67.5 million fundraising for 3 new buildings
Schools have turned to alcohol sales, or considered them, as the costs of running athletic programs rise amid a future of increased athlete compensation.
In 2012, Smith told the Toledo Blade he understood why smaller athletic departments did it, but at Ohio State they "just don't need to do that."
Last summer, Smith told The Lantern, Ohio State's student newspaper, that he hadn't proposed alcohol sales and probably wouldn't.
"Don't feel we need to," Smith said.
There was also a time when Ohio State wasn't interested in playing many night football games. Now the Buckeyes have four primetime regular-season games after playing five at night last season.
Consider this reconsideration a similar nod to changing times.
Smith is aware enough of the possibility that he took note last fall when Ohio State played in Minneapolis of where Minnesota positions its beer tents.
Smith estimated that beer sales at Ohio State would generate at least $1 million, but Ohio State would receive only a portion of that as part of its concessions contract. One point to keep in mind according to Smith - Ohio State fans stay in their seats to watch the game, he said. So they may not be interested in long beer lines.
But Ohio State feels it can't sit and watch as beer pops up in more college football stadiums around the country.
YOU could almost cut the hubris with a knife in Canberra, when the carbon tax legislation was passed as expected in the lower house.
Gloating Greens and Getup apparatchiks were thick on the ground.
"Today was a big day for the planet," tweeted Greens MP Adam Bandt, ridiculously.
Bandt and turncoat independent Tony Windsor stood at the doors to the chamber after the vote, basking in the attention as Labor MPs streamed out, all smiles and backslaps and hugs.
Greens leader Bob Brown was cockahoop even before the vote, telling everyone who would listen that Australia has the Greens to thank for the troubled legislation.
"The Greens and Christine Milne not least can take a great deal of credit. If we weren't here we wouldn't be a nation moving ahead."
Brown went on to list the usual climate scares: a "wrecked Great Barrier Reef and Murray-Darling Basin", "no ski fields left by the middle of the century" and 700,000 coastal properties doomed.
Of course he never explains that a carbon tax in Australia will make zero difference to the climate.
But his chutzpah knows no bounds. Even as protesters were being thrown out of the public gallery, Brown claimed that Australia "in the main" wants the carbon tax, when polls show that support for a carbon tax collapsed this year.
The latest Newspoll even found that climate change slipped to last place of the ten most important issues in the minds of Australians.
And for the first time, voters judge the Coalition better able to handle climate change, 31 per cent to 28 per cent.
Not exactly a ringing endorsement of the carbon tax.
Brown also singled out the independents as "sterling parliamentarians".
The so-called independent MPs Windsor and Rob Oakeshott might have been basking in the praise of Labor and Greens MPs after the carbon tax squeaked through, thanks to their votes.
But back in their conservative electorates, the reaction is quite different.
A mail-in survey wheeled on trolleys into Parliament House by Nationals MP John Williams yesterday has found that 89 per cent of respondents in New England and 87 per cent in Lyne wanted their MPs to vote against the carbon tax.
But judging by the happy look on the independents' faces yesterday, they only care about Canberra.
Originally published as Climate of green fear awaits us
It's a long road to Congress finalizing the new federal budget. But under President Trump's proposed plan, Atlanta's transportation future could be at risk.
Like us on Facebook
When Atlanta voters approved a half-penny sales tax last year to expand MARTA, the idea was that the money raised could be used to draw in matching federal dollars.
Trump's budget proposal says it will cut off future funding for the Federal Transit Administration's New Starts program.
“This is the program that people in the city of Atlanta were hoping to pair with the money they are raising to build more of the transit network and add transit to the BeltLine,” said Steve Davis, a spokesperson with the advocacy group Transportation for America.
In a statement, MARTA says the budget proposal is “not promising,” but says it looks forward to trying to make its case to the administration.
Another federal transportation funding mechanism, the TIGER grant program, is also slated to be cut. The city got $10 million for improvements on MLK Drive through TIGER last year.
Davis said the need for more transportation options in a city like Atlanta, where congestion is growing along an expanding business community, is only going to get more dire.
“Rhetorically, there's a big issue with a president who wants to be known as an infrastructure president, and has been talking since Nov. 8 about making a trillion-dollar investment in infrastructure,” Davis said. “This proposal undercuts that stated commitment in a significant way.”
Environmental Budget Cuts
The Environmental Protection Agency could be the federal government's biggest loser if the Trump administration gets its budget wishes granted. The proposed 30 percent funding cut is one piece that has local environmental activists worried.
Gil Rogers, director of the Atlanta office of the Southern Environmental Law Center, said an important research program on Georgia's coast is in the crosshairs: the proposed budget specifically lists the Sea Grant project to be eliminated.
“It's a whole program that helps coastal communities prepare for sea level rise, health modeling, coastal hazards, water quality – really the whole gamut of science that underpins healthy coastal communities,” Rogers said.
The Sea Grant program was created in the 1960s and funds research by more than 30 universities, including the University of Georgia. The Georgia program gets about $1.3 million in federal funding a year.
Rogers said meanwhile, the budget calls for faster ways to expand offshore oil drilling.
Last week we took some time to set up the prerequisites of building R packages, so if you haven't done so already, feel free to take a look at Part 0: Setting Up R. This week we will look at the basic structure of R-Packages – its skeleton if you will.
The Building Blocks: Functions
As you are probably aware, packages are nothing more than collections of functions. Most of the time they are a collection of interconnected functions which stem from a certain area of statistics. In this post we will not go into the nitty-gritty details of how to write functions or what you should and shouldn't do. Instead, this is just a quick refresher. The following code was used by Frederick Ho in his first post on longitudinal analysis with multilevel growth models, I've just wrapped it in a function to make it reusable with as little effort as possible.
trajectories <- function(model, occasions=1:3, timevar='time', confidence=.95) { dat.new <- data.frame(occasions) names(dat.new) <- timevar dat.new$measure <- predict(model, dat.new, re.form=NA) zcrit <- qnorm(c((1-confidence)/2,1-(1-confidence)/2)) m.mat <- model.matrix(terms(model), dat.new) dat.new$var <- diag(m.mat %*% vcov(model) %*% t(m.mat)) + unlist(VarCorr(model)) dat.new$pvar <- dat.new$var + sigma(m)^2 dat.new$ci.lb <- with(dat.new, measure + zcrit[1] * sqrt(var)) dat.new$ci.ub <- with(dat.new, measure + zcrit[2] * sqrt(var)) dat.new$pi.lb <- with(dat.new, measure + zcrit[1] * sqrt(pvar)) dat.new$pi.ub <- with(dat.new, measure + zcrit[2] * sqrt(pvar)) return(dat.new) }
If you're not familiar with Frederick's post, go check it out. For a quick recap it is sufficient to know, that this function calculates the confidence as well as the prediction interval around the value predicted in a growth model. It takes four arguments model , occasions , timevar , and confidence .
The first, as the name might suggest, expects a model – specifically an object of class lmerMod . Because this function doesn't have an explicit fail-safe providing a model from some other package for mixed-effects modeling (e.g. nlme ) will likely throw a cryptic error. But, as is, it should work with lme4 . The second argument, occasions , expects a vector of occasions. Using the seq -function you ask for any length or precision in the depicted time. By providing it with a default (in this case a sequence from 1 to 3) the argument does not need to be specified every time. The same is true for the timevar -argument which wants the name of variable in the model used to code time. Finally, the function allows you to provide a confidence level of your choosing with the omnipresent .95 being the default.
Adding A Dataset
Most packages come with data sets for testing out the functions. These can usually be called via data and will most often be what is used in the examples provided in the help-files. Again, we will use Frederick's example:
library(MASS) set.seed(140915) dat.tx.a <- mvrnorm(n=250, mu=c(30, 20, 28), Sigma=matrix(c(25.0, 17.5, 12.3, 17.5, 25.0, 17.5, 12.3, 17.5, 25.0), nrow=3, byrow=TRUE)) dat.tx.b <- mvrnorm(n=250, mu=c(30, 20, 22), Sigma=matrix(c(25.0, 17.5, 12.3, 17.5, 25.0, 17.5, 12.3, 17.5, 25.0), nrow=3, byrow=TRUE)) fred <- data.frame(rbind(dat.tx.a, dat.tx.b)) names(fred) <- c('measure.1', 'measure.2', 'measure.3') fred <- data.frame(subject.id = factor(1:500), tx = rep(c('A', 'B'), each = 250), fred) rm(dat.tx.a, dat.tx.b) fred <- reshape(fred, varying = c('measure.1', 'measure.2', 'measure.3'), idvar = 'subject.id', direction = 'long')
The only difference to what you will find between this code and the one that Frederick used in his three past posts on longitudinal data analysis is that I used the set.seed function to make all values be exactly the same every time I run this. Also, to avoid any confusion with other data-related functions and objects I named the dataset fred instead of dat .
Building The Skeleton
That's all we need for the most minimalist package. By executing the code I presented here your global environment should only contain two things: the function trajectories and the dataframe fred . Let's check:
ls() "fred" "trajectories"
If there's more in your environment, get rid of it with:
rm(list=ls()[!ls()%in%c('fred','trajectories')])
One more thing: make sure that you have set the working directory to where you want to create your package. Now, let's build the package. The first function you can use to create the structure you need for an R-Package is package.skeleton . This function will usually require you to provide one – at most two – arguments. The first ( name ) is the name of the package. I will name this one “dsp” – as in DataSciencePlus. With the second argument you can provide a list of objects in your global environment that you want in the package. Because we just ensured that there is nothing but the necessary components in the global environment we can neglect this argument. Doing so will pour your entire global environment into the package.
package.skeleton('dsp') Creating directories ... Creating DESCRIPTION ... Creating NAMESPACE ... Creating Read-and-delete-me ... Saving functions and data ... Making help files ... Done. Further steps are described in './dsp/Read-and-delete-me'.
This should create a directory called “dsp” in my working directory. To investigate what this new directory contains, we can use (or your basic file browser, whichever you prefer)
dir('./dsp') "data" "DESCRIPTION" "man" "NAMESPACE" "R" "Read-and-delete-me"
The three elements data , man , and R are directories; the other three are text files.
dir('./dsp',recursive=TRUE) "data/fred.rda" "DESCRIPTION" "man/dsp-package.Rd" "man/fred.Rd" "man/trajectories.Rd" "NAMESPACE" "R/dsp-internal.R" "Read-and-delete-me" "R/trajectories.R"
As you can see the data directory contains the dataset we created, called fred.rda . In the future, all example datasets we want to add to the package will also be stored in this directory. The man directory contains three .Rd files. The ending stands for R documentation, making it quite probable that man stands for manual. We will take a closer look at these files in an upcoming post, but rest assured that these are what is used to generate the HTML you see when you call the help -function on any R-function. The final directory – R – contains the .R-files. One is internal – something we will also look at at a later date – and one is named after and contains the function we created.
The DESCRIPTION
Before looking at the DESCRIPTION file, we should take a look at the aptly named Read-and-delete-me . This file is automatically generated and should contain the following text:
* Edit the help file skeletons in 'man', possibly combining help files for multiple functions. * Edit the exports in 'NAMESPACE', and add necessary imports. * Put any C/C++/Fortran code in 'src'. * If you have compiled code, add a useDynLib() directive to 'NAMESPACE'. * Run R CMD build to build the package tarball. * Run R CMD check to check the package tarball. Read "Writing R Extensions" for more information.
All very good advice – some of which we will even follow. On to the DESCRIPTION -file. This should look something like this:
Package: dsp Type: Package Title: What the package does (short line) Version: 1.0 Date: 2015-09-14 Author: Who wrote it Maintainer: Who to complain to Description: More about what it does (maybe more than one line) License: What license is it under?
The first two lines are acceptable as is, but we should change the title of the package to something a bit more descriptive.
Title: DataSciencePlus Example
Next up is the version. Version numbering can be an immensely tricky subject and there are quite a few guidelines out there. There is just one rule that is given by R: all values must be numeric. The rest is up to you. The one guideline I (try to) follow is called Semantic Versioning and is very close to the one proposed by Hadley Wickham in his book on writing R-Packages. The idea is that the version consists of three components: major.minor.patch . The idea is that major versions may break compatibility with previous versions, while minor versions do not. Patches are bug fixes which introduce no changes besides repairing what was not working correctly in the release. Your version number should start out at 0.1.0 and the minor version should increase until the initial public release. At that point it should change to 1.0.0 and increase in the major.minor.patch format.
Version: 0.1.0
The next three lines can be changed at your leisure – you should always provide a functioning Email-Address to take responsibility for your mistakes. The package description should clarify what the package can be used for or what is. In this case let's go with:
Description: An example for creating packages from DataSciencePlus
The final line – the license – can also be topic of some debate. You should concern yourself with it before making the package accessible to the public, but it is not something we will concern ourselves with right now.
What we have now is the bare-bone structure of the package. Next time we will take a look at writing the documentation for a package and some other fun stuff.
In 2008, Joss Whedon released Dr. Horrible's Singalong Blog – a musical superhero web series in three acts. His intention was to write and produce a relatively inexpensive story for an online release that could circumvent the writers' strike.
Dr. Horrible followed Whedon's musical tradition — many Buffy fans remember the show's one sing-son episode, Once More With Feeling, affectionately — but the series was informed by writing a tad sharper and more nihilistic than Whedon's work on Buffy or Firefly. Whedon and his team of writers and composers, comprising his brothers Zack and Jed, and Maurissa Tancharoen, built out a super-villain's origin story that didn't feel gimmicky or frivolous. In typical Whedon-fashion, the series ended with a raw gut-punch of violence, and gave us two contrasting shots of the protagonist, one as a super-villain and the other as a lonely, defeated man. It is a perfect, encapsulated superhero story, both primed for a sequel and transfixing enough to stand alone. Marvel would do well to pay attention.
This is how you build a villain with staying power
Fans and critics tend to agree that, although Marvel's films have largely been successfully watchable and fun, the franchise has yet to settle on a cinematic villain with the potential to be a multi-film threat. Thanos is going to be a big deal for the Avengers, Guardians and maybe even Defenders in the next phase of releases, but no one's arguing that he's a nuanced or interesting character. He's just a big deal because Marvel has told us that he is.
The closest equivalent to Dr. Horrible in the MCU is Loki, whom the franchise actually gave quite a bit of backstory in Thor, The Avengers and Thor: The Dark World. They're both comical characters, they're both ethically difficult to root for, and they both express low self esteem and a blind desire to rule societies for no reason, other than deserving more than what life gave them.
In Loki's case, world domination is a replacement for the paternal love he feels he didn't receive. He hopes to claim stake in the entire universe in order to make up for not belonging to any place in particular, neither Asgard nor Jotunheim, where he was born. In Dr. Horrible's case, or, rather, Billy's case, he's actually a typical “Nice Guy” who believes he deserves feminine attention from the girl he has a crush on, because he's smarter than her boyfriend. The viewer doesn't have to identify with Loki or Billy to understand their motivations, but it helps to have an emotional foothold when following their actions as they play out onscreen.
Comedy isn't just one-off punchlines, it has to be intrinsic to a story
Granted, Whedon's work is typically full of pithy little soundbites, but he's also fantastic at coaxing his actors into pristine comedic timing. Some of the jokes in Dr. Horrible are so bent on the visual that it's impossible to get the full effect of the show through just its soundtrack, though every song on the album is pretty funny, too.
Whedon's mark is obvious in the Marvel films he did direct, and his absence is glaring in the films that came out following his burnout. While the original Avengers film employs a pleasant rhythm, moving its attention from brawls to goofy bits and back to punch-outs again, Civil War was a largely dour tapestry sprinkled with a sparse number of laugh lines.
When Bucky asked Falcon to move up his seat in Cap's old car, for instance, the audience in my screening laughed almost maniacally, and suddenly, like their laughter had been trapped behind a dam, and that one exchange had punched a hole in it. The Russo brothers, who directed Winter Soldier too, are slated to direct the Infinity War movies. Though they're not strangers to comedic writing, and count Arrested Development among their credits, the Russos will potentially play casualties to the slow decay in Marvel's epic storytelling. The scope of its cinematic world is growing at an alarming rate, and without careful recalibration of individual narratives, the MCU runs the risk of bloating out beyond recognition.
Comedy is the great equalizer, and discovering what makes each character's journey joyful and even funny is a good way to hone in on a central through-line for each individual MCU film. Think of Ant-Man, one of the MCU's biggest surprises: because it endeavored to be funny above all else, the film didn't leave fans with the sense that the larger Marvel universe had been temporarily lost or forgotten during its run-time. We laughed, we heard the characters refer quickly to Iron Man, and nothing hurt.
Hint at a larger world without disrupting the narrative
Within the first few minutes of Dr. Horrible, the audience learns Billy's primary objective, the characters he needs to impress, and exactly how the power struggle between superheroes vs super-villains works, in this particular universe. Of course, the narrative device at work here is Billy's “video blog”, which allows Whedon to write explication pretty easily. Dr. Horrible effectively explains everything he's about to do, and everything he's just done, in a low budget style. We never see much action, but Neil Patrick Harris delivers a compelling description. More importantly, two characters other than Billy — both Penny (a non-super) and Moist (Dr. Horrible's sidekick) — reference Bad Horse, a super-villain who calls himself the Thoroughbred of Sin.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Some of Marvel's attempts to hint at a larger universe during its smaller stories are effective, but most are clunky. Remember that “flag waver” line in Jessica Jones, when the series' heroine described the Avengers as if she either didn't know their names (is that likely, at this point, in Marvel's fictional New York) or didn't care. If Jessica Jones doesn't care about other superheroes, or even know much about them, why would viewers feel compelled to explore the rest of the MCU?
Orchestrate memorable music
Dr. Horrible is, obviously, a musical, so its soundtrack is one of its primary merits, but the use of music in the MCU films hasn't really been memorable. The only great superhero theme to come out of contemporary film of late was Wonder Woman's short theme in Batman v Superman, and Marvel doesn't have anything to combat that track with.
Imagine how gorgeous some of the MCU's team-ups could have been, if the production company had thought to thread individual heroes' themes into a recognizable musical crescendo? Star Wars employs themes for each setting, and for important characters, and Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy is still memorable for its unique melodies. Fans can still tell when we're in Rohan just by listening to a soundtrack — why shouldn't Wakanda, for instance, have its own theme?
Since Joss Whedon is, in his own words, happily divorced from the MCU, creators of future films and Netflix series are unlikely to look toward Whedon's low-budget works for inspiration. That's unfortunate, because Dr. Horrible would be particularly useful to the creators of the Defenders series, and the eventual team-up on Netflix.
Gary Gillingwater said he was only trying to help. That's why he only charged $100.
Instead, the 57-year-old man's experiment with castration surgery ended with a guilty plea in Provincial Court yesterday. He pleaded guilty to one count of unlawfully causing bodily harm, and was sentenced to 100 hours of community service.
Mr. Gillingwater, of Fort Qu'Appelle, Sask., faced the charge after removing the testicles of a man in a surgical procedure at a Fort Qu'Appelle hotel on May 11. Mr. Gillingwater, who corresponded with the man through Internet messages, had no medical experience, apart from castrating cattle, horses and pigs on the family farm when he was a boy, he told the court.
Story continues below advertisement
In a presentencing hearing, Mr. Gillingwater's lawyer told Judge Ken Bellerose that the man seeking the operation was in a desperate psychological state. He turned to Mr. Gillingwater for the medical procedure because he felt he had no other option.
"Mr. Gillingwater is a bright, articulate man who was trying to help someone out," his lawyer, Pat Reis, told court.
The man on whom Mr. Gillingwater performed the surgery can't be named or otherwise identified because of a court order.
Crown prosecutor Lane Wiegers said the two met through a Florida-based Web site dedicated to the topic of human castration. The man asked on the site's bulletin board whether anyone in Western Canada could remove a person's testicles, and was directed to Mr. Gillingwater.
The Fort Qu'Appelle resident billed himself as "TopDog" and "CutterCanada" on the Web site and said he had been doing human castrations since 1975.
In fact, Mr. Gillingwater had never done the procedure.
He told court that, in addition to his farm experience, he studied how to surgically remove a man's testicles on the Internet.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"There's a lot of stuff out there," he said. "You'd be surprised."
On the night of May 11, Mr. Gillingwater removed the man's testicles in an hourlong operation, done without any anesthetic.
Mr. Gillingwater said the man's testicles appeared scarred and damaged. The man had made previous attempts to remove those parts of his body, Mr. Gillingwater told the court.
After the operation the man started to bleed profusely from his groin.
"If he hadn't been taken to hospital, the man would have bled to death after the surgery," Mr. Wiegers told the court.
When Fort Qu'Appelle RCMP seized Mr. Gillingwater's computer during the investigation, they found hundreds of e-mails from across North America and Europe addressed to Mr. Gillingwater's aliases, the Crown prosecutor added.
Story continues below advertisement
"Many of those people wanted such a person's services because it is a long process to undergo a complete sex change," Mr. Wiegers added.
However, Mr. Gillingwater e-mailed them back saying he was no longer doing the surgery, Mr. Reis told court.
Pin 294 296 Shares
With warm weather here, it's time to pull out the grill! And while I love a good steak as well as the next person, veggies are my food of choice! So here is a great, easy way to make fantastic veggies on the grill with a homemade marinade that is sure to leave you licking your lips! So fire up that grill and get ready to veg it out!
What You Will Need
1 Clove of Garlic
1/4 Cup Olive Oil
Cilantro
1/2 Cup Lime Juice
Zucchini
Squash
Peppers (Red, Yellow, Green)
Onion
Sugar Snap Peas
Carrots
How to Make It
Start by making your marinade. In a food processor or blender, mix your garlic and olive oil until it is a liquid consistency.
Then add in fresh cilantro and your lime juice and blend to a liquid consistancy.
Once you have your marinade, pour over your freshly cut veggies and place them in the refrigerator for about an hour to marinate.
Once your veggies have marinated, you're ready to grill them! Heat up your grill to medium heat and get a large piece of heavy duty aluminum foil. Pour your veggies onto the aluminum foil and spread them out evenly.
Now take a second piece of foil and cover your veggies, rolling up the ends so that you create a sealed pouch around your vegetables.
Now place your pouch of veggies on the grill.
Grill on each side for 15 minutes or until veggies are the crunchiness you like! Then CAREFULLY remove your aluminum pouch from the grill, open it and see your perfectly cooked veggies!
Enjoy with a great meat or by themselves! And they chill wonderfully so you can have veggie goodness all week long!
Luke Shaw (left) has made 21 appearances for United since joining them for £27m last summer
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says he does not want Luke Shaw to play for England at this summer's European Under-21 Championship.
Full-back Shaw, who joined United from Southampton last June, has missed much of this season because of injuries.
Van Gaal said: "When you are not playing for Man Utd you cannot play for other teams. He needs the rest.
"He is 19. We have to protect him. I hope that the coach of the Under-21s understands that."
Shaw has started just 18 games for United since joining them for £27m last summer, as ankle and hamstring injuries disrupted his maiden campaign with the club.
He will miss United's match with Arsenal on Sunday after receiving an elbow to the face in the win at Crystal Palace last weekend.
The left-back's fitness was also questioned by Van Gaal during pre-season.
Harry Kane has scored 30 goals for Tottenham this season
Van Gaal's comments put further doubt on the prospect of England Under-21 manager Gareth Southgate being able to select a full-strength squad for this summer's tournament, to be held in the Czech Republic between 17-30 June.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane, who scored on his senior England debut, could feature for the U21s but Spurs have arranged a friendly in Australia less than three weeks before England's first game against Portugal on 18 June.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez said recently that midfielder Ross Barkley would need a "proper break" in the summer, while Southgate has previously said he is "not convinced another tournament in the summer would be right" for Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling, who played for England in the 2014 World Cup.
However, in March, Southgate, whose side qualified for the finals without losing a match, said he does not expect Premier League clubs to oppose the release of players, adding: "We've looked after the players physically, and that helps us in terms of their release."
England's last appearance at the tournament in 2013 ended with Stuart Pearce's side exiting from the group stage having lost all three of their matches.
Local vendors will also display tables stacked with wares for sale. View Full Caption Shutterstock
BRIDGEPORT — St. Mary of Perpetual Help is getting ready for what church leaders call "Bridgeport's Biggest Garage Sale."
The 10th annual garage sale is scheduled from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. for Aug. 6 at 1039 W. 32nd St.
Shoppers will have plenty of items to sift through, including tools, toys, electronics, furniture, home decorations and many other items donated to the church.
Local vendors will also display tables stacked with wares for sale.
The garage sale will feature "power hour" at 5 p.m. During that time, you can stuff a bag with items. Each bag — and you can fill as many as you want — costs $1.
Lunch and refreshments will be sold.
If you're interested in donating items for the sale, the church will accept donations — except clothes or bedding — on Aug. 4 and Aug. 5 from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.
For more information about the sale and how to reserve a vendor table, call the church at 773-927-6646.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Convicted terrorist Omar Khadr is reportedly set to receive more than $10 million from taxpayers in a deal that one Conservative MP has called "absolutely wrong."
Justin Trudeau's Liberal government is also going to apologize to the former Guantanamo Bay detainee, according to a source familiar with the deal. The Toronto-born Khadr, 30, pleaded guilty to five war crimes before a military commission in 2010, related to alleged offences that occurred in Afghanistan in 2002, including the murder of a U.S. soldier. Khadr had sued the federal government for $20 million for breaching his rights.
Part of the $10.5 million will go to Khadr's legal team, while the apology will be delivered by the justice and public safety ministers, the source said.
Khadr's lawyers and a spokesman for Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale refused to comment publicly citing confidentiality reasons. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, however, did not deny a deal had been reached.
While Amnesty International welcomed news of the settlement, which another source said was signed last Wednesday, it has also sparked fierce criticism.
Conservative MP Tony Clement said “most Canadians know this is absolutely wrong” and urged Khadr to give any settlement money to the widow and children of the American soldier he was accused of killing in Afghanistan.
The Canadian Taxpayers Federation started an online petition aimed at Trudeau, deploring the deal.
“This is offensive to many Canadians,” the petition states. “Canadians should not be forced to pay millions of dollars to a killer.”
Khadr's lawyers filed the $20-million wrongful imprisonment lawsuit, arguing the government violated international law by not protecting its own citizen and conspired with the U.S. in its abuse of the prisoner.
The suit was, in part, based on a Supreme Court of Canada decision from 2010 that Canadian intelligence officials obtained evidence from Khadr under “oppressive circumstances,” such as sleep deprivation, during interrogations at Guantanamo Bay in 2003, and then shared that evidence with U.S officials.
A badly wounded 15-year-old Khadr was captured by U.S. troops following a firefight at a suspected al-Qaida compound that resulted in the death of an American special forces soldier, U.S. Army Sgt. Christopher Speer. Khadr was accused of throwing the grenade that killed Speer but the evidence against him was flimsy.
He pleaded guilty in 2010 to charges that included Speer's murder and was sentenced to for a further eight years in custody. Khadr later said he only pleaded guilty to get out of Guantanamo. The youngest and last Western detainee held at the infamous U.S. military prison in Cuba returned to Canada in 2012 to serve the remainder of his sentence. He was finally released on bail in Edmonton in May 2015 pending an appeal of his guilty plea.
After his release, he apologized to the families of the victims — as he had done at his guilty plea. He also said he rejected violent jihad and wanted a fresh start to finish his education. Lately, he has said wanted to work as a nurse.
Speer's widow and retired American sergeant Layne Morris, who was blinded by a grenade at the Afghan compound where Khadr was captured, won a default US$134.2 million in damages against Khadr in 2015, but Canadian experts called it highly unlikely the judgment could be enforced.
A long-standing attempt to get the military commission conviction against Khadr overturned in the United States remains stalled.
Earlier this year, the federal government apologized to three men to compensate them for the role Canadian officials played in their torture in Syria and Egypt. The apology to Khadr would follow similar lines, the source said.
Posted April 1, 2015 at 2:51 am
That book Sarah is reading is Storm Front, the first book of The Dresden Files series. It's not a series I would recommend to everyone, and I would say it's definitely for grown up audiences, but I'm a big fan of the series. I particularly like the audiobooks that are read by James Marsters, aka that guy who played Spike on Buffy The Vampire Slayer.
Figuring out how to explain Sarah's spell was tricky. I've already shown it in action and had Sarah say stuff about it, so it wasn't just a matter of summarizing it. It was a matter of explaining it in a way that everyone who's found it confusing so far would understand. As I've mentioned, there are at least two reasons I want to make sure people understand the basics of how this spell works, so I really want to make it clear.
In any case, imagine how much reading Sarah could get done!
A break and enter suspect who was caught tossing urinal cakes while running from police and a woman who posted on Facebook that her husband was "trying to kill" her by passing gas, topped the short list of "silliest calls" received by the Chatham-Kent Police Service in 2016.
In a media release, the police service states that members of the public are asked to contact police when they observe "crimes, suspicious activities, or have concerns that may be of a criminal nature."
The annual list, released on Dec. 27, chronicles the calls that "don't quite fit" those categories.
Chatham-Kent Police Service silliest calls of 2016
10. Police were called and asked about deliveries of the London Free Press to specific neighbourhoods.
9. A caller told Emergency Communication his wife's purse had been stolen, but the call taker did not write down the word 'purse.' Police said this caused "a lot of concern" for those who read it and believed the man's wife had been stolen over an hour ago.
8. A man used social media to send police a picture of a thermostat and asked if they could help regulate the temperature in his apartment.
7. A woman called 911 in distress because her cable TV was showing French programs and she was not French.
6. Police were called to a home to settle a dispute between neighbours about who owned a jar of peanut butter.
5. A 911 dispatcher was called and asked whether they could provide the phone number of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
4. A woman called Chatham-Kent police to ask if it was legal for her to catch squirrels in her backyard and bring them to a nearby farmer's field.
3. A thief broke into his neighbour's apartment only to find him standing there holding a baseball bat. While fleeing the man lost a boot, but later sent his girlfriend back to retrieve it.
2. While pursuing a man following a commercial break and enter officers observed him tossing pink urinal cakes. Police said the man later explained he used the urinal cakes to play hockey.
1. Friends became concerned when a woman in Chatham posted "He's trying to kill me," on Facebook. When they couldn't get ahold of her they asked police to check in on her. The woman was found to be fine, but a bit embarrassed. "She explained to the officers that she posted 'he's trying to kill me,' in reference to the toxic gas in the room after her husband passed gas," wrote Chatham-Kent police.
Best speeding excuses of 2016
Police also recorded "actual quotes" that drivers in the municipality tried to use as excuses for speeding.
Thanks to some internet pranksters, Taylor Swift is in the midst of getting the Pitbull treatment in an online poll. Swift has teamed up up with Papa John's so that fans (read: anyone on the internet) can vote to send the country star to perform at any school campus in the nation. The school with the most votes right now? The Horace Mann School for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing in Massachusetts.
See, the internet trolls will tell you it's “hilarious,” because those students won't be able to hear Taylor's “terrible” music. It's one thing to punk Pitbull and send him to a remote outpost in Alaska, but this is just a jerk move that makes a very lame Taylor Swift joke at the expense of deaf students who actually can enjoy musical performances (via bass vibrations, the spectacle, etc).
Voting is still open through September 23, so the outcome isn't locked up yet, but you know what? We hope Horace Mann wins, because the school would get the performance and a $10,000 grant for its music department.
Do you think Taylor will end up performing at Horace Mann? Let us know in the comments below, or on Facebook and Twitter.
The undergraduate students' union at Toronto's York University has passed a resolution to endorse the BDS campaign against Israel.
One of the largest student unions in Canada has passed a resolution to endorse the Global Campaign for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) against Israel.
Last week, York University's undergraduate students' union, the York Federation of Students, voted overwhelmingly in favor of the resolution, according to a statement by the group "Students Against Israeli Apartheid (SAIA) York."
The statement said that with 18 votes in favor and 2 opposed, the board of the York Federation of Students passed the resolution to endorse the BDS campaign, as well as demand that York University abide by the BDS call.
The union has specifically urged the University to withdraw its investments from Northrop Grumman, BAE Systems, Amphenol and other companies that are selling weapons and military equipment to Israel, said SAIA's statement.
“The oppression of the Palestinian people at the hands of the Israeli state is not some far off issue that we can choose to ignore. We are already deeply implicated in the human rights violations of the Israeli State through our investments in the above-mentioned companies. We do not have the privilege to remain ‘neutral' on this issue,” said SAIA York member Huda Al-Sarraj.
Last November, noted SAIA York, a BDS motion was passed by the York University Graduate Students' Association (GSA).
“SAIA York now hopes to bring its demand for divestment to the York University Administration by lobbying for the implementation of a socially responsible investment policy. With the support of the GSA and the YFS, as well as the TA's, GA's and contract faculty union, CUPE 3903, which passed a BDS motion in 2006, SAIA York will now demand an end to the investment of university funds into companies that profit from violations of international law and human rights,” said the group.
The move was blasted by Jewish organizations in Canada, including the UJA Federation of Greater Toronto and the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs.
A UJA statement said that it was “appalling that YFS would pass such a radical resolution that clearly discriminates against the people of Israel based on their nation of origin. The manner in which this motion was passed is equally disturbing. The meeting at which the BDS motion was brought forth was arranged under dubious and secretive circumstances with little forewarning given to any of the Jewish student organizations or the student body at large.
“This is, unfortunately, typical of some student unions which employ undemocratic tactics to advance their agenda – including backdoor meetings, surprise resolutions, and inadequate or non-existent notice,” said the statement. “It is alarming that YFS, to which York students are required to pay dues, has taken an extreme stand on an issue that has nothing to do with what matters to the vast majority of students. YFS has chosen to align itself with the proponents of BDS many of whom publicly call for the destruction of Israel.”
The move was also condemned by the Friends of Simon Wiesenthal Center for Holocaust Studies (FSWC).
“The continued targeting of a minority population by the YFS on the heels of a similar recent vote by graduate students, and the lack of oversight by the university administration, has culminated in this inexcusable action lead by a group of racist activists who have just ramped up the intimidation level on the York campus today,” said FSWC President and CEO Avi Benlolo.
“The fact that this vote will have no material effect is immaterial; it demonstrates a profound bias against a people who, despite being repeatedly dispossessed throughout history, have managed to create the only democratic nation in the Middle East with equal rights for all its citizens on the land which is their historical birthright,” he added.
FSWC called on York University's president “to shake off his blinders and address the ongoing threat felt by Jewish students on his campus.”
Earlier this month, the University of Toronto Mississauga Students' Union (UTMSU) Board of Directors voted overwhelmingly in favor of endorsing a 2005 call for a BDS campaign against Israel.
UTMSU represents over 12,500 undergraduate students at the University of Toronto Mississauga, the second-major division of Canada's largest University.
In December, the Graduate Student Union (GSU) at the University of Toronto also decided to endorse the BDS campaign against Israel.
The GSU overwhelmingly voted in favor of a resolution to endorse the global campaign for BDS at their annual general meeting, with approximately 97 percent of students voting in favor of the motion.
Similar motions have been passed by student groups at other Canadian universities over the past year, including the University of Regina and Carleton University.
The Oxford University Students' Union (OUSU) recently rejected a motion calling for sanctions against Israel.
The OUSU motion calling for the Oxford student union to boycott Israeli institutions, goods and produce lost by a vote of 69-10, with 15 abstentions.
The final remains of Maj. Troy Gilbert, an F-16C pilot who was killed while conducting a close-air support mission northwest of Baghdad in 2006, have been repatriated to the United States, the Air Force said Wednesday.
Gilbert's remains arrived at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware, on Monday. The next day, the Armed Forces Medical Examiner System there confirmed through dental examinations and DNA testing that the remains were of Gilbert.
The recently recovered remains will be buried at Arlington National Cemetery, where limited remains were previously interred in December 2006 and again in December 2013. The Air Force said all of Gilbert's remains have now been located and repatriated.
Gilbert was killed just outside of Taji, Iraq, Nov. 27, 2006, when his plane crashed while he was strafing insurgents with his 20-mm Gatling gun.
An AH-6 Little Bird helicopter had been shot down, and its crew and the coalition forces trying to reach them were under attack. According to an accident report released in 2007, insurgents in three vehicles went into a building, where they began firing on ground forces.
While Gilbert refueled, his wingman, Capt. Michael Dietrich, dropped a laser-guided 500-pound bomb on the building, the accident report said. The insurgents fled in their vehicles, and Gilbert and Dietrich tracked them, making several low passes to make sure they were following the right vehicles.
Dietrich then left to refuel, and Gilbert made his first low strafing run on the lead pickup truck, which had a gun mounted in the rear bed. His Fighting Falcon's warning systems sounded, alerting him to pull up because he was flying too fast and too low. He pulled out of the dive 200 feet above the ground after hitting the lead truck.
Gilbert made another pass to hit the second armed truck -- the third truck could not be found -- but this time, he started his strafing dive about 600 feet lower than he did during the first dive. He tried to pull the plane out of his dive when the warning alarms sounded, but it was too late. Gilbert is believed to have been killed instantly in the crash.
Maj. Troy Gilbert posed for a picture on the ladder of an F-16 at Luke Air Force Base in Arizona. Gilbert was the standardization and evaluation chief for the 332nd Expeditionary Operations Group and was deployed from the 309th Fighter Squadron out of Luke. Photo Credit: Air Force courtesy of Gilbert family
The Air Force said Gilbert chose to use his gun, and not his bombs, to avoid killing nearby civilians.
Gilbert's body was captured by insurgents, who made a propaganda video of the destroyed airplane and his body. The Air Force unsuccessfully searched for his body afterwards and, in January 2012, told his family they had given up the search due to the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq.
His family objected and successfully pressured former Air Force Secretary Michael Donley to continue searching. In November 2013, Gilbert's family received the news that additional remains had been found, and those remains were interred at Arlington the following month.
Then, on Aug. 28, an Iraqi tribal leader told a U.S. military adviser that his tribe had the remains and flight gear -- including the flight suit, flight jacket and parachute harness -- of a downed U.S. pilot, and produced evidence supporting his claim, according to Air Force officials. A week and a half later, AFMES confirmed Gilbert's identity through DNA testing. The tribal leader then turned over Gilbert's remains to U.S. forces.
"Major Gilbert's motivation to succeed saved the lives of the helicopter crew and other coalition ground forces," then-Brig. Gen. David Goldfein wrote in his accident investigation report, which did not fault him for starting his attack at a lower altitude. Goldfein, who is now a four-star general and Air Force chief of staff, was present at the dignified transfer of his remains, as was Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James, Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force James Cody, and Gen. Robin Rand, head of Air Force Global Strike Command.
Rand was Gilbert's friend, and his commanding officer at the 332nd Air Expeditionary Wing at Balad Air Base in Iraq at the time of Gilbert's death. Rand said Gilbert often volunteered at the base hospital or unit chapel at Balad.
"Troy fought like a tiger in battle that day," Rand said. "No doubt, his actions on Nov. 27, 2006, illustrate greatness, but those actions that day aren't what made him great. What made him great was his commitment to adhere in every facet of his life to our three treasured core values of integrity first, service before self, and excellence in all we do."
Gilbert's widow, Ginger Gilbert Ravella, and their five children were at the transfer. She thanked all the service members who helped search for his body over the past decade.
"Attending the dignified transfer at Dover Monday night was the closest we have been to Troy in 10 years," Ravella said. "As our military promised, no one was left behind on the field of battle. Troy is home."
Ginger Gilbert Ravella speaks about her late husband, Maj. Troy Gilbert, during a remembrance ceremony in December 2013 at Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia. Photo Credit: Staff Sgt. Carlin Leslie/Air Force
Arsene Wenger would not be shocked to see Sir Alex Ferguson make a dramatic comeback to football inside six months.
Former Manchester United boss Ferguson has insisted he would never return after announcing his retirement at the end of last season.
Ferguson's Man Utd trophies Premier League : 1993, 1994, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2013
: 1993, 1994, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2013 FA Cup : 1990, 1994, 1996, 1999, 2004
: 1990, 1994, 1996, 1999, 2004 League Cup: 1992, 2006, 2009, 2010
1992, 2006, 2009, 2010 Champions League : 1999, 2008
: 1999, 2008 Cup Winners' Cup : 1991
: 1991 Fifa Club World Cup : 2008
: 2008 Uefa Super Cup : 1992
: 1992 Inter-Continental Cup : 1999
: 1999 FA Charity/Community Shield: 1990 (shared), 1993, 1994, 1996, 1997, 2003, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011
But Arsenal manager Wenger has his doubts, saying: "In six months we will know more about that.
"You cannot rule it completely out. It is difficult to take a drug for 30 years and suddenly get rid of it."
His comments come in the week following the publication of Ferguson's much-awaited autobiography, which has a chapter dedicated to "Competing with Wenger."
He admits he has not yet read Ferguson's book, but Wenger said: "It looks like Ferguson had prepared his book while he was managing.
"I suspect he had written some of it at home at night, remembering things and thinking: 'that goes into my book!'."
Wenger takes his Arsenal side, currently top of the Premier League, to Crystal Palace on Saturday, claiming he is as hungry for success as ever.
"We have gone through some years that were a bit more difficult, but honestly, in our job, it is quite simple just to think about tomorrow or the next game, and that is it. After that, people judge," he added.
Image caption The new station is expected to cost up to £8m
A new railway station could be built near the Madjeski Stadium in Reading.
The area around Green Park, which also has a large business park, is notorious for its long traffic queues, particularly on match days.
Plans for Green Park Station were put on hold two years ago, but the council now wants work on it to start within three years.
Reading Borough Council is set to re-submit planning proposals for the stop next year.
The stop, by junction 11 of the M4 on the Reading to Basingstoke line, is expected to cost up to £8m to build.
The plans were pulled two years ago when a key developer dropped out.
Simon Beasley, network manager at the council, said: "I think it will make a real difference, a positive difference.
"Clearly we don't know how it will be serviced by trains but if there's anybody who can divert from the roads to the railways, then of course that's going to be positive."
I just found out that in 1798, the fifth congress passed and President John Adams signed into law "An Act for the Relief of Sick and Disabled Seamen" authorizing the creation of a marine hospital service, and mandating privately employed sailors to purchase healthcare insurance.
I guess now President John Adams was a tyran who took away Amercans' freedom or even worse, he was a "SOCIALIST". I wonder if the teabaggers will now scream that President John Adams didn't know the US Constitution. After all, he "just" help writing the US Constitution, Glenn Beck or other T-Baggers are more experts of the US Constitution than John Adams was.
You should read this article titled Our Founding Father's Socialized Healthcare System . As mentioned in this article, the law signed by John Adams was a federal government socialized healthcare insurance funded by a tax, that was withheld from the sailor's pay, and then turned over to the government by the ship's owner. This legislation also created America's first payroll tax amounted to slightly over 1% of the sailor's wages.
In fact, a ship's owner was required to deduct 20 cents from each sailor's monthly pay and forward those receipts to the service, which in turn provided injured sailors hospital care. An injured or sick sailor would make a claim, his record of payments would be confirmed, and he would be given a "chit" for admission to the local hospital. Some of these healthcare facilities were private, but in the larger ports Federal maritime hospitals were built. A failure to pay or account properly was discouraged by requiring a law violating owner or ship's captain to pay a 100 dollar fine.
Maybe instead of filing non-sense, these incompetent attorneys general should rather read or educate themselves. It's not unconstitutional to impose a health care Mandate.
CHAP. LXXVII – An Act for the Relief of Sick and Disabled Seamen Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled - That from and after the first day of September next, the master or owner of every ship or vessel of the United States, arriving from a foreign port into any port of the United States, shall, before such ship or vessel shall be admitted to an entry, render to the collector a true account of the number of seamen, that shall have been employed on board such vessel since she was last entered at any port in the United States,-and shall pay to the said collector, at the rate of twenty cents per month for every seaman so employed; which sum he is hereby authorized to retain out of the wages of such seamen
Guess some folks have some issues with my title. In my sense it was a sort of mandate since any ship's owner was required to deduct 20 cents from each sailor's monthly pay and forward those receipts to the service, which in turn provided injured sailors hospital care. Isn't a mandate to purchase a Healthcare Insurance when your employers is given the right to deduct a part of your pay ? I can be wrong tho.
William Hamilton, a cartoonist whose work for The New Yorker over more than 50 years was known for skewering the wealthy and the powerful, died on Friday in a car crash in Lexington, Ky. He was 76.
His wife, Lucy Young Hamilton, confirmed his death.
She said he was driving about four miles from their horse farm when he either passed out or was distracted and drove through a stop sign. His vehicle was struck on the driver's side by a pickup truck, she said.
Lt. Jackie Newman of the Lexington Police Department said the collision happened on a rural road around 2:45 p.m. Mr. Hamilton was pronounced dead at the University of Kentucky Medical Center in Lexington.
Mr. Hamilton, who also wrote novels and plays, began his career with The New Yorker in 1965 and was still working there at his death.
First daughters: they're just like us.
In the non-scandal that's apparently rocking the political world, Malia Obama was spotted at Lollapalooza smoking something that looks a lot like a joint in a video obtained by Radar Online. An 18-year old NARC named Jerrdin Selwyn ran to the site to say that she saw Malia smoking pot during Bryson Tiller's set. "I caught Malia smoking pot and I have the pictures to prove it," Selwyn said. "You could smell the marijuana smoke. I saw some young guy hand her a cigarette and she took at least one hit on it. She had it in her hand for about one minute, then gave it back to him.”
To give Malia the benefit of the doubt, what concert in history hasn't smelled strongly of marijuana pretty much everywhere?
Her dad—who lets remind ourselves, turned out to be the President of the United States—has discussed his own past marijuana use when he was around her age pretty openly. He's since come around though, recently saying "I've told my daughters I think it's a bad idea, a waste of time, not very healthy... As has been well documented, I smoked pot as a kid, and I view it as a bad habit and a vice, not very different from the cigarettes that I smoked as a young person up through a big chunk of my adult life.”
POST CONTINUES BELOW
How will the nation ever recover from someone who isn't an elected politician maybe taking a hit of a drug that should probably be legal anyway? Stay tuned for 9 months of wall-to-wall Fox News coverage to find out.
O'Sullivan announced last week he was standing down as United States head coach after their World Cup campaign which included a victory over Russia and an impressive performance against Ireland.
The 53-year-old Munsterman coached Ireland to three Six Nations Triple Crowns during his six-year tenure from 2002. A member of the Lions coaching team in New Zealand in 2005, he had been on course to be head coach for the tour of South Africa in 2009 before a disappointing World Cup in 2007 proved fatal to his tenure as Ireland coach.
John Baker, the Irishman's agent, confirmed last night that O'Sullivan would be interested in coaching England either short- or long-term, joining Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder and former Australia coach Eddie Jones on the list of those who have publicly put themselves forward for the job.
“Eddie is definitely interested in the England job,” Baker said. “The England job is one of the most high-profile positions in world rugby and they are a side with tremendous potential.
“Eddie's big advantage is that he has tremendous experience of the Six Nations and a fantastic track record in that competition.”
Former South Africa and Italy coach Nick Mallett has said he is not interested in coaching again until next June.
Mallett, who was approached by the RFU before Johnson resigned to see if he would be interested in the job, last week ruled himself out of contention, having previously hinted that he would not be able to work for Rob Andrew, the RFU's elite rugby director.
England are set to unveil Saxons coach Stuart Lancaster as their caretaker head coach for the Six Nations, while Mallett's declaration yesterday is likely to encourage the RFU to try to persuade him to join after all.
“I have been contacted regarding a few coaching jobs in the Top 14, but I don't think I'll take anything before June 2012,” said Mallett, who stepped down last month after Italy exited the Rugby World Cup. He will now coach a southern hemisphere side for a Dec 3 charity match at Twickenham to help raise funds for wounded military personnel.
“My only commitment from a coaching point of view is the ‘Help for Heroes' game. I've been asked to coach the southern hemisphere team with [New Zealand's] Wayne Smith. That is an exciting prospect.”
Saracens have confirmed the Heineken Cup pool match against Biarritz, which had been due to be staged in Cape Town, will now be played at Vicarage Road on Jan 15.
Merit Brewing Announces Trio of Flagship Brands
HAMILTON, ON – As its opening in downtown Hamilton draws closer, brewpub Merit Brewing has announced details of its first three flagship beers.
S'il Vous Plait (3% abv) is an “attempt at reclaiming the lunch time pint and reinventing the patio sipper” that is further described as follows:
Using our French Saison yeast and a wallop of wheat, we created a beautiful, creamy, full-bodied baby Saison that some would refer to as a classic Grissette. We call it a table beer. Why you ask? Well, SVP is meant for just that. Sitting at a table amongst family and friends, putting life on pause for a glass or two, and just enjoying those around you. The beer is unpretentious and doesn't need to be the star of the show, nor does it need to be the topic of discussion, however we'll talk your ear off about it if you ask.
Chanan (5.3% abv) is named after the grandfather of co-owner Tej Jordan Sandhu, and has the following notes:
This beer is a Saison brewed with wheat and pilsner malt. It's a classic style that we mixed up a bit by adding Indian coriander, fresh orange peels, and new world hops. Compared to generic coriander, Indian coriander is not only an amazing throw back to Tej's roots and love of exploring Indian culinary techniques, but it's far fruitier and has a full bouquet of citrus, black pepper, fruit loop flavour (I know you love em), stone fruit, and spring flowers. The hops are also more aggressive in terms of aroma and flavour. With varietals such as Simcoe, Amarillo, and Mosaic, they blend together to create a beautiful bouquet and flavour within the liquid.
Finally, Young Rival IPA (6% abv) takes its name from a popular Hamilton band, and has the following description:
The beer focuses on hops but is complimentary to the simple malt bill (with no Crystal or Caramel malts) that lends itself beautifully to an unforgiving head as well as a nice smooth balanced mouthfeel. We use El Dorado, Mosaic, and Amarillo hops. The IPA boasts huge notes of cantaloupe, peach, mango, pine, fresh meadow, spring mornings, and warm hugs from your favourite aunt. To someone who isn't into bitter beers, this still might be for you. It's not harsh or astringent. It's delicate and fruity. It drinks like adult fruit punch.
All three beers will be available alongside others when Merit opens, which is expected to happen soon. For more details, see the blog post on the brewery's website.
How does one shade armor omg.
Could someone please explain to me how “naive, well-meaning individual who just wants to find somewhere to fit in and be accepted meets and befriends a small, yellow, cute, harmless-looking creature that turns out to be a sociopathic, sadistic eldritch abomination with reality warping powers, who worms its way into every aspect of his life and begins to destroy it from the inside out all under the guise of ‘helping' but in fact doing everything simply because it was bored, lying to him, abusing him, estranging him from his brother, causing the near-death of his closest friend, and leading to said individual adopting a ‘Trust No One' policy to keep anyone else from having to get caught up in his problems and getting hurt” was a character arc I somehow managed to stumble acrossin the span of a mere 8 months? It's like the universe is conspiring to kill me with a very specific subset of Feels or something, I swear.Gravity Falls belongs to Alex HirschUndertale belongs to Toby Fox “Flowey Is not a Good Life Coach” was written by unrestedjade
Congress members will not relent on their latest push for mobile app privacy. On Thursday, House representatives Henry Waxman (D-CA) and G.K. Butterfield (D-NC) sent a joint letter to 34 social app sellers who market their offerings through Apple's App Store in order to request information about their data collection practices. The goal is to "better understand what, if any, information these particular apps gather, what they do with it, and what notice they provide to app users."
The app-makers in question weren't necessarily selected because they had been caught siphoning address book data or private photos to a remote server without permission—though that kind of app behavior is the reason the two Congressmen are requesting more information. According to Waxman and Upton, the 34 individuals—which include Apple CEO Tim Cook for the location-sharing app "Find My Friends"—were selected for being associated with a social networking app included within the App Store's "iPhone Essentials" list. (The full list of letter recipients is available on the Energy & Commerce committee's website.)
In the letter, the two Congressmen ask questions like "how many times was your iOS app downloaded," "did you have a privacy policy in place at the end of February 2012," "has your iOS app transmitted [ ] any other information from or about a user's device," and a request for descriptions of what has been done to any data that has been transmitted or stored. The developers are given a deadline of April 12, 2012 to respond—exactly three weeks from today.
The request for information comes after social networking service Path was caught transmitting users' address book data to a remote server without explicitly asking for permission—a discovery that led to numerous other apps being called out for the same behavior. (For example, Foursquare, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and Voxer were all found to be sending some or all of a user's address book data to their respective servers.) The same month, a similar "loophole" for photos, calendar data, music, movies, and more was discovered, though Apple has implied publicly that it may modify the APIs to require explicit user permission for access to user information.
This isn't the first Congressional inquiry made over mobile apps and user data. Waxman and Butterfield sent a joint letter to Tim Cook immediately following the Path controversy in February, but now it looks like they're trying to dig in even further by going straight to the developers themselves. But although app makers are the ones getting themselves into trouble lately, the app developers we spoke to in February agreed that Apple needs to overhaul iOS user information security before there's any kind of consistency in app behavior. As Stand Alone's Chris Cieslak told Ars at the time, "[a]t this point, Apple's going to have to revamp permissions dialogs like they had to for notifications in iOS 5."
Listing image by Photograph by Pete O'Shea
JOHN Key has resigned as Prime Minister of New Zealand.
“This is the hardest decision I've ever made, and I don't know what I'll do next,” he told a shocked press conference.
He made the announcement at a regularly scheduled weekly media briefing.
Just hours earlier, he had tweeted about a Christmas tree going up in Premier House.
Exciting to see the Christmas tree up at Premier House, my home away from home, in Wellington this morning pic.twitter.com/JXUjasUigR — John Key (@johnkeypm) December 4, 2016
Voice shaking with emotion, he told the surprised reporters he had informed Cabinet of his decision earlier this morning.
A caucus has been called for December 12 to choose a new Prime Minister and National Party leader.
ANALYSIS: John Key joins an exclusive club
Key said he would back his deputy Bill English to take over. English said he would likely decide in the next day or two if he would seek the role.
Mr Key led his party to victory at elections in November 2008, 2011 and 2014. Speculation has been rife in recent months as to how he would hand over power to a new generation of politicians.
He first entered NZ parliament as an MP in 2002. He says he will remain as a backbench MP until he determines what he will do next.
AUSTRALIAN REACTION
“SAY it ain't so, bro”.
That was Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's quick message to his New Zealand counterpart John Key, who announced his resignation today.
Mr Turnbull had only heard about the resignation just before Mr Key made his public announcement this morning,
“I sent him one very short message ‘Say it ain't so, bro,” Mr Turnbull told reporters at a press conference in Melbourne.
Other politicians were also quick to respond to the surprise news.
John Key has been a good friend to Australia. I wish him and his family all the best. — Bill Shorten (@billshortenmp) December 5, 2016
Congratulations @johnkeypm on outstanding service as PM of NZ.Your country is stronger and richer. I really enjoyed working with you. — Joe Hockey (@JoeHockey) December 5, 2016
Fine innings from John Key. Not Many pollies retire unbeaten on a double ton. — Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) December 5, 2016
“He will be a great loss to New Zealand and a great loss to the world,” Turnbull said.
“John Key is one of the most outstanding national leaders in the world today.
“He has done an extraordinary job for New Zealand.
“He is somebody that all of us, right around the world, leaders in countries large and small, draw inspiration from.”
Mr Key was a “class act,” he said.
FAMILY MATTERS
“Simply put for me, it has been the most remarkable and satisfying time of my life,” Mr Key said.
“Throughout these years, I have given everything I could to this job. (This) had come at quite some sacrifice from the people who are dearest to me, my family.
“I gave everything I had, I had nothing left in the tank.”
He said it was important to leave before the next election campaign.
And his greatest regret? “I honestly wish I could have changed the flag,” Key said about the failed referendum.
I fought every day against John's politics but always supported his right to be a dad & a husband first. I wish him and his family well. — Metiria Turei (@metiria) December 5, 2016
John Key has served New Zealand generously and with dedication. I wish him and his family the best for the future. — Andrew Little (@AndrewLittleMP) December 5, 2016
“I've never seen myself as a career politician,” Mr Key told the stunned reporters.
“I've never wanted my success to be measured by how long I've spent in Parliament.”
Mr Key said he wanted to leave the top job on his own terms.
“So often in politics leaders leave because there's a coup,” he said. This meant there was “no clear air” for a new leader to get a good start.
He said there was “no way I could have served out a full fourth term ... And I really feel leaders have tended to stay too long.
“Whoever the caucus selects will have my unwavering support.”
Mr Key said he was not interested in taking up an overseas diplomatic posting. Rather, he'd prefer to seek a new commercial sector career in his home city of Auckland. “It's our home,” he said.
HARASSMENT SCANDAL
A ‘hair pulling' incident resulted in a public backlash against Mr Key last year.
The story made headlines in Australia as Mr Key was accused of bullying and harassment after an Auckland waitress wrote a blog about him persistently pulling her ponytail while visiting her cafe over a series of months.
In April, Mr Key publicly apologised to the woman.
In his resignation speech, Keys reiterated there were many reasons behind his decision to dump the Prime Ministership.
“It would be easy to say I have made this decision solely to rediscover the personal and family life I once had, and that is a factor, but it is one among many,” he said.
“I'm quite happy to have a life where I'm not in front of the camera.
“There will always be people who come up with a million conspiracy theories, but I encourage people to see it as what it is.
“I feel like I'm going out on top.”
POLITICAL FALLOUT
NZ Deputy Prime Minister Bill English - widely seen as the favourite to take over the top job - told journalists shortly after Mr Key's announcement that he would be judged by history as one of the country's greatest leaders.
“On behalf of the National Party, the Government and New Zealand I thank John for his years of dedicated and outstanding service to our country,” Mr English said.
“Through good times and bad, his strong leadership has been steadfast and this is a more confident, successful and self-assured country because of his contribution. He has truly made a difference.
“I thank Bronagh, Stephie and Max for the sacrifice they've made to enable John to be an extremely successful and effective leader. We are deeply appreciative.”
English is generally tipped to become PM and Steven Joyce deputy and finance minister.
The kiwi dollar dropped on the news that Key, who has maintained persistently high poll ratings as leader, is leaving. It was recently at 70.88 US cents from 71.06 cents earlier.
SPEECH TRANSCRIPT
New Zealand's Prime Minister's Office has released the transcript of his written speech:
Just a few days ago I marked the anniversary of my eighth year as Prime Minister and my tenth as leader of the National Party.
Such an occasion seems a fitting time to not only take stock of the past 10 years, but to look forward.
Being leader of both the party and the country has been an incredible experience.
Along with my Cabinet and caucus colleagues, we steered the country through the global financial crisis which was arguably the worst recession since the Great Depression.
We have stood with Christchurch in the wake of the earthquakes - the greatest natural disaster to hit our country since 1931, and we have mourned the victims of the Pike River Mine disaster; one of the saddest days our small nation has endured in recent times.
During my time as Prime Minister the Government has positioned New Zealand so that our economy could harness the opportunities offered by a burgeoning Asia and a more connected world.
Reforms have been far reaching, including substantial changes to our tax, welfare, planning and labour laws, not to mention the successful partial sell-down of state companies, the considerable overhaul of our Justice, Security and Corrections agencies and, of course, trade liberalisation.
Ten years since I first became leader of the National Party, I believe we can look back on advanced race relations and real momentum in the Treaty settlement programme.
We also have a more confident, outward-looking and multi-cultural New Zealand that competes and succeeds on the world stage.
Throughout these years I have given everything I could to this job that I cherish, and this country that I love. All of this has come at quite some sacrifice for the people who are dearest to me - my family.
For my wife Bronagh, there have been many nights and weekends spent alone, many occasions that were important to her that I simply could not attend.
My daughter Stephie and my son Max have transitioned from teenagers to young adults while coping with an extraordinary level of intrusion and pressure because of their father's job.
I thank them for their tolerance. Bronagh and I are immensely proud of them.
My family has also had remarkable opportunities and experiences as we have met people and visited places from one end of our country to the other.
We have celebrated alongside fellow Kiwis in their happiest times, and wept with them in their saddest.
Simply put, it has, for me, been the most remarkable, satisfying and exciting time of my life.
But despite the amazing career I have had in politics, I have never seen myself as a career politician. I have certainly never wanted my success in politics to be measured by how long I spent in Parliament.
The National Party is in great shape. Bill English has told me that in all his years here, ours is the most cohesive Cabinet he has seen. And I personally am humbled and gratified that after eight years as Prime Minister, my personal support from the public remains high.
I absolutely believe we can win the next election.
But I do not believe that, if you asked me if I was committed to serving out a fourth term, that I could look the public in the eye and say yes.
And more than anything else in my time here, I have tried to be straight and true with New Zealanders.
I also believe that leadership change, for the right reasons and handled well, is good for a political party.
For all these reasons, I today told my Cabinet and caucus colleagues of my decision to step down as Leader of the National Party and as Prime Minister.
It is my expectation that on Monday 12 December National MPs will hold a special caucus meeting to select a new leader and later that day I will tender my resignation to the Governor-General.
This has been the hardest decision I have ever made and I do not know what I will do next.
But for me this feels the right time to go.
It gives the Cabinet and caucus plenty of time to settle in with a new leader before heading into the next election with a proud record of strong economic management, a commitment to the most vulnerable in our society and lots of ideas to keep lifting New Zealanders up in the world.
It would be easy to say I have made this decision solely to rediscover the personal and family life I once had, and that is a factor, but it is one among many.
Over the years I have observed many leaders who, in a similar position, fail to take this step.
I can understand why. It is a hard job to leave.
But, for me and the National Party, this is a good time to go. Party membership is high and the party is well-funded. The caucus is talented and eager to serve, and one of the achievements of which I am proud is having built with my colleagues a Cabinet team that is capable, committed and cohesive.
That is a great legacy for National's next leader.
Just as I grasped the challenge of leadership so will a new leader.
Inevitably they will bring their own personality, emphasis and priorities to the role.
This is part of the process that allows a long-serving government to keep delivering.
For my part I am confident the caucus has a number of individuals who would make a fine future PM.
It is inevitable I will be asked who I will vote for at the caucus meeting on December 12.
Whoever the caucus elects will have my unwavering support, but if Bill English puts his name forward then I will vote for him.
For 10 years now Bill and I have worked as a team. I have witnessed first-hand his leadership style, his capacity for work, his grasp of the economy, his commitment to change and, most of all, his decency as a husband, as a father, as a friend, a colleague and as a politician.
Bill has, I believe, grown a great deal since he was last Party leader.
Fifteen years on he has more experience and the party and political cycles are quite different.
I believe that National, under Bill's leadership, would win the election in 2017.
This is not the time to thank all of those who have made the past 10 years possible for me.
But nor can I stand here without acknowledging Bronagh, Stephie and Max who have sacrificed a lot for me to have been able to do what the job demands.
No person in this role can succeed without the support of an enormous number of talented and dedicated individuals.
I thank my deputy Bill English, the Cabinet and caucus for their loyalty and energy and, of course, my wonderful staff, so well led by Wayne Eagleson, who have done more than I ever could have hoped or expected.
I also wish to thank and acknowledge our support partners ACT, United Future and the Maori Party without whom the strong and stable Government we have delivered would not have been possible.
I have no doubt my successor will look to build upon these relationships.
Last but not least, I wish to put on record my everlasting gratitude to the people of Helensville for electing me, and to the New Zealand public for their support, faith and encouragement. It has been my privilege to serve you all.
I have always believed that the test of a good Prime Minister is that he or she leaves the country in better shape than they found it. Over time, others will judge whether I have done that.
All I can say is that I gave it everything I had.
I have left nothing in the tank.
Finally, while I intend to stay in Parliament long enough to avoid the cost and inconvenience a by-election would cause the good people of Helensville, I will at an appropriate time prior to the next election step down as an MP.
On that day, I shall walk from these buildings for the last time, a richer person for the experience and privilege of being here, and hoping and believing that New Zealand has been well served by the Government I led.
Thank you.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., speaks in support of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton at a rally at the University of Akron in Akron, Ohio, Saturday, Sept. 17, 2016 (AP Photo/Julie Carr Smyth)
Bernie Sanders is urging people turned off by their choices in the presidential election to turn out anyway, even if they think "everybody's horrible."
Hillary Clinton's defeated Democratic primary rival spoke on her behalf at a small campus rally in Akron, Ohio, on Saturday.
He asked the crowd to spread the word about Clinton's support for tuition-free public college. And he denounced Republican Donald Trump, saying "we can't in 2016 accept bigotry as the cornerstone of any campaign."
About 200 people attended the rally at the University of Akron.
A small pro-Trump contingent held signs outside the building while some Sanders loyalists shouted, "We love you" when the Vermont senator pulled up. One woman yelled: "Thanks for opening my eyes."
Following the successful debut of House of Cards, Netflix has announced another new show, partnering with The Matrix creators the Wachowskis and Babylon 5 creator J. Michael Straczynski to bring Sense8 to the video streaming service in "late 2014." Details on the new show are scarce, but today's announcement finally confirms when and where you'll be able to watch the new series, with early reports suggesting its creators were looking to secure a deal with a network.
"A gripping global tale of minds linked and souls hunted."
Netflix will make all ten episodes of the new science-fiction thriller available instantly. This mirrors the launch of House of Cards, Netflix's second original series, which went on to become its "most-watched" show ever. Sense8 is the second exclusive deal Netflix has secured this year, earlier announcing a partnership with Dreamworks to launch Turbo: F.A.S.T., which will start streaming in December.
With another new series under its belt, Netflix is attempting to lure consumers away from traditional pay TV services and Amazon's own video streaming service. Earlier this week, Amazon revealed it had greenlit the pilot for the TV adaptation of the cult film Zombieland, adding to its growing roster of comedy pilots heading to Amazon Instant Video and LoveFilm.
Countless employees every daydream of launching their own company. They feel that they either have the correct skills or ideas to be able to enter an industry and create a successful business. But they haven't pursued any of their business ideas yet. Why is that?
If you have had an idea for a company, but have not yet pursued it, what has been holding you back?
For many aspiring entrepreneurs, the lack of a roadmap on how to start a project that could turn into a company makes it a difficult path to take. Most don't even know where to start, while others don't know if this career path is correct for them.
This infographic that we've designed walks you through the entire process of going from employee to entrepreneur. Use it as a guideline to vet your business ideas and find out if entrepreneurship is the right path for you.
As many as 20,000 Syrian refugees are thought to be stranded on the war-torn country's border with Jordan, the head of the U.N. refugee agency said in the kingdom Sunday. He also noted 4,000 to 5,000 were arriving in the rural desert region each month. So far, Jordan has permitted only a few dozen refugees to enter each day, meaning crowds of mostly women and children have begun to build.
The problem for Syrian authorities, they claim, is that many of the refugees came from regions controlled by the Islamic State group, meaning each person needs to be vetted before being allowed into the country.
20,000 Syrian refugees stranded on Jordan borderhttps://t.co/UP5peJt38A — Abdulrahman al-Masri (@AbdulrhmanMasri) January 31, 2016
In the meantime, international aid groups have asked Jordan to hurry before the humanitarian situation on the border becomes more difficult. Jordan hosts the U.N.-run Azraq refugee camp, which is only half full and could accommodate thousands more.
Jordanian officials were also asked by the U.N. to provide the “most basic necessities” to those still living on the border with Jordan given that the nearest town is 150 kilometers (90 miles) away, said Andrew Harper, the refugee agency chief in Jordan.
By current estimates, there are around 1.26 million Syrians living in Jordan, twice the number of registered Syrian refugees, said Qasem al-Zoubi, the head of the country's statistics department. According to the country's 2015 census, there are 9.5 million people living in Jordan, including 6.6 million Jordanians and 2.9 million noncitizens. Syrians make up the majority of noncitizens.
The data was released ahead of the annual Syria aid conference where Jordan will ask for more international help to deal with the current level of refugees in the country and those trying to enter after fleeing the five-year civil war.
The Trump administration is scaling back the fiercely contested requirement that employer health plans must provide contraception at no out-of-pocket cost. | Evan Vucci/AP Trump rolls back Obamacare birth control mandate The new policy reignites the battle over one of the health care law's most controversial provisions.
The Trump administration will allow virtually any employer to claim a religious or moral objection to Obamacare's birth control coverage mandate under a sweeping rollback announced Friday.
The new policies, which take effect immediately, reignite a fierce battle over one of the health care law's most controversial provisions and quickly drew legal challenges. The requirement to provide FDA-approved contraception at no cost was long opposed by religious groups that heavily favored Trump, and has been wrapped up in litigation for more than five years.
Story Continued Below
"The United States has a long history of providing conscience protections in the regulation of health care for entities and individuals with objections based on religious beliefs or moral convictions," the administration wrote in new rules.
The American Civil Liberties Union said it will file a lawsuit on Friday to block the long-anticipated rules from the Trump administration, and California Attorney General Xavier Becerra also announced plans to sue. Women's health groups for months have been preparing lawsuits against the new policies, which they say will enable employers to deny their workers access to needed care.
The Trump administration said it was acting to protect individuals and groups from being forced to violate their religious beliefs as it downplayed concerns that more women would struggle to afford birth control.
POLITICO Pulse newsletter Get the latest on the health care fight, every weekday morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
"The attempts by the previous administration to provide some protections were inadequate," said a senior HHS official of the Obama administration's efforts to provide workarounds for religious groups. "They are being rebuffed here."
The administration issued two rules — one outlining how an employer could claim an exemption for religious beliefs, the other outlining an exemption for sincerely held moral convictions — on the same day Attorney General Jeff Sessions called for sweeping protections for religious freedom in a government-wide memo that could have far-reaching implications.
The new birth control rules hew closely to a draft that leaked in May and drew swift condemnation from Democrats, public health groups and women's health care advocates.
“Today's outrageous rules by the Trump Administration show callous disregard for women's rights, health, and autonomy, said Fatima Goss Graves, president and CEO of the National Women's Law Center. "By taking away women's access to no-cost birth control coverage, the rules give employers a license to discriminate against women. We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
It's unclear how many organizations will now look to drop birth control coverage from their insurance plans. In the aftermath of the Supreme Court's 2014 Hobby Lobby ruling that closely held private companies could seek an exemption on religious grounds, only a few dozen employers requested one from the Obama administration, POLITICO found last year.
The birth control coverage mandate is broadly supported by the general public, polling has found over the years. And it appears to have reduced women's spending on contraception. One study estimated that women saved $1.4 billion on birth control pills in 2013 as a result of the coverage requirement. About 55 million women have directly benefited from no-cost birth control, according to an Obama administration report released last year.
"Any move to decrease access to these vital services would have damaging effects on public health and women's health," said Haywood Brown, director of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Trump hinted at his plan to roll back the birth control mandate this spring as he signed an executive order on religious freedom, but the regulation had been tied up at his budget office for more than four months. By weakening the mandate, Trump is unilaterally paring back a small piece of Obamacare detested by his conservative base, which has grown increasingly frustrated with the GOP's inability to fulfill its longstanding promise to repeal the health care law.
The Affordable Care Act's birth control mandate took effect in 2012 after the Obama administration accepted a recommendation from an independent panel to require plans to cover it at no cost to women. The administration exempted houses of worship and unsuccessfully tried to make accommodations for religiously affiliated groups to allow their employees to still receive the coverage from a third party. But those groups rejected the accommodations and filed dozens of lawsuits, leading to two separate Supreme Court challenges, including the Hobby Lobby decision.
The Supreme Court last year ordered the Obama administration and religiously affiliated organizations, such as universities and charities, to reach agreement on accommodation that would let employees of such groups have access to no-cost contraception. They never resolved the issue.
Advocates for religious groups called the rule a major step forward after years of fighting the mandate.
“Today President Trump delivered a huge victory for conscience rights and religious liberty in America,” said Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser in a statement. “No longer will Catholic nuns who care for the elderly poor be forced by the government to provide abortion-inducing drugs in their health care plans."
The Trump administration argues that women have affordable contraceptive options should employers drop coverage, and that several government programs provide free or subsidized contraception for low-income women, including Title X family planning grants.
But women's health advocates say that program is already underfunded, and other Trump administration priorities — including stalled plans to repeal Obamacare and defund Planned Parenthood — would further erode access to affordable birth control.
“President Trump's shameful war on women rages on," said Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-Ill.) in a statement. "By ending the birth control mandate, the President and his Administration are allowing employers to stand in the way of women accessing the healthcare that they and their doctors have deemed necessary."
House Bill 11, passed during the 2015 legislative session, is a sweeping law pitched as part of a broader $800 million border security effort. It expands the border presence of the Texas National Guard, green-lights hiring more troopers, and mandates an intelligence center to analyze crime data at the border.
One of the law's other provisions has recently drawn a lawsuit that's just now making headlines. The Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, better known as MALDEF, has filed suit against Texas over what's called the “immigrant harboring” provision. They argue that it is unconstitutional under federal law.
Thomas Saenz, MALDEF's president and general counsel, said in a recent news release that the law embroils Texas in litigation and “(divides) the state in the name of political gamesmanship.”
The lawsuit was filed on behalf of two San Antonio landlords, David Cruz and Valentin Reyes, who say the law could hurt them. Cruz and Reyes say they don't usually question their tenants' immigration statuses. If they had to comply with the law, they would be required to ask lease signers of their legal status and could lose tenants. If they didn't inquire, Cruz and Reyes could be arrested.
Those who pushed for the law back during the legislative session say there's a public safety function here. Underlying the bill's language is a seeming effort to crack down on human trafficking. The bill charges anyone caught shielding someone who is here illegally with a felony.
Lynne Rambo, a professor at Texas A&M University School of Law, says that it's not at all clear whether laws like this one are leaning more toward combatting human trafficking, so much as trying to catch immigrants who are undocumented.
“Based on Gov. Abbott's own statements, the bill seems to be aimed at just simply objecting to the federal government's failure to control the situation,” Rambo says. “Texas is – for lack of a better phrase – in a state of revolt about how the federal government is handling immigration.”
Federal law trumps any state law on a similar subject. That's what MALDEF is hoping to get a ruling on for this section of House Bill 11.
“It's not an aspect of equal protection, it's an aspect of preemption under the supremacy clause,” Rambo says. “The complaint in this case is that there are already federal harboring provisions and that those are completely adequate to deal with human trafficking.”
Listen to the full interview in the audio player above.
This is one time when the Ravens don't need defensive tackle Haloti Ngata to cause problems.
Free agency is set to begin March 10, and if the Ravens want to succeed this offseason, they have to negotiate a contract extension with Ngata, their five-time Pro Bowl tackle signed through next season.
If they can get that done, it would free up money to land other free agents and retain their own. If they don't, well, the Ravens' 2006 first-round draft pick has to find another place this year where he can finish his career.
It will be interesting to see where both parties draw the red line.
In the past couple of seasons, the Ravens have asked Ngata to redo his contract, to which he has cordially replied, "Thanks, but no thanks." Unlike previous years, though, the Ravens now have some leverage.
Ngata is expected to make an $8.5 million base salary in 2015, with $16 million counting against the salary cap. That is an unbelievable amount of money for a player on the downturn of his career.
The Ravens are expected to meet with Ngata's agent soon, and they can point out they have two possible young replacements in Brandon Williams and Timmy Jernigan.
Neither has Ngata's combination of quickness and brute strength, and neither is the established team leader the 31-year-old is, but both have excellent potential. And the Ravens surely will point to Ngata's four-game suspension last season for his use of the banned substance Adderall.
Leading up to the start of the NFL draft on April 30, we'll keep track of all players linked to the Ravens in mock drafts. With needs on both sides of the ball for the Ravens (No. 26 pick in 1st round), we will update with the latest projections. (Jon Meoli) (Jon Meoli)
The Ravens, though, have to be careful. Losing Ngata could significantly affect the locker room. The Ravens didn't suffer much on the field when Ngata was suspended for those four games, but his absence turned into a rallying point for some teammates.
Ngata is popular among the Ravens, and for teams in the Super Bowl hunt, there are always a handful of veterans who serve as the driving force.
The loss of Ngata certainly would impact outside linebacker Terrell Suggs, one of his best friends. His departure also would not sit well with veterans such as linebackers Elvis Dumervil and Daryl Smith and wide receiver Steve Smith.
Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome likes to point to his track record of re-signing first-round picks who have played well, allowing them to finish their careers in Baltimore. It's a long list, especially when compared with the group of players who left for more lucrative offers, such as cornerback Duane Starks and guard Ben Grubbs.
The assumption here is that the two sides will reach a fair-market agreement, much like the new deal given to Suggs a year ago.
Under his old contract, Suggs was set to make $7.8 million in base salary last season, with a $12.4 million salary cap hit. Under the new deal, he received an $11 million signing bonus and a $1 million base salary, but his cap figure was $7.8 million.
Ngata is one of those players who are obsessed with winning. He'll take a cheap shot at an opposing player, but you can't question his passion. He likes Baltimore and is one of the most popular players in team history. Fans here identify with him. He is gritty and tough, yet charming when you get to know him. He's just a good, old bear.
But he is at that point of his career when the window of opportunity to win another Super Bowl is closing.
If he can give the Ravens $2 million or $3 million in cap relief, maybe they can go out and sign a cornerback like the Seattle Seahawks' Byron Maxwell or a receiver like the Green Bay Packers' Randall Cobb. If not, maybe that money can be used for re-signing receiver Torrey Smith or tight end Owen Daniels.
Either way, something has to be done with Ngata. If he re-signs, the Ravens will get better. If he doesn't, they get younger and still better. But No. 92 has been a fixture here for too long.
It's just not time for him to leave yet.
mike.preston@baltsun.com
twitter.com/MikePrestonSun
She glides across the polished wood flat track. You can see that absolute concentration has taken over every thought. Her grace isn't broken until she forces her way through the barrier of women trying to hold her back. No one - nothing - stops this power house. She comes through regardless, and she's doing it on wheels.
Amanda Misisian, better known by her roller derby alias: Feta Sleeze plays on two teams for Detroit Derby Girls (DDG): jammer on the DDG travel team and jammer and blocker for the Devils Night Dames home team (also a part of the DDG).
When you see the way she demolishes a pack, you would think she had been doing it her whole life. Truth is, she's been involved with the DDG for just five years. In those five years, she's been named MVP twice, voted "Most Feared" and "Miss Congeniality" at the Rollies Awards and as an alternate for the All-Stars game at Rollercon. Feta is honored and grateful to be a recognized athlete.
"I am so appreciative of everything that derby has given me - awards, athleticism, friendship," she says.
But Feta Sleeze's derby career hasn't always been straight wins. After placing in the 6th place at the D1 playoffs in Jacksonville, Florida this year, Feta admits to getting "CRUSHED" in their first game against the Jacksonville Roller Girls. The bout ended with a final score of 71-262.
But failure doesn't even come close to discouraging her and driving her away from this high intensity sport. Over the years, she has learned that losing is just as much part of the game as winning.
"Reality is, you WILL lose some games and you will go against teams who are just better, or have studied your team and your style of play and have prepared to shut you down," she explains. "I've been telling myself that more and more, and it does help after a hard game: Losing is part of playing, but you have to keep playing to win." [Click to Tweet]
Just like any sport, roller derby is a big time committment, especially when committing to more than one league. When Feta Sleeze isn't at derby practice/games or working at her day job as a paralegal, she still likes to stay active. She enjoys dancing, lifting weights, fishing, swimming and spending time with her family and fiancé. And training. Always training to be stronger, better, faster... She keeps fighting.
Every athlete of The Detroit Derby Girls shares the same passion as Feta, and I have personally witnessed it at their bouts. No matter what the score is or how they are performing, they always keep fighting which is what strengthens their inclusive community. Their fighting spirit is why we featured them (starring Feta Sleeze) in our latest video "The Pack".
[Cick here to watch Feta Sleeze in the newest SISU Roller Derby video: "The Pack"]
the researchers have focused on risk preference or aversion, and the possibility that it might be measurable and compared to others, offering a scale of sorts.
To learn more about how eager people are to engage in risky behavior, the researchers enlisted the assistance of 1500 volunteer adults to take a series of tests (39 tests in all), which together were meant to gauge a person's desire to seek out risky behavior. The team then analyzed the data and found that 61 percent of the variation in risky behavior scores could be summed up with a single component—a person's risk preference quotient, if you will. The remaining factors could all be attributed to which particular type of risk was involved. The single component, which the team dubbed as R, is general, the team notes, which suggests it can be applied multiple to[sic] risk situations along with other factors attributable to a particular type of risk.
With the NCAA regular season at a close, we award our final NC-Double-Eh women's awards to Kaili Lukan and Mikalah Mulrain after great weeks in their conference tournaments …
Women's Player of the Week
Kaili Lukan, Green Bay
Kaili Lukan had a great final week of the regular season helping lead the Green Bay Phoenix back into the NCAA Tournament. In her three games she averaged 20.3 points, 7 rebounds, 3.3 assists and 1.3 steals in 38.7 minutes. She shot 16-of-29 from the field, including 2-of-8 from behind the arc, and an incredible 27-of-30 from the stripe to earn NC-Double-Eh Women's Player of the Week honors.
In Green Bay's 74-62 win to open the Horizon League Championship March 11 against Milwaukee, Lukan had 24 points, 8 rebounds, 5 assists and 3 steals in 40 minutes. She shot 7-of-11 from the floor and made 10-of-12 free throws also.
In Green Bay's 63-54 win over Youngstown St in the conference tournament semifinals March 13, Lukan had a career high 27 points to go with 8 rebounds, 3 assists and 1 steal in 38 minutes. She shot 7-of-14 from the floor, 2-of-4 from the three and 11-of-12 from the line.
In the Horizon League championship game three days later, Lukan helped the Phoenix to a 86-77 overtime victory over Wright St to reach the NCAA Tournament. In the win Lukan had 10 points, 5 rebounds, 2 assists while going 2-of-4 from the field and making all six of her free throws.
On the year, Lukan is averaging 9.4 points, 4.3 rebounds, 2.5 assists and 1.5 steals in 31.3 minutes. She is shooting 44.5% from the floor and 85.4% from the line.
Honorable Mention:
Anna Lee Policicchio, Idaho St – 11 pts, 9 rebs, 2 stls, 4-of-8 FGs, 1-of-3 3-PT FGs, 2-of-2 FTs, 28 mins in one game.
Women's Rookie of the Week
Mikalah Mulrain, Robert Morris
Mikalah Mulrain capped off her freshman season by helping Robert Morris to get to the Northeast Conference title game. In three contests, she averaged 6.7 points, 3 rebounds, 1 assist and 1.7 blocks in 16.7 minutes. She shot 5-of-8 from the field and 10-of-12 from the stripe to earn NC-Double-Eh Women's Rookie of the Week.
In Robert Morris' 89-61 win over over Fairleigh Dickinson to open the NEC Tournament March 8, Mulrain had 6 points, 3 rebounds, 1 assist and 2 blocks in 13 minutes. She made her only shot from the floor and made all four of her free throws.
In the Colonials' 68-62 win over Bryant three days later, Mulrain had 7 points, 3 rebounds, 1 assist and a block in 17 minutes. She shot 1-of-3 from the floor and was 5-of-6 from the line.
In the NEC Tournament title game on March 15, Mulrain had 7 points, 3 rebounds, 1 assist and 2 blocks in 20 minutes in the 77-62 loss to St. Francis College. She shot 3-of-4 from the field and split her two free throw attempts.
On the year, Mulrain is averaging 4.9 points, 3.9 rebounds, 1.7 blocks in 18.2 minutes. She is hooting 54.5% from the floor and 50% from the line.
Honorable Mention:
Emma Wolfram, Gonzaga – 8 pts, 5 rebs 3-of-10 FGs, 2-of-2 FTs, 21 mins in one game.
Turn up the heat this Valentine's Day with these red hot cream cheese cupcakes! See what I did there? Turn up the heat? Because the candies are hot. Anyway! A delicious cream cheese cupcake is sprinkled with spicy red hot candies and topped off with a pile of cream cheese buttercream. So good!
So the red hots don't just sink to the bottom of the cupcakes, the trick is to let the mixed up batter (red hots and all) sit for about and hour or so, so they soften up and dissolve a little. Be sure to consider that when planning your baking/prep time. Here's how to make them!
This will make 24 cupcakes.
For the cupcakes you'll need:
1 ½ sticks unsalted butter, room temperature
8 oz. cream cheese, room temperature
1 ½ c. granulated sugar
3 eggs
2 t. vanilla
2 t. baking powder
½ t. baking soda
½ t. salt
1 1/3 c. whole milk
2 ½ c. flour
½ c. red hot candies
For the buttercream you'll need:
2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature
8 oz cream cheese, room temperature
2 c. powdered sugar
splash of whole milk
red food color or gel (if desired)
Directions:
Using the paddle attachment on a stand mixer, combine the butter and the cream cheese together on medium speed for about 30 seconds. Mix in the sugar until the mixture is fluffy (about 20-30 seconds). Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing until each egg is fully incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and mix on medium-high speed for another 20 seconds or so, until the batter is smooth. Add the vanilla, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Then mix in the milk and the flour, alternating between the two ingredients, mixing on medium speed until just combined. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl, to make sure everything is getting well-mixed–beat again on med-high speed for about a minute. It should be smooth and creamy. Fold in the red hots so they're evenly distributed, taking care not to mix too much.
Now, leaving the batter in the bowl, cover it with plastic wrap and put it in the fridge for an hour. What? YES. Put it in the fridge. If you don't give the red hots a chance to soften and dissolve a little, they'll just sink to the bottom of your cupcakes. Trust me.
After an hour, pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees (F).
Fill 24 paper-lined cupcake tins about ¾ of the way full. Bake for about 25 minutes, until the cake is set and the edges and tops of the cupcakes have turned golden brown. Allow them to cool in the cupcake tray for atleast 15 minutes before moving to a wire rack.
Once the cakes are cool, frost ‘em!
To make the buttercream, use the whisk attachment to cream together the butter and cream cheese until they're well incorporated. Then whip in the powdered sugar, a cup at a time, until the mixture is fluffy. If the frosting is too thick, add a splash of milk. If it's too thin, add a little more sugar. To get a pretty marbled look, put half the buttercream in a smaller bowl and use a little red or pink food coloring or gel to dye it the desired color. Then gently fold it back in with the white buttercream and pipe onto the cupcake. Garnish with a few red hot candies or small red sprinkles. Hot!
My cookbook, Bake It in a Cupcake: 50 Treats With a Surprise Inside, is available now at: Amazon.com, Barnes & Noble, and Indiebound.com!
Saskatchewan's premier says the federal government's decision to deny the province access to funding for projects that reduce greenhouse gas emissions unless it agrees to a carbon tax is “nothing short of extortion.”
Federal Environment Minister Catherine McKenna unveiled the details of a $2-billion low-carbon economy fund in Ottawa Thursday, part of the Pan-Canadian Framework on Clean Growth and Climate Change that most provinces and territories signed in December. The money will be used to fund projects across Canada that cut emissions. But Saskatchewan and Manitoba currently aren't eligible for most of the funding as they refused to sign the framework, which included a commitment to carbon pricing.
Premier Brad Wall struck back at Ottawa in a statement on Facebook Thursday afternoon. “Withholding funds from provinces that don't go along with the federal government's policies represents a new low in Canadian federalism,” he wrote. “This is nothing short of extortion by the federal government.”
“This is not how I think Canadians expect the federal government to operate,” Saskatchewan Environment Minister Scott Moe told reporters Thursday. “It doesn't speak to the collaboration that was put forward at the beginning of this process.”
The announcement was a “punitive direction from the federal government,” he said.
Today, the rubber hits the road
The majority of the money — $1.4 billion — will go to the provinces and territories to pay for greenhouse-gas reduction projects. The provinces have already suggested some projects, including building retrofits and an expanded electric-vehicle charging network in Ontario, and the connection of electricity grids in British Columbia and Alberta.
Each province and territory is eligible for a base of $30 million plus per capita funding.
The remaining $600 million will go toward a low-carbon economy challenge, to be launched this fall. Provinces, municipalities, indigenous governments and businesses can apply for money from that fund for their own projects that cut emissions. Saskatchewan and Manitoba are eligible for that part of the funding.
“Today, the rubber hits the road,” McKenna told reporters Thursday. “This is an opportunity for Canadians across the country to reduce the amount of energy they use and to save money while doing it.”
The low-carbon economy fund is designed to help Canada meet its Paris Agreement goal of cutting emissions to 30 per cent below 2005 levels by 2030, a target originally set out by the Harper government.
Moe said Saskatchewan will still apply to the $1.4-billion fund and other federal programs to pay for green initiatives, including a plan to supply half its power with renewable energy by 2030.
“We'll be applying for this fund … and we expect to be considered for it. It's the Saskatchewan people that have invested in the dollars that are being distributed through this fund.”
But McKenna said the money is intended for those provinces “that have supported all aspects of the pan-Canadian plan, including putting a price on carbon pollution.” She said the federal government is still working with Saskatchewan and Manitoba, and hopes they will eventually sign the framework.
To date, Wall has remained steadfastly opposed to putting a price on carbon — a key feature of the national framework. Last month, McKenna announced the details of a federal backstop carbon price, which would impose a carbon tax on any provinces and territories that don't create their own by 2018.
Wall has vowed to take the federal government to court if it tries to impose a tax on his province, but McKenna maintains it's “well within the federal government's right to take action to protect the environment.”
Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister refused to sign the climate change agreement last year in an attempt to negotiate a better health-care deal for his province. But the province is currently working on its own climate change plan, though it's unclear whether Manitoba will create its own carbon price or adopt the federal tax.
“We expect the federal government to ensure that Manitobans receive an appropriate portion of any federal funding for climate action,” said Cathy Cox, Manitoba's minister of sustainable development, in a statement. “Our province wants to do its part, but we've already been doing our share.”
The low-carbon economy fund was originally announced in Budget 2016, with the $2 billion to be spent over two years, starting in 2017-18.
But the government revised that plan this year, announcing in the latest budget that the money will be spread over five years “following discussions with provinces and territories.”
The plan now is to spend $250 million this year, $500 million in each of the next three fiscal years, and the remaining $250 million in 2021-22.
• Email: mforrest@postmedia.com | Twitter: MauraForrest
LGBT rights activists wave rainbow flags during a transgender pride parade which was banned by the governorship, in central Istanbul, Turkey, June 19, 2016. REUTERS/Osman Orsal
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - An annual gay pride parade in the Turkish city of Istanbul will not go ahead on Sunday, organizers said in a statement on Friday after the governor's office banned the march citing security risks and declined the group's request to read a statement.
“We are announcing with sadness that we will not be able to hold the 14th Pride March,” the Istanbul LGBTI and Pride committee said in a statement on its website, but added this was a violation by the authorities of their right to demonstrate.
“The Governor's Office has chosen to violate the ‘Law on Meetings and Demonstration Marches' guaranteed by the Constitution as a democratic right,” the statement said.
The Istanbul governor's office last week said the marches had been banned out of concern for public order. Security in the city is already tight after a series of bombings blamed on Islamic State and Kurdish militants in recent months.
But the ban also follows a warning from an ultra-nationalist youth group that it would not allow the marches, calling them immoral and threatening violence.
Istanbul riot police fired tear gas and rubber pellets on Sunday to disperse a march for transgender people, which was also prohibited by the authorities.
While homosexuality is not a crime in Turkey unlike many other Muslim countries, homophobia remains widespread. Critics say President Tayyip Erdoğan and the Islamist-rooted AK Party he founded have shown little interest in expanding rights for minorities, gays and women, and are intolerant of dissent.
Historically the gay pride parade in Istanbul - a city seen as a relative safe haven by members of the gay community from elsewhere in the Middle East, including refugees from Syria and Iraq - has been a peaceful event.
But last year police used tear gas and water cannon to disperse participants, after organizers said they had been refused permission because it coincided with the holy month of Ramadan, as it does again this year.
Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) are a popular strategy used by blockchain projects to raise capital. ICOs are similar to crowdfunding but typically issue trade-able tokens or equity ownership in the form of a newly minted cryptocurrency. Ethereum's ICO raised ~AUD$24M in 2014, making it the second largest crowdfunding campaign in history at the time.
Join us to learn from a few recent successful Aussie ICOs. How they did it, what worked, what didn't and the future of cryptoequity crowdfunding.
---SCHEDULE---
• 6:00pm - Networking & drinks
• 6:30pm - Rob Wilson, CEO @ Incent (https://incentloyalty.com/) (AUD$1.5M ICO)
• 7:00pm - "ICO vs Equity" - Simon Dixon, CEO @ BnkToTheFuture (https://bnktothefuture.com/)
• 7:15pm - Audience roundtable + Web3js update
• 7:30pm - Pizza & drinks, thanks to our awesome sponsor...
• 8:00pm - Sergei Sergienko, CEO @ Chronobank (https://chronobank.io/) (AUD$7.5M ICO)
• 8:30pm - Emma Poposka, CEO @ My Bron (http://about.mybron.com/)
• 9:00pm - To the pub?
• Continue the discussion: Telegram (http://bit.ly/ethereumaus) + Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/groups/sydethereum) + Reddit (https://www.reddit.com/r/SydEthereum/)
---
Want to sponsor, speak at or organise one of the upcoming SydEthereum meetups? Chat to one of the co-organisers :)
When a car is built, a VIN code is stamped on it. It's a unique alphanumeric sequence that, when decoded, reveals when and where the car was built, and what options it came with. More importantly, cars are numbered in sequence as they come down the assembly line. It kind of acts like a birth certificate.
What makes this pair of 1974 MG Midgets in Toronto so special is that their VIN codes are sequential — meaning one came off the assembly line right after the other one. These cars were born together in Abingdon, England, but they didn't remain together for very long.
Little about the early history of these cars is known. They were probably shipped to Canada as a pair (likely rusting while on the boat here) and were possibly sold through the same dealership. But what we do know is that the green car parted ways with its red brother and the two would not be reunited for a very long time.
The red MG passed through a series of owners before landing at a farm outside Beaverton, Ont., in 2011. Just one year later in 2012, its owner heard about another 1974 MG Midget that was for sale. He went to have a look at it and when he checked the VIN code, he knew he had to have it. The green car was made directly after the red one! A deal was struck, and the ratty green MG headed towards the barn in Beaverton to once again be reunited with its red brother.
Time hasn't been kind to the little Midgets and both cars are showing their age. The red car runs and drives, but has rust issues in the rocker panels. The green car looks like a patchwork quilt thanks to recent metal work, has a rotten top, and hasn't been started yet.
These MG siblings are looking for a new home and after their amazing reunion story, it would be a shame to separate them again. The ad can be found here. The current owner, Walter Rhoddy (not the one who reunited the pair), is asking $1,800 for the green MG and $2,300 for the red one. He'd like to keep them as a pair (it was meant to be!) and is offering both for $3,600.
Rhoddy found the two cars while responding to an ad for a 1970 Honda Civic ice racer stored at the same Beaverton property. He ended up not buying the Civic and left with the pair of MGs. After owning the cars for a few months, Rhoddy has decided to let them go.
Restored, these cars would make a perfectly matching his and hers set. Maybe a father and son team could restore them and each keep one. The odds of finding another sequential pair of classic sports cars are cosmically slim. These cars were born together halfway around the world and have finally been reunited. Hopefully, they can stay together.
Washington (CNN) The Supreme Court's decision Friday to legalize same-sex marriage everywhere offered the GOP a way out of a debate that national polls show has turned into a loser for their candidates. But some Republican presidential contenders are ready for another cultural and civil rights battle — this time over religious liberty.
On Sunday, several 2016 hopefuls sought to court evangelical Christians who make up much of the base Republicans must win over to advance out of the primary election, signaling that they're willing to deal with the accusations of discrimination that states like Indiana have faced in order to protect religious rights.
"May I ask, are we going to now discriminate against people of conscience, people of faith, who disagree with this ruling?" he said on ABC's "This Week." "I'm not sure that every governor and every attorney general should just say, 'Well, it's the law of the land' because there's no enabling legislation."
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz went even further in the wake of the ruling, telling an Iowa crowd that "the last 24 hours at the United States Supreme Court were among the darkest hours of our nation."
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul wrote for Time Magazine that he will "resist any intrusion of government into the religious sphere" — and that means ending marriage benefits like tax breaks and getting government out of the institution altogether.
"Since government has been involved in marriage, they have done what they always do — taxed it, regulated it, and now redefined it," he wrote. "It is hard to argue that government's involvement in marriage has made it better, a fact also not surprising to those who believe government does little right."
And Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal predicted the fight over religious liberty would persist through the 2016 election.
"Here's where the next fight's going: I think the left is now going to go after our First Amendment rights," Jindal said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
"I think it is wrong for the federal government to force Christian individuals, businesses, pastors, churches to participate in wedding ceremonies that violate our sincerely held religious beliefs," he said. "We have to stand up and fight for religious liberty. That's where this fight is going. The left wants to silence us, Hillary Clinton wants to silence us, we're not going away."
The issue thrust Indiana into the national spotlight -- and ended any hope Gov. Mike Pence had for a dark-horse presidential campaign -- three months ago when the Republican-dominated Legislature there passed a "religious freedom" law that critics said would have allowed businesses to turn away gay customers.
It was Pence's struggles to explain the move, capped by a widely panned interview with George Stephanopoulos on ABC's "This Week," that led Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson to order changes to a similar bill in his state and led others, including Georgia, to drop their legislative pushes for "religious freedom" measures altogether.
Pence's debacle also attracted the attention of some presidential candidates, who tried to to both rally to the cause but not risk alienating any powerful -- think business -- interests.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said Pence, in "fixing" the law had done "the right thing."
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said Christian photographers shouldn't be punished for refusing to shoot a same-sex wedding.
JUST WATCHED S.E. Cupp tears up over same-sex marriage ruling Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH S.E. Cupp tears up over same-sex marriage ruling 01:29
And former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum said at the time he stands for "religious liberty and real tolerance."
The issue -- similar to immigration -- is a conundrum for Republicans. Their primary electorate opposes same-sex marriage, while national polls show the general public is much more supportive of allowing gay and lesbian couples to wed. The Supreme Court's ruling has evoked fears that religious rights are poised to be trampled if a liberal president succeeds President Barack Obama and appoints more Supreme Court justices.
Cruz has even called for a constitutional amendment judicial elections for Supreme Court justices in the wake of the Court ruling.
"I am proposing an amendment to the Constitution to subject #SCOTUS justices to periodic judicial retention elections #BelieveAgain," he tweeted on Saturday.
I am proposing an amendment to the Constitution to subject #SCOTUS justices to periodic judicial retention elections #BelieveAgain — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) June 27, 2015
Some GOP contenders weren't eager to start a new fight over religious liberty on Sunday, though.
"I think we need to take a deep breath," Ohio Gov. John Kasich said on CBS's "Face the Nation."
"Look, I believe in traditional marriage, but the Supreme Court has ruled, and it's the law of the land, and we'll abide by it," he said. "And I think everybody needs to take a deep breath to see how this evolves."
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said on NBC's "Meet the Press" that Republicans should "fight for the religious liberties of every American."
But he used much less stark language than other contenders, saying the ruling was a "transformational moment."
"There are a lot of upset people who believe in traditional marriage. They're disappointed, they're down right now," he said.
Graham said he would, as president, protect the tax-exempt status of religious institutions that refuse to participate in same-sex weddings.
"If you're a gay person or a gay couple, if I'm president of the United States, you will be able to participate in commerce and be a full member of society, consistent with the religious beliefs of others who have rights also," he said.
Meanwhile, Democrats like Hillary Clinton, who only years ago said she opposed same-sex marriage, have celebrated the Supreme Court's ruling. It's provided a perfect opportunity to demonstrate a stark partisan difference on an issue where broad public opinion favors the Democrats.
Of all the obstacles CBS faced in gathering information about the Benghazi terrorist attack, obstacles erected by the Obama administration loomed the largest, according to the journalists who put together the Oct. 27 "60 Minutes" report.
"The administration is cracking down so hard on leakers: No one wants to put anything in writing, everybody is scared to talk over the phone, people want to meet in person; all of that makes it that much harder to investigate anything," said CBS's Lara Logan.
Logan said that government sources and people "involved" with Benghazi face "an extraordinary amount of pressure" from the government not to talk to the media about the attack.
"I mean, to the point where people that we've known for years would call people who were no longer in their positions, and they would call someone else that we knew, and messages would be delivered like that because there couldn't be any trail linking you directly to our story," she said.
Logan reported that "about 30 minutes into the attack, a quick reaction force from the CIA annex ignored orders to wait and raced to the compound, at times running and shooting their way through the streets just to get there."
Another small team flew in from Tripoli during the attack, but no more help was forthcoming.
"[F]or us, for the people that go out onto the edge, to represent our country, we believe that if we get in trouble, they're coming to get us," said Gregory Hicks, one of the top State Department officials working in Libya at the time of the attack, while discussing what it was like to learn that no "military assets" outside the country would come to the rescue.
"That our back is covered. To hear that it's not, it's a terrible, terrible experience," he told Logan.
Logan's assessment of the Obama administration's efforts to suppress the news media's efforts to get to the bottom of the Benghazi massacre of four Americans, including Ambassador Chris Stephens, comes on the heels of a damning report by the Committee to Protect Journalists.
Written by former Washington Post managing editor Leonard Downie, the CPJ report described the Obama administration's chilling of sources in government who previously were conduits of critically important information needed by the public to assess accurately the performance of government.
“This is the most closed, control freak administration I've ever covered,” said David E. Sanger, veteran chief Washington correspondent of the New York Times, told Downie.
Print Page Prev ious Next
Section 114: Real estate transactions; disclosure; psychologically impacted property
Section 114. The fact or suspicion that real property may be or is psychologically impacted shall not be deemed to be a material fact required to be disclosed in a real estate transaction. ''Psychologically impacted'' shall mean an impact being the result of facts or suspicions including, but not limited to, the following:
(a) that an occupant of real property is now or has been suspected to be infected with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus or with Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome or any other disease which reasonable medical evidence suggests being highly unlikely to be transmitted through the occupying of a dwelling;
(b) that the real property was the site of a felony, suicide or homicide; and
(c) that the real property has been the site of an alleged parapsychological or supernatural phenomenon.
No cause of action shall arise or be maintained against a seller or lessor of real property or a real estate broker or salesman, by statute or at common law, for failure to disclose to a buyer or tenant that the real property is or was psychologically impacted.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this section shall not authorize a seller, lessor or real estate broker or salesman to make a misrepresentation of fact or false statement.
Senator Warren: If TPP Transparency Would Lead To Public Opposition, Then TPP Is Wrong
from the nicely-stated dept
I have heard the argument that transparency would undermine the Administration's policy to complete the trade agreement because public opposition would be significant. If transparency leaded to widespread public opposition to a trade agreement, then that trade agreement should not be the policy of the United States. I believe in transparency and democracy and I think the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) should too.
President Obama made transparency and inclusion a centerpiece of his election, and in many areas, he has opened the doors of government to ensure that the product of governing can withstand public scrutiny and is not the product of back-room deal making.
While I have no doubt that the President's commitment to openness is genuine, I am concerned about the Administration's record of transparency regarding the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Specifically, I am troubled by the Administration's unwillingness to provide to the public the composite bracketed text relating to the negotiations. As you know, the composite bracketed text includes not only proposed language from the United States but also proposed language from other countries. These different proposals are brought together in one text, and negotiations focus on ironing out the various proposals and getting to agreement on common language. The lack of transparency in this area is troubling because, as you know, the bracketed text serves as the focal point for actual negotiations. I appreciate the willingness of the USTR to make various documents available for review by members of Congress, but I do not believe that is a substitute for more robust public transparency.
It would appear that new Senator Elizabeth Warren is on the side of transparency when it comes the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement. Sometimes it feels like Senator Wyden is the only one who cares about this issue, so it would be nice to have someone else step in as well. Following USTR nominee Michael Froman's Senate hearings, Warren has sent a letter to the White House asking for its negotiating position on the TPP. The key point, which should be repeated over and over again is the following:This is actually in direct response to claims from the former USTR, Ron Kirk, who pointed to a failed trade agreement -- the Free Trade Area of the Americas -- which was handled in a much more open fashion as support for why the TPP must remain secret. But the reasoning there, as Senator Warren correctly notes, is ridiculous. If the trade agreement failed because the public opposed it, that should be seen as a good thing, because the government was stopped from going against the will of the people.Warren's overall letter is great. Here's another snippet and the full text is embedded below.
Filed Under: democracy, elizabeth warren, michael froman, public opposition, secrecy, tpp, transparency, ustr
ProJo Held Key 38 Studios Story At Request of EDC
View Larger +
The delay allowed a key inital meeting between RIEDC officials and 38 Studios leaders, including Curt Schilling and Michael Corso, to move forward.
According to a series of emails between 38 Studios and Stokes, the leak to the Providence Journal jeopardized the negotiations.
In an email from 38 Studios CEO Curt Schilling the night of March 22, 2010, Schilling indicated that a Providence Journal story would have jeopardized the next day's meeting. “One of the key pieces of the entire deal was trust, in the people and the process, I know for 100% fact that the people on my end have nothing to gain and actually A LOT to lose by revealing any of this, so someone not on our team talked," wrote Schilling.
In response to Schilling's email, Keith Stokes emailed back after 1:24 a.m. trying to keep the deal and the meeting alive. Stokes wrote, “My strong suggestion is to have our meeting tomorrow (this was a scheduled deal negotiation meeting) and I will call reporter personally to ask that she sit on anything she has heard at this point. Keith.”
The exchange between Stokes and Schilling showed Stokes had emailed Schilling earlier that evening at 9:08 p.m. that “Providence Journal reporter, Cynthia Needham, approached the Governor and I today at 4 pm before a regularly scheduled meeting. She had very specific information…”
The meeting went forward and the Providence Journal wrote only a short story on 38 Studios interest in coming to Rhode Island two days later on page A-7 - after the negotiations were held.
Needham, now the Deputy Business Editor at the Boston Globe, told GoLocalProv in a phone interview, "I prefer not to comment at this time," said Needham. "I don't want to get involved in any conversation about sourcing. I haven't been a reporter for five years."
According to a former high level RIEDC official, Melissa Czerwein (Chambers at the time, her then maiden name) was asked and called Needham to hold the story. In an interview with GoLocal this week, she said she could not remember if she had made a call.
The impact of the delay of the story is unknown, but it is clear from the email exchange that a 38 Studios story published at the inception of the negations may have torpedoed the negotiations and undermined negotiating a deal.
According to the email exchange between Rob Stolzman, outside Counsel of RIEDC and Stokes, identify that then-Attorney General and now lobbyist Patrick Lynch as the source of the leak of the meeting to Needham. The emails outline that the leak raised questions among the 38 Studios team about the ability to negotiate with the RIEDC at that key juncture.
By March 25, draft documents for the deal including the $75 million loan structure were being exchanged between EDC officials and 38 Studios leadership.
Editors Note: The emails cited in the story appeared in exhibit of both Michael Corso and Keith Stokes. They are among the tens of thousands of pages of documents recently released.
Stokes Deposition Part 1
Stokes Deposition Part 2
Stokes Deposition Part 3
Corso Deposition
By March 25, just 48 hours after the first critical meeting, the deal between RIEDC and 38 Studios was already being defined. Draft documents of the deal and the commitment of $75 million was already being memorialized in a draft agreement letter.
See Corso Exhibit 134
Later, the following story appeared:
CYNTHIA NEEDHAM JOURNAL STAFF WRITER
PUBLICATION: Providence Journal (RI)
SECTION: projoRhodeIsland
DATE: March 24, 2010
EDITION: 1
Page: A7
Retired Red Sox pitching ace Curt Schilling is in talks with state officials about possibly moving his video game design start-up company to Rhode Island.
In an interview with The Journal, Schilling described the conversations as "preliminary discussions" and said the Ocean State is one of several his company, 38 Studios LLC, is speaking with about a potential move from its founding location in Maynard, Mass.
"Rhode Island was right next door and it just seemed like a natural fit to have a conversation," Schilling said in a telephone interview late Monday night.The state's creative arts community is also a draw."The RISD connection is a huge one. We have multiple RISD [graduates] as employees now," Schilling said. 38 Studios - the name comes from Schilling's Red Sox number - is an 80-person company developing an online multiplayer video game it hopes can compete with World of Warcraft, the popular Internet fantasy game with millions of subscription-paying players worldwide. Schilling's project has not yet launched. The Rhode Island connection grew out of a chance meeting between Schilling and Governor Carcieri at a March fundraiser at the pitcher's Medfield, Mass., home. The two fell into conversation about 38 Studios.
"My sense was that he wasn't particularly thrilled with the reception he was getting in Massachusetts, so I said: 'Come on down, we'd be happy to talk to you,' " Carcieri recalled. Schilling took him up on the offer and came to Rhode Island several times in the past few days, meeting with House Speaker Gordon D. Fox, Economic Development Corporation Director Keith Stokes and several other state officials. "I think he was just feeling as though maybe we were going to pay more attention to him," said Carcieri. State officials declined to elaborate on exactly what kind of tax credits or other legislative incentives they might offer to lure Schilling's company here. In the past, Rhode Island has offered incentives to a variety of businesses to encourage economic development, including job creation.
The former pitcher said the 38 Studios board has investigated potential out-of-state moves in the hopes of finding a place where "the long-term health and viability of the company" is best served. Schilling said he hopes to expand his staff to 400 or even 500. (With the acquisition of Baltimore, Md.'s Big Huge Games, the company added more than 50 jobs in that state, for a total staff of about 140.) Schilling's video game is being developed under the name "Copernicus." Comic book creator Todd MacFarlane and fantasy author R.A. Salvatore are working with 38 Studios on the project, which reports have suggested could launch in late 2010. Schilling would not confirm that date.
NOTE - a shorter version also appeared (3/23/2010). Web version after the meeting was held.
Related Slideshow: Keith Stokes Transcript - Part 1
Related Articles
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
General Re, a unit of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. which won a license to open an Indian office in May, is seeking a larger slice of the world's fastest-growing reinsurance market The unit plans to expand in health and life insurance , as well as explore opportunities in property and casualty cover, said Venkatesh Chakravarty, chief executive officer of General Reinsurance AG India Branch. The plan is to help clients develop new products, distribution channels and enter newer market segments, he said in an interview.Gen Re's entry follows a rush among foreign reinsurers such as Munich Re, Swiss Re AG, London-based Lloyd's and SCOR SE after Asia's third-biggest economy opened the sector in 2015. The market is forecast to grow at an average annual growth rate of 9 per cent from 2017 to 2022, according to Reports Monitor."Given the under-penetration of insurance, the growth momentum is expected to continue for both the insurance and reinsurance industry,” Chakravarty said. "India is an important market for us, which is the reason for setting up a branch. We are here for the long haul.”Building a business in India could help Gen Re's turnaround. A glut of capital in the global reinsurance industry in recent years has caused prices for some kinds of coverage to sag. Rather than take on policies at those lower rates, Gen Re has said it's turning away some business.By contrast, India's reinsurance market, grew at a compound annual rate of 26 per cent from 2012 to 2016, according to Reports Monitor, luring in global reinsurers. With competition heating up, Chakravarty emphasized that Gen Re would continue to prioritize profitability."Gen Re isn't focused on growing the top line or the market share at any cost,” said Chakravarty.Buffett asked one of his top lieutenants, Ajit Jain, to oversee the reinsurer last year. Soon after, Jain wrote a lengthy memo to Gen Re's staff suggesting areas where they could streamline operations and change how it does business to be more competitive.The efforts are starting to show. In the first six months, premium revenue climbed 7 per cent to $2.97 billion, driven by gains at the property-casualty unit. Underwriting results, however, have been hurt by an increase in costs tied to natural disasters.Gen Re may benefit from Indian insurers flocking to list their shares if IPO proceeds are used to write more polices, Chakravarty said.First time listings in India are headed for a record year as insurers tap increasing investor demand for financial assets. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. raised 57 billion rupees ($877 million) on Sept. 21, while SBI Life Insurance Co. is looking to raise $1.3 billion. Deals are also in the offing from HDFC Standard Life Insurance Co. and state-run General Insurance Corp. of India.
LONDON, Nov 10: A Boeing 777 wide-body aircraft set an endurance record for a non-stop commercial flight on Thursday, travelling more than 22 hours eastwards from Hong Kong to London.
The aircraft, with 35 passengers and crew aboard, flew more than halfway around the world, covering 11,664 nautical miles, or 21,601 kilometres.
Along with five Boeing 777 pilots, Commander Asif Reza, Senior Vice-President, Flight Operations, PIA was in command, and was assisted by Capt Muhammad Illyas Malik, designated as Check Pilot Boeing 777 in PIA, to fly the aircraft as Boeing's “Launch Customer”, pending delivery of this first plane to PIA registered in Pakistan AP-BGY. A Singapore Airlines pilot was also on board as Singapore Airline is evaluating this aeroplane after PIA.
The event was reminiscent of another such record-breaking flight by PIA nearly four decades earlier when Commander Abdullah Baig, flying the newly manufactured Boeing 720, eased into a jet stream during cruise with consummate skill, to break the London-Karachi flight time record.
The 777-200LR (longer range) Worldliner plane touched down at London's Heathrow airport in Boeing's blue and white livery, with the word “experimental” over the forward door.
Officials from the Guinness World Records were on hand at London's Heathrow Airport to verify the record as the world's longest commercial flight.
The plane flew from Hong Kong to London, going the long way round over North America in a flight which lasted 22 hours and 42 minutes.
Captain Suzanna Darcy-Hennemann, one of the pilots, said the plane had two hours of fuel left when it landed.
Asked why they did not keep going, she said: “You have to declare your route before you set off.”
She told reporters that air traffic controllers, unaware the flight was trying to break a record, had offered the pilots vectors, or short cuts, to speed up the journey.
“We kept being offered vectors and, strange for a pilot, we kept saying no we want to stay on our route,” she said.
The first Boeing 777-200LR will be delivered to Pakistan International Airlines in early 2006. The plane can carry about 300 passengers.
Randy Tinseth, director of product marketing for Boeing Commercial Airplanes said the plane's long-range capabilities, by using two rather than four fuel-efficient engines, would save airlines about 2 million gallons of fuel per year.—Agencies
President Trump is reportedly looking at reducing the number of refugees coming into the U.S.
Trump will have to make a choice about the number of refugees to let into the country in the next budget year, according to The Associated Press, and there are differing opinions within the administration over how refugees should be let in.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) reportedly wants an even stricter cap — 40,000 — on refugee admissions during the next budget year, which starts Oct. 1.
The State Department, meanwhile, proposed that the U.S. maintain the current admissions rate, which is at 50,000, according to the AP.
A White House official told the news service that Trump will weigh the options on refugee admissions over the weekend before he needs to make his final decision.
White House spokeswoman Kelly Love said the Trump administration is "guided by the safety and security of the American people, the protection of U.S. taxpayers, and the application of U.S. resources in a manner that stretches our dollars to help the most people."
Trump made immigration a key piece of his presidential campaign.
During his campaign, Trump said the U.S. needed to put an end to the "massive inflow of refugees."
"Thousands of refugees are being admitted with no way to screen them and are instantly made eligible for welfare and free health care, even as our own veterans, our great, great veterans, die while they're waiting online for medical care that they desperately need," Trump said last October.
Since taking office, he has issued various orders, including temporarily barring people from some Muslim-majority countries from coming to the U.S. and ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program.
* PM short of votes in parliament to approve gas deal
* Scrambles to rein in rebellious cabinet ministers
* Deal would grant monopoly to U.S., Israeli gas companies
By Jeffrey Heller
JERUSALEM, June 29 (Reuters) - Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday faced his first major coalition crisis since his re-election, with ministers withholding support for government plans for developing Israel's natural gas fields.
At least three cabinet members cited conflicts of interest - personal or business-related - in seeking to be recused from a parliament vote later in the day meant to pave the way for a gas deal that would circumvent anti-trust regulation.
Netanyahu, who has a one-seat majority in the 120-member parliament, held emergency meetings to try and resolve the impasse.
Under the proposed deal, Texas-based Noble Energy and Israel's Delek Group would keep ownership of the massive offshore Leviathan field while stakes in smaller projects are put up for sale, industry officials said.
The agreement has become the focus of national debate with critics saying Netanyahu was putting big oil profits above what could be a windfall for the state and citizens hoping to lower energy prices.
Netanyahu says the more pressing issue is to get the gas out of the ground and fast-track the development of Israel's natural resources.
Development of Leviathan, which could supply billions of dollars worth of gas to Egypt and Jordan, has been held up for a few years by regulatory issues. Israel's anti-trust authority objects to the monopoly arrangement.
Facing possible defeat in parliament, Netanyahu could declare the vote a ballot of confidence in his government, political analysts said. That could effectively force recalcitrant ministers to back the measure.
Netanyahu's original plan to push the deal through swiftly last week, was derailed by his economy minister, Aryeh Deri of the ultra-Orthodox Shas party, who declined to sign off on the agreement. He cited monopoly concerns.
That in turn forced Netanyahu to go to parliament in order to give the government the required authorization to finalise the deal with Noble and Delek, which currently control a number of gas fields off Israel's shore.
The U.S. State Department, hailing prospective regional benefits, has voiced support for moving ahead with the deals between Noble Energy, Jordan and Egypt. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has discussed the matter with Netanyahu in the past. (Additional reporting by Ari Rabinovitch; Editing by Maayan Lubell and Janet Lawrence)
Getty Images
Plenty of people are playing hooky from work on Friday so they can catch a showing of the new Star Wars flick, but the chance to see what Admiral Ackbar has been up to since Return of the Jedi reportedly isn't the reason why quarterback Tom Brady missed Patriots practice on Friday.
Brady wasn't spotted at the portion of practice open to the media and Jim McBride of the Boston Globe reports, via a team source, that Brady is under the weather. There's no word on the severity of the illness or if Brady's at any risk of missing the game, leaving the release of the team's official injury report later on Friday to shed any more light on the absence.
Tight end Rob Gronkowski and center Bryan Stork were also missing at practice Friday. Tom Curran of CSN New England reports that the reason Gronkowski wasn't there isn't injury related.
Safety Devin McCourty was on the field after missing the first two practices of the week with an ankle injury. Reports have suggested McCourty will miss some time, although the Patriots have been predictably silent about his outlook for this weekend.
April 15
April 8
April 6
Mar 30
Mar 29
Mar 28 Build2
Mar 28
Latest Release:
cm-12.1-20150415
** Happy Birthday to my sister Kayla*** Fixed MMS sending and receiving issues* A good amount of stability updates from upstream* android 5.1 r5* Any and all updates upstream at time of compile* Mute and hold buttons now work in the InCallUI as they should* a lot of cleanups from mismerges (upstream)* if you still have that random problem of AOSP keyboard crashing i would do a full wipe and re-install* Any and all updates since last build and time of compile.* A lot of changes are "under-the-hood" changes but results in a nice solid build* As far as i can tell VoLTE still does not work. and It might be awhile due to massive code differences between AOSP and caf* Blacklisting mode is fixed* Fixed picture messages for Google messager* Re-Enabled Selinux Enforcing* Any upstream updates since time of compile* Fixed issue of package installer FCing at the end of manually installing an app* A decent amount of updates/cleanup/small bug fixes by all the CM devs* Synced with source as of 5PM PDT* Updated gapps link to point to my web server instead of dev host* android 5.1_r3* Fixed Contacts app from FCing when selecting a contact (credits: DevorteX)* Fixed Google Messanger from not working due to missing sql entry (credits: ktoonsez)* initial build of cm-12.1/Android 5.1. THERE WILL BE BUGS so think before you post dumb stuff* Most features work, SMS will FC unless you go to settings>privacy>blacklist and turn the blacklisting feature completely off. This will be fixed once the source is merged for it.Team Hydra Github (main): https://github.com/Team-Hydra CyanogenMod Github: https://github.com/CyanogenMod --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
There is no offseason in the NFL, at least not for personnel departments, coaches, and the media.
Which is why Da Bears Brothers will be in Indianapolis this week for the NFL's annual festival of 40 times, failed drug tests, and fast-rising workout warriors: the NFL Scouting Combine!
Our goal is to be your eyes and ears in Indy on Saturday, so that everything we see and hear you see and hear.
Here is Part 1 in our ongoing DBB at the Combine series …
Greg Olsen, where art thou?
This year is considered the weakest draft class for tight ends in recent history.
Still, don't be surprised if the Bears select one, as there are questions surrounding the return of both Zach Miller and Martellus Bennett.
The Bears would be ecstatic to find a player they can develop who might eventually produce at the level of Miller or Bennett. And maybe they can. Julius Thomas (4th round, 2013 and Delaine Walker (6th round, 2006) weren't exactly heralded coming out of college, and they have developed into solid pros.
So while the ever-present dream of replacing Greg Olsen is unlikely to be realized with his group of tight ends, there is reason to pay close attention to what happens in Indy so you know what the Bears are getting if one of these names are called on draft day.
Will's List:
Bryce Williams, East Carolina
Williams has the ability to separate from the defender, especially in between the hashes. He could be a good target in the middle of the field as he can make the difficult catch in traffic. He reminds me of Greg Olsen, not just with his wavy blond hair, but also his play and size. Both are 6'5 and weigh around 260, and Williams is sneaky in the seam, just like Olsen.
Drills I'm watching: 40-yard dash, the gauntlet, over shoulder catch
Tyler Higbee, Western Kentucky
Higbee is a little bit smaller than Williams (6'4, 243), but is a more polished receiver. He only had one drop last season, has strong acceleration and can work all three levels of the field. Higbee also does not go down easy and fights for extra yards. Probably has the best catching skills out of any tight end in the draft. Did have a knee injury, need to see how it looks Saturday.
Drills I'm watching: verticle jump, block explosion, the gauntlet
Brandon's List:
Ben Braunecker, Harvard
Listed at 6'4 Braunecker was the leading receiver for the Harvard Crimson in 2015. He finished off the season with eight touchdowns and 850 receiving yards on 48 receptions. I think he is quicker than some people may realize, but his 40 time will show us how quick he is. Braunecker is a solid blocker as well, still could use some improvement, but I have not seen too many players shed his blocks.
Drills I'm watching: 40-yard dash, vertical jump, the gauntlet
Austin Hooper, Stanford
Also standing 6'4, Hooper is entering the draft after his redshirt sophomore season. He is quite the athlete and has good hands to compliment his athletic skill set. I'm not sure if Hooper has fully grown into his body yet, meaning he can still put on some muscle and not lose a step down the field. He will be a big target to his future quarterback because of his tall frame and long arms.
Drills I'm watching: bench press, the gauntlet, over shoulder catch
Tomorrow we will break down the receivers that we find intriguing.
We don't put it past Ryan Pace to draft another receiver this year, as he drafts “best available,” so certainly a wide out could be taken. Plus, it's a position that could become a stronger need, dependent on how the Alshon scenario pans out.
And here is a special invitation for you …
After our day at the Combine, we will have a Special Combine Edition of Da Bears Brothers, where we will share our first-hand takeaways from throughout our day in Indy.
Join our email newsletter today to make sure you don't miss the details about our live report, or to watch the replay if you can't attend live.
Sign up for free here.
We'll talk to you soon! #BearDown
The midnight of August 15, 1947 is perhaps noted as the most significant in the pages of Indian history. In the words of Jawaharlal Nehru, India awoke to life and freedom. But if freedom is the hard earned dream come true for the nationalist leaders of India, then stitching together the hundreds of territorial pieces into a distinct whole was an aspiration much harder to realise and as of August 15, lay yet unfulfilled. The departure of the British from Indian territory was accompanied by the question of how to bring together the 500-odd chiefdoms and states they had left behind.
Advertising
The princely states, both pampered and exploited by the British, maintained a position of semi-autonomy under the colonisers and were the toughest challenge facing free India. Remarking upon the complicated relationship between the princes and the British, historian Barbara Ramusack notes “British colonial officials had claimed them as faithful military allies, denounced them as autocrats, praised them as natural leaders of their subjects, chided them as profligate playboys, and taken advantage of their lavish hospitality.” For the British these states were the necessary allies, to keep in check the rise of their common enemy, the French. Accordingly, the princes were given autonomy over their territories, but the British acquired for themselves the right to appoint ministers and get military support as and when required.
Once the withdrawal of the British was announced, the issue of the princely states had to be settled for the new government that would be in power. By the late 1930s itself, the Congress had made clear their intention of integrating the states into the Indian union. In the 1938 Haripura session of the Congress, the objective was made clear in the following words:
“The Congress stands for the same political, social and economic freedom in the States as in the rest of India and considers the States as integral parts of India which cannot be separated. The Purna Swaraj or complete independence, which is the objective of the Congress, is for the whole of India, inclusive of the States, for the integrity and unity of India must be maintained in freedom as it has been maintained in subjection.”
To aid in the process a new states department was set up with Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel as its head and V. P. Menon as the secretary. Together they, under the guidance of Lord Mountbatten, were given the responsibility to coax, cajole and convince the princes to accede to the Indian union. Bikaner, Baroda and few other states from Rajasthan were the first ones to join the union. Alternatively, there were several other states that were adamant to not shake hands with India. Some of them thought this to be the best moment to acquire independent statehood, while there were others who wanted to become a part of Pakistan. Here are the cases of five states that opposed the idea of joining India.
Advertising
Travancore
The southern Indian maritime state was one of the first princely states to refuse accession to the Indian union and question the Congress' leadership of the nation. The state was strategically placed for maritime trade and was rich in both human and mineral resources.
Sir C. P. Ramamswamy Aiyar, the dewan of Travancore and a distinguished lawyer by profession, had by 1946 declared his intention of forming an independent state of Travancore that would be open to the idea of signing a treaty with the Indian union. Historian Ramachandra Guha notes that Travancore's bid to independence was in fact propelled by Mohammed Ali Jinnah. Sir C.P. Aiyar is also said to have had secret ties with the UK government who were in support of an independent Travancore in the hope that they would get exclusive access to a mineral called monazite that the area was rich in, and would give an edge to Britain in the nuclear arms race. While the Dewan stuck to his position till as late as July 1947, he changed his mind soon after he survived an assassination attempt by a member of the Kerala Socialist Party. On July 30 1947, Travancore joined India.
Jodhpur
The Rajput princely state of Jodhpur was a strange case of tilting towards Pakistan despite having a Hindu king and a large Hindu population. While the prince, Maharaja Hanvant Singh, was strong in his willingness to join India, he somehow got the idea that it might be more beneficial for him to join Pakistan on account of the fact that his state shared border with the soon-to-be born country. Further, he was lured into joining Pakistan by Jinnah who offered him full port facilities in Karachi along with military and agrarian support. However, when Vallabhbhai Patel was made aware of the possibility of Jodhpur going to Pakistan, he immediately contacted the prince and offered him sufficient benefits and explained to him the problems of joining a Muslim state. Eventually the Jodhpur prince was won back. Historian Ramchandra Guha, in his work “India after Gandhi”, notes that on being presented with the Instrument of Accession, the Jodhpur prince dramatically took out a revolver and held it on the secretary's head saying, “I will not accept your dictation”. However, few minutes later he calmed down and signed the document.
Bhopal
Another state that wished to declare independence was Bhopal, which had a Muslim Nawab, Hamidullah Khan, ruling over a majority Hindu population. A close friend of the Muslim League, the Nawab was staunchly opposed to Congress rule. He had made clear his decision to attain independence to Mountbatten. However, the latter wrote back to him stating that “no ruler could run away from the dominion closest to him”. By July 1947, the prince became aware of the large number of princes who had acceded to India and decided to follow suit.
Hyderabad
The case of Hyderabad was by far the most significant and complicated challenge among the princely states. Lying in the Deccan plateau, the state covered a large portion of the centre of India. During the independence of the country, Nizam Mir Usman Ali was presiding over a largely Hindu population. When the British decided to leave, the Nizam was very clear on his demand for an independent state and consequently becoming a member of the British commonwealth of nations. Lord Mountbatten, however, made it very clear that the Crown would not agree to Hyderabad becoming member of the British commonwealth, except through either of the two new dominions.
While the tussle over Hyderabad grew stronger over time, violence and demonstrations across the state became a regular feature. The Nizam also drew support from Jinnah who pledged to defend the oldest Muslim dynasty in India. For Patel, however, an independent Hyderabad was equivalent to having cancer in the belly of India.
Once Lord Mountbatten resigned in June 1948, the Congress government decided to make a more decisive turn. On September 13, Indian troops were sent to Hyderabad in what came to be known as ‘Operation Polo'. In an armed encounter that lasted for about four days, the Indian army gained full control of the state. Later, in an attempt to reward the Nizam for his submission, he was made the governor of the state of Hyderabad.
Junagadh
Apart from Hyderabad, there was one more state that had not acceded to the Indian union by August 15, 1947, the Gujarati state of Junagadh. Junagadh was the most important among the group of Kathiawar states. Here too, the Nawab, Muhammad Mahabat Khanji III ruled over a large Hindu population. However, when on July 25, 1947 Lord Mountbatten addressed the princes, the Dewan of Junagadh had made very clear his decision to advise the Nawab on joining the Indian union.
In early 1947, the Dewan of Junagadh, Nabi Baksh invited Sir Shah Nawaz Bhutto of the Muslim league to join the state council of minister. In the absence of the existing dewan, Bhutto took over the office and pressed the Nawab to accede to Pakistan. When Pakistan accepted Junagadh's request for accession, the Indian leaders were enraged as it went against Jinnah's two nation theory.
Advertising
The disturbed situation in Junagadh led to a complete breakdown of the economy and consequently the Nawab fled to Karachi. Vallabhbhai Patel requested Pakistan to allow a plebiscite in Junagadh and eventually sent in troops to force annexation of three of its principalities. In the face of acute shortage of funds and forces, the Dewan was forced to accede to the Indian government. Eventually, on February 20, 1948, a plebiscite was held in the state wherein 91 percent of the voters chose to join India.
Read the story in Malayalam
Just what the world needs, another jQuery slider. YAWN. I know, check this one out though, it's got lots of cool features.
Here on CSS-Tricks, I've created a number of different sliders. Three, in fact. A "featured content" slider, a "start/stop slider", and "moving boxes". Each of them had some cool interesting feature that I needed to build at the time. All were well-received, but as is the case with these things, people want them to do X, Y, and Z in addition to what they already did.
This new AnythingSlider is an attempt at bringing together the functionality of all of those previous sliders and adding new features. In other words, to create a really "full featured" slider that could be widely useful. This is the first time (on CSS-Tricks) that one of these sliders is an actual plugin as well, which should make implementing it and customizing it much easier.
View Demo Download Files
The demo page has the current version, complete usage, and up-to-date changelog.
Features
Slides are HTML Content (can be anything)
Next Slide / Previous Slide Arrows
Navigation tabs are built and added dynamically (any number of slides)
Optional custom function for formatting navigation text
Auto-playing (optional feature, can start playing or stopped)
Each slide has a hashtag (can link directly to specific slides)
Infinite/Continuous sliding (always slides in the direction you are going, even at "last" slide)
Multiple sliders allowable per-page (hashtags only work on first)
Pauses autoPlay on hover (option)
Link to specific slides from static text links
....and.... ...wait for it.... more!
Customization
Adding/Removing Slides
Just add or remove more <li> items from the list inside <div class="wrapper">, everything else happens automatically.
Adjusting Size
For example, if you wanted to make the slides 580px wide instead of 680px wide, you just need to change some CSS. Change the width of .anythingSlider ul li to 580px, change the width of .anythingSlider .wrapper to 580px, and reduce the width of .anythingSlider 100px to 660px.
Linking Directly To Slides from Static Links
Target the link using and ID or Class (or whatever), and apply a click handler. Then call the plugin function and pass it a number of the slides you are trying to link to:
$("#slide-jump").click(function(e){ $('.anythingSlider').anythingSlider(6); e.preventDefault(); });
Credits
It was written by me, with code piecemealed together from some of Remy Sharp's sliders and my own previous sliders. Doug Neiner stepped in and helped make it more efficient, smart, and fix some bugs.
Tom Joyce -
When can a winner still be a loser? It's easy when your name is Cam Newton.
Carolina Panthers supporters have reason to be happy this season, with their team off to a 9-0 start. But those who consider themselves serious football fans with a deep appreciation of the game should be ashamed of their quarterback Newton's bush-league behavior.
One quality of being a true professional, whether you're talking about athletics or most any other field, knows how to be a graceful winner as well as a gracious loser. In playing professional sports, with teams generally evenly matched under a scenario of any one of them being able to win on a given Sunday, it's a sure bet that sooner or later a player will find himself on the losing end of things.
Yet you wouldn't know that judging by the actions of Cam Newton, who instantly became irritating by donning jersey No. 1 when he entered the National Football League. That made an egotistical statement that the great quarterbacks don't see the need to make when they pick numbers 12 or 18, who instead let their performances do the talking.
Newton further irritated serious fans of the game when he began doing a celebration after scoring a touchdown in which he simulated Clark Kent pulling open his shirt to reveal that he is Superman. Now, I usually appreciate imaginative endzone celebrations, but Superman?
The Panthers quarterback has taken his antics to a new low with several recent incidents.
One occurred on Nov. 8 when Carolina hosted the Green Bay Packers and a Packers fan was displaying a large banner showing a map of North Carolina in the Green Bay color scheme and superimposed with the team's big-G logo. Newton ripped down and disposed of the banner, which supposedly had cost the fan $500.
Now I have been in the Panthers' stadium when they played the Packers and it's safe to say there were more Green Bay fans present than Panthers supporters — at least they were making more noise. The same has been true with other iconic teams with a nationwide fan base (which does not include the Panthers), such as the Steelers and Cowboys (although Dallas has no business calling itself America's Team).
Newton really took the cake last Sunday with his deplorable behavior in a win against the Tennessee Titans in Nashville.
He finished off Panthers' scoring drives with “in-your-face” taunts of both the Titans' players and fans, complete with chest pumps, pelvic thrusts and arrogant struts. It made one long for the good old days of the Clark Kent/Superman routine.
Naturally, Newton's childish and unprofessional behavior irked Titans players and fans, including one mother who chastised him in a letter she shared with the Charlotte Observer.
Rosemary Plorin of Nashville wrote how Sunday's game was the first live NFL experience for her 9-year-old daughter, who sat near an end zone and had a close-up view of Newton's post-touchdown theatrics.
After witnessing this, the daughter had a number of questions, such as “Won't he get in trouble for doing that? Is he trying to make people mad? Do you think he knows he looks like a spoiled brat?”
Meanwhile Sunday afternoon, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady quietly led his team to victory over their nemesis the New York Giants. Now if anyone had reason to chest-pump or pelvic-thrust, it was Brady, since the Giants had robbed him of two Super Bowl victories in recent years.
Brady simply hugged a few teammates after the winning drive and exchanged high-fives, but somehow did not see a need to rub it in the Giants' faces.
That's because love him or hate him, Brady not only possesses Superman-like skills on the field, but — unlike Cam Newton — the intellect to know that there is a certain karma with sports in that whatever goes around comes.
And if Cam Newton doesn't modify his behavior, he is going to one day find himself lying flat on his back in pain from being blindsided by some linebacker or defensive end in payback mode. And while looking up at the Carolina blue sky, Newton also will see said linebacker or defensive end taunting him with chest-pumps or whatever.
It might be next week or next month, but this will happen.
Tom Joyce may be reached at 336-415-4693 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.
Tom Joyce https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/web1_tomjoyce2.jpg Tom Joyce
This letter from former President Richard Nixon to Donald Trump — revealed this past fall by Trump biographer Michael D'Antonio — is eerily prescient:
Nixon predicts Trump victory. pic.twitter.com/GeK05QfzI6 — Jacob Weisberg (@jacobwe) April 12, 2016
You can actually watch the episode of Phil Donahue's talk show that so impressed Pat Nixon and her husband on YouTube:
At the time, Trump was only 41 but was already a New York media darling. The Art of the Deal had just come out, which would make him a national figure. Most of the interview isn't about politics, but the parts that are are very Nixon-friendly. Trump defends Nixon and his father against allegations that they discriminated against black tenants, and talks admiringly of Roy Cohn, the right-wing lawyer most famous for prosecuting the Rosenbergs and serving as Joseph McCarthy's chief counsel in the Senate.
Cohn (who spent his whole life closeted and died of AIDS the year before the interview) was a friend of Nixon's and reportedly helped him win reelection in 1972 by leaking Democratic VP candidate Thomas Eagleton's psychiatric history.
"The one thing I'll say about Roy is that he was an extremely loyal guy," Trump says. "Loyalty is a great trait."
The prospect of Trump running for office comes up again and again:
Donahue: You tell us also in your book that you left Queens and you left Brooklyn for Manhattan to get away from rent control! You're honest to tell us in this book. Trump: I'm honest. Hey, I'm not running for anything, Phil, I'm not running for office. I don't have to lie in a book. I want to tell the facts, okay? Do you want me to say little fibs and little this and little that, and how much we all love rent control and what a great thing it's been for New York? It's been a disaster for New York, it's badly hurt New York, it's crippled New York.
Trump follows that up by engaging in the kind of political rhetoric that he's perfected over the past year: populist while simultaneously drawing upon his own power as an elite. He condemns rent control for primarily helping the politically well-connected, bragging in the process that he has those connections ("it's the people with the connections — somebody knows Trump, somebody knows somebody else, they call up and say, 'Do me a favor,' that's what it's all about").
Donahue condemns Trump for calling then-New York Mayor Ed Koch a moron, and Trump doesn't back down, attacking him in similar terms to those he's used in criticizing the Obama administration and his primary rivals: "Ed Koch has been a disaster for New York. People that live in New York understand it. Taxes have gone through the roof."
Donahue insists it's an issue of tone — "I don't think you have to be passionately committed to city hall or anybody to conclude this kind of language from someone of your power and influence is not good style" — but Trump holds firm: "Phil, from my standpoint, it doesn't really matter. Again, I'm not running for office. If the point is made better by saying that, let the point be made. He's done a lousy job as mayor; anyone from New York understands it and knows it. It's gone down and it's going down as — hey, Phil, this is the most corrupt administration in the history of the city."
Compare that with Trump in 2016 on Obama and Hillary Clinton, and the rhetorical parallels are pretty clear:
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2016
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 22, 2015
Donahue pulls up another quote: "If people screw me, I screw back in spades." The audience claps. Trump: "Is there something wrong with that? Tell me." He proceeds to launch into a rant against Japan, Saudi Arabia, and Kuwait that wouldn't feel out of place in 2016 either:
Trump: We have countries out there that are our so-called allies, and I use the word "so-called" because they're a disaster for this country. Japan, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait. They're making billions and trillions of dollars while this country is going out and borrowing money from Japan to defend Japan. They don't spend for defense, we defend Japan.
Compare that with Trump just last month:
But right now we're protecting, we're basically protecting Japan, and we are, every time North Korea raises its head, you know, we get calls from Japan and we get calls from everybody else, and "Do something." And there'll be a point at which we're just not going to be able to do it anymore.
When it's time for questions from the audience, Trump gets asked again and again about his political plans, and he keeps coming back to the same familiar points:
Audience member 1: You keep saying you're not running for office, but why don't you? Trump: I wouldn't want to run for mayor of New York. I'd like to see somebody talented do that, and there's a tremendous potential in New York. New York is a great city, it's one of the great places of the world, but I really have no intention of running for mayor, thank you. Audience member 2: But you definitely are a political person whether you run for office — everything you say and do points in that direction. Trump: You know what it is? I don't like being taken advantage of. When I see a Japan ripping off this country — and I'm not saying that negative to Japan, I'm saying it from my standpoint. I'm a businessman, I know how to deal, and some of you folks do too. When I see a total rip-off of this country by Japan, where they literally have no defense budget, where we have to borrow money from them in order to get them oil and defend the Persian Gulf where most of the oil goes to Japan, not us … Bottom line, Phil, I don't like being ripped off, and when I see something, I let people know.
So Pat and Richard Nixon weren't just praising 1987-vintage Trump. They were praising Trump engaging in exactly the same kind of rhetoric and politicking that has made him the GOP frontrunner in 2016.
What Nixon and Trump have in common
Richard Nixon didn't live to see Trump the politician, as much as he wanted to, but he likely would've been pleased with what he found. Referring to Trump's recent encouragement of and tolerance for violence against demonstrators, Elizabeth Drew, a veteran journalist and author of Washington Journal: Reporting Watergate and Richard Nixon's Downfall, told me, "There's an absolute parallel, an eerie parallel, between what Trump is doing and what Nixon did."
"The similarity is that they seem to not have any qualms, any sense of shame at using power to get back at people that they feel were unkind or unfair to them," NYU professor and former Nixon Library director Tim Naftali added.
Nixon rabble-roused against demonstrators, like Trump. After New York construction worker union members violently attacked Vietnam protesters, Nixon supported them, even accepting a symbolic hard hat from their leader. In 1969, then-Deputy Attorney General Richard Kleindienst mused to Drew, on the record, about opening "detention camps" for antiwar protesters. In 1970 Nixon personally approved a plan for burglary and illegal surveillance targeting protesters.
All these things seem of a piece with the kind of vengeful targeting of protesters that Trump seems to relish.
Nixon might have loved Trump but conservatives hate him
Now Is The Time To Tell Your Senator That Privacy Is Awesome And CISPA Is Not
from the speak-up dept
While we know that at least Senator Ron Wyden understands why CISPA (and related cybersecurity bills) are bad, there are still 99 other Senators who don't seem quite so clear on the matter. And they're about to vote on such bills very, very soon. A bunch of groups has set up a site called Privacy is Awesome to help you contact your Senatorto let them know that you do think that privacy is awesome, and you won't accept them voting to take away your privacy via overly expansive cybersecurity bills like CISPA or the other bills the Senate is considering.
Filed Under: cispa, cybersecurity, privacy is awesome, ron wyden
Lightwood Games is continuing its work on the eShop with a new title. Later this year, “Word Logic by POWGI” will be released on both Wii U and 3DS.
Word Logic by POWGI features six pen-and-paper style word puzzles which require some degree of logic or deduction to solve. Both versions will support touchscreen controls while the 3DS edition will specifically offer handwriting recognition. A “left mode” is also included to avoid players blocking the screen with their stylus hand.
Here's a rundown of the different puzzles:
• Kriss Kross – The classic word-fit puzzle. Place words into the grid using their length as a guide, and using logic to make sure everything overlaps correctly!
• Word Ladder – Make new words by changing one letter at a time. Can you turn one word into another in a limited number of steps?
• Crypto – A cipher puzzle (also known as a cryptogram) which reveals a quote when you crack the code!
• Word Sudoku – Place nine letters according to usual sudoku rules. As an extra clue, one row or column will spell a word.
• Gaps – Several words have one letter missing. Deduce the correct letter to fill in the gaps and spell a new word!
• Wordsweeper – Drawing inspiration from Minesweeper, the clues tell you which letters can be placed in an adjacent square. It's a crossword-style puzzle solved using logic!
Word Logic by POWGI is tentatively targeted for August.
Source: Lightwood Games PR
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Print Article
The Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes announced Tuesday evening they have declared an invasive species emergency on the Flathead Indian Reservation in response to invasive mussels detected in Central Montana last month.
Head of Tribal Natural Resources Rich Janssen said no new restrictions will go into effect as a result of the declaration, but said the tribes are in the process of forming an incident-management team comprising of officials from several departments.
We just want to make sure were on the same page with other agencies and other entities that we can prevent these mussel larvae from even getting here, Janssen said.
Situated on more than 1.2 million acres including lands around the southern half of Flathead Lake, the reservation includes popular boating and fishing access points on the lake and southern Flathead River. So far, Montanas mussel detections have been restricted to east of the Continental Divide.
The tribes operate an invasive species boat-check station in Pablo during the boating season, in partnership with the Flathead Basin Commission. Montanas Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks also operates a check station in Ravalli.
Last year, the Pablo boat-check began operations ahead of its typical Memorial Day opening, and Janssen said he hopes to continue the expanded schedule by March 2017, in anticipation of the tribes popular biannual Mack Days fishing tournament.
He added that the tribes have also been working with researchers from the University of Montana Flathead Lake Biological Station to conduct additional water sampling on the lake, and are also working with the university facility to obtain grant funding for aquatic invasive species research and funding.
Our goal is to protect the lake, and we believe we need the entire community to keep the mussels away from Flathead Lake and other water bodies on the reservation, Janssen said.
Reporter Sam Wilson can be reached at 758-4407 or by email at swilson@dailyinterlake.com.
For the past seven days, spurred by Women Action and the Media and the Everyday Sexism Project, everyone on your Twitter feed has been asking Facebook to remove content that condones and encourages violence and hate speech against women. Today, the social media behemoth finally responded.
After pressure from many major social justice groups and countless of its users — and, perhaps more importantly, 15 major companies dropping their advertising — Facebook finally issued a statement that they will be reviewing their community standards and employee training as concerned with hate speech, and more actively and specifically including women's groups in the ongoing conversation.
Part of their commitment:
In recent days, it has become clear that our systems to identify and remove hate speech have failed to work as effectively as we would like, particularly around issues of gender-based hate. In some cases, content is not being removed as quickly as we want. In other cases, content that should be removed has not been or has been evaluated using outdated criteria. We have been working over the past several months to improve our systems to respond to reports of violations, but the guidelines used by these systems have failed to capture all the content that violates our standards. We need to do better – and we will.
It's good they finally responded — and that they responded thoughtfully and with promised action — but it's hard to throw a parade for them because they did something that's so blatantly obvious. They allowed images like these to stay on the site for days and days, and that's not only bureaucratic bullshit, it's also heartbreakingly misguided. This should've been a day-of executive decision. This is not a question of free speech — Facebook isn't a megaphone on the corner that anyone can grab and rant about how god hates gay people. No. The removal of photos that gratuitously encourage violence against women isn't a First Amendment issue, and neither is it a slippery slope. It should not be this hard or take this long to do the right thing.
Advertisement
Don't get me wrong, I'm happy Facebook is taking action, but the whole situation still makes me want to barf all over the like button.
[Facebook via Think Progress]
A metal gate can be used to program a qubit made from a phosphorus atom embedded in silicon. Such structures could help researchers scale up from single qubits to full quantum computers.
Advertisement
Borrowing a page from transistor design, a team led by Andrea Morello at the University of New South Wales in Australia has created an electronic gate that can be used to control especially long-lived quantum bits in silicon. This could help pave the way for full-scale, silicon-based quantum computers.
Quantum computing using superconducting circuits has garnered a lot of press over the years thanks to exciting results, Google's deep pockets and the controversy over D-Wave's computing systems. But a number of researchers are eying silicon instead, in part because the material could potentially be used to build computers with especially compact and stable quantum bits, or qubits.
One way to build silicon qubits is to add impurities, or “donors”, such as phosphorus atoms to silicon. Embedded in relative isolation, such qubits have been breaking longevity records; in some incarnations, they can store information for minutes or even hours before losing their delicate quantum state.
But until now, says team member Arne Laucht, researchers could only control—and thus set the state of and perform logic operations on—donor qubits by hitting them with short pulses of a magnetic field that happens to be oscillating at the right frequency.
“This scheme works very well for a single qubit, where one qubit is located next to an on-chip microwave antenna, and one microwave source is used to generate the high frequency pulses,” Laucht told IEEE Spectrum in an e-mail. “But imagine scaling up to 100 or more qubits.” Magnetic fields, he says, are difficult to keep confined to a small space, so they're liable to affect other qubits in the vicinity. What's more, Laucht says, each qubit would need its own microwave source, and “each of these sources costs more than $100,000 apiece.”
Fortunately there is another way. In 1998, physicist Bruce Kane laid out a recipe for a silicon-based quantum computer in which each donor gets its own gate. In Kane's scheme, a single source would wash an oscillating magnetic field over all the qubits in the computer. This field would ordinarily leave the qubits unaffected. But by applying a voltage, one of the donor atom's electrons could be drawn slightly toward the gate. This would shift the frequencies of oscillating magnetic field to which both the atom's electron and the atom's nucleus would respond.
Designed correctly, this arrangement could push an atom's nucleus into resonance so that its state could be changed. (I say state, but I mean more specifically spin, a property of fundamental particles that can be made to point in either one of two directions, or, like Schrodinger's cat, a superposition of both).
In this new work, Laucht and colleagues show it's possible to use this basic approach to control the spins of both an electron and the nucleus of a donor phosphorus atom. The results appeared on Friday in the open-access journal Science Advances.
Laucht says the key to implementing Kane's gate idea was having silicon that had been isotopically purified to further isolate the donor atoms from magnetic interference from stray spins. This narrowed the linewidth of resonance of the electron, allowing the researchers to move the qubit in and out of resonance with a voltage small enough to avoid disturbing the environment around the qubit.
“There's no other technique we know of to control individual [qubits] that are very close together,” says John Morton of the University College London. (Morton has worked with the University of New South Wales researchers on previous demonstrations, and he co-authored a survey of silicon quantum computing for IEEE Spectrum last year).
But Morton adds there are a lot of open questions left to be sorted out as researchers contemplate making systems with many such qubits. “What we really need to do is figure out how we're going to make arrays of dopants in silicon that are able to communicate,” Morton says. “No one has a perfect blueprint yet.”
Kane's proposal also included gates that would be able to control interactions between qubits. But such gates would be difficult to make since they would have to be made “very, very narrow and positioned exactly between the two atoms”, Laucht says. Fortunately, he says, there are other promising ways to get qubits to interact, and he and his colleagues are on the case.
A York University student has filed a complaint with the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario, alleging the school's policy on sexual assault discriminates against victims, most of whom are women.
Mandi Gray, 26, filed the complaint on Monday, five months after she alleges she was sexually assaulted by another PhD student after an informal, campus-related gathering.
In her complaint, Ms. Gray says she had to disclose details of the alleged assault to more than 15 York University employees in an effort to get information about how the school responds to incidents of sexual violence. She also claims she made multiple calls to the York University Sexual Assault Survivor's Support Line, most of which went unanswered, and fought for months to receive counselling through the school, which she did not receive.
Story continues below advertisement
Her alleged attacker was arrested and charged in February with one count of sexual assault by the Toronto Police Service. He was released on bail and after a 10-day suspension returned to campus.
Fearing she would run into the man at school, Ms. Gray resigned from her position as a teaching assistant and dropped one of her courses.
Ms. Gray's complaint alleges the university discriminates against women on more than a dozen counts, including by equating sexual violence with other violations outlined in York University's Code of Student Rights and Responsibilities such as plagiarism, and failing to provide victims with clear, consistent and complete information.
Ms. Gray chose to file through the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario, rather than civil court, because it is within the tribunal's jurisdiction to enforce policy change upon York. She opted to waive a publication ban on her name when she pressed charges, to push the issue forward with a real person's story.
"We know what we want," Ms. Gray said. "We don't necessarily have the solution, but we have an idea of how we could make it better."
The complaint also seeks damages for breach of her human rights, emotional and psychological pain and suffering, losses associated with her withdrawing from a teaching position and out-of-pocket expenses for counselling services.
York University, which put a sexual assault policy into effect in February, confirmed it received a copy of Ms. Gray's complaint Monday afternoon.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Janice Walls of media relations for the school told The Globe and Mail that services are available to victims, and include crisis intervention support, emergency financial support, emergency housing, counselling, safety planning and academic accommodations.
York is working on additional procedures, Ms. Walls says.
Ms. Gray's complaint comes at a time when universities' responses to sexual assault and harassment on campus are under fire, and it could force changes all over Canada.
"Certainly for Ontario it would serve as a precedent," said University of Ottawa professor Elizabeth Sheehy, an expert on sexual assault law.
"[It] would be a strong indication for universities across the country that their respective provincial human rights codes will also likely be interpreted so as to call such policy failures prohibited sex discrimination," she said.
"I think … counsel for universities across the country will be telling their clients that."
Kailyn Lowry has blamed Briana DeJesus for plunging Teen Mom 2 ratings. After DeJesus insisted ratings are “very good” since she joined the MTV series for Season 8, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal if ratings have actually plummeted!
The drama kicked off when a fan tweeted, “They should be thanking Briana because if they had to get a 5th mom for the show ratings must have been down!”
Lowry responded to the fan, “Actually now that she's on they went down lol. If it isn't broken, don't fix it.”
DeJesus fired back with a screen shot of a text message conversation between her and a producer. When she asked about ratings, the producer said they are “very good!”
PHOTOS: Bikini Babes! Hottest ‘Teen Mom' Stars Stripped Down In 8 Clicks!
So is Lowry telling the truth?
Ratings By the Numbers reported 1,746,000 viewers tuned in for the Season 7A premiere. For the season 7B premiere, 1,607,000 watched. For the season 78 finale, 1,431,000 viewers checked out the series.
When DeJesus joined the series for Season 8, ratings hit 1,487,000 viewers, a decrease from the Season 7A and Season 7B premieres.
For the most recent episode, which aired on October 17, 1,081,000 tuned in.
The co-stars began feuding when DeJesus came under fire for dating Lowry's ex-husband Javi Marroquin.
PHOTOS: Back On? Kailyn Lowry Heads Home From Hospital With Baby Daddy Chris!
“One woman's trash is another woman's treasure,” she tweeted. She added that her and Lowry, “Aren't friends.”
Lowry responded, “Lmao don't s**t where you eat.”
Do you think DeJesus is the reason ratings plummeted? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
The Trump administration intends to submit scientific research conducted by the Environmental Protection Agency to political review, NPR reports. It's a move that could pollute the EPA's scientific integrity, and suppress science that doesn't align with the reigning political ideology.
This new vetting process is still nebulous, Doug Ericksen, a state senator from Washington who is heading up EPA communications during the transition, told NPR in an interview. Ericksen only said that publications and presentations might be internally reviewed before they're released.
He later added that the review would also include the webpage, telling the Associated Press that the Trump administration will evaluate “whether climate stuff will be taken down.” Even raw data about air and water pollution would be “subject to review.”
"We'll take a look at what's happening so that the voice coming from the EPA is one that's going to reflect the new administration," Ericksen told NPR. Calling scientific results a “voice,” and requiring them to “reflect the new administration” is a chilling perversion of the scientific process.
It's still not clear if this is a permanent policy, or how it would work. Until it's clarified, Ericksen's words are just causing chaos, and that could be the point. After all, today's salvo is just the latest attack by the Trump administration in its ongoing battle against the EPA.
First, Trump appointed Scott Pruitt, who has close ties with the energy industry and a history of trying to erode EPA regulations. Earlier this week, the Trump administration froze EPA's grants and budget contracts, and gagged its employees — blocking them from speaking to the press or posting on social media. Now, EPA scientists might not be able to communicate with their colleagues outside of the EPA, either.
Sean Spicer disavowed the White House's involvement in gagging the EPA, the AP reports. It's not clear where the order would then be coming from.
This direct political interference with scientific results violates EPA's integrity policy, which bans interference with the “timely release of scientific findings or conclusions,” NPR reports. What's more, much of this research is taxpayer funded; preventing results from reaching the rest of the scientific community is a waste of taxpayer money.
Update 5:23PM EST, 1/25: Updated to include new information published by the Associated Press.
We describe ourselves depending on the things that we love. If you have a family member or a friend who describes themselves as an art lover and if you want a gift for them, what you need to get to them is pretty straightforward. An art for a person who claims to be an art lover is ideal.Art comes in different forms. How you can you be sure that you are getting the best art work four loved one as a gift? Here are the top things that you can get as a gift for an art lover:
For a Lover of Art with Colour
What mesmerizes us the most is the colors that are used in the paints. Oil colour paintings have been appreciated for centuries. If the person that you are buying a gift for appreciates colour and how mesmerizing it can be, then, you should certainly look into buying an oil colour painting. Make sure that the painting is an original piece of painting done by an experienced artist so that the value of the gift is so much more to the person who receives it. If you want the best from the gift that you get to your loved one and want to choose from a range of well done art work, simply look into oil paintings for sale Australia.
For Lovers of Action Figures
If this person loves to play with action figures, love to read comic books and watch movies, if you get to know what their favorite character is, this is a pretty easy gift to choose. If you have a character in mind, you can get your loved one a funko pop. Funko pops are long lasting and would certainly give an idea to the receiver that you are aware of what their interests are. If you want to get this amazing gift for your loved one, be ready to get the best gift for them from a funko pop sale.
Common Factors to Look into
There are also a number of common factors that you should look into when you are getting a gift for an art lover. Try to find out if this person loves modern or traditional art. If this person has an art collection, always take your time to observe what their taste in art is so that it makes the choice that you have to make so much easier. Moreover, try to stick to a budget because there are some art work that can be expensive and having a spending plan would be helpful.
The owner of the world's first commercially cloned dogs is a former cheerleader and beauty queen who scandalised Britain 30 years ago
It reads like the plot of a Russ Meyer sexploitation film, with a plot twist so barking that even the makers of Footballers' Wives would probably have rejected it.
But it turns out that the owner of the world's first commercially cloned dogs is a former cheerleader and beauty queen who scandalised Britain 30 years ago after kidnapping a Mormon missionary at gunpoint and manacling him to a bed for sex.
When Bernann McKinney hit the headlines earlier this week upon receiving five pitbull puppies from the South Korean laboratory that cloned her beloved dead pet, Booger, some cruelly noted that the dogs bore more than a passing resemblance to their owner.
The Seoul-based laboratory, RNL Bio, charged her $50,000 (£25,000) for the clones - one-third of its standard rate - because she helped them with publicity. But I doubt it could have anticipated the media frenzy that ensued.
The Mail was the first to connect McKinney to the infamous kidnapping of Kirk Anderson, a Utah missionary, by a Joyce McKinney back in 1977.
The paper noted "the face was familiar, albeit older and heavier. The surname was the same. So was the alleged American, ex-beauty queen background." Asked by the paper: "Are you really Joyce McKinney?", she snapped: "Are you going to ask me about my dogs or not? Because that's all I'm prepared to talk to you about."
However, the Guardian noted today that a check of public records in North Carolina confirmed that 'Bernann' is indeed the same woman who infamously said of her captive missonary: "I loved him so much that I would have skied down Mount Everest in the nude with a carnation up my nose if he asked me to."
No salacious detail has been spared in the retelling of the case. From the mink-lined handcuffs used to restrain Anderson, to his silky pajamas and the comment of McKinney's counsel, in rejecting his rape allegation, that "methinks the Mormon doth protest too much".
The Times website even pulls up an archive clipping of the paper's coverage of the court case today.
It's left to a pulp fiction blog to remind us of the seriousness of the charges McKinney faced before she jumped bail and fled the country with co-accused Keith May, with the pair disguised as mime artists.
The Trash Fiction blog notes: "The charge of rape could not then bring when the victim was a man, and anyway there wasn't anyone in the country who gave a toss about the alleged victim of the alleged crime: the prevailing opinion then - as it would probably be now - was that he must have enjoyed it.
"Curious double-standards we sometimes display, no?"
Share
Market research firm Quantcast has published its figures for OS shares of mobile Internet traffic in North America, and the news is good for Google's Android ecosystem: according to Quantcast, Android devices accounted for 25 percent of North American mobile Internet traffic during the month, which represents a 2 percent gain for the month and an 18.6 percent increase overall so far in 2010. And, perhaps most significantly, Android is taking share from every other mobile operating system studied, including RIM, Windows Mobile 6.5, Symbian, and Apple's iOS.
Currently, Apple's iOS commands the dominant share of North American mobile Internet traffic, accounting for 56 percent of all data sent to mobile devices. That includes not just the iPhone, but also iPads and iPod touch devices. The 56 percent share represents a decline of 0.3 percent for the month of August, but overall iOS's share of the mobile Internet market has fallen 11.4 percent during 2010.
RIM's BlackBerry OS accounted for 9 percent of the North American mobile Internet market during August; all over mobile OS's combined accounted for 10 percent of mobile traffic.
If current trends hold—which, of course, is unlikely, given the tumultuous nature of the mobile Internet market—Google could expect to see Android's share of traffic exceed that of iOS devices around mid-2011.
Cause For Concern: 'Experimental' Patches Applied To Ohio Voting Machines Without Certification
from the seriously? dept
The Secretary of State's office has been evasive and contradictory in response to questions about the minor seeming change that involved converting results from xml to csv format. Apparently, by calling the software “experimental,” Husted was attempting to avoid any approval, review or testing of the new software. But as the federal Elections Assistance Commission titled a memo back in February , “Software and Firmware modifications are not de minimis changes.”
In the meantime, a court is set to rule on the challenge to the software any time now, and a ruling against the software patches could make counting the votes tonight a more complicated process -- but considering the concerns, a reasonable solution.
Just as this post went out, the ruling was released—the judge has rejected the claims While we've covered e-voting issues for years, it really did seem like the issues with e-voting machines were less this year than in the past. Except... maybe not. ES&S, the largest vendor of e-voting machines, who has a long and scary history of problems with their machines, is embroiled in yet another controversy, in which Ohio's Secretary of State, Jon Husted, had the company install "experimental" software patches on ES&S vote counting machines (not the voting machines themselves, but the tabulators). The software is uncertified and likely violates the law.Husted's office has not inspired confidence with its responses to these charges:Oh, and while this story is making the rounds, we have no idea what to make of the video of an e-voting machine that votes for Romney if you click on Romney or Obama . There have been some questions as to whether the video was real, but reporters have confirmed that the machine (in Pennsylvania) has been "taken off line." The writeup on that one suggests it's not just a touch screen calibration issue, because the guy who filmed it said that if you touch other candidates, the same offset doesn't happen.
Filed Under: e-voting, ohio
Companies: es&s
The North East of England is perceived as a cold, dark and fickle land, however, on its day, it plays host to some of the best waves in Europe.
Blessed with flat rock and littered with epic set ups, surfing's popularity in the region has been steadily increasing over the years however the crowds are still generally fairly sparse, certainly by Cornish standards. There is some serious talent amongst the strong local crew, spearheaded by the likes of Sandy Kerr, Ross Hagreaves, Kris Fairst and of course Gabe & Jesse Davies.
We recently caught up with one of the regions few dedicated surf photographers, Lewis Arnold, to show us some of his excellent work and tell us what it's like shooting in the region. Here's what he had to say:
“Although I can appreciate the constant perfection and amazing light of an Indo boat trip, my photography is motivated by the darker, colder north sea and its muted colours and changing light. I try to come up with something different and I find inspiration in the diverse coastline of the north east.
At the moment I'm working on wavewall, a large scale public visual artwork that reflects the imagery, culture and life of surfing in Tynemouth. The work uses hundreds of phototgraphs of surfing in Tynemouth going way back in photomontage and with help from North Tyneside Council and the Arts Council will be installed on the ramp at Tynemouth Longsands this February.
Like most surf towns, Tynemouth has changed a lot over the years with surf shops, schools, web forecasts, better equipment, photographers and crowds etc, there's been some problems but overall, the surfing ecosystem up here is functioning pretty good.
I learned to surf at Tynemouth in the eighties so I guess I'm an old timer by todays standards. My old crew from back then have long since quit and I started surfing with and photographing the Davies' brothers, among others. These days I shoot a lot with Sandy Kerr and its' local surfers who feature in this winter gallery.”
See more of Lewis work on his Instagram here.
Looking for Wavelength in the North East? Grab your copy from Secret Spot Surf Shop in Scarborough or Tynemouth Surf Co.
Out-of-Stock Limited Editions cannot be reproduced.
Print (ONLY)
Limited Edition(80) Signed & Numbered on Piece
Features: Limited Edition(80) Signed & Numbered on Piece
You may also consider...
Found A Friend
$30.00
Sparky (Cookie)
$25.00
Sparky (Sign)
$25.00
Sparky (Reading)
$20.00
Greyhound Page 18B
$35.00
Greyhound Page 28B
$35.00
Greyhound Page 26 (Large)
$50.00
Flower Friends
$30.00
Sunset Park
$30.00
Dance Bot Fields
$25.00
Greetings Comrade (set)
$30.00
Rainbow Monstr
$30.00
Farewell Friend
$30.00
Mr. Fox Sunset
$35.00
Mr. Fox Motorcycle
$35.00
Mr. Fox Tree
$25.00
Tea for Three
$25.00
Hide and Seek
$30.00
Rocketship
$30.00
Cloud Catching
$30.00
Bad Unicorn
$30.00
We spent it well
$30.00
Best Chair
$20.00
Flower Girl
$30.00
Kite Operations 1 (Small)
$20.00
Idaho Sky
$30.00
X-Marks the Spot
$30.00
Dance Bot
$20.00
Fall
$30.00
Hucubus Park
$20.00
Kite Operations 2 (Small)
$20.00
Kite Operations 1 (large)
$30.00
Fence
$70.00
Christmas Tree Hunting print
$20.00
In the Forest
$30.00
Kite Operations 2 (large)
$30.00
Boston Common
$30.00
Frank and Frank (Ninja)
$30.00
Bunny Blossom
Signed / Limited
$30.00
Yuki and the Secret Cliff Cave
$30.00
Symbiosis 7 (Cat)
Signed / Limited
$150.00
Symbiosis 1 (toadstool)
Signed / Limited
$80.00
Street
Signed / Limited
$60.00
Valentine 3
Signed / Limited
$30.00
Three Trees Poster
Limited
$5.00
Circuit
Signed / Limited
$60.00
Flight of Azymondias (print)
Signed / Limited
$65.00
Family Portrait (print)
Signed / Limited
$45.00
Eden Silkscreen Poster
Limited
$50.00
Eden and the Army of Paradise - Maliboo (print)
$35.00
Eden and the Army of Paradise - Sunset (print)
$35.00
Eden Movie Poster
Limited
$10.00
To Become Your Weapon (print)
$45.00
Nasturtium (print)
$30.00
Queen Anne's Lace (print)
$30.00
Water Lily (print)
$30.00
Another Pre-order
$22.95
Circle Pre-order
Signed / Limited
$20.95
The Art of Heikala: Works & Thoughts Pre-order
$39.95
123: A Guide to Exploring Your Identity
Signed / Limited
$30.00
UFC behind the scenes: Strange tales from the SEG and ZUFFA eras of MMA A collection of stories that go beyond the cage and highlight the bizarre world of cage-fighting from the 1990s and early 2000s.
Even today, MMA is weird. But it's nothing compared to the 90s and early 2000s. That's when the sport struggled to survive before marching towards what would be its zenith.
This story stream includes some unusual stories from the dark ages of UFC and the early/middle reign of the Fertitta Brothers, who took the helm of the UFC in 2001. The 2000s were when they and Dana White took a bizarre concept and, after some trials and tribulations, molded it into a sport/product that would eventually fetch a $4billion price tag.
Nowadays the UFC does its best to appear like a regular stick-and-ball sport, but no matter how shiny the uniforms are or how sharp the graphic packages become, the promotion will always have its past. And that past was bloody, scruffy, and at times, really really weird.
So if you have an unyielding desire to face the pain or watch other people just bleed, you might enjoy the stories below.
The Korean amateur scene is downright abysmal, regularly failing to produce notable teams from the secondary leagues into the Champions professional league. These failings to produce potent professional teams out of amateur teams extends as far back to when NLB was created in 2012. Lack of endemic sponsors and the stranglehold Champions organizations – and now foreign organizations – have on obtaining rising talent stifle the amateur scene that many people believe to be a gold mine of future stars. Korean Challenger this year has been the punchline to many jokes due to the lack of organizational success rising from it.
The number one team in the Korean Challenger league this past split, Dark Wolves, was thoroughly abused by a Najin e-mFire B squad that fielded third string marksman Seo “Sol” Jin-sol in the top lane and the 100 year-old bot lane of Lee “Zefa” Jae-min and Jang “Cain” Nu-ri. Korean Challenger was – for lack of a better term – a complete joke.
ESC Ever recently bucked the trend of failure that teams such as the aforementioned Dark Wolves, along with other staples like MKZ, Prime Clan, and Xenics helped create by winning the 2015 LoL KeSPA Cup, an offseason offline tournament that was attended by every Champions roster. This ESC Ever roster came out of nowhere due to the lack of attention zoned in on the Korean Challenger scene and they ran through Samsung Galaxy, Rebels Anarchy, SK Telecom T1, and CJ Entus – only dropping a single match to Rebels Anarchy – en route to a first place finish.
Now, ESC Ever – via the KeSPA Cup victory – reserved their spot at an international event for the first time in their very short history. Attending IEM Cologne alongside European powerhouses Fnatic and H2K Gaming, Chinese team fighting gods Qiao Gu, and North American sides Team Dignitas and Cloud 9, most fans have one large question coming into this event.
Who the hell is ESC Ever?
Ever started as little more than a pickup challenger team with zero success and a large rotation of players through the year. Finishing in fifth-eighth place in the first Spring series of Korean Challenger and placing ninth-16th in the second Spring series, Ever wasn't even on the radar entering the Summer season of Korean Challenger. Taking home second place in Summer, they obtained the chance to promote into Champions. Initially having some hopes due to drawing SBENU Sonicboom – Champions Summer basement-dweller – for that chance, their hopes would be dashed by the revealing of up and coming star jungler Sung “Flawless” Yeon-jun.
Due to that 3-1 result to SBENU, this team will not be competing in Champions Spring 2016. Just prior to the 2015 LoL KeSPA Cup they found a title sponsor in ESC, otherwise known as esportsconnected. Through ESC the middling challenger side gained a source of money, a gaming house, and a live-in coach. They bootcamped for the event and committed to a starting five that they felt would bring them success.
The team's first opponent at the tournament, Samsung Galaxy, had struggled to find its place in Champions. In this first set, ESC Ever displayed multiple attributes rarely seen from challenger league teams. Swift, but patient, team-wide decision making, coordinated dives, and smart side lane manipulation were all present in the first two matches against Samsung. Typically on the challenger level you see impatience and muddied decision making born from inexperience, but that was not the case here. This was an obviously practiced team.
Samsung Galaxy was made to look like a pickup challenger lineup rather than the Champions league veteran they were. ESC Ever forced disorganization out of Samsung and then unmercifully punished it. Off the back of phenomenal Bard play from support Kim “Key” Han-gi – of which he has become known for – ESC Ever rolled through to the next round with relative ease.
While Rebels Anarchy posed much stronger resistance in the second round – even taking the first match of the set in a close contest – the same attributes ESC Ever displayed in the first round rang true. Organized play on their end with exceptional engages from Key forced Anarchy, a squad that routinely struggled through the season in team wide aspects, to make mistakes.
Against SK Telecom T1, ESC Ever was fortunate enough to play against rookie mid laner Lee “Scout” Ye-chan in the first game rather than usual starter Lee “Faker” Sang-hyeok. Faker entered into the second match and SK Telecom T1 did something they rarely ever do: fail to close out a lead. The composition from the world champs crumbled late due to an oversight where they lacked tower pushing potential and subsequently gave away the second, and final, match of the set. ESC Ever committed one of the strangest upsets in the history of the game by taking down the recent world champions 2-0 and moving into the finals.
In the finals, ESC Ever would be matched up against a roster riding their own miracle juice – CJ Entus. Here top laner Kim “Crazy” Jae-hee put on a clinic, outclassing the once unmatched CJ Entus top laner Park “Shy” Sang-myeon. While each individual game was fairly competitive, the difference in each win for ESC Ever stemmed from the match up in the top lane.
Where Crazy handily won lane in both favorable and losing match ups – and individually created plays across the map via Teleport – Shy recorded an abysmal 3-17-5 KDA and was murdered in lane against the hyper aggressive up and comer across three matches. We very well may have seen the birth of the next great top laner to come out of Korea in Crazy. He performed phenomenally on tanks, traditional carries, and mages all throughout the tournament. While he has lapses in judgment similar to what former SK Telecom T1 top laner Jang “Marin” Gyeong-Hwan displayed early on in his career, his individual talent is undeniable.
The team dynamic on ESC Ever is reminiscent of Worlds finalist Tigers. Mid laner Kang “Athena” Ha-woon garners little pressure in lane, preferring to scale, making plays around the map and in team fights rather than focus the lane. Top laner Crazy shows overzealousness which at times hindered ESC Ever's performance during the tournament, but his distinct style draws an immense amount of pressure to wherever he's at on the map and he brings a hard carry aspect a la Tigers top laner Smeb. The bottom lane of Lee “Loken” Dong-wook and Key contributes strong laning and brings an engaga element to their champ picks that is somewhat ignored elsewhere on the team – Bard, Alistar, and Kalista being notable consistent picks for the duo.
ESC Ever may not be the next great Korean roster – more likely to be just a flash in the pan – however they bucked the trend set by past amateur Korean participants and shocked the world with the KeSPA Cup win. The amateur Korean team displayed organization foreign to most amateur teams while still retaining special individual talents. They defeated some of the best that Korea had to offer and rightfully earned their place at IEM Cologne. How ESC Ever performs at IEM Cologne is anyone's guess, but at the very least, this team is one of the best stories of the year and are extremely exciting to watch.
The official website for the television anime adaptation of Gamon Sakurai's Ajin - Demi-Human manga revealed on Thursday that voice actor Mamoru Miyano will perform the ending theme song for the series. Miyano is also starring in the series as Kei Nagai.
The site also revealed that the series will premiere on TBS on January 15 at 25:55 (effectively January 16 at 1:55 a.m.) before airing 15 minutes later on MBS. The show will also air on BS-TBS and CBC. The anime will have 13 episodes.
The Ajin television anime shares the same staff and cast with the upcoming anime film trilogy. The first film, subtitled "Shōdō" (Impulse), will open in Japan on November 27 in 30 theaters in Japan for a two-week limited screening.
The TV anime series will go deeper into the story and provide more details on the story's world.
In the manga's story, an immortal first appeared on an African battlefield 17 years ago. Later, rare, unknown new immortal lifeforms began appearing among humans, and they became known as "Ajin" (demi-humans). Just before summer vacation, a Japanese high school student named Kei Nagai is instantly killed in a traffic accident on his way home from school. However, he is revived, and a price is placed on his head. Thus begins a boy's life on the run from all humankind.
Netflix will stream the new episodes in Japan three days after they air on Japanese television. Netflix will then premiere all the episodes at once in "regions Netflix currently operates outside of Japan" in mid-2016.
Source: Comic Natalie
Dan Spivey may also refer to the founder of Spread Networks
Daniel Eugene Spivey (born October 14, 1952) is an American retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling, the World Wrestling Federation, and All Japan Pro Wrestling in the 1980s and 1990s.[1][3]
Early life [ edit ]
Spivey was born in Tampa, Florida.[2] He attended the University of Georgia, where he played football for the Georgia Bulldogs for three seasons as a defensive end and was named an All-American football player in his sophomore year.[5][6][3] Spivey aimed to play football professionally and was drafted by the New York Jets, but was forced to change his plans after suffering a severe knee injury in his junior year.[3] Spivey spent several years working in a number of jobs in Tampa before meeting professional wrestler Dusty Rhodes, who offered to train him to wrestle.[3]
Professional wrestling career [ edit ]
Championship Wrestling from Florida (1983–1984) [ edit ]
Spivey was trained as a wrestler by Dusty Rhodes, the then-booker for Championship Wrestling from Florida (CWF), and made his debut in 1983. Spivey and Scott Hall formed a tag team in CWF called "American Starship". Spivey adopted the ring name "Eagle" and Hall the ring name "Coyote". The men wore furry boots, bright masks and silver pants.[1][3]
Jim Crockett Promotions (1984–1985) [ edit ]
In 1984, Rhodes moved from Championship Wrestling from Florida to the Charlotte, North Carolina-based Jim Crockett Promotions, bringing Spivey and Hall with him.[3] Initially, American Starship worked only sporadically. At first they were booked so sparingly that the two were given a job for the Charlotte Orioles (which Jim Crockett owned at the time) as part of the ground crew. When the two men did get into the ring it was with little success. The highlight of their stay in Jim Crockett Promotions was being defeated by Arn and Ole Anderson when the rookies challenged for the NWA National Tag Team Championship.
After working in MACW the duo joined Bob Geigel's NWA Central States territory based in Kansas City in 1985. The duo had a shot at the NWA Central States Tag Team Champions Marty Jannetty and "Bulldog" Bob Brown but did not manage to win the titles. Spivey's stay in the Central States territory was short-lived, according to Scott Hall Spivey did not like Kansas City. Spivey returned to the Carolinas where he worked as "American Starship" Eagle.
World Wrestling Federation (1985–1988) [ edit ]
In the fall of 1985, Spivey signed with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and started wrestling without a mask and under his real name. Spivey was brought in to team with Mike Rotunda as The U.S. Express after Barry Windham left the federation.[9]
The team had their first match together on November 1, 1985[10] less than a month after Spivey joined the WWF. The team was sometimes billed as "The American Express", but most people referred to them as the U.S. Express II since the patriotic gimmick of the original U.S. Express was recycled with Spivey taking Barry Windham's place.[9] The team continued the U.S. Express' feud with the Dream Team, but once they were proven unsuccessful, the two did not team from January to May as Rotundo briefly left the WWF. During this time Spivey took part in the WrestleMania 2 "Wrestlers and Football players" Battle Royal. Spivey was eliminated by The Iron Sheik without much fanfare.[11] Once the American Express reunited, they feuded with The Moondogs,[12] The Hart Foundation,[13] and The Islanders, whom the team faced in their last match together on February 9, 1987.[14]
Not long before Rotundo left the WWF, Spivey began to be billed as "Golden Boy" Danny Spivey which continued for his singles run after Rotundo left. His in-ring appearance at the time led to many fans labelling him a Hulk Hogan clone. As the "Golden Boy", Spivey wrestled in yellow trunks and boots which added to his height, build and blonde hair saw him heavily resemble the then WWF Champion. Spivey took part in the 1986 King of the Ring tournament, losing to Nikolai Volkoff in the first round.[15] He also tried a new tag team partner. In March 1987 Spivey teamed with Tito Santana to unsuccessfully challenge the Hart Foundation for the tag team titles. Spivey was also part of the 1987 King of the Ring. This time he lost to Rick Martel in the first round.[16] Spivey stayed with the WWF until the spring of 1988, becoming a heel and competing mainly against such low carders as Lanny Poffo[17] and Outback Jack.[18]
In 1991, Spivey testified that Dr George Zaharian had illegally supplied him with anabolic steroids in the late 1980s. Zaharian was ultimately found guilty.[19][20][self-published source]
All Japan Pro Wrestling (1988–1995) [ edit ]
After working exclusively in the U.S. since his debut, Spivey started to tour with All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) in the summer of 1988 and kept touring with the company every year until 1995, when he signed with the WWF. In his first tour, Spivey gained ring experience by competing with Japanese wrestling legend Genichiro Tenryu.[21] Spivey also teamed with Johnny Ace,[22] a man he would team with many times during his Japanese tours.
Jim Crockett Promotions/World Championship Wrestling (1989–1992) [ edit ]
In early 1989, Spivey returned to the NWA and Jim Crockett. Spivey was made a member of The Varsity Club as a replacement for Rick Steiner, who left the group. Spivey's background as a football player at the University of Georgia was touched upon to lend credibility to his inclusion in the group. While in the Varsity Club, Spivey feuded with Rick Steiner and the Road Warriors, acting more as back-up while former tag team partner Mike Rotunda and Steve Williams were pushed as the stars of the group. When the Varsity Club disbanded, Spivey came under the management of ex-referee Teddy Long and started teaming with newcomer Sid Vicious under the name of The Skyscrapers. The Skyscrapers' (so named due to their height with Spivey at 6'8" and Vicious at 6'9") first taste of success came at the Great American Bash pay-per-view, where they first co-won a Two-Ring King of the Hill Battle Royal with Sid being the survivor in one ring and Spivey surviving in the other. The rules called for the two to fight each other but manager Teddy Long convinced them to shake hands and share the prize money.[23] Later in the night, the Skyscrapers defeated The Dynamic Dudes due to their overwhelming size and power.[23]
The Skyscrapers quickly became involved in a feud with the Road Warriors, sparked by Teddy Long's actions while he was still a referee. The two teams were very evenly matched in power and intensity, creating a series of matches that did not favor one team over the other. Spivey and Vicious were disqualified against the Road Warriors at Halloween Havoc.[24] Shortly after Halloween Havoc, the Skyscrapers faced the Steiner Brothers at Clash of the Champions IX in a hard hitting match.[25] Sid Vicious suffered a punctured lung due to a broken rib. With Vicious out of action, Teddy Long brought in another tall newcomer in the same mold as Sid Vicious and Dan Spivey and dubbed him "Mean" Mark Callous.[26] The New Skyscrapers immediately picked up the feud with the Road Warriors and kept on having inconclusive matches with them. At Clash of the Champions X the Skyscrapers finally got the better of the Road Warriors, not in the match, but afterwards when they beat the Road Warriors down.[27] At this point in time, no one had ever been able to physically dominate the Road Warriors, something that pointed that big things had been planned for the Skyscrapers. However, in the days before the scheduled Chicago Street Fight at WrestleWar 1990,[28] Dan Spivey suddenly left WCW, leaving the bookers to scramble for a replacement. Spivey stated in a shoot interview that he left the company over money issues, as well as his dislike of the Road Warriors themselves for taking what he perceived as liberties with his tag-team partner "Mean" Mark Callous.
While working for the NWA as one of the Skyscrapers, Spivey also competed in his homestate of Florida, winning the NWA Florida Heavyweight Championship[29] in late 1989. However, this title win was not referred to on NWA Television. Spivey would go on to hold the title until July 1992, when he lost it to Lou Perez.[29] Spivey also kept on touring with AJPW while working for the NWA, mainly teaming with Stan Hansen. Spivey and Hansen formed a very popular Gaijin team that almost won AJPW's "World's Strongest Tag Determination League" in 1990.[30] By the end of 1990, Spivey returned to WCW television. The Skyscrapers briefly reunited at Starrcade (1990) as he and Sid Vicious defeated The Big Cat and The Motor City Madman.[31]
With Sid Vicious being part of the Four Horsemen, the Skyscraper reunion was short-lived. Instead, Spivey started to focus on his singles career in WCW, challenging WCW U.S. Champion "The Total Package" Lex Luger at the February 24, 1991 PPV WrestleWar.[32] Spivey did not win the title, and he did not get another high-profile title opportunity while with the company. On April 18, 1991 Dan Spivey and Stan Hansen captured the World Tag Team Championship from Terry Gordy and Steve Williams in Tokyo, Japan.[29] Spivey and Hansen even brought their successful tag team to WCW during this time. On June 22, 1991, Spivey and Hansen were booked to face Rick Steiner and Tom Zenk and Spivey was told to lose the match to Zenk. Spivey refused since the duo were the World Tag Team Champions. After further discussions, Dan Spivey once again left WCW.[33]
Spivey and Hansen would lose the tag-team titles back to Gordy and Williams.[29] After the title loss, Spivey started to team with other wrestlers, mainly with Johnny Ace, but also linked up with Jim Brunzell,[34] Kendall Windham[35] and Jim Steele.[36] Spivey managed to mend fences with WCW enough to work with them once more during the summer of 1992. His biggest match during this time was his appearance at Starrcade where he teamed with Van Hammer to defeat Johnny B. Badd and Cactus Jack to advance in the "Lethal Lottery". Spivey was eliminated from the main event battle royal by eventual winner The Great Muta.[37]
Universal Wrestling Federation (1990–1995) [ edit ]
Between 1990 and 1995, Spivey made regular American appearances for Herb Abrams' Universal Wrestling Federation (UWF). He defeated Johnny Ace at UWF's Blackjack Brawl to become the only UWF Americas Champion.[29]
World Wrestling Federation (1995) [ edit ]
Spivey rejoined the WWF in June 1995, adopting the name "Waylon Mercy" in a character based on Robert De Niro's portrayal of Max Cady in the 1991 remake of Cape Fear. Like Cady, he had jet black hair, wore white attire with a Hawaiian shirt, and sported several strange tattoos, including one of a dagger on his forehead (Spivey's were temporary). The character was introduced through a series of vignettes that always had Spivey speaking in a calm yet sinister manner, finishing with the phrase "Lives are gonna be in Waylon Mercy's hands. You know what I mean?"
Spivey portrayed a heel despite his character acting as a peaceful southern gentleman outside the ring. Waylon would shake the hands of the fans and thank them for coming to see him wrestle, his opponent, and even the referee before his matches. However, once the bell rang, he became vicious, insincerely apologizing for actions such as kicking or choking a downed opponent. Mercy's finishing move saw him apply a sleeper hold as he revealed a wide-eyed, insane expression. Once the bell rang, he would return to his "peaceful southern gentleman" act.[38][self-published source]
Mercy was pushed upon his debut with victories over numerous enhancement talents (including a young Jeff Hardy), as well as established stars such as Bob Holly,[39] The 1-2-3 Kid,[40] and Doink The Clown.[41] Soon after, he competed in matches with the top faces of the WWF at the time, such as Bret Hart,[42] Razor Ramon,[43] and WWF World Heavyweight Champion Diesel.[44] Spivey's only pay-per-view appearance as Waylon Mercy came at In Your House 3, where he lost to Savio Vega.[45] Spivey defeated Diesel by countout in his last televised match.[46]
Retirement (1995–present) [ edit ]
Spivey retired in 1995 due to injuries.[3] After retiring, Spivey briefly attempted to forge a career as a fashion model.[47] He went on to work for Spivey Underground Utility Construction Company,[48] a construction company owned by his family.[3] In 2014, Windham Rotunda revealed[49] that his character of Bray Wyatt was given to him by Spivey who was attending the WWE Performance Center at the time, and shares a number of similarities with the Waylon Mercy character.
On August 1, 2015, Spivey, at age 62, who hadn't wrestled since 1995 due to injuries, returned to the ring for Dory Funk Jr.'s !BANG! promotion. Spivey and Funk worked a 10-man Japanese Bonsai match. Spivey was also awarded the "Fighting Heart Award."
Personal life [ edit ]
Spivey was arrested on July 14, 2007 for driving under the influence in Odessa, Florida. He was released on $500 bond.[4] He became sober in April 2009. He now owns his own company, Spivey's Sober Companions, in Odessa and Stamford, Connecticut.[4] Spivey is also the Ambassador for the breakfast restaurant chain, The Breakfast Station in Florida.
Championships and accomplishments [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
You almost certainly have animals living on your face.
You can't see them, but they're there. They are microscopic mites, eight-legged creatures rather like spiders. Almost every human being has them. They spend their entire lives on our faces, where they eat, mate and finally die.
Before you start buying extra-strong facewash, you should know that these microscopic lodgers probably aren't a serious problem. They may well be almost entirely harmless. What's more, because they are so common they could help reveal our history in unparalleled detail.
There are two species of mite that live on your face: Demodex folliculorum and D. brevis.
They are arthropods, the group that includes jointed-legged animals such as insects and crabs. Being mites, their closest relatives are spiders and ticks.
Scientists have known that humans carry face mites for a long time
Demodex mites have eight short and stubby legs near their heads. Their bodies are elongated, almost worm-like. Under a microscope, they look as though they're swimming through oil, neither very far, nor very fast.
The two species live in slightly different places. D. folliculorum resides in pores and hair follicles, while D. brevis prefers to settle deeper, in your oily sebaceous glands.
Compared with other parts of your body, your face has larger pores and more numerous sebaceous glands, which may explain why the mites tend to live there. But they have also been found elsewhere, including the genital area and on breasts.
Scientists have known that humans carry face mites for a long time. D. folliculorum was spotted in human earwax in France in 1842.
You may have around two mites per eyelash
In 2014, it became clear just how ubiquitous they are. Megan Thoemmes of North Carolina State University in Raleigh and her colleagues found, as had previous studies, that about 14% of people had visible mites. But they also found Demodex DNA on every single face they tested.
That suggests we all have them, and probably in quite large numbers. "It's hard to speculate or quantify but a low population would be maybe in the hundreds," says Thoemmes. "A high mite population would be thousands." Put another way, you may have around two mites per eyelash.
The populations may well vary from person to person, so you might have many more than your neighbour or far fewer. You may also have more mites on one side of your face than the other.
Yet it's not clear what the mites are getting from us. For starters, we're not sure what they eat.
"Some people think they eat the bacteria that are associated with the skin," says Thoemmes. "Some think they eat the dead skin cells. Some think they're eating the oil from the sebaceous gland."
They've never been known to eat one another
Thoemmes and her colleagues are currently looking at the microorganisms that live in the mites' guts. That could help determine their diet.
We also don't know much about how they reproduce. Other species of mite get up to all sorts of things, from incest and sexual cannibalism to matricide and fratricide. But so far it seems Demodex are a little less extreme.
"They've never been known to eat one another," says Thoemmes. "It appears that they come out at night to mate and then go back to their pores."
The only thing we know about is their eggs.
"We have caught a Demodex laying an egg on camera," says Thoemmes. The video is available on YouTube.
These mites don't have anuses
Female Demodex mites lay their eggs around the rim of the pore they are living in. But they probably don't lay many.
"Their eggs are quite large, a third to a half the size of their body, which would be very metabolically demanding," says Thoemmes. "They're so large they're probably laying one at a time, as I can't imagine that more than one can fit in their bodies based on the size."
Speaking of objects that Demodex need to push out of their bodies, these mites also don't have anuses.
They still need to poo, so it's been said that they 'explode' with waste at the end of their lives. However, that's "a bit of an over-exaggeration", says Thoemmes.
All their waste builds up over time and then there's one large flush of bacteria
They do save it all up until death, though. When a Demodex dies, its body dries out and all the built-up waste degrades on your face.
"It's not an exploding action necessarily, but it's true that all their waste builds up over time and then there's one large flush of bacteria," says Thoemmes. "It's not just coming in discrete units over time, it's a lot built up that comes out."
That may sound terrible. But surprisingly, it looks as though these mites are not harmful.
"I would think that they're not harming us in a way that's detectable," says Thoemmes. "If we were having a strong negative response to their presence, we'd be seeing that in a greater number of people."
People suffering from rosacea tend to have more Demodex mites
The one thing they have been linked to is a skin problem called rosacea. This mainly affects people's faces, and begins with flushing before sometimes progressing to permanent redness, spots, and sensations of burning or stinting.
Studies have found that people suffering from rosacea tend to have more Demodex mites. Instead of 1 or 2 per square centimetre of skin, the number rises to 10 to 20.
But that doesn't mean the mites cause the problem.
"The mites are involved in rosacea, but they're not causing it, "says Kevin Kavanagh of Maynooth University in Ireland. In a study published in 2012, he concluded that the root cause was changes in people's skin.
Our skin gradually changes over the years, for instance due to ageing or exposure to the weather. This alters the sebum, an oily substance produced by the sebaceous glands that helps keep our skin moist.
When the mites die, they release their internal contents
Demodex are thought to eat the sebum, and the change in its makeup may cause a population boom. "This causes irritation in the face, just because there are so many mites around," says Kavanagh.
There also seems to be a link between rosacea symptoms and the big flush of bacteria released when a mite dies.
"When the mites die, they release their internal contents," says Kavanagh. "This contains a lot of bacteria and toxins that cause irritation and inflammation."
There may also be a link with the immune system, which normally protects us against infections. Thoemmes says the mites have been found to be particularly abundant on people with immune deficiencies, such as AIDS or cancer.
"I think mites are exploding because you're having an immune response to something else," she says. "Rosacea is another response to that."
For most people, most of the time, they're harmless
It's still not clear what sort of relationship we have with our Demodex mites. We can be sure they are not parasites, which take things from us and cause harm in the process.
The relationship might instead be commensal, meaning that they do take something from us but not in a way that normally causes harm. For most people, most of the time, they're harmless.
They may even be beneficial. For instance, they may clear dead skin off our faces or eat harmful skin bacteria.
But suppose you really wanted to get rid of them. Could you?
Although there are therapies that kill Demodex mites, we can't get rid of them forever.
They rebound after about six weeks, says Kavanagh. "We pick them up from people who we are in contact with. We pick them up from sheets, pillows, towels. There's good evidence that we transmit them between each other."
We may pick up Demodex very early in life
It looks as if there is something special on our faces that they need. Even if you kill them off, you're going to get them again, because they're everywhere and they want to be on your face.
In line with that we may pick up Demodex very early in life. "Demodex mites have been found in mammary tissue," says Thoemmes. As a result, she suspects they travel from mother to baby, perhaps through breast-feeding or even at birth.
We may then pick up a few more from the people we know as we grow older. Thoemmes's study found more mite activity on adults over 18 than on 18-year-olds.
It also seems our species has carried Demodex mites for a long time.
Humans have long had a close relationship with domestic dogs
Thoemmes speculates it might be "since we evolved from our hominid ancestors". That would mean we've been carrying these animals for 20,000 years.
We might have picked them up from other animals. D. brevis is particularly similar to a species that lives on dogs. Humans have long had a close relationship with domestic dogs, and with their wild relatives, wolves. Thoemmes suggests our ancestors "lived closely with them, for hunting purposes or that kind of thing", and picked up the mites as a result.
As well as our relationships with animals, the mites could reveal a lot about our relationships with each other. Their genes contain clues to our history.
When Thoemmes looked at the mites' DNA, she found that mites collected from Chinese populations were distinctly different from those collected from North and South American populations.
Because these differences exist, studying the mites could tell us how our distant ancestors migrated around the planet, and reveal which modern populations are most closely related.
"We might be able to figure out human associations… we weren't able to figure out or see before," says Thoemmes.
She is particularly interested in finding out about the colonisation of Central and South America. "There's been a lot of speculation as to which populations of humans colonised Brazil and inter-bred," she says.
Demodex could also allow us to peer much further back in time, and investigate how we evolved. If they've lived with us for so long, it is possible our immune systems have changed as a result. These little mites may have helped shape how we respond to disease.
Our bodies are seething with microorganisms
"They most certainly have an effect on us, as we do on them," says Thoemmes. "We could be having immune responses to them, which could have been having an effect on our health and immune systems."
For now, this is all speculation. But even if none of these ideas pay off, the story of Demodex is a reminder that we humans are home to a multitude of species.
Some, such as head lice and fleas, hop aboard occasionally, or only live on certain populations. Others, like Demodex and the microorganisms in our guts, are with all of us throughout our lives. Our bodies are seething with microorganisms: they make up 90% of our cells.
There is a simple lesson here. You are not just you: you are a walking, talking community, an entire ecosystem held within one body.
The Great Train Wreck of 1918 occurred on July 9, 1918, in Nashville, Tennessee. Two passenger trains, operated by the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway ("NC&StL"), collided head-on, costing at least 101 lives and injuring an additional 171. It is considered the worst rail accident in United States history,[1] though estimates of the death toll of this accident overlap with that of the Malbone Street Wreck in Brooklyn the same year.
The two trains involved were the No. 4, scheduled to depart Nashville for Memphis, Tennessee at 7:00 a.m., and the No. 1 from Memphis, about a half-hour late for a scheduled arrival in Nashville at 7:10 a.m. At about 7:20 a.m., the two trains collided while traversing a section of single track line known as "Dutchman's Curve" west of downtown, in the present-day neighborhood of Belle Meade. The trains were each traveling at an estimated 50 to 60 miles per hour; the impact derailed them both, and destroyed several wooden cars.
An investigation by the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) attributed the cause of the accident to several factors, notably serious errors by the crew of train No. 4 and tower operators, all of whom failed to properly account for the presence of the train No. 1 on the line. The ICC also pointed to a lack of a proper system for the accurate determination of train positions and noted that the wooden construction of the cars greatly increased the number of fatalities.
Incident [ edit ]
Departures [ edit ]
At 7:07 a.m. on the day of the accident, the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis ("NC&StL") train No. 4 departed Union Station in Nashville, bound for Memphis. The train, pulled by locomotive No. 282, a G8A class 4-6-0 ten-wheeler built by Baldwin, consisted of two mail and baggage cars and six wooden coaches.
Meanwhile, train No. 1, pulled by locomotive No. 281, also a G8A class 4-6-0 ten-wheeler built by Baldwin, was heading into Nashville from Memphis. Containing one baggage car, six wooden coaches, and two Pullman sleeping cars of steel construction, train No. 1 had departed McKenzie four hours earlier, and passed Bellevue at 7:09 a.m., thirty-five minutes behind schedule.
Approach [ edit ]
Both trains required the use of a single-track section approximately 10 miles (16 km) long in the western portion of Nashville. According to contemporary practices, the inbound train (No. 1) retained the right-of-way. Thus, the railroad dispatch informed the crew of the opposing (No. 4) train that they were to stop in the double-track section if they did not visually identify the passing No. 1 before they reached the interlocking tower known as "Shops Junction", where the single-track section began. The term "Shops" referred to the railroad's massive repair and refueling shops including its largest roundhouse. This was not a passenger stop but rather the junction where the railroad's mainline track to Memphis narrowed down to just one track.
While train No. 4 traversed the double-track section, the conductor delegated the responsibility of identifying No. 1 to the remainder of the crew. While collecting tickets, the conductor mistook the sound of a passing switch engine with empty passenger cars as No. 1. The crew either made the same error or were negligent in properly identifying the train.
As No. 4 approached the interlocking tower at Shops Junction, tower operator J. S. Johnson showed a clear signal from the tower's train order signals, indicating all was clear. As he stopped to record the train in his logs, he noticed that there was no entry showing that the opposing train No. 1 had passed. Johnson reported to the dispatcher who telegraphed back, "He meets No. 1 there, can you stop him?" Johnson sounded the emergency whistle, but there was no one at the rear of No. 4 to hear it. The train passed on the assumption that the clear train order board indicated that the line ahead was clear. Also, the engineman and conductor failed to visually inspect the train register at Shops Junction to ascertain as to whether No. 1 had yet arrived. That was required by operating instructions issued by the railroad's management prior to the wreck.
Collision [ edit ]
Shortly after 7:20 a.m. the two trains collided at Dutchman's Grade near White Bridge Road. It is estimated that the westbound train was traveling at about 50 mph while the Nashville-bound train was running at 60 mph. Many of the wooden cars were crushed or hurled sideways. The sound of the collision could be heard two miles (3 km) away.
This was to have been the last trip before retirement of the engineer of the Nashville-bound train.
Aftermath [ edit ]
The Interstate Commerce Commission listed the dead at 101, though some reports listed the death toll as high as 121.[2] At least 171 people were injured. Many of the victims were African American laborers from Arkansas and Memphis who were coming to work at the gunpowder plant in Old Hickory outside of Nashville. As many as 50,000 people came to the track that day to help rescue survivors, search for loved ones, or simply witness the tragic scene.
In its official report, the Interstate Commerce Commission was harsh on the railroad. A combination of operating practices, human error and lax enforcement of operating rules led to this worst passenger train wreck in U.S. history. Had the signal tower operator properly left his signal at danger, the conductor monitored his train's progress rather than entrusting it to a subordinate, and had the crew inspected the train register at Shops Junction as required, the accident would not have happened.
This wreck provided the impetus for most railroads to switch to all-steel passenger cars versus wood and steel.[citation needed]
In the 1970s, songwriters Bobby Braddock and Rafe VanHoy told the story of the trainwreck in the song "The Great Nashville Railroad Disaster (A True Story)". The song was recorded by Country music singer David Allan Coe on his 1980 album I've Got Something to Say.
The locomotives involved in the wreck, #281 and #282, were later rebuilt in 1919 and continued service throughout the two World Wars until their retirement in 1947 and 1948 respectively.
After their retirement #281 was sold and scrapped in June 1948 and #282 was also sold and scrapped in April 1949.
None of the rest of their sisters ever survive either from #280 to #286.
See also [ edit ]
Lists of rail accidents
Andria–Corato train collision, 2016 Italian wreck also caused by mistaking one train for another and failure to make sure a long section of single track was clear.
References [ edit ]
^ Wood, E. Thomas (July 6, 2007). "Nashville now and then: Off the rails". NashvillePost.com. To this day, the crash remains the worst railroad accident in American history. ^ "121 Persons Are Killed And 57 Injured In Train Collision". Nashville Tennessean. July 10, 1918.
Further reading [ edit ]
Kilen, Mike (July 5, 1998). "That Mournful Sound". The Tennessean .
"N. & C. Wreck Near Nashville Takes Toll of Dead and Hurt". Nashville Banner . July 9, 1918.
" Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis-The Dixie Line by Dain L. Schult, a/k/a Grandpa's Road , (the chapter entitled,"Wipe The Clock and Pray"), Copyright 2001 Dain L. Schult, TLC Publishing".
The Day the Whistles Cried: The Great Cornfield Meet at Dutchman's Curve Thorpe, Betsy. 2014.
Coordinates:
Despite Microsoft still keeping quiet on the final pricing of Windows 8, through various small announcements and leaks we're beginning to get an idea of what the price will be. Today, if you head to the Microsoft Licensing Advisor as part of their Volume Licensing scheme, you can actually select Windows 8 Pro as one of the products.
After choosing the Microsoft Open License program for Corporate use, and then selecting a single license-only copy of Windows 8 Pro through the drop-down boxes, it spits back a price of $188. Note that this price is through the Volume Licensing program and will not be the same as the consumer System Builder pricing, expected to start below $100 for non-Pro Windows 8.
Also revealed through the Volume License center is the price for Windows Server 2012 Datacenter ($4,810 per license) and Server 2012 Standard ($833 per license).
Apart from the Volume Licensing and System Builder options, Microsoft is running an upgrade program that will net you an upgrade to Windows 8 for $39.99 until January 31, 2013 provided you're running a previous version of Windows. People who buy a new PC between June 2012 and January 2013 will also be eligible for a cheaper $14.99 upgrade to Windows 8, which some PC manufacturers are refunding.
Via: BinLogs
Source: Microsoft License Advisor | Thanks for the tip Ramesh!
Old School Cast To Reunite For SpikeTV's Guys Choice Awards By Jesse Carp Random Article Blend Guys Choice may not be the most prestigious awards ceremony but they do offer a celebrity filled night more enjoyable than most of the other notoriously long and stuffy affairs. The awards show doesn't take itself seriously, the trophies are giant gold antlers after all (symbolizing the stag), and allows fans to
The network already announced that Adam Sandler, Emma Stone, Mark Wahlberg and Mila Kunis would be appearing at this year's event before adding Matthew McConaughey, Channing Tatum, and Andy Samberg earlier today. However, the most exciting news has to be Guys Choice "Guy Movie Hall of Fame." I said this was ridiculous!
The 2012 Guys Choice "Guy Movie Hall of Fame" inductee is... Old School. SpikeTV's inaugural ceremony put Swingers in the "Hall" and Todd Phillips' film is now the sixth movie to receive the prestigious honor. The male-crisis, frat comedy joins previous inductees GoodFellas, There's Something About Mary, Fight Club and last year's Fast Times At Ridgemont High. That is actually a pretty prestigious lineup, despite the silly nature of the award.
The awards show is held on June 2 and will mark the first official reunion for Will Ferrell, Vince Vaughn, Luke Wilson and director Todd Phillips. The 2003 comedy became an instant classic and I'm kind of looking forward to seeing Frank The Tank, Beanie and The Godfather together again, even if only for a brief moment. It'd be nice if they brought the whole fraternity on stage (since some of the minor actors are now stars in their own right, like Big Bang Theory's Simon Helberg).
Spike TV's Guys Choice airs June 9 at 9 p.m. ET. The SpikeTVmay not be the most prestigious awards ceremony but they do offer a celebrity filled night more enjoyable than most of the other notoriously long and stuffy affairs. The awards show doesn't take itself seriously, the trophies are giant gold antlers after all (symbolizing the stag), and allows fans to decide the winners The network already announced that Adam Sandler, Emma Stone, Mark Wahlberg and Mila Kunis would be appearing at this year's event before adding Matthew McConaughey, Channing Tatum, and Andy Samberg earlier today. However, the most exciting news has to be SpikeTV 's choice for the next inductee into the"Guy Movie Hall of Fame." I said this was ridiculous!The 2012"Guy Movie Hall of Fame" inductee is.... SpikeTV's inaugural ceremony putin the "Hall" and Todd Phillips' film is now the sixth movie to receive the prestigious honor. The male-crisis, frat comedy joins previous inducteesand last year's. That is actually a pretty prestigious lineup, despite the silly nature of the award.The awards show is held on June 2 and will mark the first official reunion for Will Ferrell, Vince Vaughn, Luke Wilson and director Todd Phillips. The 2003 comedy became an instant classic and I'm kind of looking forward to seeing Frank The Tank, Beanie and The Godfather together again, even if only for a brief moment. It'd be nice if they brought the whole fraternity on stage (since some of the minor actors are now stars in their own right, like's Simon Helberg).Spike TV'sairs June 9 at 9 p.m. ET. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Taking the opportunity offered by the update to the Reactive Manifesto, InfoQ asked Jonas Bonér, Typesafe CTO and original author of the first Reactive Manifesto, some questions about his vision of “Reactive” applications. Jonas offered his thoughts about both desirable features of reactive applications and what is not reactive programming.
InfoQ: Could you please explain your view of service size and behavior in the Reactive model?
Jonas: Service size and management is really a trend that we see changing in a Reactive direction. Docker, for example, is a container that gives much better control of granularity, and a great example of the trend towards smaller units of managed services. When I talk about service size I don't refer to lines of code or bytes but about the single responsibility principle—doing one thing and one thing well. By having a simple contract that a service lives up to, it can more reliably handle that one thing. Relying on simple protocols makes the services easier to compose and to keep isolated from each other—which makes them easier to both write, understand, maintain, deploy and upgrade. So to sum things up; small services with high integrity and cohesion that you can compose, but still be managed in isolation—that's the vision of the whole microservices movement, and that is in the spirit of Reactive.
InfoQ: How is this different than how services are usually composed today?
Jonas: In classic JEE apps, services are written in a very monolithic way. That ties back to a strong coupling between the components in the service and between services. It makes it hard to understand the system, with the services tangled and dependent. It's also very hard to evolve the system like that—hard to let these services that are coupled in the monolith to evolve independently. In non-Reactive world—since all these services are tightly coupled—you need to upgrade all of them at once. And in terms of managing failure, when one service fails it can take down the entire app, instead of allowing you to deal with the failure in isolation.
App servers (WebLogic, JBoss, Tomcat, etc.) really encourage this monolithic model. They assume that you are bundling your service JARs into an EAR file as a way of grouping your services, which you then deploy—alongside all your other applications and services—into the single running instance of the app server, who manages the service “isolation” through class loader tricks; a very fragile model.
InfoQ: In the manifesto you talk about how reactive applications should meet failure “with elegance” rather than disaster. What do you mean by that?
Jonas: Yes, error handling is a great example of how failure management is an afterthought for most applications. The two main problems I see are first, poor isolation and containment of errors and second, that all types of errors are sent right back to the client in a synchronous fashion.
I like to give an analogy about a vending machine. A guy wants to buy a coffee, so he walks up to a coffee machine and is supposed to put two quarters in to get a coffee. If he only puts one quarter in, not much will happen, since he has not fulfilled the contract of the service. So the machine—instead of returning coffee—displays a validation error telling the user: “please give me another quarter”. This is what you would expect. The user of the coffee machine is responsible for fulfilling his part of the service contract. Most applications do a good job of presenting validation errors and handling “failure” at that level.
But what happens when he puts in two quarters, but the coffee machine doesn't work because the beans are jammed in the grinder? You would not expect the machine to return with a message telling the user to open it up and disassemble it in order to fix the problem. This is not the user's responsibility. Instead (ideally) the machine would send a notification to a vending machine service guy that can come and fix the problem.
It's an oversimplified analogy, but the point is that this separation of validation errors and application errors is very important, yet something we often see missing and confused in JEE applications. I don't believe that application errors should be thrown into the user's face, but still that is what Java (most languages for that matter) expects you to do with its synchronous exceptions (blowing your call-stack) and try-catch statements as the only tool for error handling. It forces you into a model where you need to program very defensively and be prepared for anything to blow up anywhere—since any service or method call can, at any point in time, return with an application error. As a result of this flawed model we often see applications where the error handling is scattered all over the application and tangled with the business logic in an incomprehensible mess.
InfoQ: Then, what does reactive error management look like?
Jonas: A Reactive approach is able to first isolate and contain the error to avoid it from spreading out of control—which can lead to cascading failures, taking down the whole application—and instead capture it at its root allowing fine-grained failure management and self-healing. Second, it allows you to reify the error as a message and send it to the best suitable receiver—the component best suitable for managing the failure (usually called the component's Supervisor)—not just right back to the user of the service. Now, if the error is just an ordinary message then it can be managed just like any other message; sent asynchronously, to one or many listeners, even across the network for full resilience. This means that failure is no longer something exceptional, but part of the normal message workflow; giving you a natural way to design for failure—a model sometimes called “embrace failure” or “let it crash”.
InfoQ: State is a major challenge for scale. What's the opportunity for state to be handled in a more reactive way?
Jonas: The biggest impediment for scale is shared mutable state (to be precise: contended access to shared mutable state). As soon as you have shared mutable state, you need to guard that state through a gateway of serial access, which means adding coordination and mutual exclusion, and that adds contention—services waiting in line for access the shared state. Contention is the biggest scalability killer.
How people approach state today—they want to continue to program as if everything were still running on a single CPU, where they have a full control of the ordering of the instructions. That's a nice model because it's easy to understand, and it was true 15 years ago—but we shouldn't lie to ourselves any longer, it's a vastly different world now, and we need to rethink how we design and think about software. The current reality doesn't match our beloved von Neumann Architecture anymore, and hanging on to it by trying to emulate it will just make matters worse.
But unfortunately, way too often I have seen that instead of addressing the problem at its root cause and simplify it by applying the right design and principles from the start, people keep adding layers in complexity by bringing in more tools and products in an attempt to keep their mutable state in sync. The problem with this is that it doesn't scale -- the more nodes (or cores) you add, the more nodes need to be part of that consistent view, and that's more and more costly and will make the system run slower and slower.
The antidote is share nothing designs. In a share nothing architecture components do not share state, every component (or node) is fully self-contained, lives in isolation, with its own life-cycle and communicates by sending immutable messages. If you rely on share nothing designs then you will both minimize contention and maximize locality reference. This means that things used often together are sitting together, and not just conceptually but in code, which simplifies caching—both less CPU cache line invalidations, better prefetching, and more efficient application level caching. It also means minimizing the waiting time in the system by decreasing contention, which makes things more efficient in terms of resource utilization. Now, adding more CPUs and/or nodes just helps, since you have partitioned the system and removed most bottlenecks.
InfoQ: What about applications that really need to share data among its components?
Jonas: It is true that most applications have some need for strong consistency (linearizability), but its the wrong default. It is not uncommon for the data set in your application that has such strong consistency guarantees is fairly small. Why then pay such a high price for all of your data? It is sad to see that most people still reach for their RDBMS whenever they want to persist or coordinate data—just out of habit and/or resistance of change—without thinking through the requirements of that specific data set in terms of consistency and integrity. My advice would be to start off by trying to make your problem fit an eventually consistent, share-nothing design, with components communicating through asynchronous message-passing and in the few places where you need strong consistency then bite the bullet and pay the price. Then you will end up with an architecture that with very few bottlenecks, great scalability and elasticity characteristics and no single point of failure.
InfoQ: In which way do you hope the Reactive Manifesto 2.0 will help developers to get reactive principles right?
Jonas: ?I hope that it will make it clear how the four traits of Reactive; Responsive, Resilient, Elastic and Message-Driven are essential building blocks—how they support and complement each other, and how none of them work well in isolation. I hope that it will help the reader to go beyond the buzzwords and hype and really understand that by going back to the basics of computer science, distilling the essence and rely on a few—but right set of—solid and proven principles, they can simplify their system's design immensely and be ready to tackle the challenges we, as an industry, are faced with today.
InfoQ: How would you describe the reactions to the Reactive Manifesto since its initial definition?
Jonas: I have mainly seen positive ?reactions to the Reactive Manifesto and it has to this date been signed by more than 7600 people. It has sparked great discussions around Reactive, as well as the manifesto itself, which has led to constructive criticism of the first versions of the manifesto.
We are grateful for this feedback and it is what has triggered the complete rewrite of the Reactive Manifesto that we see today. The new version is much shorter and more concise, it tells a more coherent and consistent story while being less prescriptive. The goal has always been to create a living document that evolves and improves over time (which is why it resides on GitHub, comment and pull-request friendly) and I hope that it will continue to do so. If there's been a criticism, it's that its self-evident, which might be true for some people. But what is self-evident to the enlightened can sound like magic to the average Joe. The goal is not to preach to the choir but reach out to the masses and show them a better way—as we conclude the manifesto: "It is time to apply these design principles consciously from the start instead of rediscovering them each time."
InfoQ: One year later, what value do you still see in the Reactive Manifesto?
Jonas: ?I think it has helped in a number of ways. Raising the awareness of the challenges we see have today, and that are waiting in even bigger hordes around the corner. Moving the focus and discussion from tools and products to principles and techniques. Establishing a shared vocabulary how we as an industry talk about these things, which have helped bridge communities, across languages, platforms and industries. ?
The Reactive Manifesto aims at condensing the knowledge about how to design highly scalable and reliable applications into a set of four required architecture traits: responsiveness, resiliency, elasticity and message-driven interactions.
More content about the Reactive Manifesto and more generally about reactive programming can be found in InfoQ archives.
About the Interviewee
Jonas Bonér is a co-founder and CTO of Typesafe, and creator of the Akka message-driven middleware project. He worked on core JVM-level clustering technology at Terracotta, and on the JRockit JVM at BEA. Jonas has also been a contributor to open source projects including the AspectWerkz AOP framework and the Eclipse AspectJ project. He is one of the original proponents of the Reactive Manifesto.
What you are experiencing right now is called Trumpmentum: it's a lot like popularity, only with fewer people.* If you walk backwards in time, Trump has now won a total of zero delegates (maybe one) from the last three states – Utah (where he was swept by Cruz), Colorado (which is still ongoing but looking like a Cruz delegate sweep) and North Dakota (where Trump got either zero or one delegates).
This upcoming weekend is Wyoming, where Trump will probably also get skunked. The only thing standing between Trump and a five state losing streak – or even a five state zero delegate streak – is Wisconsin. On the one hand, you have a garbage poll from garbage pollster ARG showing Trump with a lead. On the other hand, every reputable poll shows Cruz with a comfortable and widening lead.
Based on past experience, Cruz will likely overperform the polls and Trump will likely underperform them, which means that Trump might be lucky to escape Wisconsin with a handful of delegates from a Congressional district or two.
This is not something that is supposed to happen to Republican front runners. They aren't supposed to have a losing streak of five states that happens more than a month after Super Tuesday. And what it shows is that the tide is finally turning on Trump. The last week of embarrassing debacles, all spawned from Trump's own mouth, may have finally been too much for people to handle. And the next time voters go to the polls two weeks from now, all that will be allowed to fester some more.
And if Trump falls below 50% in New York on April 19th, that means he will probably lose around 30 delegates to some combination of both Cruz and Kasich. That would set up a do-or-die April 26th for Trump, where he would need to almost sweep the 170+ delegates up for grabs on that day in order to have a plausible path to 1,237 – which, it looks increasingly likely, he will absolutely need to clear because of the Cruz team's work kicking the legs out from under Trump on the second and third ballots by stacking bound Trump delegates with people who are anti-Trump.
If Trump loses tomorrow, he will try to play it off as no big deal, but make no mistake, it will meaningfully dent his chances at the nomination.
*I ripped this joke off shamelessly from my colleague Dan McLaughlin
A new video from the Center for Freedom and Prosperity gives four reasons why big government is bad fiscal policy.
I particularly like the explanation of how government spending undermines growth by diverting labor and capital from the productive sector of the economy.
Some cynics, though, say that it is futile to make arguments for good policy. They claim that politicians make bad fiscal decisions because of short-term considerations such as vote buying and raising campaign cash and that they don't care about the consequences. There's a lot of truth to this “public choice” analysis, but I don't think it explains everything. Maybe I'm an optimist, but I think we would have better fiscal policy if more lawmakers, journalists, academics, and others grasped the common-sense arguments presented in this video.
And even if the cynics are right, we are more likely to have good policy if the American people more fully understand the damaging impact of excessive government. This is because politicians almost always will do what is necessary to stay in office. So if they think the American people are upset about wasteful spending and paying close attention, the politicians will be less likely to upset voters by funneling money to special interests.
For those who want additional information on the economics of government spending, this video looks at the theoretical case for small government and this video examines the empirical evidence against big government. And this video explains that America's fiscal problem is too much spending rather than too much debt (in other words, deficits are merely a symptom of an underlying problem of excessive spending).
Last but not least, this video reviews the theory and evidence for the “Rahn Curve,” which is the notion that there is a growth-maximizing level of government outlays.
Judges found that the man who brought the case, Larry Klayman, could not prove his particular phone records had been swept up in NSA dragnets
A federal appeals court has rejected a high-profile challenge to the ongoing mass collection of US phone data by the National Security Agency without ruling on the merits of bulk surveillance.
Judges for the District of Columbia court of appeals found that the man who brought the case, conservative lawyer Larry Klayman, could not prove that his particular cellphone records had been swept up in NSA dragnets.
The ruling reversed an injunction from a lower court on the phone records surveillance program – but only in a technical sense, as the injunction never actually went into force.
But the judges' decision does not impact that of a different federal appeals court, which in May found that the bulk phone records collection lacked a foundation in law. That ruling, by the second circuit court of appeals, added momentum to a congressional rollback of the surveillance program that has yet to take effect.
In their ruling, judges Janice Rogers Brown, Stephen Williams and David Sentelle wrote: “The record, as it stands in the very early stages of this litigation, leaves some doubt about whether plaintiffs' own metadata was ever collected.”
Activist lawyer takes NSA surveillance case to federal appeals court Read more
Klayman shot back, telling the Guardian the judges were “intellectually dishonest” as the widespread nature of NSA bulk phone records collection has been on display for more than two years since whistleblower Edward Snowden's surveillance disclosures.
“It's outrageous this court would allow the constitutional rights of Americans to be trampled upon,” Klayman said. “The court has become the tool of the establishment.”
The case now returns to a lower federal judge, Richard Leon, to establish if Klayman's call records appear in NSA databases. The judges acknowledged that the highly classified nature of the program makes it difficult, if not impossible, for Klayman to establish that the NSA collected his records.
“It is entirely possible that, even if plaintiffs are granted discovery, the government may refuse to provide information (if any exists) that would further plaintiffs' case,” the judges wrote.
Klayman's case gained national recognition after Leon ruled in December 2013 that the NSA surveillance was borderline unconstitutional and “almost Orwellian” in scope. At the time, Leon's ruling was the first to examine the program in a non-secret court.
The ruling on Friday neither addressed the underlying legality of the NSA surveillance nor ended Klayman's suit outright, though Sentelle, in a separate opinion, endorsed that outcome. The judges distinguished it from the case ruled upon in May by their second circuit colleagues, which was brought by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and which did not rely on a specific showing of someone's records being collected.
Alex Abdo, an attorney for ACLU, which supports Klayman's suit, dismissed the relevance of Friday's ruling.
“Today's ruling is merely a procedural decision that does not address the constitutionality or legality of the NSA surveillance program,” Abdo said.
“Only one appeals court has weighed in on the merits of the program, and it ruled the government's collection of Americans' call records was not only unlawful but ‘unprecedented and unwarranted'. And next week that appeals court will hear argument on the ACLU's request that the NSA be required to end bulk collection.”
Before the Guardian revealed the existence of the bulk US phone records collection in June 2013, thanks to Snowden, legal challenges to warrantless NSA surveillance foundered for the reason the judges cited on Friday: an inability, thanks to government secrecy, for would-be challengers to prove their specific data had been collected.
After Snowden showed that the NSA swept up millions of US phone records daily in a program meant to throw a comprehensive blanket over US-transiting call data, privacy attorneys thought the Obama administration would not be able to lodge that defense anymore.
But the NSA's statements, in court and in the press, that the phone records program never achieved full comprehensiveness breathed new life into the government's legal strategy.
The judges addressed the secrecy concerns in Klayman's case by calling the classification a “form of regulation” over what “the citizen may know”, a reference to a famous disquisition on secrecy by former senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan.
“Regulations of this sort may frustrate the inquisitive citizen but that does not make them illegal or illegitimate,” the judges wrote.
“Excessive secrecy limits needed criticism and debate. Effective secrecy ensures the perpetuation of our institutions.”
Although Congress in June barred the NSA from collecting US phone data in bulk, the ban does not take effect until December. Privacy advocates have warned that the replacement surveillance powers Congress created are sufficiently broad to permit the NSA or partner agencies to reconstitute much of the barred surveillance in different forms.
After a season in which they won a record 73 games but ultimately finished one win shy of a repeat championship, the Golden State Warriors aren't sitting on their hands.
With free agency fast approaching, the Warriors are both actively recruiting Kevin Durant and drawing up fallback plans in the event he rebuffs them.
Should Durant sign elsewhere, the Warriors plan to re-sign restricted free agent Harrison Barnes, and then try to add a veteran big man, sources told ESPN's Marc Stein. Some of the free-agent bigs reportedly on their radar: Pau Gasol, Joakim Noah, David West, and Timofey Mozgov.
The Warriors have said they'll be doing due diligence on just about every available player, with one front-office executive calling their offseason approach "very, very aggressive."
Their apparent pursuit of a big man may raise some questions about their plans for backup center Festus Ezeli, who, like Barnes, is headed for restricted free agency. Stein reports the Warriors are keen on retaining Ezeli, but won't have a sense of how he fits into their plans until Durant makes his decision.
Cats came to Australia with European settlers not 17th-Century shipwrecks, two studies say
Updated
Feral cats in Australia are descended from animals that arrived after European settlement, confirming their devastating impact on local wildlife, researchers say.
Two separate studies analysed the genomes of feral cats from around Australia to determine whether Australian populations are related to Asian cats or came from European stock, and when they arrived.
Although most evidence suggests that cats arrived with early European settlers, it is possible that some animals came ashore from shipwrecks off Western Australia around 1600, arrived with Malaysian fishermen in northern Australia from about 1650, or even arrived with the dingo around 4,500 years ago.
A team led by Dr Katrin Koch from the Senkenberg Biodiversity and Climate Research Centre in Frankfurt compared the genomes of 266 feral cats from the Australian mainland and six of its islands to cats from European and south-east Asian populations.
They report in in BMC Evolutionary Biology that mitochondrial DNA ties most Australian populations to Europe, while those on islands close to Asia, such as Christmas Island, share more heritage with Asian cats.
Dr Peter Spencer from Murdoch University lead a team which analysed short tandem repeat (STR) genomic markers, which are prone to mutation, in 830 cats.
They report in the Journal of Heredity that most mainland cats stemmed from a few small populations which were probably introduced a few hundred years ago.
Both studies concluded that Australian cats originated in Europe and arrived in Australia in several small populations which spread rapidly.
"The genetic structure is consistent with a rapid westerly expansion from eastern Australia and a limited expansion in coastal Western Australia," Dr Spencer writes.
Dr Koch suggests that some cats may have been introduced from Asia after European settlement.
Dating helps confirm devastating impacts of introduced predators
Both research teams explain that identifying precisely when cats arrived in Australia is important in determining how big an impact cats, foxes, dingos and other predators have each had on Australian native wildlife.
"The continent has a complex and ancient faunal assemblage that is dominated by endemic rodents and marsupials and lacks the large placental carnivores found on other large continents," Dr Spender says.
"Cats are now ubiquitous across the entire Australian continent and have been implicit in the range contraction or extinction of its small to medium sized (<3.5kg) mammals."
Dr Koch notes that cats have prevented attempts to reintroduce threatened species in parts of Australia.
If cats were present in Australia before native populations started experiencing rapid declines, it is possible that they have been unfairly blamed. However, this research confirms that the introduction of cats does match up local extinctions.
In recent years, attempts to protect or reintroduce native species have included programs to eliminate local cat populations.
Tasmania's Bruny Island is close to becoming cat free, Tasman Island achieved that status in 2011, and cat containment laws and cat-proof fences have been established in mainland areas.
A plan by Environment Minister Greg Hunt to cull 2 million feral cats, which he described as "tsunamis of violence and death for Australia's native species," was attacked by actress Brigitte Bardot and animal rights groups.
Topics: animal-science, australia
First posted
No one knows why some lucky folks thrive on five or six hours of sleep per night, while the rest of us suffer if we don't get eight hours of shut-eye. But now scientists have discovered a genetic mutation that could be responsible for the eternal perkiness of short-sleepers.
Combing through a database of sleep-study volunteers, the researchers found two people who needed far less sleep than average. Both had abnormal copies of a gene called DEC2, which is known to affect circadian rhythms and oxygen regulation in mammals. When the scientists bred mice to have the same mutation, the mice slept less and were more active than their regular rodent peers.
So far, the researchers don't know why swapping a single base pair in the DEC2 gene makes mammals need less sleep. But unlike most people who skimp on sleep for long periods of time, subjects with the mutation don't experience the negative health effects of sleep deprivation, such as mood or metabolic changes.
"Finding the mutation is just the first step," said sleep researcher Ying-Hui Fu of the University of California, San Francisco, who co-authored the paper in Science Thursday. "To understand the mechanism is really what's important for us. We want to understand the how, what and why of sleep — how does it affect our health?"
Scientists say the average adult needs eight to 8.5 hours of sleep each night to function optimally, but the short-sleepers reported feeling great on a lifetime average of only 6.25 hours per night. And unlike most of us, who catch up on sleep whenever we take vacation, the mutation carriers stuck to their short sleep schedule even when they had no responsibilities.
But unfortunately for those of us who'd like more time in our day, the short-sleep mutation appears to be very rare. Out of 70 families in the UCSF sleep study database, only one carried the mutation. And Fu said she doesn't know how many people worldwide might be affected.
A commentary about the research, also in Science, calls the discovery "a starting point for studying the regulation of timing and organization of sleep." But because only two people with the mutation have been identified thus far, the authors said the research needs to be replicated in independent studies of other short-sleep individuals.
Fu agrees that more research on the mutation is needed. She's especially interested in understanding how the mutation decreases the need for sleep, and whether it might eventually be used to help others get by on less sleep.
"My fantasy is that as we understand more about how sleep quantitatively affects other health pathways, and we understand more about the mechanism of sleep and how it's regulated in terms of how much we need, someday we'd be able to modulate it in a safe way," Fu said. "So people could sleep less without it affecting their health."
Image: Flickr/supersarasw.
See Also:
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience, and on Facebook.
ARLINGTON - Jerry Jones said Thursday that he didn't want to get into too many questions about the upcoming season because the Dallas Cowboys owner is scheduled to kickoff training camp with a press conference Saturday in Oxnard, Calif.
But Jones did briefly assess where he thinks the team stands entering the 2013 season.
"I think we've taken some steps to go to the Super Bowl," Jones said before pausing a few seconds with a grin on his face. The Cowboys owner and general manager then chuckled and said: "If you want to do me a favor, don't put that last thing in there."
After the laughter died down, Jones got serious with his response.
"I think we've taken steps to improve our team," Jones said. "We are a better team, there's no question in my mind, than we were at this same time last year."
Follow Jon Machota on Twitter: @jonmachota
DALLAS – An October 28 rally at the Teachers Hall wrapped up a very successful early voting period. The president of the Alliance for Retired Americans, Barbara Easterling, came from Washington to introduce labor's own candidate for lieutenant governor, Linda Chavez-Thompson. Texas AFL-CIO President Becky Moeller, Financial Secretary John Patrick, and union leaders from all over north Texas came to honor their candidates and buckle down for the final five election days.
Easterling brought a letter pledging support to the Chavez-Thompson campaign. She talked about Chavez-Thompson's tenure as executive vice president of the AFL-CIO and the debt that all American working people owe her. President Moeller congratulated all the unionists on a record-smashing early voting period.
Estimates of early voter turnout ran as high as 200% over the last mid-term election in 2006. Houston claimed the turnout is as much as 300% higher. Unionists made personal visits to their members every weekend of the campaign and telephone banking occurred at least five nights per week. Every union member in key Dallas County areas received at least one visit and one phone call.
Chavez-Thompson gave a rousing talk in English, then began over again in Spanish for the television audience. She stressed the growing importance of Latino voters. Dr Elba Garcia, a candidate for county commissioner, also spoke in both languages, as did state representative Roberto Alonzo. Alonzo said that the population of Texas had increased by 4 million in the past ten years, with 3.2 million of them Spanish-speaking.
The big increase since the last census, Alonzo said, meant that Texas would gain four new seats in the U.S. House of Representatives. The party that would take most of those seats would be determined to a large extent by redistricting, which is dominated by the Texas House. Every speaker urged an enthusiastic final effort on election day.
Photo: Jim Lane Judy Bryant of AFT; Marty Alvarado, campaign manager and sister of Linda Chavez-Thompson, Linda Chavez-Thompson, Barbara Easterling of Alliance for Retired Americans; Gwen Dunivent, President of Dallas AFL-CIO; and Becky Moeller, President of the Texas AFL-CIO.
Posted Tuesday, May 30, 2017 2:22 pm
Federal government should purchase Sheep Mountain property, groups say
It's not often that you find Park County commissioners urging the federal government to buy up private land.
But there's an apparent overwhelming consensus that roughly 1,800 acres of land on top of Sheep Mountain west of Cody should be put in the hands of the U.S. Bureau of Land Management.
The toughest obstacle may be getting federal officials in Washington, D.C., to acquire the Sheep Mountain property amid limited budgets.
More than a dozen organizations, agencies and individuals — ranging from the Greater Yellowstone Coalition to the Park County Commission — have written letters supporting the local BLM's efforts to convince their leaders to make the land a priority.
“To have that in private ownership would be devastating. It really would,” County Commissioner Joe Tilden said last month.
Technically, the land is privately owned today, being held by The Nature Conservancy. But the nonprofit organization acquired the land with the intent of eventually transferring it to the federal government.
“We were afraid somebody was going to buy it and then shut off all access, and we just thought that would be a loss to the community,” said Katherine Thompson, The Nature Conservancy's northwest Wyoming program director.
Located west of the Buffalo Bill Reservoir — and landlocked by roughly 17,000 acres of other public lands — Sheep Mountain provides crucial winter range for many animals.
Bighorn sheep, elk, mule deer and other species all call the mountain home during the winter, traveling there from the North and South Forks of the Shoshone River and Yellowstone National Park. The land on Sheep Mountain is particularly important in hard, snowy winters like the one Park County just experienced, Thompson said.
“Just the way it's oriented and the way the wind hits it, it's often clear when the mountains around it are covered in snow,” she explained. “So it's a great winter refuge for wildlife.”
The property is also popular among people — as a place to hike, hunt and, for the Bales family, a place to graze cattle.
“It's kind of a hard hike, but it's relatively short, and you get on top of that mountain and it's just incredible,” Thompson said.
Local BLM leaders recently put Sheep Mountain's good looks to use during their effort to secure money from the federal Land and Water Conservation Fund. On May 4, a couple of BLM officials took their agency's lead staffer for the fund — Kathy Lawson of Washington, D.C. — on a horseback trip up the mountain.
Cody Field Office Manager Delissa Minnick said it was an important trip.
“She [Lawson] recognized the uniqueness of the parcel and the importance of it, which was great,” Minnick said.
Park County commissioner/private outfitter Lee Livingston helped guide the group to the site.
“Hopefully it will move forward,” Livingston said of a purchase. “It's getting a lot of support from different organizations.”
The BLM says it's received letters of support from the county commission, Wyoming Game and Fish Department, Shoshone National Forest, National Park Service, Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation, Greater Yellowstone Coalition, Wild Sheep Foundation, Wyoming Outdoor Council, Wyoming Wildlife Federation, Sportsmen for Fish and Wildlife, Shoshone Backcountry Horseman, Wyoming Audubon Society, Wyoming Native Plant Society, Wyoming Outfitters and Guides Association, Cody Country Outfitters and Guides Association and Arthur Middleton.
Livingston said he's heard that Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke even got some in-person lobbying on the Sheep Mountain property from Middleton — an assistant professor of wildlife ecology, management and policy at the University of California, Berkeley, and a research associate with the Wyoming Migration Initiative.
“Maybe the stars will align,” Livingston said.
When The Nature Conservancy initially acquired the 1,828 acres, it planned to trade the land for other BLM property. But after trying and trying, the organization concluded it would never be able to strike a deal, Thompson said. The BLM, she said, couldn't come up with enough land in this area that would make for an even swap for the Sheep Mountain property.
“Eventually they [the BLM] convinced us, ‘Would you please just try to sell it?'” Thompson said.
The discussions were put on hold for several years, as the BLM finished its new land use plan. The final document designated Sheep Mountain as an Area of Critical Environmental Concern and opened the door for it to be acquired with Land and Water Conservation Fund dollars.
Minnick thinks the local BLM's Sheep Mountain proposal will compete well with other applications seeking money from the fund.
Lawson, from the BLM's D.C. office, offered a few tips “on how to key in on the ‘buzzwords' or the hot topics right now as far as sportsmen's access,” Minnick said; Zinke has made access for hunters and anglers a part of his agenda as secretary.
Even if the application rises to the top, though, there's still the issue of finding enough federal money.
The Nature Conservancy guesses the land is worth somewhere between $1 and $2 million, and Thompson suspects it may take years for the government to amass all the funds.
“It's a lot of money,” she said, also noting that the Sheep Mountain property “is big; it's half of an entire mountain.”
The land won't be officially appraised and a fair market value determined until things are much closer to a sale, as appraisals are valid only for a limited period of time.
Thompson added that it may be hard to find property sales that are comparable to Sheep Mountain.
“There aren't very many of them,” she said. “And they don't sell very often.”
With GameSpot's Best of 2012 Awards and People's Choice still running, we figured it was appropriate to celebrate the music of 2012's games. Truth be told, we were blessed with a lot of genres of music this year: we had orchestras aplenty, electronica and house, ambiance and leit motifs, and dozens more that can work outside the context of the experiences they're tailored for.
Without further ado, here's 2012's finest in video game music.
Done with the video and have the sudden urge to buy the albums for your personal enjoyment and help give due to the talented folks who crafted them? Here are the album titles and the links to various online stores:
Diablo III Collector's Edition Soundtrack – iTunes
Gravity Daze Original Soundtrack (Gravity Rush)- Play Asia
The Last Story Original Soundtrack – Amazon
Journey Original Soundtrack – iTunes, Amazon
Skullgirls Original Soundtrack – Official Site
Ys: Foliage Ocean in Celceta Original Soundtrack - iTunes
Tekken Tag Tournament 2 Original Sound Track - Play-Asia
Max Payne 3 The Official Soundtrack - Rockstar
Fez Original Soundtrack - Disasterpeace website
The Secret World Original Soundtrack - iTunes, Amazon
Darksiders II Original Soundtrack - Sumthing Distribution
Hotline Miami - BandCamp , SoundCloud
Final Fantasy XIII-2 - Square Enix store
Double Dragon Neon - Jake Kaufman's BandCamp page
Dust: An Elysian Tail Original Soundtrack – Hyperduck Soundworks' BandCamp page
Endless Space Original Soundtrack – Comes free with the game via Steam
Mass Effect 3 Original Soundtrack - iTunes, Amazon
Hitman: Absolution – Not available at the moment
Max Anarchy Original Soundtrack (Anarchy Reigns) - Amazon
Hikari Shinwa: Palutena no Kagami Soundtrack (Kid Icarus: Uprising) - Wayo Shop
Dragon's Dogma Original Soundtrack - Sumthing Distribution
If you like what you hear, or wish to highlight other game soundtracks we missed out, do let us know on the comments box below.
Everyone Is Missing the Point About Sanctuary Cities
Instead, focus on 287(g) agreements.
Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning — great with coffee!
If we have learned anything in this first month of the Trump presidency, it's how malleable the term “sanctuary” can be, with respect to protections afforded undocumented immigrants. And given the frenetic pace of this administration, it can be hard to keep track of all the moving parts, and which ones could prove decisive in the debate over immigration policy.
Mayor Marty Walsh signed the Trust Act in 2014, prohibiting Boston police from detaining anyone based on their immigration status unless they have a criminal warrant. Still, Boston wasn't considered to be a full-blown “sanctuary city,” like Cambridge, which has long embraced the label. Just before announcing his mayoral bid, Councillor Tito Jackson suggested that Boston make the leap to full sanctuary status, though what this meant wasn't immediately clear.
Then the parlance shifted again, and Boston was a sanctuary city after all. Daily Show host Trevor Noah introduced Walsh as the mayor of one during his recent national media blitz, and Walsh has since made abundantly clear that he isn't worried about President Donald Trump's threat via executive order to strip federal funding from any city that does not cooperate with federal immigration enforcement efforts.
Mayor Joe Curtatone also made clear that Somerville, which has considered itself a sanctuary city for the last 30 years, is “not going to run away from our fellow man for a bucket of money.” The city has a Trust Act of its own, paired with Curtatone's 2014 executive order limiting its participation in Secure Communities, a federal program launched under President George W. Bush. Aimed at coordinating efforts between Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and local police, it allows officers to detain people for an additional 48 hours while their fingerprints, already in an immigration database, are flagged for ICE officials, who decide whether to begin removal processing.
“It can be anything you want it to be, which is a problem,” said Liza Ryan, organizing director at the Mass. Immigrant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition (MIRA), at a recent meeting of the Boston Democratic Socialists of America. “We don't want people who are threatened or afraid to feel like, ‘I'm going to run to this city, and Immigration and Customs Enforcement can't get me there. I'm safe.' Unfortunately, that's not true.”
“We can't stop the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement from coming anywhere. If they want to go in and detain and deport an eight-year-old out of their elementary school, they're allowed to do that,” Ryan said.
Besides, Trump's executive order threatens to strip federal funding from jurisdictions in violation of U.S. Code 1373, which prohibits governments from restricting in any way the flow of information to or from ICE. Under its Trust Act, Boston could argue, with precedent on its side, that it isn't refusing to comply with 1373; it simply doesn't have that information to give.
One way to avoid the shifting definitions of sanctuary status (for sanity's sake) lies not at the municipal level, where cities and towns can self-identify anywhere across a wide spectrum of enforcement, but at the county level, in the form of 287(g) agreements.
Named after the section of the U.S. Immigration and Nationality Act, 287(g) agreements between the federal government and counties deputize local police to help with immigration enforcement, allowing them to detain people for up to 48 hours after they're otherwise free to go. These agreements differ from the Secure Communities program by allowing local police to determine the immigration status of those who commit their first non-immigration crime—casting a wider net for removal.
“A 287g agreement is more, ‘We are going to do your job for you and help you round people up, or help identify people for you.' So that's more of an affirmative agreement between a state or locality with ICE,” says Mary Holper, director of the Immigration Clinic at Boston College Law School. “The true [area] where people can make a difference is going to the state, the locality, and just saying, ‘Don't do this. This is a bad idea, on lots of different levels.'”
Two counties in Massachusetts currently have 287(g) agreements: Plymouth and Bristol, whose Sheriff Thomas Hodgkins offered to ship inmates to the border to help build Trump's wall. (The Suffolk County Sheriff's Department did not respond to request for comment on whether it was mulling a 287(g) agreement of its own.) But opponents say local police shouldn't even be involved in determining immigration status.
“This is not our job, so it shouldn't be our money,” Ryan says. “The fact that we're even discussing it or the fact that the president is trying to take away resources from the state because they're not doing what [ICE] should be doing is silly. And also, it's not possible.”
According to Ryan, 287(g) agreements further expose municipalities to the liability of a potential breach of the Fourth Amendment, which protects against unwarranted search and seizure, just as Secure Communities had. Conversely, the federal government stands to violate the 10th Amendment, Holper says, by mandating how local law enforcement conducts its policing, a power vested in the state government.
“Not only are we putting ourselves at risk of being sued for violating people's rights if we embrace the 287(g) agreements,” Ryan says, “but we will also be paying to do the job of the federal government—while at the same time, making our local and state police forces less effective because they won't be able to engage in community policing because the communities that they police will be afraid of them.”
In response, state Sen. Jamie Eldridge, an Acton Democrat, has introduced the long-stalled Massachusetts Safe Communities Act, a sort of statewide Trust Act, which would not only forbid counties from entering into collaborative partnerships like 287(g) agreements, but prevent the establishment of a state Muslim registry as well.
Ryan called the bill “low-hanging fruit” for those who wish to combat Trump's immigration agenda, yet it faces a bumpy path forward. Both House Speaker Robert DeLeo and Gov. Charlie Baker have said they support municipalities making their own decisions on immigration.
“We need to bring this issue to the floor, allow our members to vote on this matter and then bring it before him so that he can then decide if he wants to veto it or not,” bill co-sponsor Rep. Juana Matias, a Lawrence Democrat, told WBUR's Bob Oakes. “What was very impressive about our legislation in the first month [of Trump's presidency] was that hundreds and hundreds of residents called their state representatives.”
Through a spokesperson, Walsh declined to take a stance either way on the Safe Communities Act. “Boston is and will continue to be a City that values and respects immigrants, and the Mayor will continue to stand strong with our immigrant community,” press secretary Nicole Caravella said in a statement.
In an interview Wednesday, Jackson offered full-throated endorsement of the bill, while outlining his proposal for a pilot legal defense fund for undocumented immigrants, similar to programs in place in New York, Chicago, and Los Angeles.
“It is the policy that keeps our neighborhoods and communities the safest. And the reason why is that we want people who have been harmed to be able to call the police, and know that they will not be deported,” Jackson says.
The term “sanctuary city” distills one component of the exceedingly complex debate over immigration policy into a convenient buzzword, and for this reason, it will likely remain part of the continued debate. But the final battles could very well play out on the state and county level.
Even here in Alabama, which has the highest prevalence of diabetes in the country, the rate of new cases has begun to taper. According to figures for 2013, the most recent available by state, 12.7 percent of Alabama's residents had the disease.
In the tiny town of Eutaw, Lynette Carpenter got serious about staving off diabetes around the time her cousin's leg was amputated because of the disease. She started to make a dish she called Sexy Pork Chops, involving a bell pepper, an onion and the oven. She weaned herself off Coca-Cola, going from about 50 cans a week to fewer than seven. And she started walking, leaving rubber bands in her mailbox to pull onto her arm — one for each mile walked — to remind her how many miles she had gone. The result made her doctor proud: She lost 42 pounds, and two years later has still not developed full-blown diabetes.
Diabetes “has got my respect and attention,” she said. “I take it real serious.”
Robin Williams, a music teacher in Birmingham, lost 33 pounds by cutting out candy, packing her lunch and not buying fast food during long bus trips to band practice, habits she learned in a Y.M.C.A. program on diabetes prevention. She started watching “My 600-lb Life,” a television show about people losing weight, with her teenage daughter. The show frightened her, as did her father's leg amputations two years ago. She is down to 222 pounds, and is determined to keep going.
“I want to see my child grow up,” Ms. Williams said. She uses an app on her phone to track her calories. “It made me much more conscious of what I was putting in my mouth.”
Diabetes has been particularly devastating here in what is known as the Black Belt, a strip of counties that originally got its name for its fertile soil. Its majority black populations were once slaves, and later, after the Civil War, they were sharecroppers. The area had some of the worst racial violence of the Jim Crow era, said Hasan Kwame Jeffries, an associate professor of history at Ohio State University, and today is among the poorest in the country.
“Black folk in the Black Belt have never not been living in poverty,” Professor Jeffries said. “It's not a cycle, it's linear. It's an unbroken line from slavery forward. And it's really critical for understanding why there's such a health crisis in these counties.”
TALLAHASSEE – An alcohol-fueled obscenity and racial slur-laced tirade have cost a Miami senator his job.
CBS Miami reports Republican Sen. Frank Artiles officially submitted his letter of resignation on Friday.
In his resignation letter Artiles wrote:
“I apologize to my family and friends and I apologize to all of my fellow Senators and lawmakers. To the people of my district and all of Miami-Dade, I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness.
My actions and my presence in government is now a distraction to my colleagues, the legislative process, and the citizens of our great State.
I am responsible and I am accountable and effective immediately, I am resigning from the Florida State Senate.”
In last 48 hours it became clear to @Artiles40 closest colleagues that he could not survive racist scandal and urged him to resign @CBSMiami — Jim DeFede (@DeFede) April 21, 2017
Initially @Artiles40 angrily refused to resign."His head's not in the right place," colleague told me. But reality finally sunk in @CBSMiami — Jim DeFede (@DeFede) April 21, 2017
Artiles was chastised for using a form of the “n-word” during an exchange with two African-American colleagues Monday night. It happened when he was out with fellow Senators Audrey Gibson from Jacksonville and Perry Thurston from Fort Lauderdale.
Gibson and Thurston said he used the “n-word” word while describing senators who supported Senate President Joe Negron's rise to power. He also reportedly called Gibson a “bitch.”
Artiles apologized on the Senate floor on Wednesday saying his intention in using those words were benign.
“I extend a heartfelt apology to my colleagues and all those I have offended,” said Artiles. “I am sorry for the words and the tone I used with you regretfully Monday night.”
The apology was not good enough for Democrats who rallied Thursday morning at Artile's empty district office on SW 128th Street. They called for him to resign from his position because it was “the only appropriate measure for an elected official who has deeply wounded the diverse community in his district.”
“What state senator or what elected official goes up there uses the “n-word,” calls people “bitches,” hits people at bars. He got a record of this. It ain't like he just started this. He's been doing this for years,” said protester Deltravis Williams.
In a second rally community leaders and residents from District 40, which Artiles represents, gathered at the Bethel Church to “share their disgust” over Artiles comments and “call for him to be held accountable for his reprehensible words and actions.”
Former state senator Dwight Bullard had that seat before Artiles. He was joined by pastors and community leaders in Richmond Heights in South West Miami-Dade.
“You called a sitting black woman in the Florida Senate the equivalent of a female dog,” said Bullard.
They vowed that if Artiles did not resign, they would prompt a recall vote.
Artiles has tried to explain his behavior as cultural, he's said that's the way people speak in Hialeah, where he grew up.
Republican Sen. Rene Garcia, who represents Hialeah also took offense.
“My constituents and I would agree that this language is simply unacceptable. Senator Artiles owes the residents of Hialeah an apology for unfairly associating them with this kind of behavior,” he said in a written statement.
To which, Senator Greg Evers, the Republican chairman of the Senate Criminal Justice Committee remarked: “Is bread and water considered kosher? Just a thought. Just a thought.”
Florida, a state with a substantial Jewish population and the third-largest prison system, stopped serving a religious diet to inmates in 2007, saying it cost too much and was unfair to other prisoners. Several inmates have challenged the move with little success. Last year, though, the United States Department of Justice sued Florida for violating a 2000 law intended to protect inmates' religious freedom. The federal judge in the case issued a temporary injunction in December, forcing the state to begin serving kosher meals by July until the issue is decided at trial. Florida is one of only 15 states that do not offer inmates a kosher diet systemwide.
Kosher food in prisons has long served as fodder for lawsuits around the country, with most courts coming down firmly on the side of inmates. As long as inmates say they hold a sincere belief in Judaism — a deeply forgiving standard — they are entitled to kosher meals, even if it takes a little chutzpah to make the request.
“Florida is an outlier,” said Eric Rassbach, deputy general counsel for the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, which has represented inmates around the country. “It's a holdout. I don't know why it's being a holdout. It is strange that Florida, of all places, is placing a special burden on Jewish inmates. It's just stubbornness.”
In Florida's prison system, which faces a $58 million deficit, money is the easy answer for the battle against kosher food. The cost of three kosher meals in Florida is $7 a day, a big jump from the $1.54 for standard meals, Mr. Crews said. In New York State, where 1,500 inmates out of about 56,000 keep kosher, the cost of a kosher meal is $5 a person. In California, where some prisons have kosher kitchens, the price tag is $8, and the meals are served to 0.7 percent of about 120,000 inmates.
In this day and age, veteran gamers hunger for a nostalgic experience in their video games. Whether the experience comes from remakes of classic games like Bionic Commando: Rearmed, or new games using a tried and true style of game play like Shadow Complex, nostalgia sells. Nostalgia for the Nintendo DS is the latter of the two. This game features an original storyline and has a couple features from RPGs of later generations, but overall it is gift wrapped in the classic turn-based RPG style. Since this old school style of game play is rarely seen today, fans will appreciate the throwback to the simpler days of “Attack – Skill – Defend – Item – Flee.”
One of the first things I found interesting about Nostalgia was the setting. Instead of making up a fantasy world, Nostalgia takes place in an alternate version of our world. The world map looks like a map of the Earth and you can visit famous cities such as London, Cairo and New York City. Some of these cities are large and make you really feel like you are in a city, while others are disappointingly small and cramped. The rest of the world map is home to various dungeons you will visit, mountains that conveniently impede your progress early on in the game, and many monsters that you will inevitably do battle with. The alternate Earth setting is a creative idea, but the absence of so many landmark cities of the world keeps it from coming alive.
Throughout most Nostalgia you follow the main character, Edward Brown. He is the son of the great adventurer Gilbert Brown, and when Gilbert goes missing, Eddie takes it upon himself to find him. The story starts out a little slow since at the beginning you are confined to London, but once you finish the initial tutorial missions and find the first of your three partners, you are given an airship and some freedom to explore. After a few hours, the story dives into very familiar territory. The main plot is to gather six tablets, which form the key to having absolute power, to prevent an enemy organization from taking over the world. Sound familiar?
In addition to the main story there are also plenty of side quests available. The first and most prominent set of side missions are the ones given to you by the Adventurer's Association. Throughout the game, they post missions that NPCs want completed. These range from collecting stuff to killing optional bosses. Most of these require backtracking to dungeons you have already been to, but they are a good way to disguise grinding, and the people that give you the quest usually pay you rather well. The other notable side quest is finding world treasures. These are iconic landmarks found throughout the world and when you fly over one, a scene occurs and a picture of the landmark you find appears. If you collect enough of these, the museum in London gives you rewards. These are completely optional, but most of the time they are fun and they add replay value to the game.
One thing that is not nostalgic about Nostalgia is the 3-D. Instead of going full circle and making this game 2-D with sprites, the developers chose to make the game 3-D, and considering the DS' graphical constraints, the game looks great. Most of the cities look unique and detailed, every weapon and airship part looks different and most of the monsters you encounter look pretty intimidating. There are some palate swaps with the monsters, but it's not overused. Also, each dungeon is unique and most of them are entertaining to explore.
Although there is no voice acting in Nostalgia, the soundtrack more than makes up for it. The music in the game sounds epic and it fits really well with the idea of adventuring to unfamiliar lands. The most notable themes are the ones for the cities you visit. Each city has its own unique theme and the themes fit the culture of the city itself. For example, London's theme sounds grand and regal, while New York City's theme sound jazzy and upbeat. This soundtrack ranks up with The World Ends With You as one of the best I've heard on the DS.
Even though there have been bits of nostalgia in the story and the lack of voice acting, the real nostalgia bomb hits when you experience the game play. The part that stands out the most is the combat. Instead of the enemies being on screen at all times, Nostalgia takes the random encounter route. Just about everything you remember from classic RPGs are in these battles. The only thing remotely modern about the combat system is the way the characters and enemies take turns. Instead of the battles being active time based, a column on the left shows which character or enemy is going to go next. This means there is no holding the L and R buttons to run. Also, the game grades you on how quickly you finished each battle at the end of it. The better the grade, the more experience you get. Thankfully, the encounter rate isn't too high and the random battles don't get annoying or difficult to manage.
In addition to the random battles on the ground, they also happen in the air. Since the airship is the only way to explore the world outside of cities and dungeons, everything from flying lizards to sky pirates in airships that dwarf yours will try to shoot you down. Each character on your team mans a different weapon on the airship, such as the machine guns or cannons. However, since your airship is only one target for multiple enemies, a little more strategy goes into these battles than the ground battles.
The difficulty in Nostalgia is like a roller coaster at times. After the first dungeon the game can get pretty challenging, but after you get your full party together the ground combat is pretty easy from then on. Airship battles are a different story. At certain points in the game you are permitted to fly to higher altitudes to get past obstacles and continue on with the story. When you are introduced to the higher altitudes you are introduced to new monsters that will probably wipe the floor with you until you get better equipment.
By killing enemies, you earn experience to level up your characters and skill points to level up their skills. Each character gets their own set of unique skills and by leveling those skills you improve their attack power or ability to benefit your party. Leveling your characters earns you the run of the mill stuff like stat boosts and HP and MP increases. The pace at which your characters gain levels is far enough apart to feel like you have achieved something significant, but not too far apart to make leveling a chore. Best of all, there is almost no need to grind for hours on end just to complete the next dungeon. As far as the airship goes, to “level” it you purchase new parts and weapons to increase its attack, defense and hit points.
The way you get the rest of your equipment is exactly what you would expect from a nostalgic RPG. You go to one town, buy the best of everything they have, and then find some better weapons or armor in the next dungeon. The only problem with this tried and true method is since you have an airship you have access to multiple towns at once, so you might buy the best equipment in one city, only to explore and find another city with better equipment and have no money to spend. Luckily, money usually isn't a problem and you come by it often enough to be able to afford most of the equipment you can purchase.
Overall, Nostalgia is a great combination of old and new. Things like the 3-D graphics, the soundtrack, and the addition of airship battles keeps things fresh while the rest of the game is a look back in time to RPGs of older generations. The world map is a little bland with only a few landmark cities, but most of those cities and the dungeons you visit are fairly large and fun to explore. The story is classic and you will probably be able to guess most of the twists before they happen, but when it is coupled with the turn based combat and dungeon crawling style of game play, it definitely gives players a truly nostalgic experience.
– — – — – — – — – –
This is disturbing.
Nearly one-in-four federal inmates in the US prison system is foreign-born costing the US more than $1.2 billion.
Lifezette reported:
Nearly a quarter of the inmates in federal prisons were born outside the United States, and more than half of those have final deportation orders, the Department of Justice said Tuesday.
The Justice Department published statistics on the prison population to comply with directives in President Donald Trump's January executive order overhauling the immigration system.
The foreign-born prison population as of March 25 totals 45,493, or 24 percent of all federal inmates. Of that group, 3,939 now are American citizens. That leaves 41,554 inmates who remain citizens of foreign countries. Some 22,541 of them, or 54.4 percent, have final orders to be deported when they complete their sentences. Another 33.4 percent, 13,886, are under investigation by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents for possible deportation.
“Illegal aliens who commit additional crimes in the United States are a threat to public safety and a burden on our criminal justice system,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a prepared statement. “This is why we must secure our borders through a wall and effective law enforcement, and we must strengthen cooperation between federal, state and local governments as we strive to fulfill our sacred duty of protecting and serving the American people.”
A small number of prisoners — 26, or .1 percent of all foreign-born inmates — have been granted asylum, while another 5,101 have been targeted by ICE for deportation but are fighting it.
Even after subtracting out foreign-born prisoners who now are U.S. citizens, the prison federal prison population still is about 22 percent immigrant.
Increased potential for perovskites as a material for solar cells
by Staff Writers
Golden CO (SPX) Nov 18, 2015
Scientists at the Energy Department's National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) have demonstrated a way to significantly increase the efficiency of perovskite solar cells by reducing the amount of energy lost to heat.
A paper on the discovery, "Observation of a hot-phonon bottleneck in lead-iodide perovskites," was published online this week in the journal Nature Photonics. The research also will appear in the January print edition of the journal.
Present-day photovoltaic cells can only effectively utilize about a third of the available energy, with another third lost to heat and the rest lost to other processes instead of being converted to electricity.
The NREL research determined that charge carriers created by absorbing sunlight by the perovskite cells encounter a bottleneck where phonons (heat carrying particles) that are emitted while the charge carriers cool cannot decay quickly enough.
Instead, the phonons re-heat the charge carriers, thereby drastically slowing the cooling process and allowing the carriers to retain much more of their initial energy for much longer periods of time. This potentially allows this extra energy to be tapped off in a hot-carrier solar cell.
Ye Yang is lead author of the paper. NREL colleagues David Ostrowski, Ryan France, Kai Zhu, Jao van de Lagemaat, Joey Luther and Matthew Beard also contributed to the research.
The theoretical limit of how much solar energy perovskite cells can convert to electricity if the hot-carriers are utilized could climb from about 33% to 66%. Additional research is needed, including tests on perovskites made from other materials.
Perovskites are a class of materials of enormous importance and have been proven valuable in various technologies from microelectronics to superconductors. Perovskites have only recently been demonstrated to be useful in solar applications.
Solar cells made from the perovskite material studied at NREL steadily increased their efficiency at converting sunlight to electricity from 3.8% in 2009 to more than 20% today.
This work was supported by the Solar Photochemistry Program of the Division of Chemical Sciences, Biosciences, and Geosciences at the Energy Department's Office of Science (Office of Basic Energy Sciences).
Mark Zuckerberg's Free Basics, the free but restrictive internet service that has run into trouble with Indian authorities, has picked up yet another opponent, the World Bank.
Its World Development Report released Wednesday called Free Basics, which is a part of Facebook's internet.org initiative, the “antithesis of net neutrality and a distortion of markets”.
The bank is not opposing Free Basics specifically, or its Indian rollout. It believes any attempt to throttle the net anywhere in the world, by any service, is a threat to fundamental human rights.
“The recent trend to develop services in which some basic content can be accessed free of data charges (such as Facebook's Free Basics or Internet. org), while other content is subject to data charges, would appear to be the antithesis of net neutrality and a distortion of markets,” the report said.
Titled World Development Report: Digital Dividends, it argues, broadly, while digital technologies have spread rapidly, the impact has not been felt equally and equitably.
“Net neutrality” is a concept that seeks equal access to the internet for all users, businesses and clients both, denying service providers the right to charge more for more.
Under Free Basics, which is available in 37 countries, users can access a basic range of internet services — including sites such as Wikipedia and AccuWeather on their mobile phones for free.
A part of Facebook's internet.org initiative, Free Basics was launched in India in 2015 with a few basic services. It was relaunched later with a larger bouquet of services.
But it was shut down last December as the Indian telecom regulator began looking into pricing rules that are expected to be announced later this month. Free Basics may stay, or go.
World Bank's opposition tracks closely with that of a large number of activists India — not conspiracy theorists — who fear Free Basics threatens basic rights to internet.
Zuckerberg, and his supporters, have defended the scheme, asking rhetorically, “Who wouldn't want free internet?” Even if, the argument goes, it came with limited access, limited services.
The World Bank, in this report co-authored by Indian economist Deepak Mishra, sides with those who tend to see this as a right as much in need of protection as any basic human right.
“An open and free internet is also a key contributing factor to innovation in the digital economy, making it critical to protect this openness,” the report said.
“Care should be taken to ensure that users have the greatest possible access to internet-based content, applications, and services of their choice, the report added.
It also pitched for a fair deal for service providers arguing for a “balance” to incentivize innovations “to build out and continuously improve networks and network capacity”.
First Published: Jan 14, 2016 11:18 IST
Sometimes, these things are taken from us too soon—the night snuffing the beautiful pinks of dusk, early cancellation of a favorite television series, someone commits the ultimate crime against cute by pulling a mini-goat video from the interwebs.
Once these things are gone, they're usually gone for good. But sometimes they get a second chance.
Case in point— French Toast Crunch!
The passionate fans of the once defunct breakfast cereal recently got the ultimate treat at the bottom of the box when General Mills re-released the sugary delight.
Yet, this doesn't seem fair. Why do only those who bow at the altar of French Toast Crunchism get to have all the fun? There are tons of other extinct nibbles and sip-friendly sodas of yesteryear we wish would be re-released. So, here is our list of 24 snacks and drinks we hope return to stores.
If you agree with us, make sure to SHARE this post with everyone you know who likes to eat. Or drink. Or do both!
USA Today has permanently severed ties with the longtime editor of its crossword puzzle, Timothy Parker, after allegations of plagiarism by Parker were investigated by FiveThirtyEight.
Neither USA Today nor any publication owned by its parent company, Gannett, will run puzzles edited by Parker, the company said on Monday. Parker, a 56-year-old crossword constructor and editor, began editing the USA Today Crossword 13 years ago this month.
A FiveThirtyEight investigation, published in March, explored the allegations of plagiarism against Parker by using a new online database of tens of thousands of puzzles. Some of Parker's puzzles appeared to replicate themes from The New York Times and elsewhere. There were also repeated instances of almost entirely replicated puzzles he himself had previously edited, which were often run again under fake names. After the investigation was published, Parker stepped aside while both USA Today and the syndicate Universal Uclick ran internal investigations. The newspaper and the syndicate say those investigations are now complete.
Late last month, Universal Uclick, a syndicator of puzzles and Parker's employer, announced that he would be allowed to return to work after a three-month leave of absence, and said processes and reviews had been put in place to ensure that all puzzles would be original from now on.
USA Today will still get its crossword puzzles from Universal, as it has for years, but neither it nor Gannett will publish any that are edited by Parker.
The news comes after a period of silence from USA Today, which had not commented publicly since early March on how it would handle the allegations. The silence was broken, it seems, because a reader asked whether Parker would continue to be involved in the crossword. The reader, Dan Feyer, a six-time American Crossword Puzzle Tournament champion, sent a message on Friday using the paper's online Reader Feedback form, expressing his hope that Parker would not be allowed to return as editor. Feyer received a response on Monday that was similar to the statement sent to me Monday by Amber Allman, a communications vice president at Gannett:
Crossword puzzle vendor Universal Uclick completed its internal investigation into allegations concerning duplication of prior work in crossword puzzles edited by Timothy Parker and issued its statement here. USA TODAY continues to take this matter very seriously. We conducted our own investigation and we are satisfied with how Universal Uclick has responded to the situation. Timothy Parker is not, nor ever has been, an employee of USA TODAY. No puzzles that appear in Gannett/USA TODAY NETWORK publications are being edited by Timothy Parker nor will they be edited by Timothy Parker in the future.
Feyer told me he decided to write to the paper after Mike Selinker, the president of Lone Shark Games, a game design studio, signed an open letter earlier this month announcing that his company would boycott USA Today and Universal, and inviting others to “stand with the puzzlemakers.” That letter led to the re-emergence of the #gridgate hashtag on Twitter (as the allegations had become known), and renewed interest in the scandal.
It's not yet clear who will be editing the USA Today Crossword on a permanent basis. Fred Piscop, who has been interim editor, told me that his position was temporary unless he was officially informed otherwise, and that there was nothing else he could tell me at this point. A call to Universal Uclick was not returned.
Read more: “A Plagiarism Scandal Is Unfolding In The Crossword World”
VIDEO: Oliver Roeder on the crossword scandal fallout
A Winnipeg Free Press article drew some attention on Twitter a couple weeks ago when Paul Wiecek wrote about Tyler Myers, calling him the Jets' top defenceman.
It's probably fair to say that most don't see Myers as Winnipeg's best blueliner. At least one – if not all three – of Dustin Byfuglien, Tobias Enstrom, and Jacob Trouba are likely better than the Jets' hulking, surprisingly-not-Slovakian defenceman.
But Wiecek's article speaks to an interesting divide in opinion on Myers' play. Winnipeg GM Kevin Cheveldayoff has some franchise-shaping decisions ahead of him with the Jets; trying to figure out what they have in Tyler Myers will be a big factor in the future of the Winnipeg blueline.
A Houston native, Myers has an unbelievably impressive set of physical tools. A move to Calgary at age ten pushed the already-tall Texan towards hockey: now 6'7 and 230 pounds, Myers has enviable size and reach for a defenceman.
Myers can skate, too, and not just for a big man – he has a quick first step and a good top speed. When you add in a dangerous wrist-shot and surprisingly slick hands, it's easy to understand why the Buffalo Sabres traded up to take Myers 12th overall in the 2008 Entry Draft.
So you have a huge defenceman who can skate and contribute on offence; in many ways, Myers sounds like the type of player you build a franchise around.
But Myers hasn't been the clear-cut top guy he looked like he might become in his Calder-winning rookie season. He hasn't come close to repeating that season's 48-point effort, and didn't turn into the minute-crushing shutdown defenceman the Sabres were hoping for.
Myers' last coach with the Sabres, Ted Nolan, was a big fan. But the fact that Tim Murray, one of the sharpest GMs in the league, chose to trade away their 24-year old blueliner, rather than include him in the Buffalo rebuild, speaks volumes.
THE NUMBERS
Modern statistics don't paint a great picture of Myers' game. As a rookie, he was a slightly negative possession player – for a teenager, still impressive. But he hasn't ever really taken the next step. On both all-time terrible Buffalo teams and good Winnipeg teams, Myers has struggled to move the needle for possession.
The takeaway from all the squiggly lines: Myers has generally had a negative impact on his team's shot (and goal) differentials when he's on the ice. There have been just two extended stretches in his career where Myers' teams have controlled play better with him on the ice than off.
Myers doesn't look great by war-on-ice's Wins Above Replacement statistic, either: he has been sub-replacement level for four years, and more than a full win below replacement for the past two seasons.
It's hard to imagine Myers as a below-replacement level or even below-average NHL defenceman. Some of the best-run teams in the league – the Kings and the Red Wings among them – pushed hard to acquire Myers when he was available last season.
One of the common refrains on the big defenceman last season was that his struggles were due to Buffalo's rebuild: that Myers was miscast as a number one d-man, and was getting little support from his teammates, but could excel as a second-pairing player on a better team.
AS A JET
Myers' move to Winnipeg, as a part of the Evander Kane trade, has given him a chance to be that second-pairing guy. His primary d partner has been the always-underrated Tobias Enstrom, and they've been given generous usage from Paul Maurice.
Visually, there has been a lot to like about Myers' game as a Jet. His skating can be a huge asset in getting the puck out of the Jets zone, and he makes some gorgeous plays on offence.
As a big guy, you expect him to be unleashing the clapper from the point, but most of Myers' goals have come from his wristshot. He's patient in setting up plays, and can pick his corners.
On defence, though, Myers can get the Jets into trouble with his decision-making on the breakout. He does great when skating the puck out of the Winnipeg zone himself, but when he moves the puck, the Jets end up pinned against the boards or turning the puck over too often.
Enstrom and Myers have benefited from regularly sharing the ice with the top line of Ladd, Little, and Wheeler, often in offensive situations, when the Jets are trailing.
Myers' stats haven't been terrible since coming to Winnipeg. The Jets have controlled just over 50% of shot attempts with Myers on the ice. That isn't bad in of itself, but given his usage, it isn't great either: almost all of his regular linemates post better shot differentials without Myers than with him.
The Myers-Enstrom pairing makes a lot of sense for the Jets. Tobias Enstrom is a steady, defensively responsible presence, and he allows Myers to play to his strengths in the Winnipeg zone. Similarly, Myers is able to freewheel offensively with Enstrom on his left.
Myers doesn't drive offensive shot rates, but has put up top-pairing level points per hour and goals per hour his whole career – there's more to his offence than just shot rates.
CLOSING THOUGHTS
Facing contract discussions with Jacob Trouba and Dustin Byfuglien, it's really important that the Jets try to figure out what type of player they have in Tyler Myers. If he's a number one guy, as Wiecek clearly believes, awesome.
But if he isn't – and I don't think he is – the Jets have some thinking to do. If Myers needs a strong partner to be a second-pairing defenceman, what happens if the Jets lose Byfuglien? Could Myers' trade value (widely reported to be very high when he was being shopped last season) be greater than his value to the Jets on the ice? Given the lack of movement in Travis Hamonic discussions, could the Islanders be more willing to take Myers in return for the Manitoba native?
The Jets are unlikely to seriously pursue a trade for Myers. His contract leaves the Jets on the hook for fewer actual dollars owed than his $5.5 million AAV cap hit, a huge boon for an internal-budget organization.
Beyond that, the previously mentioned WFP article included glowing quotes from coach Paul Maurice on Myers. Top to bottom, the organization seems to be a big fan of Tyler Myers.
So even if the organization sees Myers as a Jet long-term, or at least for the remaining three seasons on his contract, evaluating the big defenceman accurately is crucial. Letting Buff walk and leaving Trouba – Myers as the top two right-hand defencemen next season wouldn't likely go well for the Jets; at the very least, Chevy should be making sure the Jets can continue to support Myers with a strong d-partner.
Myers has some parts of his game that are legitimately top-pairing level. But his overall impact is washed out by some of the parts that… aren't. That's important to know, too. Figuring out what parts of Myers' game are dragging down his on-ice impact should help the coaching staff identify skills to work on.
There was an interesting quote from Myers about the progression of his game, again from Wiecek's piece:
“I've been very happy the last three or four years with how far my defensive game has come. And that's first and foremost for me,” Myers said Monday. “But now I have that exactly where I want it, it's allowed me to take a little more risk offensively.”
Myers is young, talented, and is on a great contract for the Jets organization. But he just isn't a number one defenceman, or a top-pairing guy. If Myers is going to be Jet long-term, hopefully he continues to improve his game and can translate all those tools into a better overall impact.
On Friday, I lost my $2,800 Apple MacBook Pro by following standard TSA security protocols at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX).
I look back on the series of events that led to the lost computer with incredulity, and although all of the TSA staff and LAX airport police were courteous, I am still without my computer and am unsure whether or not I will be reimbursed for my loss.
Here's what happened:
At 4:00pm on Friday, May 20, I was at the TSA security station at Delta Terminal 5, Lane 3. Per the standard (non-Pre) TSA process, I removed my 15.4” Apple MacBook Pro from my backpack and placed it in a bin. I removed my shoes and incidentals and placed them in a second bin. Behind me, I could hear a woman making a big scene because her “flight [was] at 4:15,” and her gigantic bag was clearly never going to fit on the airplane. She claimed multiple times that “the lady” told her she could bring it through security. At least 3 TSA agents were dealing with her as we moved closer to the X-Ray machine, and most of the people in the area were watching the altercation.
I arrived at the entrance to the X-Ray machine, pushed my 2 bags and 2 bins through, and stepped into the body scanner. When I stepped in, I realized that I had left my belt on, and went back to put it through the X-Ray machine. I almost always fly using TSA Precheck so I'm accustomed to not removing my belt (and computer), but this particular airplane ticket was booked by a conference, so I was in the normal line
The body scanner line wasn't long, so this put me 2-3 people between me and my original position. I emerged from the scanner without any problems, collected my 2 bags and incidentals, and proceeded into Terminal 5. After awhile, I looked into my backpack and realized that I didn't have my computer. My heart skipped a beat! I turned around and rushed to the security area. During the walk back, I was thinking that I didn't even remember seeing my computer on the belt when I collected my things, but I always assume that human memory is terrible, so I couldn't be positive.
I arrived at the security area, flagged down a TSA agent, and told her that I must have left my computer there, but that I didn't remember seeing it on the belt. She left to look around; I wanted for about 5 minutes and never saw her again. I flagged down a second agent, who started looking again. Someone brought over a computer in a bag, but it was a Windows machine in a black case—not mine. Mine was nowhere to be found.
We moved over to the camera footage station, and a nice agent began to review archived camera footage. After a few minutes, he found me coming through the security line, and sure enough, my computer was not with my bags when I retrieved my belongings. Moving further back in time, we watched as a TSA agent pulled my computer off of the belt as soon as it came out of the machine — there is an area where agents can remove things from the belt before passengers have access to belongings. He moved my computer to a holding area immediately behind the X-Ray machine.
And then, we watched as the computer was inspected, after which it was handed back… to a random woman. The woman took my computer and left the security area. Someone remembered that the woman had been with the other woman who had been making the scene, and that they had both been rushing to the 4:15pm flight, but I couldn't remember whether this was the case or not.
“She must have taken it while in a rush,” one of the agents said. OK, maybe. I was sort of speechless, disbelief pushing me past the point of anger, but I waited patiently for the next steps.
“We have to get the police involved.” 10 to 15 minutes later, 3 LAX airport officers showed up. By this point, it was already about 4:45pm — 45 minutes after my computer had been taken. The officers were courteous and professional. They were briefed, studied the security footage, and after identifying the woman who had taken my computer, they proceeded down the terminal to look for her, using the 4:15pm departure as a reference point (even though we were already 30 minutes after the supposed departure). I continued to wait.
After about half an hour, the officers were back, with no computer, and with no additional information. I was due to board my delayed flight at 5:40pm, and it was already about 5:20pm. I stood around for awhile longer, wondering what to do. Finally, I asked the police for an incident report.
“Well, we don't think there was a crime committed,” one of the officers said. “It looked like it was probably an accident.”
I replied, “Sure, it might have been an accident… but I still don't have my computer. If I need to file a claim, I'm going to need evidence.”
After a few rounds going back and forth, one of the officers finally gave me an incident number (the main officer I was dealing with clearly didn't want to do anything, since it “wasn't a crime.” After I received my incident number, one of the officers asked the TSA supervisor whether they could archive the camera footage.
“I think the footage is saved for 90 days,” the TSA supervisor said.
The officer turned to me. “Can you file your claim and have it all resolved within 90 days?”
Uh, maybe?
After getting my police incident number, I waited patiently for the TSA supervisor to do something, and after nothing happened, I asked, “How do I get a TSA incident number?”
He replied that he was going to file the claim, “probably tonight.”
I asked whether my personal information would be helpful as part of that process. Yes, he said, and finally took down all of my information, writing it on the back of a folded piece of paper. He directed me to file a claim at tsa.gov, and told me to reference the location (Lane 3, Terminal 5, LAX) and time (4:00pm), and that they would be able to match it up.
Again, maybe.
There wasn't much more I could do, so I left, boarded my flight, and arrived back in San Francisco missing a $2,800 computer. Luckily, I am meticulous about encryption and about backing up, so I don't think I lost any data nor gave anyone else access. I used “Find my iPhone” to trigger my computer to lock itself, make a sound, and display a message containing my contact information if it were to be connected to the Internet, but I wasn't feeling very good about the process because it can be hard for a layperson to connect a locked Apple computer to a network (assuming they were the honest and helpful type to begin with). I normally allow for Guests to login to my computers exactly for this scenario, but I didn't remember whether I had done this with my relatively-new MacBook Pro.
It's been 2.5 days, and my computer has not yet surfaced. I filed a claim with TSA, and am I waiting to see what happens. If they do not send me a check for replacement cost, I will be extremely upset. After following TSA security protocols, TSA gave my $2,800 computer away to another passenger whom they were unable or unwilling to identify and track down.
I'm wondering why more steps weren't taken to help me to get my belongings back. There is video evidence that they totally screwed up and gave my computer to the wrong passenger. No effort was made to associate my computer, which was right next to my bags, to the owner of the bags. After seeing the video showing them to be at fault, the LAX airport police didn't take the investigation seriously, stating instead that it “didn't look like there had been a crime committed.”
I should note again that all TSA staff and LAX airport police I corresponded with during this process were courteous. They didn't treat me poorly at any point in time, but in the end, I was still left without my computer.
I really hope that TSA takes full responsibility and writes me a check for giving my computer away. I also hope that they think about how to enact a better system for associating personal property with the right passenger. At some other airports, each bin has an ID number put into it, and an ID card is handed to the passenger who places his or her items into that bin.
TSA, please make this right. I'm standing by.
Update: The woman who has my computer just called! My name and contact information showed up on the login screen when she opened it. I'm so relieved. (No thanks to TSA, Delta Air Lines, or LAX airport police processes.)
She described the situation as soon as we connected by phone, and it matched what we saw in the security footage.
I hope the computer makes its way home.
About the author: Eric Cheng is an award-winning photographer, technologist, drone expert, and author based in San Francisco, California. He has served as Director of Aerial Imaging at DJI and Director or Photography at Lytro. You can learn more about him, see his work, and connect with him through his website, Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. This article was also published here.
Data-driven journalism, often shortened to "ddj", a term in use since 2009, is a journalistic process based on analyzing and filtering large data sets for the purpose of creating or elevating a news story. Many data-driven stories begin with newly available resources such as open source software, open access publishing and open data, while others are products of public records requests or leaked materials. This approach to journalism builds on older practices, most notably on computer-assisted reporting (CAR) a label used mainly in the US for decades. Other labels for partially similar approaches are "precision journalism", based on a book by Philipp Meyer,[1] published in 1972, where he advocated the use of techniques from social sciences in researching stories.
Data-driven journalism has a wider approach. At the core the process builds on the growing availability of open data that is freely available online and analyzed with open source tools.[2] Data-driven journalism strives to reach new levels of service for the public, helping the general public or specific groups or individuals to understand patterns and make decisions based on the findings. As such, data driven journalism might help to put journalists into a role relevant for society in a new way.
Since the introduction of the concept a number of media companies have created "data teams" which develop visualizations for newsrooms. Most notable are teams e.g. at Reuters,[3] Pro Publica,[4] and La Nacion (Argentina).[5] In Europe, The Guardian[6] and Berliner Morgenpost[7] have very productive teams, as well as public broadcasters.
As projects like the MP expense scandal (2009) and the 2013 release of the "offshore leaks" demonstrate, data-driven journalism can assume an investigative role, dealing with "not-so open" aka secret data on occasion.
The annual Data Journalism Awards[8] recognize outstanding reporting in the field of data journalism, and numerous Pulitzer Prizes in recent years have been awarded to data-driven storytelling, including the 2018 Pulitzer Prize in International Reporting[9] and the 2017 Pulitzer Prize in Public Service[10]
Definitions [ edit ]
The data-driven journalism process.
According to information architect and multimedia journalist Mirko Lorenz, data-driven journalism is primarily a workflow that consists of the following elements: digging deep into data by scraping, cleansing and structuring it, filtering by mining for specific information, visualizing and making a story.[11] This process can be extended to provide information results that cater to individual interests and the broader public.
Data journalism trainer and writer Paul Bradshaw describes the process of data-driven journalism in a similar manner: data must be found, which may require specialized skills like MySQL or Python, then interrogated, for which understanding of jargon and statistics is necessary, and finally visualized and mashed with the aid of open source tools.[12]
A more results-driven definition comes from data reporter and web strategist Henk van Ess (2012).[13] "Data-driven journalism enables reporters to tell untold stories, find new angles or complete stories via a workflow of finding, processing and presenting significant amounts of data (in any given form) with or without open source tools." Van Ess claims that some of the data-driven workflow leads to products that "are not in orbit with the laws of good story telling" because the result emphazes on showing the problem, not explaining the problem. "A good data driven production has different layers. It allows you to find personalized details that are only important for you, by drilling down to relevant details but also enables you to zoom out to get the big picture".
In 2013, Van Ess came with a shorter definition in [14] that doesn't involve visualisation per se:
"Datajournalism is journalism based on data that has to be processed first with tools before a relevant story is possible."
Reporting based on data [ edit ]
Telling stories based on the data is the primary goal. The findings from data can be transformed into any form of journalistic writing. Visualizations can be used to create a clear understanding of a complex situation. Furthermore, elements of storytelling can be used to illustrate what the findings actually mean, from the perspective of someone who is affected by a development. This connection between data and story can be viewed as a "new arc" trying to span the gap between developments that are relevant, but poorly understood, to a story that is verifiable, trustworthy, relevant and easy to remember.
Data quality [ edit ]
In many investigations the data that can be found might have omissions or is misleading. As one layer of data-driven journalism a critical examination of the data quality is important. In other cases the data might not be public or is not in the right format for further analysis, e.g. is only available in a PDF. Here the process of data-driven journalism can turn into stories about data quality or refusals to provide the data by institutions. As the practice as a whole is in early development steps, examinations of data sources, data sets, data quality and data format are therefore an equally important part of this work.
Data-driven journalism and the value of trust [ edit ]
Based on the perspective of looking deeper into facts and drivers of events, there is a suggested change in media strategies: In this view the idea is to move "from attention to trust". The creation of attention, which has been a pillar of media business models has lost its relevance because reports of new events are often faster distributed via new platforms such as Twitter than through traditional media channels. On the other hand, trust can be understood as a scarce resource. While distributing information is much easier and faster via the web, the abundance of offerings creates costs to verify and check the content of any story create an opportunity. The view to transform media companies into trusted data hubs has been described in an article cross-published in February 2011 on Owni.eu[15] and Nieman Lab.[16]
Process of data-driven journalism [ edit ]
The process to transform raw data into stories is akin to a refinement and transformation. The main goal is to extract information recipients can act upon. The task of a data journalist is to extract what is hidden. This approach can be applied to almost any context, such as finances, health, environment or other areas of public interest.
Inverted pyramid of data journalism [ edit ]
In 2011, Paul Bradshaw introduced a model, he called "The Inverted Pyramid of Data Journalism".
Steps of the process [ edit ]
In order to achieve this, the process should be split up into several steps. While the steps leading to results can differ, a basic distinction can be made by looking at six phases:
Find: Searching for data on the web Clean: Process to filter and transform data, preparation for visualization Visualize: Displaying the pattern, either as a static or animated visual Publish: Integrating the visuals, attaching data to stories Distribute: Enabling access on a variety of devices, such as the web, tablets and mobile Measure: Tracking usage of data stories over time and across the spectrum of uses.
Description of the steps [ edit ]
Finding data [ edit ]
Data can be obtained directly from governmental databases such as data.gov, data.gov.uk and World Bank Data API[17] but also by placing Freedom of Information requests to government agencies; some requests are made and aggregated on websites like the UK's What Do They Know. While there is a worldwide trend towards opening data, there are national differences as to what extent that information is freely available in usable formats. If the data is in a webpage, scrapers are used to generate a spreadsheet. Examples of scrapers are: Import.io, ScraperWiki, OutWit Hub and Needlebase (retired in 2012[18]). In other cases OCR software can be used to get data from PDFs.
Data can also be created by the public through crowd sourcing, as shown in March 2012 at the Datajournalism Conference in Hamburg by Henk van Ess.[19]
Cleaning data [ edit ]
Usually data is not in a format that is easy to visualize. Examples are that there are too many data points or that the rows and columns need to be sorted differently. Another issue is that once investigated many datasets need to be cleaned, structured and transformed. Various tools like Google Refine (open source), Data Wrangler and Google Spreadsheets[20] allow uploading, extracting or formatting data.
Visualizing data [ edit ]
To visualize data in the form of graphs and charts, applications such as Many Eyes or Tableau Public are available. Yahoo! Pipes and Open Heat Map[21] are examples of tools that enable the creation of maps based on data spreadsheets. The number of options and platforms is expanding. Some new offerings provide options to search, display and embed data, an example being Timetric.[22]
To create meaningful and relevant visualizations, journalists use a growing number of tools. There are byes now, several descriptions what to look for and how to do it. Most notable published articles are:
Joel Gunter: "#ijf11: Lessons in data journalism from the New York Times" [23]
Steve Myers: "Using Data Visualization as a Reporting Tool Can Reveal Story's Shape", including a link to a tutorial by Sarah Cohen[24]
As of 2011, the use of HTML 5 libraries using the canvas tag is gaining in popularity. There are numerous libraries enabling to graph data in a growing variety of forms. One example is RGraph.[25][26] As of 2011 there is a growing list of JavaScript libraries allowing to visualize data.[27]
Publishing data story [ edit ]
There are different options to publish data and visualizations. A basic approach is to attach the data to single stories, similar to embedding web videos. More advanced concepts allow creating single dossiers, e.g. to display a number of visualizations, articles and links to the data on one page. Often such specials have to be coded individually, as many Content Management Systems are designed to display single posts based on the date of publication.
Distributing data [ edit ]
Providing access to existing data is another phase, which is gaining importance. Think of the sites as "marketplaces" (commercial or not), where datasets can be found easily by others. Especially of the insights for an article where gained from Open Data, journalists should provide a link to the data they used for others to investigate (potentially starting another cycle of interrogation, leading to new insights).
Providing access to data and enabling groups to discuss what information could be extracted is the main idea behind Buzzdata,[28] a site using the concepts of social media such as sharing and following to create a community for data investigations.
Other platforms (which can be used both to gather or to distribute data):
Help Me Investigate (created by Paul Bradshaw) [29]
Timetric [30]
ScraperWiki[31]
Measuring the impact of data stories [ edit ]
A final step of the process is to measure how often a dataset or visualization is viewed.
In the context of data-driven journalism, the extent of such tracking, such as collecting user data or any other information that could be used for marketing reasons or other uses beyond the control of the user, should be viewed as problematic.[according to whom?] One newer, non-intrusive option to measure usage is a lightweight tracker called PixelPing. The tracker is the result of a project by ProPublica and DocumentCloud.[32] There is a corresponding service to collect the data. The software is open source and can be downloaded via GitHub.[33]
Examples [ edit ]
There is a growing list of examples how data-driven journalism can be applied:
The Guardian, one of the pioneering media companies in this space (see "Data journalism at the Guardian: what is it and how do we do it?"[34]), has compiled an extensive list of data stories, see: "All of our data journalism in one spreadsheet".[35]
Other prominent uses of data-driven journalism are related to the release by whistle-blower organization WikiLeaks of the Afghan War Diary, a compendium of 91,000 secret military reports covering the war in Afghanistan from 2004 to 2010.[36] Three global broadsheets, namely The Guardian, The New York Times and Der Spiegel, dedicated extensive sections[37][38][39] to the documents; The Guardian's reporting included an interactive map pointing out the type, location and casualties caused by 16,000 IED attacks,[40] The New York Times published a selection of reports that permits rolling over underlined text to reveal explanations of military terms,[41] while Der Spiegel provided hybrid visualizations (containing both graphs and maps) on topics like the number deaths related to insurgent bomb attacks.[42] For the Iraq War logs release, The Guardian used Google Fusion Tables to create an interactive map of every incident where someone died,[43] a technique it used again in the England riots of 2011.[44]
See also [ edit ]
One board member resigned and another was removed by four other members of the Bitcoin Foundation at yesterday's meeting.
“Jim and Olivier served as volunteers and we appreciate their time and work,” says Bobby Lee of BTCChina, Vice-Chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, in a statement published on the Foundation site. However, while “the first priority should be to have a board that interacts effectively and efficiently,” the discrepancies among the board members grew so high that the team could not carry on productive work.
The final point of disagreement was whether the Bitcoin Foundation should continue to function or be dissolved. Chairman Brock Pierce, Bobby Lee, Elizabeth Ploshay and Meyer Malka voted to preserve it. Harper and Janssens spoke in favour of dissolution, quoting as the reason the Foundation's lack of a more detailed plan for the future. After casting the votes, Harper resigned from the board and Janssens was removed by the four remaining members.
Speaking about the departure of Harper and Janssens, Lee stresses that “No one is right or wrong, we simply have different ideas. At the end of the day, we all care about Bitcoin and want to help it in whatever way possible.”
Olivier Janssens caused many controversies after becoming a member of the board of the Bitcoin Foundation in February 2015. Already in his election program he declared that Bitcoin Foundation was not transparent enough. In April he published an open letter claiming that the organisation was on the verge of bankruptcy and concealing it. The Foundation denounced Janssens' statement and said that it was not supported by any serious facts. Still, later, on 20 October, Brock Pierce admitted that the Foundation was “close to running out of money.”
Alexey Tereshchenko
Scientists have taken spectroscopic snapshots of nature's most mysterious relay race: the passage of extra protons from one water molecule to another during conductivity.
The finding represents a major benchmark in our knowledge of how water conducts a positive electrical charge, which is a fundamental mechanism found in biology and chemistry. The researchers, led by Yale chemistry professor Mark Johnson, report their discovery in the Dec. 1 edition of the journal Science.
For more than 200 years, scientists have speculated about the specific forces at work when electricity passes through water — a process known as the Grotthuss mechanism. It occurs in vision, for example, when light hits the eye's retina. It also turns up in the way fuel cells operate.
But the details have remained murky. In particular, scientists have sought an experimental way to follow the structural changes in the web of interconnected water molecules when an extra proton is transferred from one oxygen atom to another.
“The oxygen atoms don't need to move much at all,” Johnson said. “It is kind of like Newton's cradle, the child's toy with a line of steel balls, each one suspended by a string. If you lift one ball so that it strikes the line, only the end ball moves away, leaving the others unperturbed.”
Johnson's lab has spent years exploring the chemistry of water at the molecular level. Often, this is done with specially designed instruments built at Yale. Among the lab's many discoveries are innovative uses of electrospray ionization, which was developed by the late Yale Nobel laureate John Fenn.
Johnson and his team have developed ways to fast-freeze the chemical process so that transient structures can be isolated, revealing the contorted arrangements of atoms during a reaction. The practical uses for these methods range from the optimization of alternative energy technologies to the development of pharmaceuticals.
In the case of the proton relay race, previous attempts to capture the process hinged on using infrared color changes to see it. But the result always came out looking like a blurry photograph.
“In fact, it appeared that this blurring would be too severe to ever allow a compelling connection between color and structure,” Johnson said.
The answer, he found, was to work with only a few molecules of “heavy water” — water made of the deuterium isotope of hydrogen — and chill them to almost absolute zero. Suddenly, the images of the proton in motion were dramatically sharper.
“In essence, we uncovered a kind of Rosetta Stone that reveals the structural information encoded in color,” Johnson said. “We were able to reveal a sequence of concerted deformations, like the frames of a movie.” Johnson's lab was assisted by the experimental group of Knut Asmis at the University of Leipzig and the theory groups of Ken Jordan of the University of Pittsburgh and Anne McCoy of the University of Washington.
One area where this information will be useful is in understanding chemical processes that occur at the surface of water, Johnson noted. There is active debate among scientists regarding whether the surface of water is more or less acidic than the bulk of water. At present, there is no way to measure the surface pH of water.
The paper's first author is Conrad Wolke, a former Yale doctoral student in Johnson's lab. Co-authors of the paper are from the University of Chicago, Ohio State University, the University of Pittsburgh, the University of Washington, the University of Leipzig, and the Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society.
Financial support for the research came from the U.S. Department of Energy, the National Science Foundation, the Ohio Supercomputing Center, and the Collaborative Research Center of the German Research Foundation DFG.
Origin : Dominican Republic
Format : Double Robusto
Size : 6.25 x 47
Wrapper : African Cameroon
Binder : Dominican Republic
Filler : Dominican Republic
Hand-Made
Price : $3.80 each
More info about purchasing Arturo Fuente Flor Fina 8-5-8 cigars...
This review is submitted by jesseboston81 and is participating in our "Share your cheap smoke!" contest. To get a chance to win a box of cigars, you can submit yours here.
The Arturo Fuente Flor Fina 8-5-8 has always been one of my favorite go-to cheap smokes, primarily because it tastes like a cigar at least twice its price! The cigar I smoked for this review was no exception, and hopefully this review communicates everything I love about this smoke.
Pre-light: I enjoyed my most recent 8-5-8 in my backyard on a partly cloudy to overcast day with temperatures around 80F, humidity around 50%, and little to no wind. I paired this cigar with the classiest of all drink pairings--tap water. A pre-light inspection of the cigar reveals a smooth and slightly velvety wrapper with no tears or major veins, although the wrapper is dappled with sunspots as seen in the picture. The stick feels generally firm overall with only one slightly spongy part. The wrapper smells only of tobacco, with some additional floral and cedar notes at the foot. The foot itself appears to be somewhat loosely rolled, but it is no great cause for concern. I generally punch cheaper cigars in order to avoid draw issues due to loosely rolled filler, and this cigar is no exception. In fact, even with a punch the draw is just a tad too lose. The cold draw tastes of a light tobacco flavor with a touch of sweetness.
First third: Enough with the analysis; on to the smoke! I toasted the foot briefly and then lit her up. She jumped right to life, and the initial taste was rich, classic tobacco with some cedar and a creamy finish with a lingering honey sweetness. A retrohale reveals the Cameroon profile that I know and love: cream with a citrusy sweetness over a background of baking spice. The effects of the loose roll observed initially at the foot are now evident, and I'm forced to smoke slowly to avoid overheating. As the first third progresses the honey sweetness increases slightly, matching the other tastes perfectly as everything marries into the creamy, spicy, citrusy Cameroon profile draped on top of the core of tobacco and sweet cedar. The burn is generally straight with just a slight wave. The ash is slightly flaky and looks unstable, and it falls on its own at just a hair less than an inch.
Second third: As seen in the pictures above, the cigar began to experience burn problems not long after ashing itself. I corrected the uneven burn by purging, but that wreaked havoc on the ash. The flavors from the first third maintain until about halfway through the second third, at which point the cream, citrus, and baking spice begin to diminish while the cedar intensifies and is joined by some earth; the slight sweetness remains constant. The finish is wet or juicy with that same sweetness, and I swear I even catch a stray note of cocoa in the finish at one point! The ash is as flaky as a bad skin condition and it falls on its own again.
Final third: Moving into the final third, a touch of leather appears in the flavor profile with the cedar and earth. The sweetness remains constant and the overall feel increases noticeably in creaminess; this almost tastes like a different cigar than the one I started with, and both beginning and end have been so pleasant that it was like smoking two quality cigars! A faint bitterness appears so I begin purging after each puff. By the end, the profile is all creamy, sweet cedar and earth with a touch of leather and a hint of the citrus taste. The harshness and bitterness keeps increasing, so I let this one die with about an inch remaining.
Conclusion: The Arturo Fuente Flor Fina 8-5-8 remains one of my favorite cheap smokes. The taste is delicious and complex, providing a welcome change from beginning to end. The construction may not be 100%, but an uneven burn and a slightly loose draw are a small price to pay for a fine-tasting cheap smoke such as this!
A little over a year ago, then-Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,” until the country's leadership could “figure out what is going on.”
Along the campaign trail, he modified this blanket ban to a suspension of “immigration from terror-prone regions, where vetting cannot safely occur,” which he promised to enact during his first 100 days in office.
And now, a week into Trump's presidency, he has tried to make good on that promise—or, at least, partly so. A draft proposal of an executive order obtained by Bloomberg News reportedly shows that Trump is poised to suspend all entry to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries.
Notably missing from the blacklist, however, are several Muslim-majority countries where Trump has business dealings, according to Bloomberg.
The news organization has put together a map of the proposed suspensions, with the Muslim-majority countries where Trump has business interests—Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Azerbaijan—rendered in yellow.
Trump's immigration ban excludes countries with business ties https://t.co/XEcwMJaKht pic.twitter.com/nRNNmXscMZ — Bloomberg Politics (@bpolitics) January 26, 2017
While Muslim-majority countries such as Oman, Qatar, Kuwait, and others are not included on the list, the omission of Turkey and Egypt may be argued as being seen at odds with Trump's definition. Both Turkey and Egypt endured high-profile terror attacks in 2016.
The President has positions in two companies that may be related to business in Egypt, and has previously praised the country's autocratic leader, Abdel Fattah al-Sisi. In Turkey, Trump has a licensing deal to use his name on two luxury towers in Istanbul.
Origin of high-latitude auroras revealed
Cluster and Image during aurora observation Auroras are the most visible manifestation of the Sun's effect on Earth, but many aspects of these spectacular displays are still poorly understood. Thanks to ESA's Cluster and NASA's Image satellites working together, a particular type of very high-latitude aurora has now been explained. Although separated by some 150 million kilometres, the Sun and Earth are connected by the solar wind. This stream of plasma – electrically charged atomic particles – is launched by the Sun and travels across the Solar System, carrying its own magnetic field with it. Depending on how this ‘interplanetary magnetic field' is aligned with Earth's magnetic field when it arrives, there can be various results. At the point where the two fields meet, Earth's magnetic field points north. If the interplanetary field is pointing south, then ‘magnetic reconnection' can occur, where magnetic field lines pointing in opposite directions spontaneously break and reconnect with other nearby field lines.
Loading... Formation of a theta aurora Access the video This opens the door to solar wind plasma entering the magnetosphere – Earth's magnetic ‘bubble'. The ultimate result can be colourful displays in the night sky known as the Northern or Southern Lights, produced when the particles are channelled along Earth's magnetic field lines and strike atoms high in the atmosphere. The interaction with oxygen atoms results in a green or, more rarely, red glow in the night sky, while nitrogen atoms yield blue and purple colours. Normally, the main region for this impressive display is the ‘auroral oval', which lies at around 65–70 degrees north or south of the equator, encircling the polar caps.
Theta aurora as seen by NASA's Image satellite on 15 September 2005 But when the interplanetary magnetic field points northward, auroras can occur at even higher latitudes. One type is known as a ‘theta aurora' because seen from above it looks like the Greek letter theta – an oval with a line crossing through the centre. While the genesis of the auroral oval emissions is reasonably well understood, the origin of the theta aurora was unclear until now. A clue comes from the particles observed in the two ‘lobe' regions of the magnetosphere. The plasma in the lobes is normally cold, but previous observations suggested that theta auroras are linked with unusually hot lobe plasma, though quite how was unclear. “The possibilities have been debated since the first satellite observations of the phenomenon were made in the 1980s,” describes Robert Fear of the University of Southampton in the UK (formerly at the University of Leicester), and lead author of the paper reporting the results inSciencethis week. “Previously it was unclear whether this hot plasma was a result of direct solar wind entry through the lobes of the magnetosphere, or if the plasma is somehow related to the plasma sheet on the night side of Earth. “One idea is that the process of magnetic reconnection on the night side of Earth causes a build-up of ‘trapped' hot plasma in the higher latitude lobes.”
The mystery was finally solved by studying data collected simultaneously by the Cluster and Image satellites on 15 September 2005. While the four Cluster satellites were located in the southern hemisphere magnetic lobe, Image had a wide-field view of the southern hemisphere aurora. As one Cluster satellite observed uncharacteristically energetic plasma in the lobe, Image saw the ‘arc' of the theta aurora cross the magnetic footprint of Cluster. “We found that the energetic plasma signatures occur on high-latitude magnetic field lines that have been ‘closed' by the process of magnetic reconnection, which then causes the plasma to become relatively hot,” says Dr Fear. “Because the field lines are closed, the observations are incompatible with direct entry from the solar wind. By testing this and other predictions about the behaviour of the theta aurora, our observations provide strong evidence that the plasma trapping mechanism is responsible for the theta aurora.” “The study highlights the intriguing process that can occur in the magnetosphere when the interplanetary magnetic field of the solar wind points northwards,” adds Philippe Escoubet, ESA's Cluster project scientist. “This is the first time that the origin of the theta aurora phenomenon has been revealed, and it is thanks to localised measurements from Cluster combined with the wide-field view of Image that we can better understand another aspect of the Sun–Earth connection.” Notes for Editors “Direct observation of closed magnetic flux trapped in the high latitude magnetosphere” by R. Fear et al. is published inScience, 19 December 2014. ESA's Cluster consists of four satellites flying in formation around Earth. The data presented in this report were collected by Cluster-1. The Cluster mission was launched in 2000 and is still operating. NASA's Imager for Magnetopause-to-Aurora Global Exploration satellite was launched in 2000 and concluded operations at the end of 2005. The data presented in this report were collected by the satellite's far-ultraviolet Wideband Imaging Camera. For further information, please contact Markus Bauer
ESA Science and Robotic Exploration Communication Officer
Tel: +31 71 565 6799
Mobile: +31 61 594 3 954
Email: markus.bauer@esa.int Robert Fear
School of Physics & Astronomy
University of Southampton, UK
(research conducted while at the University of Leicester, UK)
Email: R.C.Fear@soton.ac.uk Phillipe Escoubet
ESA Cluster project scientist
Email: Philippe.Escoubet@esa.int Arnaud Masson
ESA Cluster deputy project scientist
Email: Arnaud.Masson@esa.int
I see what you are talking about Wilber. I cannot speak to a specific regulation, however with the wide veriaty of ways I have seen the jackets worn in period photos. I would hypothise that if there were they were not strictly followed. I do know that generally on military dress all buttons are supposed to be buttoned (at least in the modern Navy). Looking at the Generals choice of buttons to leave undone I would suspect a couple of reasons.a.) he contemplated going for the Napolean look in the photo,changed his mind forgiting to button it back.b.) The Jacket is a little snug on him and leaving every third button loose helps him breathc.) his accouterment straps etc pass along those areas and get snagged on those darned muffin top buttons; leaving them undone solves this.d.) He was wearing it open when he got there the photographer sugested closeing it for a more martial apperance; he hurridly and somewhat adjitatedly complied.Just a few thoughts.........
READER COMMENTS ON
"Real Conservatism Wins Again: CT Supreme Court Rules in Favor of Marriage Equality For All"
(10 Responses so far...)
COMMENT #1 [Permalink]
... Hoffwmn said on 10/10/2008 @ 11:57 am PT...
How does this article fit with the banner ad at the top of the page supporting Proposition 8 in California which would amend the state constitution to take the fundamental right to marry away from gay couples. It seems wholly disingenuous that you laud the Connecticut court's decision here and, at the same time, profit form the advocacy of the withdrawal of these same rights in California. I think it is time to pay attention to who is paying you to advertise on your space before your credibility is completely destroyed.
COMMENT #2 [Permalink]
... DES said on 10/10/2008 @ 12:26 pm PT...
Thanks for your input, Hoffwmn. There is no intended endorsement of any ad on this or any blog site you visit, nor should one ever be inferred or implied. This blog is offered as a free service to readers, who are not required to subscribe or contribute (although any contributions to defray the costs of offering this free service are greatly appreciated and reduce the need to rely on advertisers). The only way this, and most other independent media outlets can continue to operate is through advertising, especially in these difficult economic times. We assume that readers here are intelligent and responsible, and are fully competent to come to their own conclusions regarding the issues of the day.
COMMENT #3 [Permalink]
... woody, tokin librul said on 10/10/2008 @ 1:23 pm PT...
Gay marriage is now and always has been a straight-up, full-on, monster 14th Amendment slam dunk. There is no constitutionally acceptable way to grant the STATE benefits of "marriage" to so-called straight couples but deny it to same-sex couples. I don't thinik it was ever argued as a straight up 14th amendment issue, but it should have been...
COMMENT #4 [Permalink]
... Chris Burns said on 10/10/2008 @ 3:23 pm PT...
I think it would be more helpful to characterize this issue as a conflict between two interests, rather than the overly simplistic "discrimination v. equal rights" framing. It is a dishonest framing, because there is a very legitimate interest in the people to determine what kinds of relationships they will sanction with official status, and more importantly, subsidize and support. You've given up arguing why society should recognize and value homosexual unions, and instead have resorted to the discussion-killing claim that society has no right to decide this at all. The court's logic is therefore a sham - it rests on the thesis that the state cannot favor certain kinds of relationships (qualified by the gender of the parties in this case), and then proceeds to violate that very principle in limiting marriage to couples. The court took the people's "discriminatory" law, said no no no, and wrote its own (equally discriminatory, by its own logic) law. I generally think the left's thinking on social issues extraordinarily convoluted and in stark contrast to their generally sound economic principles and values. In fact, the left's economic platform (worthy) will fail to the extent that the left's social platform (destructive) succeeds. You are anti-democratic on social issues, just as the Republicans are anti-democratic on economics.
COMMENT #5 [Permalink]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/10/2008 @ 3:50 pm PT...
Nancy Hoffman "Hoffwmn" - As I replied to your previous comment, in another thread, on this same issue: Just so you know, I hadn't seen that ad, but it's likely one of the Google Ads that rotates in, that I have little control over. Some ads on the site here, I approve before they are seen, others, like that one, are rotated in from a network. In general, I only disapprove ads (those I have control over, anyway) when they are misleading propaganda of sorts. I've had to disapprove of ads even from folks I like on that basis. As to the Protect Marriage ad (which I haven't yet seen, as not all ads show in all places for all users here) I'll look out for it and see if it needs to be removed, and if I'm able to do so. For the record though, I don't disapprove comments based solely on content. Eg., if John McCain wanted to advertise here (even though it'd be a cold day in hell before I voted for him), I'd likely accept his money, as long as his ad wasn't deceptive. The same would be true for Obama (who I can't imagine voting for either!). Where I can, I try to keep a separation between ad and editorial here, and try to design the page so that it's very clear what is an ad, and what is actual content.
COMMENT #6 [Permalink]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/10/2008 @ 3:55 pm PT...
Chris Burns attempted to obfuscate with: "there is a very legitimate interest in the people to determine what kinds of relationships they will sanction with official status, and more importantly, subsidize and support." Sure. If they don't wish to sanction marriages for anybody, they don't have to. But they can't defy the Constitution which grants equal protection under the law. "You are anti-democratic on social issues, just as the Republicans are anti-democratic on economics." You may wish to review the U.S. Constitution, Chris, as we don't live in a strict democracy. There are certain things we can vote on, and certain things we can't. The Constitution supercedes all laws, and was written to protect the minority over the tyranny of the majority. If you wish to change the Constitution, have at it. I'll stand by it. Even if you won't.
COMMENT #7 [Permalink]
... DES said on 10/10/2008 @ 6:42 pm PT...
Chris, you said: there is a very legitimate interest in the people to determine what kinds of relationships they will sanction with official status, and more importantly, subsidize and support. So what is the state's compelling interest? Seriously. And where does this 'subsidizing' of relationships occur?
COMMENT #8 [Permalink]
... Chris Burns said on 10/12/2008 @ 12:11 am PT...
I'm not sure how my claim can be characterized as mere "obfuscation", as you say. It is a legitimate point (which I will here elaborate upon) that you ought to address in an intellectually straightforward way, rather than sling adjectives. As for the use of the "equal protection" clause of the 14th amendment, it along with the "substantive due process" aspect is quite possibly the most abused clause in the document. Honestly, following recent courts' leads, you can use it to justify almost any decision. Often it seems as if the court decides what it's going to do, then looks for a justification. Finding none in the text of the law or the constitution, they turn to the fourteenth amendment as a kind of constitutional swiss army knife. As a simple illustration of the left's unprincipled pick-and-choose strategy, witness the argument over affirmative action, where their absolutist reading of "equal protection" is carefully set aside. As for DES's comment, the compelling interest, of course, is to encourage (using the carrot of marriage and its attendant privileges and immunities) permanence in those relationships (heterosexual couples) that are overwhelmingly likely to produce children - both planned and unplanned. I'll take it for granted that you can see why well-structured families are important in the rearing of responsible well-adjusted citizens, and move on to the question of what harm is done here. It might even be too late, since we started screwing with marriage in the '50s with divorce law liberalization. Society appears to have forgotten what marriage is for - it has not been for the benefit of lovers, it has been for the benefit of children. That is its function. When we "open up" marriage to encompass relationships that cannot conceivably bear any relation to our reproductive capacity, then we legally and artificially sever the natural link between marriage and children, sex and procreation. Marriage now becomes something that exclusively serves the needs and desires of the spouses. It follows that once their needs/desires are no longer served by their marriage, the logical thing to do is allow it to dissolve in divorce, and its function for providing a stable environment for the next generation is lost. This is a problem because there is no other structure we have to fill that void. I won't bore you with the usual list of depressing statistics that illustrated the disadvantages piled up on children of divorced parents relative to their two-parented peers. Finally, if you don't find this argument compelling, that's fine, you can vote to loosen marriage, and I will vote to retain it. The use of the courts to muscle it onto the people from the top, however, is a tragic cop-out. The comparison I expect to hear in retort is with the civil rights court decisions of the 50's and 60's. The essential difference is clear: the discriminatory segregation laws in the south were historically rooted in racism and hatred, and clearly served no social purpose other than to preserve that racism and hatred. There was no social utility and it therefore was gratuitous and immoral (yes, that's right, morality in the public square). Here, as I've briefly summarized (and many state courts have elaborated on if you were to read the opinions), there is substantial utility rooted in history and culture. Marriage was never designed to be "discriminatory", only to serve a function that happens to be meaningless in the context of a homosexual relationship.
COMMENT #9 [Permalink]
... Agent 99 said on 10/12/2008 @ 2:50 am PT...
Yes, Chris, that horse is very long out of the barn already. Marriage isn't for anything but the whim of the married anymore. But homosexual couples can, and do, have children. Whether it is from a heterosexual past relationship, or a surrogate, or straight-up adoption, a very lot of them have children. By your own argument, they should be encouraged to marry. We have so many huge crises in front of us and on top of us, the crusade to try to lure, or drag, that horse back into the barn is just suicidally petty right now. When we're back off the brink of WWIII and have all the mitigations in place for the global warming problem and something like a remotely equitable society back, then we can sit down and hash out what the heck is the best way to deal with relationships and families. Really. Think about it. Are you nuts? Look around you.
COMMENT #10 [Permalink]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/12/2008 @ 7:09 pm PT...
A young researcher whose opinions on Syria were cited by both Senator McCain and Secretary of State John Kerry in congressional testimony last week has been fired from the Institute for the Study of War for allegedly faking her academic credentials.
The institute issued a statement on its website concerning the researcher, Elizabeth O'Bagy:
The Institute for the Study of War has learned and confirmed that, contrary to her representations, Ms. Elizabeth O'Bagy does not in fact have a Ph.D. degree from Georgetown University. ISW has accordingly terminated Ms. O'Bagy's employment, effective immediately.
O'Bagy and her op-ed drew scrutiny last week when the Wall Street Journal failed to disclose O'Bagy's ties to an advocacy group backing the Syrian opposition and lobbying the U.S. government to intervene in Syria. The Journal was forced to post a clarification that "in addition to her role at the Institute for the Study of War, Ms. O'Bagy is affiliated with the Syrian Emergency Task Force, a nonprofit operating as a 501(c)(3) pending IRS approval that subcontracts with the U.S. and British governments to provide aid to the Syrian opposition."
O'Bagy wrote in an email this Wednesday morning: "I was just fired from ISW and I'm no longer legally allowed to discuss my employment with them or affiliate it any way."
In an interview conducted before O'Bagy was fired from ISW, she rejected claims that her research was compromised by her affiliation to the advocacy group, the Syrian Emergency Task Force.
"My research is completely separate," she said. "Every journalist and every researcher goes into the conflict with their own background and their own ideas."
"Elizabeth is one of the best experts on Syria and her field work inside Syria along with her extensive networks on the ground makes her one of few people that can help inform policymakers on the reality on the ground," said Mouaz Moustafa, the executive director of the Syrian Emergency Task Force.
Kim Kagan, the founder and president of the Institute for the Study of War, says she learned yesterday that O'Bagy had misrepresented her academic credentials and terminated her employment immediately.
O'Bagy has a masters from Georgetown University and was was enrolled in a Ph.D program, but had not yet defended her dissertation, a detail Kagan says she discovered while conducting "due diligence" and double-checking O'Bagy's work following a flurry of media attention on the young researcher.
Kagan stressed that the termination was not related to O'Bagy's affiliation with SETF. "I had no problem with her affiliation, I approved it," Kagan said.
Despite O'Bagy's misrepresentation of her credentials, Kagan described her research as "rock solid" saying "the research stands, unfortunately, it stands alone."
The Football Association of Ireland has indicated that it would consider Jermaine Pennant's desire to play international football for the Republic of Ireland, if he should make contact. The 28-year-old Stoke City winger, who has represented England at Under-21 level, has admitted that he has given up hope of winning senior caps for the country of his birth and has said that he wants to turn to Ireland, for whom he believes he qualifies through a grandfather.
Pennant made his comments in an interview with the Stoke Sentinel. He said: "My grandad is Irish, so there's a chance I can play for them. I'm not getting any younger and I would like to play international football. And who's to say Ireland can't get to the next World Cup? If I could be a part of that, then it would be great.
"Of course, I would love to play for England, but it has never happened and I don't think it is going to. That's not because of my ability, but maybe misdemeanours in the past have put a halt to that coming about."
The Nottingham-born winger, whose former clubs include Arsenal, Birmingham City and Liverpool, was jailed in 2005 for a drink-driving offence. He has since rebuilt his career and is back in England after a spell with Real Zaragoza in Spain.
The Republic of Ireland manager, Giovanni Trapattoni, has worked hard to increase the depth of his squad and Stoke's Glenn Whelan, Marc Wilson and Jon Walters have been selected. However, the Italian has a strong group of wide midfielders already, with Damien Duff, Aiden McGeady, Liam Lawrence, Stephen Hunt, Keith Fahey and Andy Keogh having played there and the Everton youngster Seamus Coleman emerging.
Trapattoni's team will resume their Euro 2012 qualifying campaign at home to Macedonia later this month. Victories over Armenia and Andorra were followed by a defeat by Russia and a draw in Slovakia. The Irish are second in Group B, behind the Russians on goal difference. They finished behind the then world champions, Italy, in qualification for the 2010 World Cup and missed out on the finals in South Africa after a controversial play-off defeat by France.
It is with great excitement that we are very proud to announce our latest venture. It has been three years in the planning, with multiple trips and fact finding missions throughout the world, and we finally feel ready to announce:
Tellus3Zipty
It is a zip line that will traverse the skyscape of Lancaster and an attraction that we believe will bring up to 1-million tourists to Downtown Lancaster every year. Both the Brookings Institute and the Federal Aviation Administration have approved our plans. We've explored how other cities are doing this, and not a penny or a thought have been spared in making sure that we can safely deliver an incredible aerial experience.
The tour will start at the Griest building, leaving both east and west on King St. It will have stops at the Marriott rooftop bar, the new 26 East, Tellus360, and Annie Baileys heading east and it will go from the Griest to the old Bird's Nest followed by Prince St. Café heading West.
Once the original lines are installed, it is intended to add a bungee jump off the Griest building by the summer of 2016. This will only be operated on non-market days to ensure safety.
A major thank-you goes to the city for their willingness to work with us and to all the great locations that will have stops on the line. Tellus3Zipty is really excited with the possibilities that lie ahead.
As always thank you for your continued support, and see you in the air!
We've written about Gamergate's narrative resembling the 90's moral panic about comics. Most recently, the Gamergate narrative was being discussed at the Society Of Professional Journalists "ethics week," which is held once a year in Miami, but ended abruptly due to bomb threats. And while I have no skin in the game so to speak (pun intended, thank you very much) I do notice a similar one-sided narrative being perpetuated when it comes to music and earnings by musicians in the big tech world. And the same tendency to shut down any counter-opinion. In this case not by bomb threats but by simple ignorant bias.
Take this amazingly ill-researched and tone-deaf New York Times magazine article called The Creative Apocalypse That Wasn't in which one Steven Johnson insists that everything is just rosy when it comes to musicians earning a living. This is pure narrative, with zero truth to it, and it doesn't take a genius to understand that. One need only to look at facts presented by musicians with better and more honest statistics to understand that, no, musicians aren't raking it in. They're not even middle class any more.
David Byrne pointed out that from 2012-2013 music sales fell by 6.3%. That number has hardly gone up in the past few years with Beats and Tidal, let alone Spotify and Pandora continuing to dominate the market. People are choosing to listen for free, rather than buy. This is a fact. It not only hurts musicians, but record stores, record producing factories, and more. The idea that it's only big greedy record companies taking a hit is just plain stupid.
And while the Times article points out that sales of ticket to live performances have gone up, as usual it assumes this rise more than makes up for the loss of music sales. Which is mathematically impossible unless you are charging $150 dollars a ticket like some of the legacy acts (i.e. David Gilmour of Pink Floyd fame). A simple big picture view suggests correctly that the middle class is disappearing overall. Surely this would include the middle class musician as well.
Faulty math is one thing. But refusing to even consider the other side of the argument is outright tunnel vision. The Times article is myopic to the point of hilarity. Take for instance the fact that The Future Of Music Coalition served as a fact-checker on this article, and when they took issue with the article's premise, were ignored. They wrote a response debunking most of the statistics. But wait-- so did Salon and Flavorwire to name just a few.
When faced with skepticism at best from fact checkers, one would think the Times would want to have a second look. Instead they doubled down on the narrative, and got downright hostile when a musician questioned their statistics. But not just any musician. David Lowery, activist for the ethical treatment of musicians not only is in two bands, Cracker and Camper Van Beethoven, but he's also a Lecturer at UGA with a mathematics background. In other words, he isn't providing anecdotal evidence, but hard evidence.
So it's amazing to me that Greg Brock, Senior Editor for Standards, would take such a flippant tone to Mr Lowery's criticism of said Times article, when Lowery was refuting the faulty statistics. Brock's pompous tone is indicative of just how far journalism has sunk. How our quest for the truth has been swapped for narrative at all costs. And a narrative that other major outlets are calling bullshit on, I might add.
I oversee the the corrections The Times, along with other issues on standards. I was aware of your initial query that was sent to the public editor's office and then forwarded to us. Because of your continued complaints, I asked to see all of the correspondence and all of the research and documentation from the reporting. I agree with our researchers that no correction is warranted.
I'm sure this is a decision with which you will not agree. In fact, I could tell in reading your queries that you would never accept any explanation from us. Because of that, I see no reason to continue this. There will be no correction and this will be the only response from my office or from anyone else connected to the reporting and research.
It's all the more ironic considering how journalism is suffering the same fate as any other content creator. Last year the Times planned on eliminating 100 of its staff. I wonder how Mr. Brock would have felt had someone written a piece insisting that The Times is thriving and journalists are making more money than ever.
For those of you who watched the Windows Phone Summit yesterday, you know some exciting new features are headed to Windows Phone 7 users. The new start screen that adds several improvements including more screen real estate, more color options, and more tile sizes is what has users most excited, since that will comprise the Windows Phone 7.8 update.
The folks over at WMPU tweeted Nokia in an effort to glean when this update would be available for Lumia 900 users, since the handset launched only two months ago. A Nokia rep tweeted back to say that the update will be rolling out in the coming weeks. How many weeks? We don't know, but we'll be sure to keep you updated on which handsets will be getting the new update.
[via WMPU]
They will perform live and pick up the accolade at the London ceremony on February 17
Coldplay will receive the Godlike Genius Award at the NME Awards 2016 with Austin, Texas.
The band will pick up the award in person and also perform live at the ceremony on February 17 at O2 Academy, Brixton, London.
Coldplay, who recently released their seventh studio album ‘A Head Full of Dreams' and have sold 80 million records worldwide, will perform an exclusive set of their greatest hits to close the show.Tickets for the ceremony, held at London's O2 Academy Brixton on 17 February, are on sale now at NME.com/tickets.
Speaking of their win, Chris Martin said: “We're extremely grateful to the NME for giving us this award. It's a huge honour and it means everything to us as Coldplay would be nothing without the NME. Appearing in the magazine for the first time in 1998 – in the smallest font – was the biggest thing that ever happened to us, and their love and support changed our world. Thank you so much NME.”
Voting for the NME Awards 2016 with Austin, Texas has begun. To vote, head to www.nme.com/awardsvote.
Press
Meanwhile, Mike Williams, Editor-in-Chief of NME, adds: “Coldplay first attended the NME Awards over a decade ago, and since then have gone on to be the biggest band on the planet, so it's an honour to invite them back as this year's Godlike Genius. NME were there for the band right at the beginning – our early coverage was instrumental in setting them on their way – and we've had a thrilling relationship in the 15 years since. As Coldplay gears up for their biggest year yet – from the Superbowl to Wembley Stadium – it's fitting that they join the likes of The Cure, Dave Grohl, Blondie and Noel Gallagher in being named NME's Godlike Genius”
Sharethrough (Mobile)
The NME Awards 2016 With Austin, Texas take place next month with The Libertines, and Wolf Alice leading the list of nominees.
Following thousands of votes from NME readers, The Libertines and Wolf Alice have six nominations in total, including nods in the categories of ‘Best British Band, ‘Best Live Band' and ‘Best Track'.
Hot on both bands' heels are Foals, receiving four nods across the shortlist, including Best British Band, Best Live Band, Best Album and Best Track. The Maccabees, who are yet to add an NME Awards gong to their trophy set, are up for Best British Band, Best Live Band and Best Album supported by HMV.
The winners are decided by you – the fans – and voting is now open.
The NME Awards with Austin, Texas season kicks off on January 29 with NME Awards Tour 2016 with Austin, Texas. Headliners Bloc Party, Drenge, Rat Boy and Bugzy Malone will tour the UK. Tickets are available now.
Meanwhile, Crystal Castles will mark UK return at two NME Awards Shows with Austin, Texas. Other acts playing at London gigs throughout February include Suede, Swim Deep, Blossoms and King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard.
One of East Oakland's most popular taco trucks, Sinaloa, is opening its first brick and mortar restaurant in a surprise location: Berkeley near the Cal campus.
Per Sinaloa's Facebook, the new storefront will be located at 2384 Telegraph Avenue near Channing Street and it's expected to open its doors soon: as in later this month, according to a Facebook post by Telegraph Berkeley Improvement District.
(When reached by phone today, an employee at Sinaloa taco truck said it could even be as soon as next week.)
Sinaloa has won near universal love among Bay Area taco truck aficionados, nabbing frequent praise in the East Bay Express, scoring a 4.5-star Yelp score among more than 700 reviews, and recently being included in a Chronicle roundup of the region's 20 top food trucks.
Per The Chron's Jonathan Kaufman, Sinaloa owner Lupe Bueno had resisted a permanent building up to this point in favor of operating three taco trucks, two of which he stations on either end of a seated patio area at 2138 International Blvd. Sinaloa is known both for its classic meat tacos—suadero, lengua, and carnitas are favorites—as well as for its seafood, to which one truck's delightful logos are dedicated.
Tacos Sinaloa: 2384 Telegraph Avenue, Berkeley.
Say you're planning an nice night out on the town this week. Naturally—because we live in a mobile-obsessed age—you turn to the arsenal of apps on your phone for ideas. Fandango: “Maybe I'll watch a movie.” OpenTable: “Or make a reservation at a fancy restaurant.” Uber: “I'll definitely take a car to get there, since I'm treating myself.”
Would you think of going to the theater? Probably not, and that's precisely what Brian Fenty is on a mission to change. As the chairman and cofounder of TodayTix, which makes an eponymous mobile app that sells “week-of” theater tickets, Fenty wants to raise the profile of Broadway to a level of awareness that makes it top-of-mind as an option for last-minute entertainment among even the most oblivious millennials.
There's certainly a market opportunity. The global theater industry generates tens of billions of dollars in revenue each year. That puts theater in comparable territory to the global film industry, which according to the MPAA made $36.4 billion in revenue in 2014. Yet approximately twenty percent of tickets go unsold on Broadway, and about thirty percent go unsold in London's West End, TodayTix says.
Fenty, who has deep ties to the professional arts world, including working as one of Broadway's youngest producers when he was 23, has some ideas about why so many tickets are left on the table: an aging audience, high ticketing fees, and basically no big technological innovations to speak of. So in 2013, he and Merritt Baer, a friend and another Broadway enthusiast, got together and created TodayTix.
“What we're trying to do is be the theater app for the everyman,” Fenty tells WIRED. “If TodayTix can bring theater to a broader demographic, then we're accomplishing our goals.”
On Broadway
A year-and-a-half after TodayTix's launch in New York, Fenty says theatergoers buy one ticket per minute on the company's app. It has 425,000 users, he says, and offers more than forty Broadway and Off-Broadway shows in the Big Apple. Today, after a period of beta testing in London, the company is officially expanding into the famous West End theater district with tickets to more than forty West End shows at launch. Fenty says TodayTix's goal is to move into additional US cities by the end of 2015, including Chicago, San Francisco, and Washington, DC.
It's a smart gamble. In 2013, the Broadway League—the national trade association for the Broadway theater industry in New York—released a report that found mobile ticket purchases made up less than 1 percent of tickets sold on Broadway during the 2012-2013 season.
Meanwhile, mobile commerce is steadily on the rise as the smartphone becomes central to so many of our interactions in the outside world. In a new report, research outfit eMarketer estimates mobile commerce sales will near $77 billion in 2015, up 32.2 percent from 2014. And that number is projected to keep growing.
Bringing In New Audiences
The decision to make TodayTix a mobile-first app ties in with Fenty's aim to bring more bodies—especially a younger audience—into the theater. “You go into a show, and you see the gray hair and everything else,” Fenty says. “The theater hasn't been this mainstream cultural option.”
Fenty thinks a huge part of why theater hasn't been attracting these audiences is the complicated ticketing process. Right now, there are a slew of sites that purport to sell discounted tickets but, Fenty says they can be confusing. It's hard to tell if you're getting a broker who's charing you a high markup.
You could get a ticket directly from the box office, but that means already knowing what you want to see.
Closest to TodayTix's model is TKTS—the famed last-minute ticket booths in Times Square and elsewhere in New York—which Fenty calls “a great institution.”
“But you have to stand in the line in the sun, rain, or cold to get your tickets,” he says.
Skewing Young
According to the Broadway League, 40 percent of all theater tickets were purchased within the week of the show date in 2014, which made “week-of” a no-brainer for the TodayTix team. And they say it's catching on. The company says its average customer age is 32—twelve years younger than the average Broadway-goer. And these younger audiences are going to more shows, TodayTix says: its average customer is seeing six shows in a year, compared to the overall Broadway average of four shows.
“Theater is one of those amazing things where everything is immediate,” he says.
“The whole concept that when you see a show, an actor can forget a line, a costume could malfunction and the audience is different every night … there are few things in our world that you can engage with at that level.”
Even as Wicker Park transformed from a tough gangland into one of the hottest neighborhoods in Chicago, a stretch of Milwaukee Avenue just north of the Division Blue Line station remained an outlier.
While the surrounding commercial streets hop with upscale restaurants, trendy bars and all the trappings of yuppiedom, the 1200 and 1300 blocks of Milwaukee are defined more by their vacant storefronts, wig shops and old furniture stores — an abrupt gap in the action that can spur fun-seeking visitors to turn around or take another route.
Developer Josh Mintzer thinks that's about to change. His $6.2 million acquisition this year of several buildings on the corridor, including $3.75 million for a 30,000-square-foot storefront where Central Furniture operated for 65 years before moving out in July, is just one of several deals in recent years that suggest Wicker Park's relative dead zone is getting new life.
Though the retail bustle has been pushing south from Wicker Park's busy epicenter at the intersection of Milwaukee, North and Damen avenues for years, Mintzer, principal at Saxony Capital, believes the time is right for the neglected southeastern edge of the neighborhood to flourish.
One of the drivers, he believes, is the passage last year of the transit-oriented development ordinance, which permits developers to cut in half (or more, with city approval) the number of off-street parking spaces they must include in their residential projects as long as the buildings are within 600 feet of a transit station or within 1,200 feet of a street with a pedestrian designation. Normally, developers are required to build a 1-to-1 ratio of parking to housing, which costs them space and money.
The opening last year of the city's first transit-oriented development at 1611 W. Division St., directly across from the Division Blue Line "L" station and boasting 99 apartment units and zero parking, has been a catalyst for some of the recent activity in that section of the neighborhood, said Ald. Proco Joe Moreno, 1st.
Tribune Graphics, TRIBUNE Tribune Graphics, TRIBUNE
"It showed that people want to live there, develop there, and it spurred other developments," Moreno said.
LG Development Group has proposed a transit-oriented development that would replace a stretch at 1239 to 1253 N. Milwaukee — currently home to a Foot Locker, two vacant storefronts and a Bank of America — with a seven-story, 62-unit residential building with ground-floor retail, enlivening the spot with more residents and, as usually follows, more retailers.
Brian Goldberg, a partner at LG Development, which bought the properties from Centrum Partners last year for $3.35 million, anticipates restaurants or apparel retailers moving into the future storefronts.
"We're seeing a lot of growth and a lot of activity and the upstart of restaurants and a lot of retails," Goldberg said of his company's decision to buy the buildings.
Investments by other developers also are polishing the area's image.
The recent renovation of a string of storefronts by Centrum Partners at 1275 N. Milwaukee, which this year welcomed a Potbelly, Vitamin Shoppe, Pet Supplies Plus and, coming soon, a Sleepy's mattress store, is helping give the Milwaukee Avenue shopping corridor a southern anchor, Mintzer said. Those stores are part of what Centrum has rebranded Wicker Park Commons, a shopping center that includes Jewel, Kmart and an ample parking lot that Centrum bought in 2011, among several of its acquisitions in the neighborhood.
Though Pet Supplies Plus and Sleepy's may not exude the type of funky retail people like to associate with Wicker Park, such national retailers — and their parking lot — help attract customers who might not otherwise have come to the neighborhood, Mintzer said.
"The nationals bring newer bodies to an already existing corridor, but it's also important to keep an identity to the neighborhood," he said.
What that neighborhood identity looks like is, as with any gentrification story, a sensitive question.
Mintzer said he is close to signing a lease with a local restaurant group, hoping to bring a BYOB restaurant to 1310 N. Milwaukee, which was formerly occupied by Sunny Nails salon, and with a national company that wants to take the entire vacant Central Furniture space at 1348 N. Milwaukee.
Mintzer thinks other furniture stores will soon follow Central out of the neighborhood, making way for businesses that cater to the young hip crowds that have come to exemplify Wicker Park.
"It's just going to take one or two of these furniture stores to go for the others to hop on board," Mintzer said. "The real estate is worth more than the business."
But some furniture store owners who own or rent buildings on the strip said they don't plan on budging.
Majid Shehade, store manager at Hi-Style furniture at 1343 N. Milwaukee, which his father founded more than 40 years ago, said business is not as good as it was in the '80s and '90s, when some 20 furniture stores lined Milwaukee Avenue. But his family's store has adapted to the hipsters and young professionals who dominate the neighborhood, adding items with clean, modern lines to its traditional inventory of ornate and two-toned sofas. Long-standing customers who now live across the city and suburbs still travel to shop there, and his new young neighbors with small budgets like the affordable items, he said.
Several of Shehade's furniture peers have left over the years, replaced by trendier businesses.
The 65-year-old Central Furniture, whose old marquee sign still juts boldly over the sidewalk, was the most recent departure. The owners, who had been trying to sell the building for years when they got connected with Mintzer, moved the business to a new space at 4141 W. North. in Humboldt Park, attracted by the wider streets and better parking.
"Milwaukee street parking killed the business," said owner Ricardo Dasilva, not just because it was tough to find space, but because the surge in parking meter rates had made it prohibitively expensive.
Looking through his shop windows at the shuttered Central Furniture across the street, Shehade said he is optimistic his business can still thrive even as the gentrification pushes south. But if renting his building becomes more profitable than the business itself, he said he would consider it.
Though retail rents on Wicker Park's southern edge are rising, they are significantly lower than rents in the more established corridors of Wicker Park and Bucktown to the north, making it an attractive alternative for retailers that want to be in the neighborhood but are getting priced out as the core gets more upscale.
Retail rents in the 1200 and 1300 blocks of North Milwaukee Avenue are about $20 to $35 per square foot, compared with $30 to $50 range in the busier 1400 and 1500 blocks, said Ian Feinerman, a senior commercial broker at @properties.
By now, you must have noticed; Artificial Intelligence(AI) is a buzzword even outside of the tech industry. Dozens, maybe hundreds of startups globally, present themselves as AI. In other discussions, you might come across claims that humanity has not yet discovered AI. How can both of these claims be true?
Let's take a deeper dive into what AI actually means in 2017, the significance of related terms such as:
Narrow AI
Artificial General Intelligence(AGI)
Conscious AI.
Narrow AI and Automation
The majority of currently active Artificial Intelligence is actually Narrow AI. Narrow AI is usually software that is automating a traditionally human activity, and in most cases it outperforms humans in efficiency and endurance. For example, in the present day we can ask our smartphones about the weather and expect accurate predictions.
There is no hard and fast line where automation became Narrow AI; mechanical tools lead to computers and software development has leaded us to Narrow AI.
But now humans can do something Narrow AI can't; we can learn new tasks.
We can solve problems we have never encountered before, using comparisons and creative thought. Some aspects of human creativity are not even fully understood yet, which makes them difficult to program. This video of Two Amazon Echos chatting with each other demonstrates this limitation of Narrow AI.
Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) and Machine Learning
For Artificial Intelligence to have complex, nuanced conversations that can pass for human, it needs to be able to solve new problems on the spot. It needs to interpret accents it has never heard before, vocabulary through context, and create sentences it has never had to express before.
AI with the ability to solve new problems is not Narrow. It can solve any problem in general.
Thus, it is called General AI or Artificial General Intelligence.
Machine Learning is a term that has been around since 1959, and means Narrow AI can rewrite software in response to new data. There are various ways machine learning is already in use, such as recognizing abnormal credit card use to notify users of potential identity theft.
Academic work in fields like psychology, neuroscience and philosophy are studying the way humans learn to shed light on processes that will allow machine learning to imitate the human learning process. Reinforcement Learning, based on human behavioural psychology, allows a Narrow AI to teach itself through trial-and-error and has had some recent success.
Google Deep Mind has created an AI that can learn to play video games by teaching itself through machine learning. New advancements in AGI development are happening fast and many people consider a truly General AI to be right around the corner.
Another way to think about AGI is to consider it an approach to novel problem-solving through strategy. One of the biggest breakthroughs in Artificial General Intelligence was Deep Mind's Alpha Go, the algorithm that beat humanity's beat Go player.
Go is more complex than chess, with more possible board configurations than the total number of atoms in the visible universe. It would be impossible for AI to solve the problems in the game through brute force; Alpha Go taught itself strategies as it played.
Conscious AI, AKA True AI
Human consciousness is notoriously hard to define and explain. To create a consciousness that is software-based, humans would first need to understand consciousness. It is difficult to move toward a goal that is so unclearly defined.
Yet, most people assume this is the direction the technology is moving. To many people anything less than conscious AI is just very complex automation. Because of this controversy, those people might consider Conscious AI to be the only AI that should be called AI.
You might hear the term True AI. Some people think it is impossible, and until we can properly define consciousness that debate is far from settled.
Although no one has achieved self-aware AI yet, the race to be first has been compared to the nuclear arms race.
Some people, like Sam Harris or Elon Musk, have warned it could be dangerous because a consciousness with far more reliable memory and processing power is not something we can properly assess for safety.
Whether or not it is dangerous, the race to create Conscious AI is on. Google Deep Mind or Chinese search engine, Baidu, are both making headway on machine learning scenarios they claim will lead to Conscious AI.
The Redskins Original Americans Foundation donated $200,000 to the Indian National Finals Rodeo last year. (Photo11: Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports)
One of the nation's largest all-Native American sporting events has cut ties with a foundation started by Washington's NFL team.
In a letter sent to the Washington Redskins Original Americans Foundation (OAF) last week, the Indian National Finals Rodeo (INFR) declined to continue its largest sponsorship because of concerns over the team name and the division it was causing among its members.
“(A)fter much soul searching, we have decided that we cannot in good conscience accept resources from you on the terms you have offered, no matter how desperately we need it,” Bo Vocu, vice president of the INFR, wrote. “That is because, as you know, the resources you are offering are not truly philanthropic — they come with the expectation that we will support the racial slur that continues to promote your associated professional football team's name.”
That leaves the INFR facing a significant shortage before its largest event of the year. The $200,000 from the OAF represented its largest donation last year. Its budget is around $900,000 for this year's event.
Vocu said the INFR accepted a sponsorship initially because it thought its mission aligned with that of the Original Americans Foundation, which was started in March 2014 to help tribes.
Vocu said the INFR discussed concerns over the logo with the OAF and Gary Edwards, chief executive officer of the foundation, in a conference call last month. The OAF's signage at last year's event consisted of large white banners with the team logo, and the foundation donated team T-shirts and footballs with the logo and name to throw in the crowd.
He said OAF officials did not seem receptive to de-emphasizing the logo in its signage and offering more information on how it can help Native American communities.
Maury Lane, spokesman for the foundation, said it was in talks with the INFR to increase its funding and he did not know about any conversations to reduce the signage at the event.
Sam Bird, president of the INFR, said the organization had not been negotiating with the OAF since its unanimous vote on Aug. 21 to end the sponsorship.
Lane alleged the end of the partnership was because the INFR accepted a sponsorship from the Oneida Nation.
“We're thrilled that the Oneidas are funding projects like these that we have vetted and funded in the past,” he said in a statement. “Our common goal of bettering lives on Indian lands is a worthy one. We hope they will join us on many other types of projects like these in the future. Even better their investment today will allow us to fund many other projects that have long been in need of support.”
Bird, Vocu and representatives from Oneida tribes in New York and Wisconsin denied that any money had been given to the INFR contingent on it ending its relationship with the OAF or that any had been promised.
With the Indian National Finals Rodeo running Nov. 3-7 in Las Vegas, the organization is hoping to make up some of the ground in the next two months.
“Every year we start off at ground zero and we've got to raise this million-dollar budget, give or take a little, but when the day is over, we decided as a board that it's just not the route we want to take and we'll put our faith in other avenues,” said Vocu.
“We would rather keep our relationships with Indian Country than we would with the Redskins organization.”
The INFR hosts several events throughout the year and culminates in a final event featuring around 500 contestants competing for $40,000. All contractors, competitors and personnel are Native American, ensuring the money from the event remains within the community.
Vocu said the INFR heard from contestants, fans and other sponsors who were unhappy with the sponsorship last year.
“The main reason (for ending the sponsorship) is it was too much controversy among our members and our other sponsors,” said Bird. “Some people were for it, it didn't bother them to be sponsored by the Redskins, and some it offended very badly.”
In a joint statement, National Congress of American Indians executive director Jackie Pata and Oneida Nation representative Ray Halbritter said, “We applaud the organizers of the Indian National Finals Rodeo for having the moral courage and strength of conviction to turn away badly needed resources from the Washington football team's foundation. We only wish the team itself would demonstrate a fraction of that same willingness to put principle over profit and finally stop slurring people of color.”
That a tribe would decline to sponsor an event based on the sponsorship of the OAF is not unheard of. Last year, Notah Begay, a four-time winner on the PGA Tour who is Navajo, Isleta Pueblo and San Felipe Pueblo, spoke out against the foundation.
The Notah Begay III Foundation, which promotes healthy kids in American Indian communities, withdrew its support from a charity golf tournament in Arizona when it found out OAF was a title sponsor.
Bird said some tribes pulled sponsorship from last year's event, but he declined to name them.
The Government's national consultation document, which was published this morning, asks the public whether they “agree or disagree” with allowing homosexual couples to have civil weddings.
But it makes clear that, while the question is posed in principle, it is a matter of “how not whether” the change is introduced.
It also warns that the Government will take into account the various points raised in the consultation but “not the number of responses received”.
Lynne Featherstone, the Equalities Minister, said that the launch of the paper was a “hugely important step”, upholding principles of “family, society and personal freedoms”.
But opponents of the move immediately accused the Government of holding a “sham” consultation” in which opposition would be “ignored”.
In its first official statement on same-sex marriage, the Church of England committed itself to “the traditional understanding of the institution of marriage as being between one man and one woman”.
A carefully worded statement, drafted by the Archbishops Council, hinted that the question of marriage could undermine its position as the established church.
Announcing the four-month consultation, Miss Featherstone and the Home Secretary Theresa May said the Government committed to ending the ban on same-sex couples marrying in register offices.
“I believe that if a couple love each other and want to commit to a life together, they should have the option of a civil marriage, whatever their gender," said Miss Featherstone.
“Today is a hugely important step as we consider how to lift the ban on civil marriage for same-sex couples.
“This is about the underlying principles of family, society, and personal freedoms.
"Marriage is a celebration of love and should be open to everyone.”
Should gay marriage be allowed?
The document repeatedly underlines that the change would only affect civil marriage and that there would be an outright ban on same-sex marriage ceremonies in religious premises even if some denominations wanted them.
There are also provisions for the first time to allow transsexuals to have a sex change and stay married.
And homosexual couples in existing civil partnerships will be able to “convert” it to a marriage although the option of civil partnership will still exist for same-sex couples.
But plans to allow heterosexual couples who do not wish to get married to after into a civil partnership instead have been dropped.
The document sets out a string of technical matters which have yet to be resolved including what the legal definitions of “adultery” and “non-consummation” would be in homosexual divorce cases.
It also deals in detail with couples who previously had to divorce so that the husband or wife could have a sex change and then enter a civil partnership.
They would now be allowed to marry for a second time.
Labour's Yvette Cooper said that the proposals do not go far enough and called for religious groups to be able to host same-sex weddings if they wanted.
Quakers, Unitarians and the Reform and Liberal branches of Judaism have publicly voiced support for same-sex marriage.
But the Roman Catholic Church has argued for the status quo as a “natural institution”. Last weekend a letter signed by the Archbishop of Westminster, the Most Revd Vincent Nichols, was read out in all parishes, inviting members to voice their opposition during the consultation.
There are an estimated five millions Catholics in England and Wales includng more than a million churchgoers.
Although senior Church of England clerics have voiced views on both sides of the debate, the established Church has not formally commented as an organisation until today.
In a statement following the launch of the consultation, the CofE reaffirmed support for civil partnerships but said that it understood marriage as being “between one man and one woman”
“The issue of whether marriage should be redefined to include those of the same-sex is a more complicated picture than has been painted,” it said.
“Arguments that suggest 'religious marriage' is separate and different from 'civil marriage', and will not be affected by the proposed redefinition, misunderstand the legal nature of marriage in this country.
“They mistake the form of the ceremony for the institution itself.”
It adds: “Arguments that seek to treat 'religious marriage' as being a different institution fail to recognise the enduring place of the established church in providing marriages that have full state recognition. The Church of England will continue to argue against changing the definition of marriage, which has supported society for so long.”
Colin Hart, campaign director of the Coalition For Marriage, said: “After initially relenting and promising to include a question on the principle of introducing same-sex marriage it is clear from the written statement given to both Houses of Parliament by the Equalities Minister that she will simply ignore any answers to this question.
“I always thought that a consultation was about listening to people and asking them their views, before making a decision.
“Not only are they redefining the meaning of marriage, they're redefining the meaning of consultation.
“This consultation is a sham. It is being pushed through despite the public never having a say on this change.
“None of the main political parties proposed redefining marriage in their manifestos and the impact assessment misses out many of the possible problems that could occur if this institution is redefined, for example how this change will affect our schools.
“The institution of marriage is not the play thing of the state, it belongs to society and therefore cannot be redefined by a few politicians obsessed with appearing ‘trendy' and ‘progressive'.”
A spokesman for the Bishops' Conference said: “Our aim is, and has always been, to promote the institution of marriage and family as commonly understood, so it is alarming to note that children are not mentioned at any stage in this consultation document about marriage.
"We hope that this process is genuine and despite the ministers' insistence that the consultation is about how same-sex couples can be married, not on whether this should or should not happen, the government will take note of all responses.
"The ministers' insistence that this consultation is about how this change can be brought in rather than whether it should be would appear to be contradicted by the very first question which asks if people agree or disagree with enabling all couples, regardless of their gender to have a civil marriage ceremony.
“We do not believe a fundamental and radical change to the meaning, role and purpose of marriage is either desired by or desirable for the country as a whole. The ministers recognise in the document that the issues raised are of wider interest to everyone and we encourage everyone to think about the importance of marriage in society and to engage in this consultation process.”
Peter Tatchell, the human rights campaigner, said that the prohibition on heterosexual couples forming civil partnerships discrminated against straight couples and thta the limitations on churches conducting gay marriages was an atteck on religious freedom.
"This is not equality. It perpetuates discrimination," he said.
"Under government proposals, gay couples will have two options: a civil marriage or a civil partnership. Straight couples will only have the option of a civil marriage. Maintaining this discrimination against heterosexual partners is unacceptable.
He added: "The government has announced that it will maintain the ban on religious same-sex marriages, even if faith organisations wish to conduct them ... This is not only homophobic but also an attack on religious freedom.
"While no religious body should be forced to conduct same-sex marriages, those that want to conduct them should be free to do so."
Meanwhile Dr Dave Landrum, director of advocacy for the Evangelical Alliance said: “When is a consultation not a consultation? The Government's attempt to ignore public opinion about marriage has been a feature of their proposals from the outset ... Changes to marriage are wanted only by a small, political elite and a few activist groups. It is clear that there is no public appetite for it so politicians should keep their hands off marriage and listen to what the country wants.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 2, 2017, 12:10 PM GMT / Updated June 2, 2017, 4:37 PM GMT By Alexander Smith
LONDON — Vladimir Putin again denied that Russia interfered in last year's U.S. election, joking to NBC News' Megyn Kelly on Friday that even her "underage daughter" could have been behind the hacking.
The journalist asked the Russian president about what American intelligence agencies say is evidence that he became personally involved in a covert campaign to harm Hillary Clinton and benefit Donald Trump.
"IP addresses can be invented — a child can do that! Your underage daughter could do that. That is not proof," Putin replied.
He also said that U.S. accusations about Russia were reminiscent of "anti-Semitism and blaming the Jews," describing them as "disinformation."
Putin made the comments in a panel discussion moderated by Kelly at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. Later Friday, Kelly went one-on-one with Putin in a sit-down interview that will air on "Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly" this Sunday at 7 p.m. ET.
Putin dismissed the hacking allegations "idle prattle," "harmful" and issued his latest flat-out denial that Russia was behind the hacking.
"We didn't do this. Stop this!" he said.
Putin blamed the allegations on "internal political bickering."
He said: "There is no specific evidence, no facts, just assumptions, allegations and conclusions based on those allegations nothing more."
Russian President Vladimir Putin and NBC News' Megyn Kelly during the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday. Vladimir Smirnov / AP
Earlier at the forum on Thursday, Putin suggested for the first time that private "patriotic" hackers could be behind attacks on the world's democracies — but he still denied interfering in the U.S. election.
In Friday's wide-ranging question-and-answer session with Kelly, Putin also questioned Trump's call for NATO allies to increase their military spending. He asked: "If you're not intending to attack anybody, why increase your military spending?"
He added: "The U.S. demands from their allies to raise their spending and simultaneously says that NATO is not going to attack anybody."
Putin suggested that NATO was an outdated alliance.
"NATO was established as a Cold War instrument in the fight against the Soviet Union ... there is no longer any ... Soviet Union but NATO is still there. The question is, what for?" he asked.
Related: Why Trump's Silence on NATO Article 5 Is a Big Deal
"NATO has already been talking about transformation … into a political organization, as the kind of organization that creates the elements of stability in the world," Putin said. He added, however, that "so far we are seeing the way the military infrastructure is expanding and heading towards our borders."
The Russian leader suggested the alliance's continued existence could be explained because it was merely an "instrument of U.S. foreign policy."
Trump has been pressing his 27 NATO allies to up their military spending to the 2 percent of GDP recommended by the alliance — a threshold only a handful of them meet. He has gone further than his predecessors and shocked Western foreign policy analysts by hinting that he may withhold America's decades-long protection if these targets are not met.
Putin's sky-high domestic popularity is built on his self-styled image as a man who can restore Russia to its former glory. He sees NATO as a Western encroachment on Russia's borders.
Kelly said the interview would be "the first time he has sat down with an American journalist since the appointment of a special counsel to look into allegations of Russian interference in our election."
The exclusive interview will air on "Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly" this Sunday at 7 p.m. ET.
Alexander Smith and Eoghan Macguire reported from London.
(Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images)
Surveillance technology provides a vital shield
against terrorism, and cheap modern electronics make it easy to fill the city streets with closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras. New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg recently toured London's ring of cameras, seeking information on how to bring it to the Big Apple to thwart terrorist attacks. But unless the feeds from those cameras are constantly monitored, they only provide an illusion of security. Finding enough eyeballs to watch thousands of screens simply isn't practical, yet modern automated systems can fill the gap with a surprising degree of intelligence.
The Automated Warning and Response Engine (AWARE) from Abeo Technical Services is one such system. It replaces the traditional banks of screens with a single view, combining the images from many cameras to give a picture across the entire area under surveillance. It makes it possible to zoom in to a single room, or zoom out to a bird's-eye view. And instead of relying on humans to scan for potential threats, the software will actually analyze the video itself.
The Times Square Example
Let's look at how this type of system would deal with an event like the failed car-bomb attack in Times Square: The vehicle involved was parked in a No Parking area, the emergency warning flashers were going, and smoke was pouring out of it. All of these were potential warning signs. If the system issued an alert every time a car was parked illegally, there would be a lot of false alarms. But AWARE can cross-check all illegally parked cars without human intervention.
"Should a vehicle be detected parked illegally, AWARE would aim a local camera at the license plate, and License Plate Recognition software would interpret the number," says Robert Allen of AbeoTS. "AWARE would submit the data to the appropriate DMV and the result would be analyzed for threat potential. In the Times Square incident, this would have triggered a threat as the license plate did not match the vehicle."
AWARE can detect other anomalies such as flashing lights and smoke. Any event or combination of events can be set to trigger an alert. The system is not limited to video cameras but can be networked to other sensors. These can be anything from radar motion sensors to explosives sniffers or radiation detectors. And just as it can link to license plate recognition, the system can plug into facial-recognition systems or even iris recognition if suitable image databases are available.
Having detected an anomaly, AWARE uses all available resources. This would typically involve recruiting other sensors, such as PTZ (pan, tilt, zoom) cameras which can get a more detailed look and confirm what was happening. The software is trained to recognise common events which might be mistaken for threats to cut down on false alarms.
If the threat is determined to be real, the system moves on to the next stage, sending out alerts to responders' cellphones, radio, pagers and other receivers. It can follow this with further updates if the event escalates. With this sort of setup, the responder's role is shifted from being just a screen-watcher to being a decision maker, whether this is a false alarm or time to start calling out the emergency services.
Camera imagery can then be sent to smartphones, PCs or tablets. Any HTML-capable device can view everything that could be seen in the control center. It also means that a responder can be moving around with an iPhone rather than stuck in the control center.
But Is AWARE Better Than Human?
How good is AWARE at spotting threats? The company says that when it is set up correctly, the software "has a higher probability of detection than a human observer." Allen accepts that it's a bold claim, but says that it's largely a matter of arithmetic. At a big site, even in a control room "wallpapered with monitors," there are only enough screens for a tiny fraction of the hundreds of cameras in place. And those dozens of monitors will only be assigned three or four human watchers, whose rate of spotting threats will be correspondingly low.
Much of AWARE's current workload involves areas with a high volume of pedestrian traffic such as airports. The automated overwatch comes into its own when it has to keep an eye out across multiple cameras for possible threats, such as unattended objects. "The application's rules processor is looking for articles which are stationary in locations where there should be no unattended articles which are stationary for certain periods, typically minutes," Allen says. "The technology also monitors camera systems for persons suddenly in the prone position which might indicate an accident or an assault."
Two other popular features are being able to watch for unusual crowding in an area, and a "follow me" capability which allows individuals to be tracked as they move from the field of view of one camera to another. This would be used to follow anyone who, for example, came the wrong way through an exit-only door, though Allen says in practice offenders tend to be apprehended before they get very far.
These features amount to a substantial automated surveillance capability, making it possible to protect much larger areas than human observers can manage.
And as processors get more powerful, cameras gain in resolution and algorithms get smarter, this type of system will continue to get even better. When you next look up at a security camera, there could be only a machine staring back.
Fandom's a unique thing. It bonds people like nothing else. Some people start clubs over their shared interest. Others direct their creative energy toward projects like cosplay. Three Wisconsin people decided to do a blood ritual after another “Juggalo” (read: fan) for the Insane Clown Posse had passed away.
24-year-old Jonathan Schrap was sentenced on Friday to three-and-a-half years in prison for one court of reckless injury, WBAY reports. He will also serve four-and-a-half years on extended supervision, and probation.
The case made no sense to Judge John P. Zakowski.
“Where do you go with this?” he said. “How can this happen? How can this even happen in Green Bay?”
Court documents said the mutilation happened August 27 of last year. Schrap, Preston Hyde, and 27-year-old Shelby Neuens were mourning the death of another Juggalo. So naturally, Neuens let Schrap cut her arm, and drank her blood out of a shot glass, according to the allegation.
Somehow, the conversation transitioned to maybe cutting off a person's finger. Neuens, who reportedly claimed she wasn't on any substance, allegedly volunteered. Schrap cut off her pinky in two strikes with a machete, then put it in a freezer to eat it later.
They attempted to stop her bleeding with a car cigarette lighter, then a blowtorch. Neuens showed up to a hospital for treatment, and staff reported her injury to the police.
Hyde was charged with second-degree reckless injury, and mayhem.
[Screengrab via WBAY]
DATE: Oct 28, 2013 | BY: Nick Venable | Category: Sci-Fi In Real Life
With all the healthcare hullabaloo taking over the public consciousness as of late, people are in dire need of more easily accessible personal medical testing. And there's no better place to look for potential future tech than Star Trek, that bastion of advanced concepts. Illinois resident Howard Leventhal, 56, recently claimed he'd created a device similar to the all-in-one tricorder used in the classic series, but instead of actually showing anyone the product or what he said it could do, he blindly milked a ton of money out of investors before getting caught by an undercover agent posing as another potential buyer. Too bad he didn't have a mocked-up Enterprise to allow himself a hasty getaway.
Last year, Leventhal contacted executives at the Fort Lauderdale company Paragon Financial Group, Inc. claiming that he was owed upwards of $4 million from Health Canada, saying the agency had previously agreed to buy his “McCoy Home Health Tablet” device that he'd created through his company Neovision USA. The product was described as such in a document Leventhal provided: “Heltheo's McCoy Home Health Tablet, named after the fictional Dr. Leonard McCoy of TV's Star Trek series, is designed as a platform to maximize the patient benefits through broadband-augmented in-home telemedicine.” It doesn't quite sound too good to be true, but rather too bullshitty to be real.
But Leventhal then produced a contract between the Canadian government and Neovision for $8.4 million CAD, on which was the signature of Deputy Health Minister Glenda Yeates. All quite kosher, right? It seemed to be so legitimate that Paragon actually sent Leventhal $800,000 to fund production of his device. But instead of taking the money and running, or perhaps actually creating the device, Leventhal pushed his greed forward and attempted to secure another $2.5 million from another “buyer,” sending that person all of the forged paperwork and made-up financial statements. That was a terrible move, as it ended up being an undercover U.S. federal agent. One has to wonder just how many people Leventhal thought his miracle device would fool.
Leventhal was then arrested for fraud, later released on a $100,000 bond. He's now required to attend an October 30th hearing in Brooklyn, though his court-appointed attorney Gary Adair stated the charges will be contested. Not quite sure how that defense will work, but he should probably avoid wearing a red shirt to the hearing.
Stories about working tricorders have come up fairly regularly over the last couple of years, with a huge $10 million prize for anyone who can actually create one. Should one ever come to exist, I'm guessing it'll have a more detailed description than “broadband-augmented in-home telemedicine.” If laughter really is the best medicine, then this guy's story will probably heal more people than his health tablet would have.
Take a peek at one of the latest claims below.
You know Wayne Brady as an actor and comedian who's been cracking up people on shows like Who's Line Is It Anyway? for years. Or you might know him for his legendary guest appearance on Chappelle's Show.
Brady, who currently hosts the rebooted Let's Make a Deal on CBS, sat down with For the Win at Gladstone's Restaurant in Malibu to talk about the NFL, his fear of the Seahawks defense, and his picks for this week's games.
If you were to do improv with anyone in the NFL, who would it be?
I'd have to go with Peyton [Manning.] Peyton looks like he has a really great sense of humor. Peyton always looks like the kid who's like [makes goofy laughing noises]. That's what looks like is coming out of Peyton Manning's mouth. Not that I think he's unintelligent, because I think he's a really great tactician and very smart, but he's just got that sense about him that's like [more goofy laughing noises] duh huh I'm Peyton Manning. So I like that about him.
We'd make a great improv comedy duo. I'd handle the singing and the musical comedy, he'd do the beatboxing. We'd be a good team.
Would you rather be at the bottom of an NFL dogpile or be tackled by the Seattle Seahawks defense?
I'd rather be at the bottom of the dogpile, because there, at least there's a chance. With the Seattle defense, if I were there, I think they would…what's the word you Americans use? Kill you. I think that they'd kill you. I think I would be killed. And I don't like that. I like breathing.
If you were to make up an award to give to Tom Brady, what would it be?
Hi folks, I'm Tom Brady, and I'd like to accept this award for Still Being In the Game. I've seen a lot of playing time. I mean, a lot of playing time. I'm old.
How about Eli Manning?
This is for the “I'm Here Too” award. Sometimes people forget. I'm here too. Eli Manning. There are two of us. Actually, there are three. There's a third brother, he plays too. But there are two of us. I'm here. I'm in commercials. I'm funny. Mom! I'm HERE!
Rank the Bradys in terms of popularity: Tom, Marcia, Wayne and James.
Marcia Brady at number 1, because everyone at various ages, doesn't matter young or old, they know The Brady Bunch. Then, I have to say Tom Brady, because sadly more people in this country know about football than about gun control, or even about [James Brady] being shot by [John] Hinckley. Then I'd have to say me, because sadly in this country people know more about improv shows and their favorite actors and comedians and singers on TV than they know about gun reform and the people who got certain laws passed. Lastly, James Brady, god rest his soul.
Imagine you're a head coach and your team is down 49-0 at halftime. What's your speech?
Alright team, huddle. I'm not going to lie to you. We're down seven touchdowns. We scored five of those touchdowns on ourselves. I'm not going to lie to you: I hate you all. The reason I'm not going to lie to you is because I care for you all, but I'm taking care of myself and my family.
Which is why I'm quitting.
I've already got three job offers on the East Coast with much better teams. They kicked our asses last week and the month before. I gave them my resume as the game was happening. I'm doing what I need to do to make sure my dynasty goes on and my kids can go to the best private schools.
You? You're probably going to have brain damage. Probably a few of you already do. You might not have any money at the end of the season. But I will be wealthy, and I want you to know that I just bought a Tesla.
So go out there, lose like you're supposed to, while I sneak out the back and avoid all the people who are pissed that you suck so hard.
The president's tough stand against the further growth of Israeli settlements on the disputed West Bank is prompting quick, strong reaction from the Jewish state.
"Hussein Obama gave priority to Arab lies," declared a statement from an organization of Israeli settlers -- Jews who are establishing communities in territory claimed by the Palestinians,according to a report in the Israeli newspaper Haaretz. The settlers' statement referred to the president by his Arabic middle name.
Daniel Herschkowitz, the chairman of Habayit Hayehudi, one of Israel's political parties, shrugged off the president's remarks. "Israel is not America's lackey," he said, according to the Jerusalem Post. But the paper reports that the speech is being better received by leaders of Israel's opposition parties, who are citing Obama's speech to criticize the policies of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
In the USA, Jewish Democrats are focusing on the president's words of support for Israel. In a statement, the National Jewish Democratic Council praised Obama for reiterating the need for the Arab world to recognize Israel's right to exist. "The pesident made very clear to the Arab world that he was going to continue to prioritize Israel's peace and security, and that the U.S. and Israel have an 'unbreakable' bond," said Ira Forman, chief executive of the council.
(Posted by Kathy Kiely)
Sen. John McCain appeared to perplex his congressional colleagues, former FBI Director James Comey and people watching the highly anticipated testimony on Thursday when it was his turn to ask questions.
McCain, a Republican who has made his interest in the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election clear, compared it to the now-completed investigation of Hillary Clinton‘s use of a private email server while Secretary of State.
In response, Comey said he had concluded the Clinton investigation on July 5, 2016, while FBI director and did not know the status of the Russia investigation since he was fired on May 9. But McCain appeared to draw a connection between the two separate investigations, questioning why one investigation was concluded and another wasn't.
“So both President Trump and former candidate Clinton are both involved in the investigation, yet one of them you said there's going to be no charges and the other one that the investigation continues,” McCain said. “Well, I think there's a double standard there to tell you the truth.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
At one point, McCain mistakenly referred to the former FBI director as “President Comey.”
Following confusion over his questions, McCain released a statement clarifying the intent of his questions — and made a self-deprecating joke.
“I get the sense from Twitter that my line of questioning today went over people's heads,” McCain said. “Maybe going forward I shouldn't stay up late watching the Diamondbacks night games.”
He clarified that he intended to ask Comey if he believes his interactions with Trump rose “to the level of obstruction of justice.” He said in Clinton's case, Comey “was willing to step beyond his role as an investigator and state his belief about what ‘no reasonable prosecutor' would conclude about the evidence.”
People following the testimony on social media responded with confusion to McCain's line of questioning. Some interpreted McCain's questions as suggesting Clinton's case should not be closed since she was a candidate in the election.
Some on social media had a simple question: Is McCain OK?
And others used the opportunity to poke fun at the senator.
Though McCain himself is not on the Senate Intelligence Committee, he was invited to the hearing because he is an ex-officio member of the panel due to his status as chair of the Armed Services Committee.
When Comey was fired on May 9, McCain said in a statement that he was “disappointed” in President Donald Trump's decision.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Televangelist Pat Robertson on Monday invited retired General Paul Vallely to discuss why President Barack Obama and his entire national security staff needed to be removed from the U.S. government.
According to Vallely, the United States would suffer “cataclysmic events” if the president continued to refuse to go to war against the militant group ISIS in Iraq.
“I would tell the four star [general], the head of Central Command, two words: Destroy ISIS,” Vallely recommended. “If I was there, I would give [the order], but under President Obama, he is such an amateur, he basically lives in the Twilight Zone, his staff does, his national security team does.”
“We've got to get a better national security team in there,” he continued. “Because they're taking us on national suicide, and you can see the suicide that's going on in the Middle East, by the county not participating and assisting to destroy ISIS.”
Vallely argued that the entire national security team needed to be replaced, but “unfortunately in our Constitution, we can only do impeachment.”
“We are generating what we call a no confidence resolution in Congress this week that hopefully will lead to impeachment,” the retired general revealed. “Because we cannot let this regime in Washington to continue to take us over the cliff. We just can't do it.”
Robertson said that he had a “sense” in his heart that President Barack Obama's “inaction is going to destroy us.”
“There will be cataclysmic events within the year, I can tell you that,” Vallely agreed. “We need very strong leaders in Washington today to be able to turn this country around. And I call it national suicide, I call it America at a crossroads.”
Immediately following the general's interview, Robertson asked his audience to pray because “chaos and terror” were coming “to every person living in the United States of America.”
“We see a feckless administration unwilling to act except in feckless terms,” the TV preacher prayed. “God, we need the angels! We need your help! We need the strength of God Almighty! We need your power, Lord!”
“Intervene, Lord!” he begged. “Send the angels! Do miracles!”
Watch the video below from CBN's The 700 Club, broadcast Aug. 11, 2014.
Irish artist Eamonn O'Neill has created the “Google Doodle” for St Patrick's Day.
Although the team at Google has gone green for St Patrick's Day before, it is the first time an Irish person has designed the logo, according to O'Neill.
The Arklow-based writer and illustrator may not get a bigger shot at exposure - ever.
Quite a lot of people will get to see O'Neill's work today. Millions of people, in fact.
Everyone who uses google.com, google.co.uk and google.ie in the US, UK and Ireland will see O'Neill's traditional instrument-wielding happy shamrocks.
Google Doodles, as they are known, are a temporary alteration of the logo on Google's homepage celebrating holidays, events, achievements and people.
O'Neill got an email about two weeks ago asking him to pitch ideas, he said. The head of Google Doodle, Ryan Germick, had seen the illustator's work on the website eamonnoneill.ie.
An invitation
The company invited him to show what he could do specifically for Ireland's national day.
According to O'Neill, it is the first time an Irish person has been asked to pitch ideas for Google Doodles for St Patrick's Day.
O'Neill pitched four ideas. “I just wanted it to be simple,” he said.
Google chose O'Neill's first suggestion, of shamrocks playing traditional Irish musical instruments, including a bodhrán.
The company was also offered illustrations of St Patrick and the snakes, the St Patrick's Day parade and a number of famous international buildings turning green.
From a call two weeks ago to global internet exposure, the Dún Laoghaire Institute of Art, Design and Technology graduate is taking it all in his stride.
He is waiting on a response from Nickelodeon about his pilot short cartoon about a bird, a cornflake and a horse, and is also writing and illustrating a children's book.
But for today, the Bafta-nominated filmmaker is enjoying the rub of Google's green.
Image caption Bradford City are the first fourth-tier side to reach the League Cup final since 1962
Bradford City's historic trip to Wembley could be worth £1m to the club, according to its joint chairman.
The Bantams became the first fourth-tier side in over 50 years to reach the League Cup final after beating Aston Villa on aggregate on Tuesday night.
Mark Lawn said it was a "once in a lifetime opportunity" for potential sponsors, as well as for the club.
The League Two side will take on either Chelsea or Swansea at Wembley on 24 February.
'Created history'
Mr Lawn said: "I don't think it's really sunk in yet.
"I think it's going to take a bit of time before people realise the enormity of what they've done. They've created history.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bradford City fans celebrate at final whistle
"I hope some corporate companies get on the bandwagon and ring us up, and we can fly their flag."
Mr Lawn added: "We have 31,000 tickets and we will sell the whole lot without a problem."
Bradford City have been in administration twice since 2002, and had been expected to overspend on wages by £600,000 this season as they push for promotion to League One.
However they had already more than covered this shortfall by earning at least £1.3m from their quarter-final and semi-final ties.
It is the first time Bradford City have reached the final of a major competition since winning the FA Cup in 1911.
'Lift spirits'
It will also be only the second time the team have played at Wembley - the last time was in 1996 when Bradford won the Second Division play-off final.
It really is a shot in the arm for the city and the district Dale Smith, Lord Mayor of Bradford
Bradford City's director of operations David Baldwin, who last month said reaching the semi-final had secured the club's long-term future, said he hoped their success would impact on the whole city.
"It's the feel good factor of the city, hopefully it will put Bradford back on the map and give it an opportunity to try and lift spirits again around the area," he said.
Councillor Dale Smith, the Lord Mayor of Bradford, said: "Absolutely fantastic, it really is a shot in the arm for the city and the district, and it's something that everyone will celebrate enormously.
"We watched it on the television last night and my wife is quite hoarse with shouting."
'Fairytale stuff'
Hundreds of people congratulated the team on Twitter.
George Galloway, Bradford West MP, said: "Bradford City!!!!! We're off to Wembelee! The #Bradford Spring continues!!!"
TV presenter Gabby Logan posted: "Spent Saturdays in childhood years hanging around Valley Parade and was there the day 56 fans perished, so happy for the Bantams tonight."
And footballer Rio Ferdinand said: "Fairytale stuff Bradford City getting to the cup final. Great to see & well deserved."
sheahanjurco.JPG
Riley Sheahan, left, and Tomas Jurco were key members of the Griffins before the joined the Red Wings in late February.
(MLive file photos)
GRAND RAPIDS, MI - Riley Sheahan and Tomas Jurco, who experienced disappointment in the Detroit Red Wings' first-round playoff elimination in Boston on Saturday, will go to a different atmosphere with the Grand Rapids Griffins. Sheahan and Jurco, who have two-way contracts, are expected at the Griffins' practice Monday in preparation for Wednesday's home playoff game against Abbotsford, said Ryan Martin, the Red Wings assistant general manager. The Griffins lead Abbotsford 2-0 in the best-of-five first-round series in the Calder Cup playoffs, winning both on the road Friday and Saturday. Defenseman Xavier Ouellet, who was recalled by Detroit on April 24 and made his NHL playoff debut Saturday, will also return to Grand Rapids where he has spent most of the season. Sheahan, the Red Wings' top draft pick in 2010, played 31 games with the Griffins, collecting 18 points (10-8-18) before recalled for good on Feb. 22. The center had 24 points (9-15-24) in 42 games with the Red Wings in the regular season, but none in the five-game first round against Boston. Jurco, meanwhile, was in 32 games and had 32 points (13-19-32) with Grand Rapids. His final recall was also Feb. 22. In Detroit, he played in 36 games, missing time with a rib injury, and had 15 points (8-7-15). The right winger also had no points in the playoffs, playing in three games. Their arrival will be similar - albeit earlier - to last season when Gustav Nyquist and Joakim Andersson rejoined the Griffins after the Red Wings were eliminated by Chicago in the conference semifinals. The two arrived during the Western Conference finals against Oklahoma City and, along with another addition in then-rookie prospect Danny DeKeyser, helped propel Grand Rapids to its first Calder Cup Trophy.
Pete Wallner covers sports for MLive/Grand Rapids Press. Email him at pwallner@mlive.com or follow him on Twitter, Facebook or Google+.
Toy Town is a 3d-visualizer for Medieval Fantasy City Generator. One day it may become a separate native application or a part of the generator itself, or both.
Compatibility:
For me it works in Chrome, Opera and Safari on Mac and in Chrome and Edge on Windows. It works on Android and iPad, but not on iPhone (although it may be an itch.io glitch) .
Press Enter to build a new city.
Camera keys:
1 - Street level perspective view
2 - Default perspective view
3 - 45 ° orthogonal view (RTS view)
orthogonal view (RTS view) 4 - Top-down orthogonal view (map view)
` - Toggle auto-rotation
First person keys:
W, A, S, D - Walking
+/- - Moving up/down
Click and drag mouse to turn the camera. Unfortunately "mouse lock" is not implemented in OpenFL for HTML, so it's not as comfortable as it should be.
"Environmental" keys:
5 - Frost
6 - Desert
7 - Winter fog
8 - Europe
9 - Night
0 - Random
Other settings:
H - Turn on/off shadows. Shadows double the number of polygons in the scene.
T - Turn on/off textures (windows)
F - Turn on/off trees. Trees greatly reduce FPS.
P - Turn on/off "plots". Makes secondary streets slightly more visible.
👉 For development news and related stuff please check a dedicated reddit community.
Made with Haxe + OpenFL + Away3D.
Q. What's this mod all about?
A. It's pretty simple. Hoppers can't transport items upwards. This mod adds ducts, which can attach to hoppers and send items in any direction. This mod also now adds Grated Hoppers, which can filter items.
Q. What's the difference between a hopper and a duct?
A. A few things:
Ducts can send items into inventories above them.
Ducts won't pull items from inventories above them.
Ducts only have a single inventory slot.
Ducts can be pointed in a different direction after placing them by hitting them with a stick. Left-clicking with the stick cycles through all possible directions, right-clicking with it cycles in reverse. You can also shift-left-click with the stick to reverse if you prefer. When in creative mode, however, only right-clicking will be available, as left-click breaks blocks.
Ducts auto-orient to adjacent ducts or hoppers. Hold the sneak key while placing to disable this behavior.
Ducts have smaller hitboxes, making it easier to reach blocks behind them.
Q. Then what's a Grated Hopper do?
A. Grated Hoppers contain an extra row of items in their interface. This is the filter inventory. Only items matching this row are allowed into the hopper from a chest, hopper, or duct above it. The Grated Hopper will also only eject these particular items into its destination. Finally, it prevents a hopper beneath it from removing items matching the filter.
Items can still be inserted into the Grated Hopper from the sides and bottom which do not match the filter. This means that you can insert anything into a Grated Hopper, have it eject its matching items into its destination inventory, and then have regular hopper or Grated Hopper beneath it, pulling out the items which don't match the filter, to be directed elsewhere.
Q. What are the crafting recipes?
A. Hopper Ducts are a reduced version of the hopper recipe:
Grated Hoppers are a shapeless recipe:
Q. What do I need to run it?
A. You'll need at least Minecraft 1.6.2 with Forge 804 or greater. It uses SRG, so it will possibly work on future versions of Minecraft as well. It's tested to work with 1.6.4.
Due to requests, this mod has also been backported to 1.5.2. That version was built using Forge 738. Note that versions for 1.5.2 may not be up to date with the latest release for 1.6.x.
BBC Sport presenter Clare Balding has been paying tribute to her uncle and Grand National-winning trainer Toby Balding, who has died at the age of 78.
"He was so big and warm-hearted and kind and generous. He loved everybody and he loved life. Even after he had his first stroke he still wanted to go to races. Last November at Towcester, when A P McCoy rode his 4,000th winner, in the back of the shot in the winner's enclosure you could see uncle Toby, he was there!
Getty Images Copyright: Getty Images Legendary trainer Toby Balding was awarded an OBE in the 2011 New Year Honours list Image caption: Legendary trainer Toby Balding was awarded an OBE in the 2011 New Year Honours list
"The way he hugged you he really wanted to let you know he was thinking of you, to let you know he was pleased to see you. He loved family occasions - we have a big family and he was the leader.
"He was a genius with horses. You think of Highland Wedding and Little Polveir who won the Grand National, but also Beech Road, who was a tricky horse, and Morley Street, who was probably the best horse he ever trained - he won the Champion Hurdle with both of those. And the making of jockeys... A P McCoy I know is really upset and Adrian Maguire is too. He gave people a chance."
OnePlus has announced that it will be bringing its alternative white/champagne gold version of the OnePlus X to western markets from next week. Anyone with an invite can purchase the champagne gold edition direct from the company's online store from December 22nd. Up until now, this option has only been available in China.
Specification-wise, the phone is exactly the same as the Onyx (black) model. Like the black model, it will also come with the option to have a glass back, or the more limited (and more expensive) ceramic back. You won't need a special invite to get this new color, and if you have an existing, valid invite when the gold models become available, you can use it for either black/grey or white/gold versions of the company's budget smartphone.
The OnePlus X is one of this year's most brilliant budget smartphones. It received virtually unanimous praise from reviewers, and made its way on to our list of 2015's best affordable Android phones. If you're looking for a great handset with premium build, brilliant display and responsive performance, you can do a lot worse than spend $250 on the OnePlus X (now in a more classy white and gold). Personally, I'd love for it to be bigger, but it's undoubtedly one of the best small smartphones out there.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vital infrastructure projects in Wales are being killed off because of the damage leaving the EU is causing, an MP has said.
Electrification of the south Wales mainline west of Cardiff and tidal lagoons for the Bristol Channel were both named by Swansea West MP Geraint Davies.
An independent review gave an emphatic thumbs-up to the first lagoon, planned for Swansea Bay, in January but the UK Government has yet to publish its response.
This has triggered fears that investors will walk away from the project, which supporters hope would lead to the creation of lagoons around Wales and in other parts of the world.
'Set to burn on the great altar of Brexit fundamentalism'
Swansea West MP Geraint Davies laid bare his concerns about the impact of Brexit on the project in a Westminster Hall debate.
He said the UK Government was dropping environmentally-friendly projects such as rail electrification from Cardiff to Swansea and the tidal lagoon and instead prioritising London and the southeast of England.
He stated: “My great fear is that the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon and rail electrification to Swansea are set to burn on the altar of Brexit fundamentalism... The Government is now facing a debt from the EU of perhaps over £50bn, which translates of course to thousands of pounds for every family in Swansea, every family in Wales.”
The UK Government, he claimed was not looking to the long-term but instead focused on how to pay the divorce bill for leaving the EU, describing Brexit as a “project that people realise doesn't resemble anything like what they voted for”.
Lagoon will help South Wales make up for 'loss of mining'
Newly elected Gower MP Tonia Antoniazzi delivered a passionate call for the lagoon to get the green-light.
She said: “The conditions around the Swansea Bay make it perfect for a project of this nature. Both the River Tawe and River Neath enter the sea here and this proposal would build 16 hydro turbines and a six-mile breakwater wall around the area, generating enough energy to power 155,000 homes for the next 120 years.
“Where the Government's short-sightedness has created a huge hole in our capacity to power our country in future years, the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon offers us a way forward.”
The Labour MP looked beyond the environmental benefits and made the case that the economy needs the boost the project would bring.
She said: “West Wales was found by the Inequality Briefing to be the poorest region in northern Europe. Large infrastructure projects are few and far between.
“The Swansea Bay tidal lagoon offers a rare glimpse of the UK Government providing hope in an area too often forgotten about by those who currently run Westminster.”
Setting out the figures, she added: “The [tidal lagoon] has a projected £1.3bn capital spend, the majority of which will be spent in Wales and across the UK. The construction period itself is expected to contribute £316m in gross value added to the Welsh economy and £76m a year thereafter.
“In an area still struggling to recover from the loss of mining and manufacturing industries, the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon offers a bright future for Wales post-Brexit.”
In another push for the UK Government to respond to the former Energy Minister Charles Hendry's review of the project, she said: “The Government has now been sitting on the Hendry Review for longer than it took Charles to conduct it and that is not acceptable. Investors' money will not last forever and we need to move on.”
Carolyn Harris: Why are we stalling?
Swansea East Labour MP Carolyn Harris was just as adamant the project should go ahead
She said: “It would bring an estimated 2,000 new jobs to the region, and there will be a demand for approximately 100,000 tonnes of locally sourced steel. The tidal lagoon already has 1,300 British businesses registered on its supply chain database.
“This is a golden opportunity to use British resources to develop British industry in Wales. Why are we stalling?”
Making the case that it is even more important to back the project as the country heads towards Brexit, she said: “As Britain moves into a post-Brexit world, we need to ask if we want to be leaders or followers... Are we ready to be world leaders and develop this new energy source in South Wales, or are we going to be left behind waiting, this time for someone else to steal our lead?
“We can't afford to let this slip through our fingers. We need an answer.
“We need the lagoon, and we need it now.”
Anglesey Labour MP Albert Owen said there was the potential to have a “cluster” of lagoons around Wales, including in Colwyn Bay.
The Wales Office is arguing 'strongly' for a decision to be made
Wales Office minister and Aberconwy Conservative MP Guto Bebb defended the UK Government's record, saying: “I think it is worth pointing out that there are 45,662 sites [in] Wales which are generating renewable energy. That is a success story we should be proud of.”
He added: “I would say to honourable members who are concerned about the wait in relation to tidal lagoon that the Wales Office continues to argue the case strongly for a decision to be made. But that decision, as has consistently been stated, must be right for both Swansea, for the people who support the tidal lagoon in Swansea, but it also has to be right in the context of our energy policy and the cost of our energy policy.
“And that's the decision that this Government will deliver in due course.”
The top U.S. military commander in the Pacific is warning China is bent on achieving “hegemony in East Asia,” as Beijing's top diplomat held talks in Washington with Secretary of State John F. Kerry amid rising tensions over who controls the vital South China Sea.
Navy Adm. Harry Harris Jr. issued a bracing warning about China's increasing assertiveness during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing this week, hours before a report that Chinese fighter jets had been deployed to a disputed Island in the South China Sea — the latest in a series of provocative moves by Beijing to bolster its sovereignty claims against its regional rivals.
U.S. officials confirmed the report on Thursday evening, but cautioned against reading too much into the development because Beijing has been known to send fighter jets on such missions over the years. After meeting with Mr. Kerry on Tuesday afternoon, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told reporters at the State Department that Beijing's military moves have been justified by provocative military actions by others in the region.
“Every day,” Mr. Wang said, “advanced armaments and equipment [are] emerging in the South China Sea, including the strategic bombers, the missile destroyers. Why [have] people chosen to disregard or ignore them?”
Faced with competing claims from Taiwan, the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia and others, China has been building up and “militarizing” its possessions in the South China Sea, Adm. Harris said. “You have to believe in a flat earth to think otherwise.”
While he did not explicitly name the U.S., Mr. Wang suggested that it is among those guilty of engaging in increased military activity in the South China Sea.
“It's important to notice that in recent decades some countries have illegally occupied China's reefs and atolls and have engaged in large-scale military constructions not only of radars, but also of missiles and all kinds of cannons and artilleries,” he said.
The two diplomats appeared to make progress on another front, emerging from private talks Tuesday afternoon saying they had made progress on a U.N. resolution aimed at curbing North Korea's nuclear programs. Beijing, the North's main ally and economic lifeline, resisted past efforts by the U.S. and its allies to crack down too hard on Pyongyang.
The South China Sea dispute was clearly a hot topic on Capitol Hill and in the Wang-Kerry discussions.
Beijing's recent deployment of surface-to-air missiles, its installation of radar facilities and its construction of airstrips on territorially disputed islands are flat-out changing “the operational landscape in the South China Sea,” Adm. Harris said.
His testimony added bite to Mr. Kerry's own assertion, during a separate hearing Tuesday morning, that the Chinese muscle-flexing has only added to already seething friction over the overlapping claims to control large parts of the South China Sea. Beijing claims sovereignty over most of the South China Sea, through which more than $5 trillion in global trade passes every year.
While most analysts say the latest developments are unlikely to trigger a direct military confrontation, unease has spread in Washington since last week, when reports emerged that the Chinese military had deployed anti-aircraft missiles on the Paracels Islands chain.
On Monday, the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies reported that China has also built radar facilities in the Spratly Islands, another disputed chain. On Tuesday, there were reports that Beijing has now sent J-11 and Xian JH-7 fighter jets to the Paracels.
Citing “two U.S. officials” who spoke on the condition of anonymity, Fox News reported that U.S. intelligence had spotted the fighter jets on Woody Island, which has effectively been under Chinese control for more than 40 years but is also claimed by Taiwan and Vietnam.
Combative tone
China took an unusually combative tone ahead of Mr. Wang's meeting with Mr. Kerry on Tuesday, with the Chinese Foreign Ministry asserting that Beijing's actions were no different from Washington's positioning of military assets on Hawaii.
A ministry spokeswoman went so far as to warn U.S. officials not to try to exploit the issue as a “pretext to make a fuss” while Mr. Wang is in Washington this week.
But the Obama administration has already raised the stakes in recent months by sending guided missile destroyers USS Lassen and USS Curtis Wilbur close to disputed areas occupied by Beijing, in an assertion of what U.S. officials said was the right of transit through international waterways.
The Pentagon also has conducted sea and air patrols near artificial islands China has built in the Spratlys, including by two B-52 strategic bombers in November.
Some argue that the administration's approach may be ineffective because Beijing is engaged in a long-game strategy of patience known as “salami-slicing” — effectively carrying out a stream of small actions over time that will eventually amount to a major reorganization of the region's military landscape.
Robert Haddick, a former editor of the Small Wars Journal and a contractor for U.S. Special Operations Command, wrote in a 2012 analysis for Foreign Policy magazine that U.S. policymakers and military planners should be wary of China's incremental moves toward dominance.
Beijing's approach “could confound Washington's military plans” to contain overt Chinese aggression by growing the U.S. defense footprint in the region, he wrote.
Adm. Harris said Tuesday that China's recent actions present a “strategic opportunity” for the U.S. to beef up its alliances with nations on China's periphery, including the Philippines and Vietnam, whose leaders have increasingly called on Washington to take a more aggressive posture.
President Obama is slated to make a state visit to Vietnam in May, and Adm. Harris suggested that the White House may be keen to open the floodgates of U.S. weapons sales to Hanoi as a message to Beijing.
In 2014, the administration announced the partial lifting of the U.S. ban on weapons sales to Vietnam, some 40 years after the end of the Vietnam War.
But some restrictions were left in place. Administration officials have said only the sale of lethal maritime security and surveillance capabilities would be allowed and, to date, no weapons sales to Vietnam have been reported.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, Arizona Republican and a Vietnam veteran, has long pushed for reconciliation between Washington and Hanoi and raised the weapons issue with Adm. Harris during Tuesday's hearing.
“I believe that we should improve our relationship with Vietnam,” Adm. Harris responded. “I think it's a great strategic opportunity for us, and I think the Vietnamese people would welcome the opportunity to work closer with us as their security partner of choice.”
North Korea factor
The latest wave of friction over the South China Sea has come against a backdrop of disagreement between Washington and Beijing on another front: North Korea.
Mr. Kerry and other Obama administration officials have voiced rising frustration that Beijing has failed to come through on its promise to help rein in North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un and his nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs.
But Mr. Wang and Mr. Kerry hinted that progress had been made Tuesday on the language for a U.N. resolution on North Korea that Mr. Kerry said would go beyond diplomatic moves.
“Important progress has been made in the consultations, and we are looking at the possibility of reaching agreement on the draft resolution and passing it in the near future,” the Chinese foreign minister told reporters. “Once we pass that agreement, we can effectively limit further progress of the DPRK's nuclear missile program.”
Added Mr. Kerry, “It has been very constructive in the last days, and there is no question that if the resolution is approved, it will go beyond anything that we have previously passed.”
The Obama administration has called for a ramping-up of economic sanctions to punish Pyongyang for its early-January test of a nuclear weapon.
A draft U.N. resolution prepared by Japan, South Korea and the U.S. has been in negotiation since last month.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
