The American security agency NSA was very secretive in its operations in the past. But with time, and unwanted revelations coming to the surface, the agency started to open up more front of the common population.
NSA already started their Twitter handle after Snowden's revelation and now they're all set to make their footprint in the open source community. Their GitHub site now contains 32 open source projects, written by the NSA developers, distributed across two accounts. Some of them are ‘coming soon' repositories.
However, the NSA's account isn't brand new. It first appeared in 2015, when the agency open sourced a tool called SIMP (System Integrity Management Platform).
These projects have been shared as a part of the NSA Technology Transfer Program (TTP) which acts as a bridge between patented NSA-developed tech and industry, academic institutions, and other research bodies.
The NSA opening up their treasure will help the general public in many ways. In fact, many of the technologies we are currently using, be it the internet, GPS or your Rayban; various defense bodies have been a wellspring for such things.
Check out NSA's new Github site using this link.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
Photo via Steve Kingsman for Canada Soccer
Canada Soccer has announced the women's squad that's headed to Rio2016.
After clinching a berth back in February, the reigning Olympic bronze medal-winning team is now ready to take on the world at the Games once again.
Rio 2016 women's national soccer team in photos:
Canadian goalkeeper Stephanie Labbe stops a shot during Pan Am Games football semifinal against Colombia on July 22, 2015. Defender Kadeisha Buchanan led the backline for Canada on June 4, 2016 in an international friendly against Brazil in Toronto. (Thomas Skrlj/COC) Ashley Lawrence started at midfield for Canada against Brazil on June 7, 2016 (Greg Kolz). Canada captain Christine Sinclair played 80 minutes in a friendly against Brazil on June 7, 2016 in Ottawa (Greg Kolz). Canada's Melissa Tancredi, left, and England's Claire Rafferty vie for the ball during first half FIFA Women's World Cup quarter-final soccer action in Vancouver, B.C., on Saturday June 27, 2015. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck United States Carli Lloyd (10) challenges Canada's Nichelle Prince (15) for the ball during the first half of the CONCACAF Olympic women's soccer qualifying championship final Sunday, Feb. 21, 2016, in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip) Canada's Janine Beckie (11) and Germany's Wibke Meister (15) battle for the ball during second half action of the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup quarter-finals in Edmonton, Alta., on Saturday August 16, 2014. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jason Franson Canada's Desiree Scott, left, fights for the ball against Canada's Desiree Scott during their bronze medal women's soccer match at the 2012 London Summer Olympics, Thursday, Aug. 9, 2012 at the Ricoh Arena Stadium in Coventry, England. (AP Photo/Jon Super) Canada's Sophie Schmidt celebrates her goal against Germany during the second half of an international women's soccer game in Vancouver, B.C., on Wednesday June 18, 2014. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck Canada's Deanne Rose (6) moves the ball past Brazil's Poliana during first half international women's friendly soccer action in Ottawa on Tuesday, June 7, 2016. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick Diana Matheson of Canada celebrates her game winner against France in the bronze medal football match in Coventry at the 2012 London Olympics, Thursday, Aug. 9, 2012. THE CANADIAN PRESS/HO, COC – Mike Ridewood Canadian women's soccer team member Jessie Fleming is seen during a training session in Vancouver, B.C. Wednesday, April 21, 2015. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jonathan Hayward Canada's Rhian Wilkinson (7) moves the ball away from Brazil's A. Alves during second half international women's soccer friendly action in Ottawa on Tuesday, June 7, 2016. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick Canada's Allysha Chapman (2) fights for the ball against Brazil's Debinha during second half international women's soccer friendly action in Ottawa on Tuesday, June 7, 2016. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick Switzerland's Vanessa Bernauer, right, fights for control of the ball with Canada's Josee Belanger during the second half of FIFA Women's World Cup round of 16 soccer action in Vancouver, B.C. Sunday, June 21, 2015. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jonathan Hayward Canada's Shelina Zadorsky (4) jumps over the leg of Trinidad & Tobago's Khadidra Debesette (6) during the first half of a CONCACAF Olympic qualifying tournament soccer match Sunday, Feb. 14, 2016, in Houston. Canada won 6-0. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip) Canada's Rebecca Quinn (6) and Mexico's Monica Ocampo (11) fight for ball posession during the first half of the 2015 Pan Am Games women's bronze medal soccer match in Hamilton, Ontario on Friday, July 24, 2015. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Peter Power Sabrina D'Angelo (left) holding the Algarve Cup with Zadorsky (right), March 9th 2016.
The roster is complete with 18 players from across the country – a mix of fresh faces and long time members. The team will once again be led by Christine Sinclair who will be headed to her third Olympic Games after scoring six goals in the London 2012 tournament and being named closing flag bearer for Canada. Sinclair will be joined by long time teammates Melissa Tancredi, Rhian Wilkinson, Diana Matheson and Sophie Schmidt.
RELATED: All athletes nominated to date
The team is also joined by some newer faces such as Shelina Zadorsky, Kadeisha Buchanan, Nichelle Prince and Janine Beckie – all of whom were elevated to the senior squad in the last four years since Canada competed in London.
The team will be bringing along two goalkeepers: Stephanie Labbe and Sabrina D'Angelo. Labbe was the main keeper during TO2015 Pan Am Games for the team and has become the regular starter.
RELATED: Canada 0-2 Brazil
RELATED: Canada 1-0 Brazil
Canada recently played two friendlies against Brazil at home. After a loss in the first match in Toronto, the team went on to Ottawa where Beckie scored a goal during stoppage time leading Canada to victory.
The team took Olympic bronze four years ago in London after Matheson scored the lone goal against France in the bronze medal match. They now look ahead to Rio for a chance to win gold.
More nominations: Modern pentathlon | Diving | Fencing | Table tennis | Shooting | Synchro | Taekwondo | Swimming
Canada's path to the podium will not be easy as they have landed in a group with world number two Germany, Australia (no. 5) and Zimbabwe (no. 95th). Canada is ranked no. 10 in the FIFA women's world football rankings and will open on August 3, 2016 in São Paulo at 2:00 p.m. ET against Australia.
Here is the complete roster:
Stephanie Labbe
Sabrina D'Angelo
Kadeisha Buchanan
Rebecca Quinn
Shelina Zadorsky
Josee Belanger
Allysha Chapman
Rhian Wilkinson
Jessie Fleming
Ashley Lawrence
Diana Matheson
Deanne Rose
Sophie Schmidt
Desiree Scott
Janine Beckie
Nichelle Prince
Christine Sinclair
Melissa Tancredi
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD THIS TOOK FOREVER.Spent like, an hour creating the pencil drawing and scanned it in at 12:30 PM. Took almost 9 and a half hours just to get the characters just FLAT colored. Then another 3 to 4 to do the background and shade the characters._______Anyway, enough complaining about how long this piece of crap took me. It's everyone's favorite Left 4 Dead 2 survivors Nick and Ellis (again). This time drawn in Disney Style, because why not mix my two favorite things together?Ellis: Listen up everybody. Be on the lookout for blood farmers. I'm serious.Rochelle: Boy what they are talking about?Ellis: Duh? Farmers that don't grow crops, they grow PEOPLE, to EAT.Nick: Jesus Christ Ellis like the Goddamn zombies aren't bad enough.Disney should definitely make a traditionally animated zombie movie (a vampire and werewolf movie would be pretty cool too). I would watch that shit all the time.EDIT: After getting some critiques on a different website, I have decided to improve on this image. Particularly the density of the line and the lighting. It won't be changed for maybe a few days, and I'll try to throw this version into my scrapbook.Also for your viewing pleasure, the original pencil drawing: [link] EDIT EDIT: Alright, I've replaced the image with a revised one. The original can still be viewed here: [link] Thanks for all the views and favs everyone!
The Uber driver in India convicted of raping a passenger in December last year has been sentenced to life in prison.
Shiv Kumar Yadav was also found guilty of criminal intimidation and kidnapping.
“He will serve regressive imp—risonment, which shall mean imprisonment till natural death,” judge Kaveri Baweja said in the Delhi court.
Yadav's assault on a 26-year-old woman sparked international outrage, prompting Delhi to ban Uber and other rideshare services for several months, amid rising awareness of the problem of rape in India. The number of reported rapes in India nearly doubled between 2004 and 2014, reports the BBC.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Yadav promised to appeal the ruling. “My client is innocent,” his attorney said.
[BBC]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
CHARLESTON, S.C. – A lone juror will not vote to convict Michael Slager, the former South Carolina police officer accused in the fatal shooting of a black man. But jurors told the judge late Friday afternoon that they would continue deliberating and wish to return at 9 a.m. on Monday.
Slager, who is white, is charged in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott, who was shot five times in the back in April 2015 as he fled a traffic stop after his 1990 Mercedes was pulled for a broken taillight. A bystander's cellphone video of the shooting shocked the nation.
On Friday afternoon, the jury announced they were unable to reach a unanimous verdict, but a judge sent them back to continue deliberations. Around 4:30 p.m., Judge Clifton Newman read a letter from a single juror who said it was impossible for him or her to agree with the other jurors on a guilty verdict.
Newman read the letter to the court in which the juror wrote he “can't in good conscience approve a guilty verdict” and would not change his mind.
Newman then asked the clerk of court to speak with the jury foreman to determine whether the jury is “hopelessly deadlocked,” according to CBS affiliate WCSC. The jury responded with a note saying, “Yes, we are deadlocked,” and “the juror is not moving.”
When brought before the judge, however, the jury foreperson said the panel might be able to reach a unanimous verdict if they were further instructed on the law. They once again returned to the deliberation room as a defense lawyer moved for a mistrial. The judge discussed the matter with the prosecutor and the defense, and declined to declare a mistrial. The court is awaiting a note from the jury regarding the legal issue they wish to be instructed on.
South Carolina shooting video is telling evidence in cop's murder charge
Slager testified that he feared for his life when he said Scott wrestled with him, got control of his Taser and pointed it at him.
The 12-member jury - comprised of 11 white members and one African-American - heard testimony from 55 witnesses during the month-long trial.
The jury is allowed to consider a lesser charge of voluntary manslaughter, which is shooting someone in the heat of passion. A murder conviction, which requires the jury to agree that Slager had malice toward Scott, carries a sentence of 30 years to life.
Voluntary manslaughter carries a sentence of from two to 30 years.
On Thursday, the jurors asked for transcripts of key testimony and wondered about the difference between passion and fear. Judge Clifton Newman told the jurors Friday morning that the court could not instruct them on those definitions, saying it's a distinction jurors must decide.
At around 1:00 p.m. Friday, the jury asked for the testimony of Feidin Santana, the man who recorded the cellphone video of the shooting. Newman said he would be willing to re-play Santana's statement to the court.
Shortly after requesting the testimony, the jury again sent a note to the judge, this time saying, “It is clear that jurors will not be able to reach a consensus.”
Newman ordered them to continue deliberating.
“It isn't always easy for even two people to agree, so when 12 people must agree, it becomes even more difficult,” Newman said.
However, the judge said the jurors have a “duty” to make every effort to reach a unanimous verdict.
While he said each juror has a right to their own opinion and cautioned against giving up firmly held beliefs, he said “you should carefully consider and respect the opinions of everyone and re-evaluate your positions for reasonableness, correctness and impartiality.”
Newman ordered jurors to “lay aside all outside matters and re-examine the questions before you based on the law and the evidence in this case.”
The jury was handed the case Wednesday evening.
Working memory training can improve the performance of tasks that were not trained. Whether auditory-motor integration for voice control can benefit from working memory training, however, remains unclear. The present event-related potential (ERP) study examined the impact of working memory training on the auditory-motor processing of vocal pitch. Trained participants underwent adaptive working memory training using a digit span backwards paradigm, while control participants did not receive any training. Before and after training, both trained and control participants were exposed to frequency-altered auditory feedback while producing vocalizations. After training, trained participants exhibited significantly decreased N1 amplitudes and increased P2 amplitudes in response to pitch errors in voice auditory feedback. In addition, there was a significant positive correlation between the degree of improvement in working memory capacity and the post-pre difference in P2 amplitudes. Training-related changes in the vocal compensation, however, were not observed. There was no systematic change in either vocal or cortical responses for control participants. These findings provide evidence that working memory training impacts the cortical processing of feedback errors in vocal pitch regulation. This enhanced cortical processing may be the result of increased neural efficiency in the detection of pitch errors between the intended and actual feedback.
Image copyright Google Image caption The girl was taken to hospital in Leeds for surgery
A four-year-old girl shot in the head by a bow and arrow was not intentionally hurt, police said.
The girl received a serious head injury after being shot at a house on Furness Drive in Halifax at around 12:40 BST on Saturday.
She was taken to Leeds General Infirmary by air ambulance and is described as being in a serious condition following surgery.
Police said an investigation into how the girl was injured was ongoing.
Read more about this story and others from across West Yorkshire
Det Insp Gary Stephenson, of West Yorkshire Police, said: "Our investigations suggest she was not intentionally injured and an 18-year-old male is assisting us with our enquiries.
"Specially trained officers are working to support her family as our investigations continue."
A 90 foot long bridge made from over 50 tons of recycled plastic crosses the River Tweed in Scotland and is strong enough to carry load bearing vehicles up to 44 tons. The Scottish bridge is the first of its kind built in Europe and makes up the longest spans constructed from recycled plastic.
Vertech Composites, the company behind the engineering of the bridge, partnered with many of the specialists that developed the US Army Engineers' thermoplastic composite I-beam bridge in Fort Bragg, including the School of Engineering at Cardiff University and Rutgers University's Advanced Polymer Center.
The team formed structural shapes from thermoplastic composite, manufactured by Axion International, with reduced cross-sections (e.g. I-beams, T-beams) to decrease the amount of material in each component without compromising structural integrity. The efficient designs reduced the bridge's cost and weight.
Axion International's patented thermoplastic composite material uses post consumer recycled high density polyethylene that would otherwise head to landfills. The inherent properties of the material naturally resist rot, rust, and damage from pests. The material also requires no finish, little maintenance, and is 100 percent recyclable.
Vertech estimates the thermoplastic material's life expectancy to be 50 years, which results in a $300 per square foot lifecycle cost savings when compared to standard building materials like treated timber.
By recycling the plastic into a high performance, sustainable building material, Vertech ensures that the waste remains local while contributing to meeting Europe's environmental targets. The project demonstrates that in order to apply recycled content in significant quantities, the recycled materials need to be used at a civic scale.
Via: Inhabitat, WorldArchitectureNews
This post was originally published on Smartplanet.com
One of Moreno's most distinguished achievements is that she is one of a small group of performers who have won all four major show business awards : an Oscar, a Tony, a Grammy and an Emmy. She won an Oscar, as well as a Golden Globe award, for her role in “West Side Story,” one of the projects for which she's most recognized.The 1960s film “ West Side Story ” is considered the most popular modern take on Shakespeare's “Romeo and Juliet.” Instead of Capulets and Montagues, “West Side Story” offered viewers feuding white and Hispanic gangs over issues of prejudice and racial intolerance. ArtsEdge (the National Arts and Education Network) comments that the circumstances of the film “were still applicable to American audiences in the late 1950s and 1960s—just as they are for audiences today all over the world.” Moreno earned an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her part in the production.During the early 1970s, Moreno was a cast member of the popular public TV children's show, "The Electric Company." She also made appearances on “The Muppet Show,” one of which earned her an Emmy Award; her performance of “Fever” alongside Animal is particularly memorable.In 2004, Moreno, along with 12 other individuals, received a Presidential Medal of Freedom , which is the highest honor granted to civilians in the United States.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
There's nothing so volatile as a person who doesn't know their own mind. It's become increasingly obvious that Peggy Blumquist isn't the most stable woman around. Her decision to drive home with a half-dead man on the trunk of her car is really only the tip of the iceberg. Everything she's done since then has been a confused mixture of determination, regret, and some incomprehensible need to “self-actualize.” While “Loplop” doesn't spell out the source of Peggy's delusions—and I doubt the show ever will (or should)—it does clarify things with its opening sequence. Peggy, sitting on the stairs, talking to an imaginary therapist or guru, who tells her she needs to “understand the difference between thinking and being.” Then Ed gets home and we realize Peggy has been talking at a tied up Dodd this whole time, much to his chagrin.
Advertisement
It's an eerie, darkly funny scene, crammed full of period-appropriate buzzwords and self-help book vagueness, but without any real meaning beyond a general dissatisfaction with the way things are right now. Which, essentially, is Peggy's problem. She's unhappy, in part because she's living a go nowhere life with a loving, unimaginative husband, stuck in the house where he grew up, in a dead-end town with no hope of parole. But she's too muddle headed to articulate this frustration precisely, and unable to demand Ed move someplace new, or else just leave him. So she latches onto seminars, to predatory bosses who pretend to offer her a way out, to the catchphrase philosophy of her whole addlepated era. When the world is on its ear, you look for any chance of escape, and sometimes, that way involves EST and worksheets and conversational bullshit.
All of which would be funny and a little sad if it weren't for the fact that Peggy's quest to be the best be she can be is racking up corpses by the minute. She hasn't killed anyone directly herself, but she's led to at least two deaths (Rye's and Virgil's), and taking Rye out so early in the negotiations between the Gerhardts and Kansas City surely didn't help the discussion. The Blumquists keep throwing wrenches into an already unstable situation, and this week is no exception. Ed and Peggy hold Dodd hostage in a hunting cabin for two days, and in the end, Ed has a meeting with Mike in Sioux Falls, and Hanzee shoots Dodd dead. Oh, and Lou and Hank show up to arrest the Blumquists, and Hanzee escapes with a pair of scissors stuck in him, courtesy of Peggy.
Things get a bit crazy there, and it's a mark in this show's favor that I have absolutely no idea what's going to happen next. It's especially odd to see Ed and Peggy in police custody before the season ends, as I'd assumed they'd be part of whatever happens next. They aren't dead, so the chances are good they aren't going to completely disappear from the show, but to have them escape the cops again is going to take a lot of doing, especially seeing what happened the last time Lou and Hank left them to their own devices. While these episodes have been building towards some sort of catastrophic climax, “Loplop” ends on a note of semi-comical chaos. There's no sense of rising action even as the noose tightens around various characters—and I don't mean that as a criticism. Instead of going into next week braced for the worst, I'm eager to find out where all of this is headed because it's not following any predictable line; and, just as importantly, I have faith that the show knows where it's going, even if I don't.
Advertisement
Before we get to that messy, perfect conclusion, the episode that mixes its tense confrontational moments alongside its flights of weirdness, with an effect that's arguably more unexpected and engaging than a straightforward hostage entry would've been. At least this is more in keeping with what we know about Ed and Peggy, neither of whom are super criminals. Their decision making is sound enough: since neither of them are willing to turn themselves over to the police, they decide to use Dodd as a bargaining chip. If they can contact the Gerhardts, they can offer to return their hostage in exchange for free passage. This is naive, but it at least makes a certain amount of sense.
Unfortunately, things rarely work out the way we want them too. Ed struggles to talk to anyone at the Gerhardts (which explains the multiple calls Bear heard about last week; it was pretty clear who was calling, but still, nice to have that tied up), and Peggy is, well, Peggy. Left alone with Dodd and his rampant misogynist bullshit, she goes more mental than usual and stabs him a couple of times. The wounds aren't fatal, but the ease with which she inflicts them, and the look of curious fascination on her face as the blade pierces the skin, is disturbing to say the least.
The Blumquists have been an important story factor because of their unpredictability, thrust into a world of nominally seasoned professionals. Ed is surprisingly competent at staying alive, and Peggy doesn't seem to know what she's going to do before she does it. That makes them useful narrative tools so long as the writers don't push “unpredictability” into “just pure nonsense behavior.” So far, it's been working well. The season has a good grasp on the motivations and intentions of all of its characters, which is a necessity when events fly off the rails. Chaos is only dramatically interesting if it develops organically; if we see a writer's hand nudging folks this way and that, it loses its spark.
Advertisement
While Dodd is spending his last hours on Earth in various forms of discomfort, Hanzee is tracking him down, first heading to Sioux Falls, where he shoots up a bar and some cops, and then to torment Constance in her hotel room, where he finally gets the info he needs. While the Blumquists are up to their usual craziness, Hanzee's the one who makes the episode's most unexpected decision: shooting Dodd in the head when he finally finds the Blumquists' cabin. Hanzee is arguably the show's most opaque figure, even more so than Peggy. His brutal competence makes him entertaining to watch, but we only get glimpses of what's going on in his head. Something about a magic trick performed by a white man that he didn't find amusing, and this week, turning to borderline justifiable homicide after enduring the racist taunts of a bunch of asshole white dudes.
It's a weird sequence, with Hanzee apparently stumbling into that part of town where everyone acts like they're in a Twilight Zone episode, y'know, the one about how racism was bad. The most telling moment in the whole thing is the plaque commemorating the massacre of Native Americans with a pile of puke underneath. That hostile indifference makes more sense than the targeted rage which follows. But then, in a way, the scene is standing in for a whole lifetime of racist dismissals and taunts. For most of his time on the show, Hanzee has been an implacable force of nature, a relentless hunter and gifted tracker who acts according to his own internal code of ethics. In Sioux Falls, the code finally cracks (or else reaches a climax), and the change drives him to turn on his boss when Dodd, being an idiot, calls him a “mongrel” and a “half-breed.”
Advertisement
About Dodd: he was a bully who died by not learning from his mistakes. (Also the bullet.) He struggles against the Blumquists, even managing to get himself free and lay in a trap for Ed, but his refusal to see Peggy as a legitimate threat makes his efforts short-lived. And when Hanzee arrives offering possible salvation, Dodd can't help himself from insulting the other man, taking his loyalty for granted and assuming control the only way he knows how: with endless, unflagging contempt. He was unable to change, and now he's dead, and good riddance, really. As amusing as Jeffrey Donovan's psychotic caveman routine has been, if anyone needed a bullet to the head, it was Dodd.
This all builds to one of the season's most unexpected, lyrical scenes: Hanzee asking Peggy for a haircut. It's at once hilarious, menacing, and somehow tragic, in a way I'm not sure I can articulate. Maybe it's the feeling that Hanzee, after everything, wants to be something else, to escape the spiral he's trapped in, a downward pitch built on centuries of cruelty, bigotry and greed. Or may it's Peggy's confusion at the request, and the way she hesitates with the scissors in her hand, even as Hanzee warns her off. Maybe it's that brief instant right before the cops show up, the blades almost closing on a lock of hair, where it seems like things will be okay.
Maybe it's none of that. It's bad form as a critic, but there are some moments I prefer to simply enjoy, rather than analyze. This was one of them, and it's the sort of moment that only ever seems to happen on this show; some specific combination of hilarity, melancholy, and grace you only ever find in Fargo.
Advertisement
Stray observations
“Don't think about the person you want to be, just be that person.” -imaginary man. (This is a subject for a longer, better researched essay, but I wonder if you could draw a line from the self-help tomfoolery of the ‘70s, with its Zen mantras reworked in the cadence of self-regard and egoism, and the arrogant shine of Reagan's ‘80s. America, facing its long dark night of the soul, chooses to sleep through to the morning when everything's just fine if you just believe.)
The fake-out of having Dodd in the trunk of his car at the start of the episode, only for him to be back at the cabin when Ed finally gets ahold of Mike, was subtle but well-done.
Adding further evidence to the “Hank wasn't in his right mind” theory, Lou has him taken off to the hospital after the events of “Rhinoceros.”
Less violent than the stabbing, but still very creepy: Peggy asks Dodd if he wants beans, he says no, and she goes ahead and feeds him anyway. It's not a malicious act, and that somehow makes it worse.
Dodd escapes while Peggy is caught up watching Operation Eagle's Nest on TV. Once again, Reagan comes to the rescue on screen. I wonder if this specific sequence will come up again before the end. (Also, did that Nazi look a bit like Dodd?)
“Yes. If I kissed you on the mouth when we met, would that be inappropriate.” -Mike, expressing relief
I've been reading some criticism of the show for leaning too hard into the Coen references. This is a legitimate complaint, and one that I hope Hawley takes into account for future seasons. Right now, I tend to ignore the obvious nods (this week, we had a hostage in a cabin with shitty TV reception and a threatening man making a gas station attendant nervous, among other references) just because they don't really have a purpose beyond cleverness, and there are more interesting things to think about. But it's not something that's necessary at all.
CAMDEN � Ben Simmons played point guard alongside projected starters Markelle Fultz, JJ Redick and Robert Covington on Tuesday.
Following Tuesday's initial 76ers' training camp workout, Fultz gushed about being paired with Simmons, saying "I feel sorry for the teams that are going to have to go against that."
Yes, watching the No. 1 pick in the 2016 NBA Draft (Simmons) and the No. 1 pick last June (Fultz) develop should be a lot of fun. Simmons and Fultz are comfortable handling the ball and playing off it, with Simmons' terrific passing ability and Fultz's versatility making them potential high-level players in the league.
Imagine what a blast it should be once Joel Embiid is healthy.
{{tncms-inline account="TomMoorePhilly" html="<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Sixers?src=hash">#Sixers</a> Brown on what Embiid is doing: <a href="https://t.co/FBOrFL3jhc">pic.twitter.com/FBOrFL3jhc</a></p>— Tom Moore (@TomMoorePhilly) <a href="https://twitter.com/TomMoorePhilly/status/912735547864567808">September 26, 2017</a></blockquote>" id="912735547864567808" type="twitter"}}
Journeyman big man Kris Humphries joined those four guys on the first unit Tuesday. While Humphries is a defensive-minded blue-collar player with experience, he can't come close to replacing what Embiid provides the Sixers. Nobody else on the roster can.
Coach Brett Brown knows it, as does everybody else at the team's training facililty on the Camden waterfront and around the NBA.
"He's different (than the other big men)," Brown said on Tuesday of Embiid. "He's a difference-maker."
{{tncms-inline account="TomMoorePhilly" html="<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Joel Embiid working on low-post moves on far court with <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Sixers?src=hash">#Sixers</a> staffer <a href="https://t.co/25VmrfYflZ">pic.twitter.com/25VmrfYflZ</a></p>— Tom Moore (@TomMoorePhilly) <a href="https://twitter.com/TomMoorePhilly/status/912732096296255489">September 26, 2017</a></blockquote>" id="912732096296255489" type="twitter"}}
The centers in camp are Embiid, Richaun Holmes, Amir Johnson, Jahlil Okafor, veteran Emeka Okafor (who has been out of the NBA for four years) and Humphries.
While Holmes might be the second-best fit in the middle for the Sixers, he has nowhere near Embiid's impact at the defensive end, as a rebounder or on offense due to Embiid's ability to score inside and outside.
Holmes could be the replacement starter for Embiid, though Brown kept Embiid with a second team of T.J. McConnell, Jerryd Bayless, Nik Stauskas and Dario Saric on Tuesday.
{{tncms-inline account="TomMoorePhilly" html="<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Sixers?src=hash">#Sixers</a> 1st group and Humphries doing fullcourt drills. <a href="https://t.co/C4FGcIvKF4">pic.twitter.com/C4FGcIvKF4</a></p>— Tom Moore (@TomMoorePhilly) <a href="https://twitter.com/TomMoorePhilly/status/912731223352643584">September 26, 2017</a></blockquote>" id="912731223352643584" type="twitter"}}
Embiid participated in camp drills but not 5-on-5 scrimmaging. Jahlil Okafor (right knee soreness) and Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot (right knee tendinitis) are in the same situation and, like Embiid, won't be scrimmaging in the final three days of camp, either.
Embiid, who wasn't required to talk to the media Tuesday because of not being a full participant, did some shooting and worked on his low-post moves with Sixers staffers during the latter portion of the workout. He rode an exercise bicycle as Brown spoke.
On Monday, Embiid said he hopes to be ready for the Oct. 18 season opener against the Wizards, though he conceded he doesn't expect to appear in all 82 games during the 2016-17 campaign.
{{tncms-inline account="TomMoorePhilly" html="<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Fultz: First day of training camp 'went better than I expected.' <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Sixers?src=hash">#Sixers</a> <a href="https://t.co/svFnm2YXZx">pic.twitter.com/svFnm2YXZx</a></p>— Tom Moore (@TomMoorePhilly) <a href="https://twitter.com/TomMoorePhilly/status/912741209071931392">September 26, 2017</a></blockquote>" id="912741209071931392" type="twitter"}}
The Sixers' preseason schedule consists of five games, beginning Oct. 4 home against the Grizzlies and ending Oct. 13 vs. the Heat in Kansas City. For Embiid to be in the lineup for the opener, he's going to have to play in a few exhibition contests and Sixers officials have repeatedly said they're not going to let him on the floor until he's 100 percent.
Last week, team president of basketball operations Bryan Colangelo said the organization is more concerned about Embiid's long-term health than any potential short-term gains that could result from Embiid playing prematurely.
Colangelo pointed to Embiid's "very hyper-conservative progression toward returning to basketball" when explaining why Embiid still isn't scrimmaging six months after what the Sixers called "successful minor surgery" to repair a torn meniscus in his left knee.
{{tncms-inline account="TomMoorePhilly" html="<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Sixers?src=hash">#Sixers</a> Simmons: 'I'm a winner' <a href="https://t.co/PPgZd8Gntx">pic.twitter.com/PPgZd8Gntx</a></p>— Tom Moore (@TomMoorePhilly) <a href="https://twitter.com/TomMoorePhilly/status/912739709352382467">September 26, 2017</a></blockquote>" id="912739709352382467" type="twitter"}}
Embiid needs to increase his cardiovascular workouts and drop a little weight as he progresses to full basketball activities.
While saying all the right things, Embiid clearly is itching to show what he can do.
"I can't wait to be back on the court," Embiid told reporters Monday.
Brown and his teammates can't wait, either.
{{tncms-inline account="TomMoorePhilly" html="<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Sixers?src=hash">#Sixers</a> group meeting on court after practice <a href="https://t.co/8U2CUupPOP">pic.twitter.com/8U2CUupPOP</a></p>— Tom Moore (@TomMoorePhilly) <a href="https://twitter.com/TomMoorePhilly/status/912730185023320064">September 26, 2017</a></blockquote>" id="912730185023320064" type="twitter"}}
Brown repeated Tuesday that the Sixers' 2017-18 goal remains to make the playoffs, which figures to require 40 or more wins. But the chance that happens decreases each time Embiid, who has played in 31 of a possible 246 games, sits out in the regular season.
Wanting Brown to develop a young core and win with the likelihood of Embiid being on a minutes restriction and not playing in back-to-back games � which might be the best-case scenario � to start the season might be expecting too much.
Tom Moore: 215-345-3127; email: tmoore@calkins.com; Twitter: @TomMoorePhilly
This photograph is… striking. It's easy to make a quick joke about like, “Hey! Check out the latest Wii U accessory!” but we took it a few steps further. We've tracked down Benjamin Lok, a doctor who worked on the project to ask him exactly what's going on in the photo, and his answers were fascinating.
We came across the photo when comedian Rob Delaney tweeted it earlier this month:
Like we said: It's easy to make a joke about, but we wanted to know what was going on. We know that the medical profession uses simulators for various procedures to let students practice techniques without putting anyone (or their butts) in harm's way, but this is unlike anything we've ever seen. We had to know more.
We went down the single weirdest Google search rabbit hole we've ever been a part of, but at the end of it we found Dr. Benjamin Lok. He worked on the prostate exam simulator in the photo. Obviously — because someone has his hand in a robot butt — we had some questions.
Glen Tickle: So what exactly are we looking at this photograph?
Dr. Lok: The image shows a medical student practicing a prostate exam on a virtual patient. The virtual patient prostate exam simulation is designed to help students practice and reduce anxiety with intimate exams. In the experience, the student talks to a virtual person and is able to practice their communication skills. The students can conduct a realistic prostate exam on the plastic mannequin. The mannequin is instrumented with force sensors that can measure where the student is examining and with how much pressure. This enables the system to provide a realistic encounter with a virtual patient that includes communication and physical exam components.
Intimate exams (including the clinical breast exam and prostate exam) are extremely high stakes and high impact scenarios for medical students. However, currently there are few tools to enable the practice and acclimation to what are very anxiety generating interactions. Currently, students receive minimal practice and interaction in intimate exams due to the high cost for training and high anxiety nature of the exams.
So our research group has spent the past 4 years exploring whether we can improve medical students preparation and performance in intimate exams using simulations, such as the one seen in the photograph.
Did you create this simulator?
Working with Dr. Carla Pugh, University of Wisconsin, who invented a mannequin with sensors on the prostate to track student performance, we combined the prostate simulator with my research group's (www.virtualpatientsgroup.com) work into virtual patients simulation. The resulting experience is a life-sized, realistic virtual person that medical students can speak and gesture with to interact. Furthermore, the medical students can perform a realistic prostate exam using the physical simulator. This combination of real and virtual elements is called mixed reality.
How was it developed?
This work was supported by the National Science Foundation. The work explored if virtual humans could provide anxiety-reducing, and skill-enhancing training experiences for medical students.
Is it currently being used?
This work has been piloted at both Drexel University Dr. D. Scott Lind and the University of Florida. The promising results will hopefully lead to this simulation being mandatory.
While researching this image to find you we came across a number of analog prostate exam simulators. How is this device different?
This simulation has two distinct differences than analog prostate exam simulators. First the simulator is connected to an interactive virtual human patient. This virtual human patient (named Patrick), can talk to the learner, expresses fears and concerns about the prostate exam, and presents a realistic patient encounter.This enables the student to work on their interpersonal skills.
Second, the simulator has force sensors embedded into the prostate that tracks student performance. This enables two things: 1. The student gets real-time feedback on how they are doing, including coverage of the prostate being examined and the amount of pressure being applied. Consider this, how would a medical student know if they are doing a good prostate exam? Currently it is impossible for the educator to gauge performance. This simulation provides performance, feedback, and an opportunity to learn and lower anxiety.
The most frequent joke we saw about the image is that the simulator is some sort of peripheral for a video game console, but that doesn't seem like a bad idea to us. Do you think consoles like the PS4 or Xbox One could be used in medical training?
The PS4 and XBox One are powerful computers, no different than a PC. So from a functional perspective (that is computational power), consoles can easily provide the computational power to do training. With the console's cheap price and fantastic computational power, they can be used for training.
How interactive is the software? Does the on-screen patient react based on the procedure?
Absolutely. That's the whole idea. Patrick expresses fears when the learner brings up the need for a prostate exam. Thus the student needs to learn and practice empathy. How many of us have gone to the doctor and wished they had worked on their bedside manner skills? My group aims to use simulation to address this critical need!
How do you feel about the attention you and the simulator have gotten now that the image has gone viral?
I understand that the image will likely generate a response by the viewer, spanning the gamut from humor, to disgust, to curiosity. However, this is important, novel work to help medical students improve their patient communication skills, especially in intimate exams.
This work has very serious scientific underpinnings to improve healthcare in the United States. This work was published in the largest, international virtual reality conference (IEEE Virtual Reality 2013) and the work can be viewed here:
I ask the reader to recall if they have had encounters with medical professionals where they wished more empathy or sympathy should have been expressed. We are working to train the next generation of health care providers on their interpersonal skills.
—
We'd like to thank Dr. Lok for taking the time to answer our questions, even though those questions were mostly about a robotic butt. It's important work that could lead to much more pleasant doctor/patient interaction, and for that too, we thank Dr. Lok and the team that built Patrick.
(Image via Dr. Benjamin Lok)
Meanwhile in related links
We were supposed to be able to report on the new Boss Update for Minecraft Pocket Edition and Windows 10 Beta. Unfortunately, the release of ocean monuments, new boss battles, and introduction to slash commands has been put on hold.
Minecraft PR Aubrey Norris announced via Twitter that the update was being delayed due to a catastrophic glitch. It seems that creepers were able to explode through walls without being able to even see the player character. This would have been a game-breaking bug for a lot of players considering creepers not only destroy the blocks around them in a radius but pack enough punch to kill the player and send them straight back to spawn.
Hey MCPE players- we need to hold release of the Boss Update for a few days to fix a bad bug we found with creepers. Stay tuned! ?? — Aubrey Norris (@Chupacaubrey) October 18, 2016
Ever since its announcement at Minecon, the Boss Update has been an exciting topic for PE and Windows 10 players. It's even updating the Minecraft Gear VR edition to support the use of an Xbox One controller. Players will also have access to the new Add-On platform to install new maps and content into their games conveniently from the Minecraft.net website. It's safe to say that a lot of die-hard fans holding their breath with anticipation.
There isn't an estimated time as of yet for the taming of the creepers. Aubrey said that she hopes it'll just be a few days. Hopefully, it won't be long before the update rolls out.
But what can you do? Creepers gonna creep.
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
“Unfortunately, even in liberated areas citizen journalists are not safe from arbitrary arrest.”
Mahmoud a-Shami, a video journalist from rebel-controlled south Damascus, posted the above quote to his personal Facebook page in early December, commenting on a series of violations committed by opposition factions against local journalists.
At the time, a-Shami, who has previously reported to Syria Direct on FSA defections in south Damascus and whose videography has been featured on Al Jazeera, had no idea that less than two weeks later, he would himself be arrested, tortured and forced to sign a false confession by an FSA-affiliated brigade.
In the following interview with Syria Direct's Ammar Hammou, a-Shami recounts how he was detained in a “dark cellar” for more than a month by members of the Ababil Houran Brigade in the south Damascus town of Beit Sahm.
“First they accused me of “espionage and treason,” saying that I was working for the regime… later the accusation changed to pledging allegiance to the Islamic State,” says a-Shami.
Throughout his detainment, a-Shami was “severely” tortured using a technique called “a-shabah” [the ghost], in which the detainee is suspended off the ground for hours at a time.
“I had only heard of this type of torture from people who had spent time in Assad's prisons,” says a-Shami.
After enduring a month of detainment and torture, a-Shami was released two weeks ago through a prisoner exchange agreement.
“I am telling this story to send a message to the opposition calling on them to face up to their mistakes so that the Syrian people do not trade one tyranny for another.”
Q: What was the reason for your recent disappearance?
I was arrested by members of the Ababil Houran Brigade while passing one of their command posts in the South Damascus village of Beit Sahm. They held me at the command post without telling me the reason for my arrest.
Q: What was the accusation directed against you?
First they accused me of “espionage and treason,” saying that I was working for the regime. The accusation was based on a video report I published with Al Jazeera several months prior, which discussed the Free Syrian Army's resistance to repeated attacks by pro-regime Shiite militias.
At that time, Shiite militias were heavily mortaring the south Damascus front. Later the accusation changed to “pledging allegiance to the Islamic State.”
Q: Can you recount some of what you underwent during your detainment?
When I was arrested they placed me, blindfolded and shoeless, in a vehicle. The men beat me and cursed at me the whole time I was in the vehicle until we reached the prison, where they placed me in a dark cellar.
That first night I couldn't sleep at all, partly because of fear and partly because of the cold.
The next day, masked men came and blindfolded me again and tied my hands behind my back. At this point they attached me to something they call the “mashbaha” and lifted me up so that my feet were no longer touching the ground.
I had only heard of this type of torture from people who had spent time in Assad's prisons. While I was in that position, suspended in the air, the interrogator beat me with a whip.
I was tortured and beaten throughout the interrogation regarding the video report I published with Al Jazeera. They asked me who I sent the report to and I told them I was an independent video journalist and had sent it to Al Jazeera. But they didn't believe me.
Later they changed the accusation to “pledging allegiance to the Islamic State” and moved me to a holding cell for people accused of being Islamic State sympathizers. At this point they started another interrogation into my affiliation to the Islamic State. When I denied any affiliation to the group, they tortured me severely. When I couldn't bear the torture any longer I confessed to pledging allegiance to the Islamic State and they took me and photographed my written confession.
Later the warden came to my cell and told me to gather my belongings because I was being released as part of a prisoner exchange with civilians from Islamic State controlled territory.
Q: Has this event changed your position toward the revolution and opposition fighters?
I'm not recounting this story as an insult to the revolution and those fighting the regime. I am telling this story to send a message to the opposition, calling on them to face up to their mistakes so that the Syrian people do not trade one tyranny for another.
What prevents you from working in the open?
I work for an open source company on an open source project and still I encounter on a daily basis that people who are working on open source software prefer to work in private (from time to time). They do not discuss technical questions on public mailing lists, the normal chat goes on in internal chat rooms instead of public IRC, and new features are rather demoed on private video conference channels than as e.g. Hangout on Air.
There are of course good reasons that communication has to be in private: if customers or customer data are involved, then (especially for a public company) private conversations are needed. Similar for sales numbers or other financial aspects. The reality is though that engineers most of the time don't hear any sales numbers. And most customer cases are just general software problems that can be openly discussed when not mentioning the customer name. Which brings me to the question why people are not collaborating in the open—especially when the resulting source code is published to a public repository like GitHub.
Fear of leakage
When you are working with customers, there are always groups like customer support that cannot work in the open, which means they do not join public IRC channels but private ones, to keep customer data private. Engineers working on such a customer case may always have a latent fear that discussing case details may leak customer data and discussions on them always happen on internal channels no matter if any customer specific issue is discussed or not. Which brings me to the next point.
The effort of selection and switching
When you work on internal channels for customer related data (and because the respective colleagues are only available that way), one has to constantly think and decide if a certain message can go to public channels or not. One can understand that such case comments are made on the internal channels and to get a coherent stream of thought should still stay on the internal channel. Talks about other non-customer related issues should on the opposite go to the public channels, which means switching channels all the time. Such selection and switching of channels certainly is an effort which people try to avoid.
Uncertainty
There may also be cases where engineers are working on a feature request or bug of a customer that is not specific to any customer at all. And still there is a lingering uncertainty if the work can be discussed in the open or not. So that in doubt the discussion happens in private again.
Fear of distraction
While community contribution is (said to be) always welcome, it can also be seen as a source of distraction. A core member of a project has to possibly interrupt her work, start thinking into the point of view of the community member, and then get back into the original work. This can be from time to time distracting, especially when you have some time boxed releases, so this may not be welcome.
Perceived lack of benefit
Our project has a rather small community, which may bring up the question why to discuss things in public if no one seems interested? Why go through all the above hoops? Does a tree really fall in the woods if there is no observer?
Lack of self-confidence
Another possible reason may be a fear of accountability and traceability. This may sound funny at first as the source code ends up in the public repository. The more underlying cause here may be a lack of self-confidence. Discussions in public that are recorded as chat-logs, videos from feature demos, or blog posts allow others to give critical feedback and can make the person feel unconfident.
I am a firm believer that working in the open is good. Even with a small community. Doing work in the open allows you to get input from community members, which enriches the knowledge of the problem domain. Others give a totally different perspective and probably list use cases you have never thought of. Also if community members are included in the overall community, they feel better and start contributing more. For ideas on how to contribute in ways other than code, see my article: 10 ways to contribute to an open source project without writing code.
My encounters with community members have been very good, as everyone is very friendly and meeting community members in person is always fun. So what can we do to overcome the obstacles I've listed above?
The exchange rate has been a major topic of President Hu Jintao's visit to the United States this week.
And yet, while Beijing has allowed some appreciation against the dollar since mid-2010, the change has been small and is likely to remain so in the near future, analysts say.
The Chinese economy, buoyed by ample lending and significant state investment projects, powered ahead last year, overtaking Japan to become the world's second-largest, after the United States.
Inflation, which has become a major concern for the authorities in recent months, came in at 3.3 percent for the full year, above the official target of 3 percent, while the data for December showed consumer prices were up 4.8 percent from a year earlier.
This was lower than the 5.1 percent inflation seen in November, but still a worrying one in the eyes of ordinary Chinese, who have been complaining of rising food prices, with some staples increasing 25 percent in the last few months.
Moreover, many economists expect the pace of inflation to pick up again in coming months because of adverse weather conditions and other seasonal factors like the Lunar New Year holiday in February, which triggers higher household spending. Rising wages also have fanned inflation pressures in recent months.
“It's clear that the government policy stance has shifted” from worrying about growth to controlling inflation, said Arthur Kroeber, head of the economics research company Dragonomics, based in Beijing.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Over the last year, the government has taken a series of incremental steps to tighten growth and curb inflation. The so-called reserve requirement ratio for state-controlled banks — which effectively dictates the amount that lenders have to set aside against loans, limiting how much they can lend — has been raised seven times since early 2010, most recently on Jan. 14. The Chinese central bank also has nudged up interest rates twice in recent months.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
However, these steps have had only a moderate effect on the pace of growth. Bank lending continues to surge, and on Thursday, the government reported that fixed-asset investment rose 23.8 percent in 2010, while property investment soared 33.2 percent.
“In sum, growth has not been significantly impacted by tightening measures. Instead, it continues to fuel inflation by boosting demand for both producer and consumer goods and services,” Ken Peng, an economist at Citigroup, commented in a note on Thursday. “This should give the green light for authorities to continue to tighten policy to contain inflation expectations.”
Many analysts believe that another rate increase, a higher reserve ratio for banks and other measures aimed more specifically at sectors like housing could come within weeks.
Economists at HSBC, in a note published Thursday, predicted that the first rate increase of 2011 “could come as early as before Lunar New Year,” which begins on Feb. 3.
Speculation about higher interest rates helped send stock markets in China and elsewhere lower on Thursday. The Shanghai composite index sagged 2.9 percent, while in Hong Kong the Hang Seng index fell 1.7 percent.
Some analysts also say that one way to combat inflation would be to allow the Chinese currency to strengthen. A stronger renminbi would make it cheaper for Chinese companies to import raw materials and goods from abroad, helping keep down the price inflation of finished goods at home.
But analysts do not expect Beijing to move quickly on the exchange rate. Brian Jackson, an economist with the Royal Bank of Canada in Hong Kong, said in a note that he expected the renminbi to strengthen to 6.20 against the dollar by the end of the year. This would only be a small change from 6.59, at which the currency traded on Thursday.
Moreover, Mr. Kroeber of Dragonomics said that it was China's economic performance, rather than American pressure, that could prompt any more marked strengthening.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“They can say, ‘You don't have a lot of credibility running an economic system and we do,”‘ Mr. Kroeber said. “It's according to their needs.”
Seen broadly, the numbers offer another insight into China's changing economy. The government now seems able to avoid the boom-bust cycles, unlike in the 1980s and 1990s, that were prominent during the first decades of economic reform.
“The cycles have flattened out,” said Helen Qiao, an economist with Goldman Sachs, “so the swings are not so dramatic.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The Obama administration has stepped up efforts to protect abortion clinics from protesters illegally impeding access to clinic grounds. NPR reported Thursday that the Department of Justice is bringing more civil suits against protesters who trespass and block access to clinics:
The numbers are most stark when it comes to civil lawsuits, which seek to create buffer zones around clinic entrances for people who have blocked access in the past. Under the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act, or FACE Act, the Justice Department's civil rights division has filed eight civil cases since the start of the Obama administration. That's a big increase over the George W. Bush years, when one case was filed in eight years.
Given the increasing attacks on abortion clinics around the country by lawmakers hell-bent on making abortion inaccessible, if not illegal, this is good news. But the piece also points out that there have been a number of incidents of violence in the past few months that should reiterate the need to take threats to clinics seriously. A Planned Parenthood office in McKinney, Texas and the Summit Women's Center in Detroit were both attacked with Molotov cocktails this summer, and a Wisconsin man was charged with attempted first-degree intentional homicide after threatening to shoot abortion providers.
As Sharon Levin, vice president at the National Abortion Federation, notes in the NPR piece, protesters who commit minor violations, like trespassing, often end up escalating to more violent acts if they aren't prosecuted.
After twenty-eight years in the business, A.J. Martin's passion for antique and vintage jewelry still shines. And according to Dustin Tittle, who has worked with Martin since 2010, “A.J.'s one of the least judgmental people I've ever met, and has had LGBT people in both her family and circle of friends since she was old enough to have either.” Tittle, a Vandy grad and a gay man, manages the shop, and he created and maintains their website and Etsy store.
Tittle's progress from seasonal help in late 2010 to junior partner in the present is indicative of Martin's openness toward LGBT people. She gave Tittle a chance, though his background in history and art history might not have indicated this career path, but he said, “I have an appreciation for it because so many of the pieces in our store are literal works of art. Art Deco engagement rings, retro right hand rings, or more modern pieces, it doesn't matter. They're all so unique and different!”
They know LGBT couples in middle Tennessee don't have a lot of options when it comes to openly LGBT-affirming jewelers. “We want them to know they can come here and not be judged. We just want to help people find the right piece of jewelry for them, or make it for them,” she said. In fact, Tittle and his partner, Matt Riddlehoover, just married, exchanging rings made by Martin.
Often LGBT couples arrive at their shop, not knowing how they'll be treated or whether they'll be served at all: “They don't clearly establish that they're a couple,” Tittle explained, “until we either ask or it gets to the point where they can't tell us. There's a timidity about it.” The ice broken, the jewelers have the opportunity to provide a welcoming and affirming experience. “We develop a rapport with them and, in no time at all, they've gone from standoffish at best (or uncomfortable at worst) to relaxed. Buying an engagement ring, anniversary present, or birthday present for the person you love is stressful enough; you don't need the added stress of having to hide who you are.”
Helping people find just the right piece to express their happiness is always gratifying, Tittle said. “The engagement ring is unlike almost anything else you'll ever buy, because it—by definition—is something you intend to wear forever…. It's symbolic of something that can't be described.” Looking at it conjures memories, and, unfortunately, for LGBT couples those memories might include the time a jeweler sneered at the idea of serving a couple ‘like them.' ”
That's why it's so important that businesses like A.J. Martin Estate Jewelry make a clear statement of affirmation: they'll help and serve LGBT people with respect, doing nothing to mar the memory the day someone bought the perfect ring. See http://www.ajmartinonline.com for more information.
Perhaps this will settle the great pizza debate once and for all. According to GQ's June issue, a local pizza joint makes the best pie in the country -- and no, it's not deep dish or stuffed.
Head over to Andersonville's Great Lake (1477 West Balmoral Ave.) and try the Mortadella pie to see what all the fuss is about.
The author traveled 20,000 miles across the country in search of the "25 best pizzas you'll ever eat" and fell in love with owner Nick Lessins's creation. He touts the fresh ingredients, such as the freshly-made in-house mozzarella and aromatic fresh marjoram instead of basil, and calls is "slightly shy of unbelievable."
We're guessing the rest of the world is just finding out what most Andersonville residents have known all along. Whether they're happy about that is a different story, because if you think the lines were long enough already ...
It's that wonderful time of year again. That time where drifts of snow gently brush against evergreens, chimneys billowing smoke, and families gathered around the fire sipping cocoa… or well they would be if they weren't still stuck at the damn airport! Oh yes, the holidays are a season filled with joy, but they almost inevitably are interrupted by two ubiquitously annoying words ‘delayed' and ‘cancelled.' I'm driving this year for Christmas, but in years past I too have fallen victim to the weather delays that seem to cripple the airline industry every year around the holidays. It sucks, really. Everyone is in a terrible mood and nobody wants to be there. People are tired, stressed, and at the end of their ropes… it's kind of like a Walking Dead prequel, complete with zombies; but, Elbit Systems might have the cure to our holiday travel woes.
Elbit Systems, the market leader in enhanced vision systems, recently revealed a new avionics device, Skylens, which is a new HMD for pilots that allows them to see in even the worst weather conditions. The Skylens allows pilots to enhance their vision in three ways, according to Dror Yahav, VP of Elbit's commercial aviation division. Utilizing a transparent video screen, the system provides a real time image from a high resolution camera “that sees better than your eyes,” symbology – an AR HUD for pilots, and “synthetic vision” in which they “analyze the outside world and create three dimensional imagery.” That last one sounds an awful lot like it could be live virtual reality, like a flight simulator – but in real time and, well, not a simulation. The combination of these three features allow pilots to have the ability to fly, and most importantly land, in almost any weather condition. The device, which recently took home an award for “new product innovation”, is currently undergoing testing for airworthiness and is expected to become available in 2016.
According to Yahav, this device has the potential to save the commercial aviation industry “billions” which could translate to more savings, as well as a better experience for consumers. Honestly, anything that could help clear up the massive airport traffic jam is awesome in my book, the savings would just be a fantastic extra bonus. Travel safe this holiday season, because (surprise!) a winter storm is poised to disrupt travel once again.
EU Referendum: circumventing the barriers 08/08/2015
Follow @eureferendum
Reuters
This has to be the ultimate irony – to say nothing of the demonstrable failure of the "fortress" policy. It was almost exactly three years ago that the Greek government deployed more than 1,800 additional police officers in Operation Aspida (Shield) on the land border with Turkey to stem the flow of migrants, then commissioning the construction of a four-metre-high barbed-wire fence, the works costing more than €3 million.
By the end of October 2012, it looked as if the strategy had been successful. Less than ten migrants a week were making it across the border. Overall, crossings dropped from 15,877 in the first five months of 2012 to 336 in the same period in 2013.
Predictably – so very predictably – the migrant focus shifted to the next (and last) land route, via Bulgaria. Sharing a land border with Turkey, in 2013, this country experienced a significant rise in asylum applications, from 1,387 in 2012 to 7,144 in 2013, peaking in the second half of the year, the vast majority were fleeing the conflict in Syria.
The Bulgarian response was to devise a "containment plan", deploying 1,500 additional police to patrol the border. This was followed by the construction of a security fence on a 20-mile stretch of the country's 170-mile border, run mainly through forested, hilly areas where visibility for border patrols was limited.
A 50-mile extension was then announced in January 2015, at an estimated cost of €46 million, after the number of asylum seekers successfully crossing the border had been cut from around 11,000 in 2013 to 6,000 in 2014, while the number of attempts to cross from Turkey had doubled to 38,500.
What then happened is that the migrants shifted their focus to the Black Sea, coming in via the "back door" to Macedonia and thence into Hungary, whence this country is
In response to this, the migrants are now travelling to the remoter reaches of Turkey, on the western flanks, where they can make the short sea hops to the Greek islands of Lesbos, Chios and. Kos, the latter only three miles from the Turkish mainland.
Thus, what comes round goes round. Greece, having been amongst the first, after Spain, to erect fences to keep out the migrants, is now again taking the brunt of exodus, having received about 124,000 arrivals by sea this year, mostly from Turkey. The migrants in the main originate from Syria, but also Iraq and Afghanistan.
Needless to say, the influx has piled pressure on Greece's services at a time when its own citizens are struggling, and the government is negotiating with the EU and the IMF for fresh loans to stave off economic collapse.
Boatloads of migrants arriving every day had triggered a "humanitarian crisis within the economic crisis," Tsipras says, then adding: "The EU is being tested on the issue of Greece. It has responded negatively on the economic front - that's my view. I hope it will respond positively on the humanitarian front".
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR), on the other hand, has called on Greece to take control of the "total chaos" on Mediterranean islands. This is in the form of Vincent Cochetel, UNHCR director for Europe. "I have never seen a situation like that. This is the European Union and this is totally shameful", he says.
After visiting the island, he declared: "The level of suffering we have seen on the islands is unbearable. People arrive thinking they are in the European Union. What we have seen was not anything acceptable in terms of standards of treatment".
Meanwhile, little more has been heard after
An international NGO had said it suspected the involvement of "mafia gangs", while also noting that the Greek coastguard had previously engaged in activities designed to deter migrants from trying to make their way to Greek shores. Reports of attacks on migrants were particularly common around the Greek island of Lesbos in the east Aegean Sea.
This is possibly the tip of the iceberg, as a rise in attacks on migrants
"Future historians", he writes, "will struggle in vain to understand the suicidal masochism that impelled politicians to hand over the continent that is the cradle of civilisation to a devastating invasion. But they will struggle even harder to comprehend why the inhabitants of so many countries meekly submitted to conquest".
If this is what passes for intelligent comment – hugely popular in some quarters – then the failure of the fences is the least of our problems. Der Breitbart presages something altogether
And, as we surround ourselves with more and more miles of razor wire, and the Reuters is reporting along with many others the call from Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras for the EU to help in handling tens of thousands of refugees coming in to Greece from Syria, Afghanistan and other war zones.This has to be the ultimate irony – to say nothing of the demonstrable failure of the "fortress" policy. It was almost exactly three years ago that the Greek government deployed more than 1,800 additional police officers in Operation Aspida (Shield) on the land border with Turkey to stem the flow of migrants, then commissioning the construction of a four-metre-high barbed-wire fence, the works costing more than €3 million.By the end of October 2012, it looked as if the strategy had been successful. Less than ten migrants a week were making it across the border. Overall, crossings dropped from 15,877 in the first five months of 2012 to 336 in the same period in 2013.Predictably – so very predictably – the migrant focus shifted to the next (and last) land route, via Bulgaria. Sharing a land border with Turkey, in 2013, this country experienced a significant rise in asylum applications, from 1,387 in 2012 to 7,144 in 2013, peaking in the second half of the year, the vast majority were fleeing the conflict in Syria.The Bulgarian response was to devise a "containment plan", deploying 1,500 additional police to patrol the border. This was followed by the construction of a security fence on a 20-mile stretch of the country's 170-mile border, run mainly through forested, hilly areas where visibility for border patrols was limited.A 50-mile extension was then announced in January 2015, at an estimated cost of €46 million, after the number of asylum seekers successfully crossing the border had been cut from around 11,000 in 2013 to 6,000 in 2014, while the number of attempts to cross from Turkey had doubled to 38,500.What then happened is that the migrants shifted their focus to the Black Sea, coming in via the "back door" to Macedonia and thence into Hungary, whence this country is about to complete a 109-mile fence along its border.In response to this, the migrants are now travelling to the remoter reaches of Turkey, on the western flanks, where they can make the short sea hops to the Greek islands of Lesbos, Chios and. Kos, the latter only three miles from the Turkish mainland.Thus, what comes round goes round. Greece, having been amongst the first, after Spain, to erect fences to keep out the migrants, is now again taking the brunt of exodus, having received about 124,000 arrivals by sea this year, mostly from Turkey. The migrants in the main originate from Syria, but also Iraq and Afghanistan.Needless to say, the influx has piled pressure on Greece's services at a time when its own citizens are struggling, and the government is negotiating with the EU and the IMF for fresh loans to stave off economic collapse.Boatloads of migrants arriving every day had triggered a "humanitarian crisis within the economic crisis," Tsipras says, then adding: "The EU is being tested on the issue of Greece. It has responded negatively on the economic front - that's my view. I hope it will respond positively on the humanitarian front".The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR), on the other hand, has called on Greece to take control of the "total chaos" on Mediterranean islands. This is in the form of Vincent Cochetel, UNHCR director for Europe. "I have never seen a situation like that. This is the European Union and this is totally shameful", he says.After visiting the island, he declared: "The level of suffering we have seen on the islands is unbearable. People arrive thinking they are in the European Union. What we have seen was not anything acceptable in terms of standards of treatment".Meanwhile, little more has been heard after initial report that migrants trying to sail from Turkey to Greece were being attacked by gunmen trying to prevent them from reaching.An international NGO had said it suspected the involvement of "mafia gangs", while also noting that the Greek coastguard had previously engaged in activities designed to deter migrants from trying to make their way to Greek shores. Reports of attacks on migrants were particularly common around the Greek island of Lesbos in the east Aegean Sea.This is possibly the tip of the iceberg, as a rise in attacks on migrants has been recorded in Germany, while the "hate speech" from the likes of Gerald Warner in Breitbart continue, as he dubs migrants in Calais "illiterate criminals"."Future historians", he writes, "will struggle in vain to understand the suicidal masochism that impelled politicians to hand over the continent that is the cradle of civilisation to a devastating invasion. But they will struggle even harder to comprehend why the inhabitants of so many countries meekly submitted to conquest".If this is what passes for intelligent comment – hugely popular in some quarters – then the failure of the fences is the least of our problems.presages something altogether more sinister , pointing the way to a society where tolerance and humanity has succumbed to the failures of policy, leaving us in a very ugly place.And, as we surround ourselves with more and more miles of razor wire, and the bodycount mounts up , a solution looks no closer than ever it was.
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan has approved a constitutional reform bill that would vastly strengthen the powers of his office and a referendum on the issue is likely on April 16, officials said on Friday.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan makes a speech during his meeting with mukhtars at the Presidential Palace in Ankara, Turkey, February 8, 2017. Yasin Bulbul/Presidential Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Erdoğan's supporters see the plans to replace Turkey's parliamentary democracy with an all-powerful presidency as a guarantee of stability at a time of turmoil. Opponents fear a lurch towards authoritarianism in a country which has seen tens of thousands of people, from journalists to military, detained since a failed coup last July.
A brief statement on the presidency web site said the bill - which would enable the president to issue decrees, declare emergency rule, appoint ministers and top state officials and dissolve parliament - had been sent to the prime minister's office to be published and submitted to a referendum.
“With the president's approval, eyes are now on the YSK (High Election Board). The YSK will probably announce that April 16 is the appropriate date for a referendum,” Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told reporters.
Erdoğan says the reform will prevent a return to the fragile parliamentary coalitions of the past and is needed at a time when Turkey faces unprecedented security threats, from a series of Islamic State and Kurdish militant bombings to the failed coup.
DIVISIVE CAMPAIGN
Turkey is set for a divisive campaign, with the reforms needing only a simple majority to win passage. The President and his officials dominate broadcasting and opponents complain they are unable to make their voices heard effectively.
Erdoğan, who first assumed power as prime minister in 2003, says those who vote against the change would be providing encouragement to militant groups seeking to divide the nation.
Even before official campaigning begins, he and government officials have used televised speeches at everything from hospital openings to joint press conferences with visiting heads of state in recent weeks to lobby for a “yes” vote.
The two main opposition parties say the proposals would strip away balances to the already considerable influence Erdoğan wields over government.
The uncertainty has worried investors, already unnerved by a slowing economy, tumbling lira, and a deteriorating security environment. Ratings agency S&P cited concern about the executive presidency, which it said could limit parliamentary and judicial oversight, when it lowered its outlook for Turkey to “negative” from “stable” last month.
Erdoğan assumed the presidency, a largely ceremonial position, in 2014 after over a decade as prime minister. Since then, pushing his powers to the limit, he has continued to dominate politics by dint of his personal popularity.
Parliament approved the reform bill last month with more than the minimum 330 votes in the 550-seat assembly. If the legislation is approved in the April referendum, it could pave the way for Erdoğan to remain in office until 2029.
The Canadian government and Kurdish officials are publicly at odds over a Canadian soldier's death in a friendly fire incident in Iraq.
The death of Sgt. Andrew Joseph Doiron on Friday marked Canada's first casualty as part of the U.S.-led coalition's war on the extremist Islamic State in Iraq and Syria group.
Kurdish officials said Sunday that Doiron was killed after he and other Canadian soldiers showed up to the front line unannounced to call in airstrikes.
"They went to the front line to direct airstrikes because the area was attacked by ISIS the day before," Hezhar Ismail, director of co-ordination and relations for the peshmerga, the Kurdish fighters, told The Associated Press.
Another peshmerga spokesman, Halgurd Hekmat, said the group of Canadians had been in the village of Bashiq, in Iraq's Nineveh province near the militant-held city of Mosul.
"When they returned, the peshmerga asked them to identify themselves," Hekmat told the AP. "They answered in Arabic, that's when peshmerga started shooting. It was their fault."
We would ask that the Kurdish authorities ... co-operate with our inquiries, so that we can get to the bottom of this terribly tragic accident and ensure that it does not happen again. - Defence Minister Jason Kenney
But a high-level Canadian government source disputed that account, telling CBC News that Doiron and three fellow soldiers were a couple hundred metres from the front line and had pre-arranged a rendezvous with Kurdish troops that went awry.
The Canadian team had been at the location earlier in the day "to co-ordinate events to take place later" and had arranged a time to return that night, with pre-determined signals to identify themselves to the Kurdish troops, according to the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity. "Special forces don't freelance," he said, disputing the Kurdish account that they showed up unannoucned. He added that the soldiers had operated using this system before.
The Canadians arrived for the rendezvous and were acknowledged by two separate groups of peshmerga fighters without incident, the source said. A third peshmerga group, however, engaged them by opening fire.
Separately, Defence Minister Jason Kenney was also adamant that the Canadian soldiers were well behind the front lines when Doiron was killed. "They were approaching a Kurdish observation post behind the forward operating line," he said in an interview with CBC News. "They clearly identified themselves, and our understanding is that they were given permission to proceed toward the observation post....
"One of the Kurdish militiamen began to shoot at the four Canadian soldiers and others joined. So this appears to have been a tragic case case of mistaken identity."
Minister of national defence says Kurdish accounts of the death of Sgt. Andrew Joseph Doiron do not correspond to reports received from Canadian forces in Iraq 9:37
CBC News has also learned that the three surviving soldiers suffered injuries that are considered non-fatal, and one of them has been evacuated to Germany for medical treatment.
Kenney later tweeted that he thanked U.S. Secretary of Defence Ashton Carter "for the excellent medical support offered to our soldiers by U.S. military" following the incident.
The Canadian military also denied that the group was in the area to direct airstrikes.
"I can confirm it's a big no. They were not there to conduct airstrikes," said Daniel Lebouthillier, a spokesman for the Canadian military.
Kenney told CBC News that the Canadian government is launching two investigations into the incident.
"We would ask that the Kurdish authorities — rather than speculating about this — co-operate with our inquiries, so that we can get to the bottom of this terribly tragic accident and ensure that it does not happen again."
Family asks for privacy
Canada's military on Saturday announced the death of Doiron, a soldier in the Canadian Special Operations Regiment based at Garrison Petawawa, Ont. .
The flag at the entrance to Garrison Petawawa, Ont., is seen flying at half mast on Sunday in honour of the death of Sgt. Andrew Joseph Doiron. (Kamil Karamali/CBC)
Doiron's family released a brief statement Sunday evening asking for privacy and time to grieve.
"Our son gave all, and through his loss, we gave all," it read. "We've lost our beloved son."
Canada sent 69 special forces soldiers to assist Kurdish peshmerga fighters in what the government calls an advising and assisting role. They were sent to help train Kurdish fighters last September in a mission that was billed as noncombat with the elite troops working far behind the front lines.
Canadian soldiers have been helping the Kurdish fighters by directing coalition airstrikes against ISIS fighters, a role generally considered risky because it means they are close to the battle against the militants. The fact that Canadian special forces have been involved so close to the front lines has stirred controversy in the country, but Kenney said the rules of engagement will remain the same.
Doiron's body may be flown back Tuesday
The Canadians' efforts complement those of the United States, which has conducted the vast majority of the airstrikes against the ISIS group. But in their new role, the Canadians are performing a task in targeting airstrikes that so far the U.S. has been unwilling to do. Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has repeatedly said the U.S. would consider directing attacks from the ground but that it has not yet done so.
Defence Minister Jason Kenney acknowledged the death of Canadian soldier Sgt. Andrew Doiron in Iraq was "a case of mistaken identity." (Fred Chartrand/Canadian Press)
A Canadian military official said Doiron's body won't be flown back to Canada until Tuesday at the earliest and there will be a repatriation ceremony. The official spoke on condition of anonymity as he was not authorized to comment publicly. Kurdish officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, had said earlier that the body would be flown back Sunday following a military ceremony at Irbil International Airport.
ISIS currently holds a third of Iraq and Syria. The U.S.-led coalition began airstrikes targeting the extremists in August.
So far, four other troops have been killed as part of the coalition, not counting Iraqi forces. They include a U.S. Marine presumed lost at sea in October, a Marine killed in a noncombat incident in Baghdad in October, a U.S. Air Force pilot killed in December when his jet crashed in Jordan and a captive Jordanian pilot burned to death in a cage by ISIS.
Image caption The Indian rupee has been among the worst performing currencies in Asia
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has introduced fresh measures aimed at boosting the Indian rupee after recent weakness in the currency.
The RBI has asked exporters to convert 50% of their foreign exchange holdings into rupees within 14 days.
Exporters will also be allowed to buy foreign currency only after using up all of the foreign exchange holdings in their accounts.
The rupee has dropped 21% against the US dollar since August last year.
However, it strengthened slightly after the RBI's move, rising to 52.95 rupees against the US dollar, from 53.83.
Analysts said the new measures were likely to result in the currency rising even further.
"Recently, exporters were holding on to their foreign exchange for fear that the Indian rupee will fall further," said Dariusz Kowalczyk of Credit Agricole-CIB.
"Now that they have to sell, we expect a significant positive impact on the rupee."
He added that the ruling that exporters have to use their entire foreign exchange holdings before buying any more "will reduce demand for foreign currencies" and help shore up the rupee as a result.
You've undoubtedly heard about the Volkswagen Dieselgate scandal. But have you thought about the sales tax implications of the fix?
When the news broke, the outrage was palpable. VW owners, VW dealers, and state and federal lawmakers who helped establish tax breaks for the clean diesels demanded retribution, or at least recompense. New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman helped lead the investigation into Volkswagen that culminated in a settlement. Affected consumers have two options:
Buyback: VW will pay the National Automobile Dealers Association (NADA) September 2015 value of affected vehicles
Have the car fixed with an Approved Emissions Modification
An additional cash payment, or “Owner Restitution,” will accompany either fix.
Sales tax and the buyback option
Under normal circumstances — and this situation is far from normal — most states allow a trade-in credit when a car is traded in exchange for another: only the difference between the trade-in amount and the sales price of the vehicle purchased is subject to sales tax. Yet this policy does not apply to the VW buyback option, which “does not provide for the reimbursement for sales taxes and other fees . . .”
To offset the cost of the taxes and fees, the settlement will award VW owners 112% of their eligible vehicles' September 2015 value.
The majority of states have not yet issued statements on the applicability of sales tax to the Volkswagen settlement. Those that have are in step with the terms of the settlement, that this is not a normal trade-in but is actually two separate transactions: 1) Volkswagen buying back a car and providing the owner with cash; and 2) the former VW owner buying a new car. As a result, there is no trade-in allowance to reduce the amount of sales tax owed on any car purchased to replace an affected diesel.
The following states have issued notices regarding the Volkswagen settlement and sales tax (click on the links to see the notices):
Connecticut
Maine
Tennessee. The Tennessee Department of Revenue adds that a trade-in deduction is allowed for affected diesel owners who is a trade-in their vehicle to a dealer for a new vehicle.
allowed for affected diesel owners who is a trade-in their vehicle to a dealer for a new vehicle. Wisconsin
Washington has not issued a statement on how sales tax will or won't apply to the buyback option. However, the Washington Department of Revenue has issued the following statement: “State law does not permit the Department of Revenue to provide direct sales tax refunds to consumers in the context of class action settlements.” In other words, it won't refund sales tax collected on the purchase of an affected diesel VW.
Sign up for the Avalara newsletter and stay up-to-date on sales tax news.
After the Los Angeles Clippers' 127-95 Monday rout of the Brooklyn Nets, it's clear the team has the “singular focus” Chris Paul referenced after the game.
''No excuses, we said we're going to come out the same way every night,” he said. “It's all about playing the right way. We got to keep building.''
Eleven games normally isn't a large enough sample size to pass judgment on an NBA team. But the Clippers haven't just been good, they've been really good to start the season. And it's their defense, anchored by DeAndre Jordan, that's setting the tone.
Through 11 games, 2017 Clippers (+183) have a better point differential than 2016 Warriors (+179). No. 4 all time... pic.twitter.com/FdxbWLwFkl — Ben Golliver (@BenGolliver) November 15, 2016
Inside-Outside D
At a league-best 10-1 record, Los Angeles is blowing teams out of the water by an average of 16.6 points per game, more than double that of Golden State (plus-8.2), Cleveland (plus-7.4), and San Antonio (plus-5.1).
Last season, the Clippers allowed 100.9 points per 100 possessions. In 2014-15, they allowed 103. Through 11 games this season, the same Clips team boasts a defensive rating of 93 points per 100 possessions. (For reference, the Spurs defensive rating is 99.9, the Cavaliers 101.7, the Warriors 104.6, and the Knicks are dead last at 107.5.)
The Clippers are holding opponents to a league-best 40.9 percent shooting, a lesser percentage than what Jordan shoots from the foul line (45.5 percent). That's because DJ is one of the NBA's best rim protectors.
Players attacking the rim while Jordan is manning the middle have made only 32-of-79 shots (40.5 percent), and his 20 blocks on the season are good for fifth-best in the NBA. That inside presence allows the Clippers to aggressively defend the perimeter, limiting opponents to just 22.6 three-point attempts per game, fourth-fewest in the NBA.
Defense leading to offense
“The defense is so good right now our offense is allowed easy baskets,” coach Doc Rivers said. “They're angry when the other team scores.”
Los Angeles' two-pronged defense makes it the second-best team in transition, behind only the Warriors in points per fast break play (1.25). The Clippers have six players shooting 50 percent or better in transition, and they're even deadlier when they get into their halfcourt offense.
Jordan and Blake Griffin combine for 55 points off of pick-and-roll opportunities. And Chris Paul's 8.5 assists per game still rank in the league's top five, despite playing less than 30 minutes per game. Throw in the J.J. Redick and Jamal Crawford's sharp-shooting, and the Clippers have an all-around offense-defense attack that's taking the NBA by storm.
It's unclear if they can keep it up, but if they stay healthy continue building on their 10-1 start, the Clippers could be the team to challenge Golden State in the Western Conference Finals.
tech2 News Staff
Chinese smartphone and electronics maker Xiaomi has released the Beta version of the MIUI 9 Global ROMs for the second batch of devices. The company posted the details of the roll out in a blog post on MIUI forums. The second batch of devices that are receiving the Beta update includes Xiaomi Mi MIX, Mi Note 2, Mi 5, Mi 5s, Mi 5s Plus, Mi MAX 2, Mi Max, Redmi 4 and Redmi 4x.
Devices like Redmi Note 4 with Qualcomm chipset, Redmi Note 4X and Xiaomi Mi 6 were part of the first batch of devices to receive the Beta version. The company is testing its MIUI operating system with the included tweaks to ensure that everything is optimised of the vast line-up of devices. Once the Global Beta ROM rolls out to the third and final batch of supported devices. The software engineers at Xiaomi will iron out any issues that crop up with devices before rolling out the final update for all Xiaomi devices.
The company pointed out that the 'recommendation rate' for MIUI 9 update stands at a staggering 94.62 percent in a poll conducted. For the uninitiated, MIUI is a heavily customised version of Android that Xiaomi uses in all its smartphones and MIUI 9 is the latest version based on Android Nougat 7.0. Interested users can go to the blog post to download the Global Beta ROMs for their devices if they are interested in running the latest and greatest.
However, one thing to keep in mind before installing the update is that you should be comfortable in the installation procedure along with the technical understanding troubleshooting your way out if anything goes wrong. We will not be responsible for any harm done to your device or data. To avoid any loss of personal data, ensure that you take a full backup of all the data that is available on your device before you proceed with the installation.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Editor's note: Jayson Stark will be writing a Daily Rumble each day leading up to the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline.
As that cool countdown clock atop our ESPN.com MLB page will attest, the trading deadline is now closing in on us, kinda like Pete Rose bearing down on Ray Fosse. So here are five teams to keep your eye on in the hours ahead:
Phillies
It's time. Time for the Phillies to say sayonara to their five-year headlock on the National League East and start thinking about stuff that matters -- like (A) the luxury tax and (B) the future.
So teams the Phillies have been talking to would be shocked if they don't make two to three deals by the time the deadline buzzer sounds. And maybe more.
#8 Center Fielder
Philadelphia Phillies
2012 STATS
GM 101
HR9
RBI40
R46
OBP.324
AVG .261
Teams that have spoken with the Reds say they appear to be zeroing in on Juan Pierre. Might be the first deal the Phillies make.
The Dodgers look like the front-runner on Shane Victorino for a young, controllable bullpen arm. (Josh Lindblom?) But the Phillies have big concerns about who would play center field if they deal Victorino. So it wouldn't be a shock to see them push for someone like Tony Gwynn Jr. just to cover themselves.
And the Orioles, Cardinals and Blue Jays have all kicked tires on Joe Blanton. Baltimore looks like the best fit, but the $3 million Blanton has coming this year is an issue. It wouldn't be surprising to see the Phillies wait until the last minute to see whether a bidder comes out of the ozone on Blanton. He's also a candidate to get traded in August.
Hunter Pence's name remains in play. But clubs that have checked in on him believe that the Phillies will wait until the offseason, to make sure they can line up other outfielders to replace him and Victorino. There's no reason to think, said one exec, that "Hunter Pence won't have a market in the wintertime, too."
And as our colleague, Buster Olney, has reported, the Phillies have never shouted from the mountaintop anything to the effect of: "We're never, ever trading Cliff Lee." So although that's still more unlikely than likely, stay tuned on that front.
But the big thing to remember is that the Phillies' payroll is so overloaded next year, they need to submerge beneath the luxury-tax threshold this year. And that will be a priority both in July and August: "They're not that far over," said one baseball official familiar with their situation. "If they get two or three guys traded, they'll get themselves under, no problem."
Rangers
The rest of the sport keeps waiting for the Rangers to do something that reverberates on the baseball Richter scale. Is it possible that something could be named "Cliff Lee"?
Just when the Rangers had resigned themselves to the reality that it wouldn't be possible to reel in a starter who would have the same impact as Zack Greinke, multiple sources confirmed Monday that when they asked the Phillies about Lee, the Phillies didn't say no.
#33 Starting Pitcher
Philadelphia Phillies
2012 STATS
GM 17
W1
L6
BB23
K112
ERA 3.95
It would take a gigantic return, centered on third-base stud Mike Olt, a young center fielder (Leonys Martin?) and a couple of Texas' young power arms. And the $95 million or so left on Lee's contract will be a monumental stumbling block. But when you consider the other options for a team that's committed to doing what it takes to get back to the World Series, it's not out of the question.
What are those other options? Not real inspiring.
Josh Johnson and James Shields? Less likely than ever. The price would have to drop. And there are no signs of that.
Josh Beckett? Yeah, he's a Texan, but it's hard to see the Rangers overpaying the Red Sox for Beckett at this stage.
And it's always possible that Texas could just plow into the bullpen market, for a Jonathan Broxton kind of guy, and take its chances on Alexi Ogando in the rotation. But Cliff Lee is a far better prototype for what they need.
We should hedge all of this by remembering that the Rangers are a team that explores anything and everything. So this deal could easily fall apart, because the Phillies aren't that motivated to make it happen. But if there's one potential trade out there that could liven up the deadline above all others, Cliff Lee to Texas is that trade.
Dodgers
The Dodgers continue to shop for another bat in the outfield or at first base. If they can't get a trade for Victorino completed, they could turn to someone like Justin Morneau or Shin-Soo Choo, or even Alfonso Soriano. But they probably have only one major deal left in them. So their agenda depends on (stop us if you've heard this before) Ryan Dempster.
#33 First Baseman
Minnesota Twins
2012 STATS
GM 78
HR13
RBI46
R37
OBP.322
AVG .260
Dempster has been their No. 1 focus for a month now. But if they can't find a way to finish off that deal, teams in touch with the Dodgers say they've explored a variety of other rotation options, from Johnson and Shields to Blanton and Kevin Millwood. And it would make sense for them to see whether Beckett or Justin Masterson could be a fit.
But for now, they appear to have their sights set on Victorino and Dempster.
Giants
Those Hunter Pence rumors notwithstanding, the Giants appear to have too many payroll issues and too few chips to make that deal work right now. So there have been rumblings in the past 24 hours that, rather than trade for an outfielder, they could get creative.
One option? Dealing for Morneau and moving Brandon Belt to the outfield. And the Giants continue to look for possibilities to shore up their seventh- and eighth-inning bullpen concerns. They might be the biggest Broxton fans out there at the moment.
Cubs
Even by Cubs standards, it's been a rough week. They were all set up to move Dempster last week and Matt Garza this week. Then everything got all mixed up, in a thoroughly Cubs-ian sort of way.
So while the Cubs continue to dangle a bunch of names -- from Paul Maholm to Soriano to Bryan LaHair -- their first order of business is still to resolve the Ryan Dempster insanity.
#46 Starting Pitcher
Chicago Cubs
2012 STATS
GM 16
W5
L5
BB27
K83
ERA 2.25
At this point, all these days later, the Dodgers still haven't budged, the Cubs still haven't budged and the Braves are so annoyed, they've made no effort to get re-engaged. So the waiting game goes on.
But in the meantime, one club that spoke with the Nationals reports they have positioned themselves as the Cubs' perfect fall-back: The Nationals are going to trade for a veteran starter at some point, but they're clearly hanging loose, waiting to see whether a more attractive option develops -- somebody kinda like, well, Ryan Dempster.
What isn't known, of course, is whether Dempster would approve a deal to Washington. But it wouldn't be a total stunner if it turns out we're about to find out.
Monday's Rumblings
• After all that Josh Johnson talk, the Marlins were telling teams Monday they're just going to keep their ace unless something unforeseen happens. With 15 scouts watching closely Sunday, Johnson turned in a six-walk, four-whiff, five-inning start that one scout summed up with one word: "uninspiring." So the Marlins are informing clubs they see more value in keeping Johnson, heading into his free-agent year, than trading him just to say they did.
Headley
• And the Chase Headley news looks almost identical. The Padres pushed for a huge package for Headley, haven't gotten it and told clubs Sunday and Monday that they'll just keep their third baseman unless the market changes dramatically.
• The Indians continue to insist they don't expect to deal either Masterson or Choo. But other teams aren't so sure. Masterson, said one NL exec, "is definitely on the market, no matter what they're saying." And Choo is a Scott Boras client who can be a free agent after next year. So several clubs say the Indians have dangled his name. But they're also looking to be "overwhelmed," and they're not anxious to take any of the $1.6 million or so remaining on his salary this year.
• The Cardinals have never been more open to dealing their onetime top prospect, Shelby Miller. But his stock has plummeted dramatically. "We've lost interest. I know that," said one NL executive. "The stuff coming out of his hand isn't as good. And the body doesn't look good. He's gotten a little heavy, and he's not the same guy."
The youth of Katlehong have explained how just a simple email can change a young person's life, as the City of Ekurhuleni launched free Wifi access to its citizens.
Yesterday, the city officially launched 250 sites and 940 hotspots where free Wifi will be available in Ekurhuleni. From Katlehong to Etwatwa, Tembisa, Nigel and Sduduza all have free access to the internet 24-hours a day.
Refiloe Dire a UJ graduate who helps students with mathematics at Katlehong's Fumana Secondary School told The Times how the lives of youth in townships could change just by getting an opportunity to send and receive emails..
“Just an email can change a young person's life. In the email you can be told to come for a job interview and the rest of your life could be changed by that job opportunities.
There is also academic support which the youth in townships will now be able to get through internet access. When preparing for exams, they can download past papers and get ready of assessments. You can also tell your friends on FaceBook that you have opened a salon and they must come. That is free marketing of the business,” Dire said.
Yesterday, Ekurhuleni executive mayor Mondli Gungubele opened one of the Wifi sites at Katlehong Library.
Ekurhuleni joined the other two metros in Gauteng, Johannesburg and Tshwane who had already connected their citizens through Wifi.
The city has spent R25-million to provide 250 megabytes to each user per day. It targets to activate 530 sites and 3000 hot spots by 2017 at a cost of R120-million.
But Gungubele said the benefits outweigh the cost and Ekurhuleni residents should not worry that basic services costs would rise to compensate for connectivity.
“Putting Wifi is not the primary cost driver in Ekurhuleni. Instead, it is revenue driver. It creates conditions that make people to find our system user friendly, increasing the number of people paying for services[through internet].
Also the fact that it contributes to the vibrancy of our economy by creating conditions that make Ekurhuleni a preferred investment destination. It creates conditions for more revenue.
The connection of citizens through Wifi is expected to enhance Gauteng provincial government's initiative of having paperless classrooms. As more pupils receive tablets in the province, access to free internet is expected to improve, in particular, the youth's access to both business and academic information.
Once the number of users increase, the city is expected to also raise the amount of data that each individual user has per day.
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated. At the time of publication, it represented the best available science.
Smoke colored the sky while phytoplankton colored the water near Japan in late May 2009. The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Aqua satellite captured this image on May 21, 2009.
Translucent blue-gray smoke forms a diagonal streak east of Hokkaido, passing over the Kuril (or Kurile) Islands. The smoke likely originates from fires in Russia and Mongolia.
Immediately west of the smoke plume appears a peacock-blue swirl from a bloom of phytoplankton—microscopic plant-like organisms that form the basis of the marine food chain. (The high-resolution image shows an extensive fabric of blooms.) Springtime phytoplankton blooms near Japan may be triggered by iron-rich dust blowing eastward from the Gobi Desert.
NASA image courtesy MODIS Rapid Response Team, Goddard Space Flight Center. Caption by Michon Scott.
WASHINGTON, D.C. –(ENEWSPF)–June 9, 2017. U.S. Senator Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) joined Senators Tammy Baldwin (D-WI), Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Maggie Hassan (D-NH) and Ed Markey (D-MA) in introducing the Air Carrier Access Amendments Act this week to help improve protections for airplane passengers with disabilities, making air travel more equitable and accessible for all Americans.
“Far too many Americans living with a disability – many of whom are Veterans like myself – face unnecessary challenges during air travel,” said Duckworth. “As someone who has experienced these challenges firsthand, I understand how damaged baggage or inaccessible seating accommodations can have a profound effect on disabled travelers. This legislation will go a long way to correct these issues and ensure disabled Americans receive the protections they deserve.”
While the Air Carrier Access Act (ACAA) protects disabled air travelers from discrimination, people with disabilities still encounter significant barriers such as damaged equipment, delayed assistance and lack of seating accommodations. In 2015, airplane passengers filed more than 30,000 disability related complaints with airlines and nearly 1,000 disability-related complaints with the Department of Transportation.
Specifically, the Air Carrier Access Amendments Act will:
· Strengthen ACAA enforcement to include specific protections of the rights of passengers with disabilities and a private right of action
· Ensure airplanes are designed to accommodate people with disabilities and airlines meet accessibility standards, including safe and effective boarding and deplaning, visually accessible announcements and better stowage options for assistive devices.
· Improve access to seating accommodations.
· Close service gaps in air travel for passengers with disabilities.
This legislation is supported by Paralyzed Veterans of America, American Association of People with Disabilities, Disability Rights Education & Defense Fund, National Association of the Deaf, American Council of the Blind, Easterseals, United Spinal Association, The Arc, The National Council on Independent Living, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, National Disability Rights Network and the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.
Source: http://duckworth.senate.gov
SYDNEY, March 23 (UPI) -- Human hunting caused the extinction of ancient giant animals, or "megafauna," in Australia about 40,000 years ago, scientists say.
A study has put the blame for the extinction of 600-pound kangaroos and birds twice the size of modern emus on humans rather than on climate change as was once thought, Britain's The Daily Telegraph reported Friday.
"The debate really should be over now," John Alroy, from Macquarie University in Sydney, said. "Hunting did it, end of story."
The researchers studied fungi found in the dung of large herbivores in cores of sediment from a fossilized swamp in Queensland dating back 130,000 years.
"When there was lots of fungi, there were lots of dung and lots of big animals making it," Chris Johnson from the University of Tasmania said. "When they disappeared, their dung fungus went too."
The study shows numbers of megafauna species were stable until 40,000 years ago despite two periods of climate change, the researchers said, suggesting newly arrived humans hunted the animals to extinction.
Still, some scientists say they're not convinced and that the presence of the ancient spores does not reflect an abundance of the giant animals.
"The only evidence we have from Queensland for megafauna indicates that they were gone before humans arrived," Judith Field, from the University of New South Wales, said.
"The interpretations drawn from [the new study] are unsubstantiated and can be explained by other mechanisms."
Who is The Question is a new documentary posted on Youtube by Gary Lobstein and looks at the character created by Steve Ditko when he left Marvel and went over to Charlton Comics.
The character debuted in June of 1967 in Blue Beetle #1 and was based heavily on the teachings of Ayn Rand, someone Ditko believed in greatly and influence a lot of his later works. The Question was picked up by DC Comics in 1983 along with the other Charlton characters.
The history of the character is told through interviews with Denny O'Neil, Jeffrey Combs (Voiced the character on Justice League Unlimited), Rick Burchett and Greg Rucka.
The documentary took Lobstein over a year to put together and was written by John Dedeke and narrated by Sean Smothers.
[youtube]http://youtu.be/HDOU1KtgR0c[/youtube]
About Dan Wickline Has quietly been working at Bleeding Cool for over three years. He has written comics for Image, Top Cow, Shadowline, Avatar, IDW, Dynamite, Moonstone, Humanoids and Zenescope. He is the author of the Lucius Fogg series of novels and a published photographer.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
These days it is quite common for conservative protestants to claim to speak with the dead. At least in my experience. You often hear people speak as though their deceased loved one was in the room on a certain occasion, speaking with them, flipping the lights off and on, etc. On the other hand, conservative protestants generally think of it as a law that you don't pray for the dead. Luther teaches exactly the reverse: you may pray for those who have died (although not repeatedly, because God hears you in Christ the first time.) But you never, ever, under any circumstances, talk to a dead person who claims to be your loved one, or believe that your loved one communicates with you in any way from the other side of the grave. Read on…
Martin Luther, Sermon for the First Sunday after Trinity (on Luke 16:19-31) http://www.lutherdansk.dk/1%20Web-AM%20-%20Trinity%201-12/index.htm
“28. The fourth question is: Shall we pray for the dead; since here in the Gospel there is no intermediate state between Abraham's bosom and hell, and those in Abraham's bosom do not need it, and it does not help those in perdition. We have no command from God to pray for the dead; therefore no one sins by not praying for them; for what God does not bid or forbid us to do, in that no one can sin. Yet, on the other hand, since God has not permitted us to know, how it is with the souls of the departed and we must continue uninformed, as to how he deals with them, we will not and cannot restrain them, nor count it as sin, if they pray for the dead. For we are ever certain from the Gospel, that many have been raised from the dead, who, we must confess, did not receive nor did they have their final sentence; and likewise we are not assured of any other, that he has his final sentence.
29. Now since it is uncertain and no one knows, whether final judgment has been passed upon these souls, it is not sin if you pray for them; but in this way, that you let it rest in uncertainty and speak thus: Dear God, if the departed souls be in a state that they may yet be helped, then I pray that thou wouldst be gracious. And when you have thus prayed once or twice, then let it be sufficient and commend them unto God. For God has promised that when we pray to him for anything he would hear us. Therefore when you have prayed once or twice, you should believe that your prayer is answered, and there let it rest, lest you tempt God and mistrust him.
30. But that we should institute masses, vigils and prayers to be repeated forever for the dead every year, as if God had not heard us the year before, is the work of Satan and is death itself, where God is mocked by unbelief, and such prayers are nothing but blasphemy of God. Therefore take warning and turn from these practices. God is not moved by these anniversary ceremonies, but by the prayer of the heart, of devotion and of faith; that will help the departed souls if anything will. Vigils, masses, indeed help the bellies of the priests, monks and nuns, but departed souls are not helped by them and God is thus mocked.
31. However, if you have in your house a spook or ghost, who pretends that the departed can be helped by saying masses, You should be fully persuaded that it is the work of Satan. No soul has yet since the beginning of the world reappeared on the earth, and it is not God's will that it should be so. For here in this Gospel you see that Abraham declares that no one can be sent from the dead to teach the living; but he points them to the Word of God in the Scriptures, Deut. 31: ”They have Moses and the Prophets; let them hear them.” By these words Abraham turns to the command of God in Deut. 18:11, where God says: ”Thou shalt not be a consulter with a familiar spirit.” Is. 8:19. Therefore it is surely nothing but the contrivance of Satan that any spirits should let themselves be entreated and that they should require so and so many masses, such and such pilgrimages or other works, and appear afterwards in the clear light and pretend that certain persons are saved. In this way Satan has introduced error so that the people have fallen from faith into works, and think their deeds may accomplish such great things. And thus is fulfilled what St. Paul declared in 2 Thess. 2:10-11, that God would send upon them powerful error, and temptation to unrighteousness, because they have not received the love of the truth that they might be saved.
32. Therefore be prudent and know that God will not let us know how it is with the dead, so that faith may retain its place in the Word of God, which believes that God will save the believers after this life and condemn the unbelievers. If now a familiar spirit present itself before you, take no notice of it; but be assured that it is the devil, and conquer him with this Saying of Abraham, ”They have Moses and the prophets,” and likewise with the command in Moses, ”Thou shalt not be a consulter with a familiar spirit;” then he will soon be gone. If he leaves you not, then let him make a noise until he is tired, and in firm faith suffer his wantonness.
33. And if it were possible that it were indeed a departed soul or a good spirit even, then you should neither learn nor inquire anything of him, since God has forbidden you to do so; because he has sent his Son himself to teach us all that is necessary for us to know. What he has not taught us, that we should gladly not wish to know, and be satisfied with the teachings of the holy Apostles, in which he is preached to us. However, I have further written on this subject in the Postils on the Gospel for Epiphany and in my booklet on the Misuse of the Mass; where you may read more along this line.
34. Likewise, to give an example, we read in the Historia Tripartita (A History in Three Parts) of a bishop, who came to Corinth where he had come to attend a Council, and as he could not find a suitable lodging for himself and his attendants, he saw a house unoccupied and condemned as uninhabitable, and he asked if he might not be allowed to occupy it. Then they told him in reply that it was infested with nightly ghosts, that no one could live in it, and often people were found dead in it in the morning. Then the bishop said but little and immediately entered and lodged there the same night, for he very well saw that the devil was the author of all these ghost stories, and as he had firm faith that Christ was Lord over Satan, therefore he was not moved by his stratagems and he entered to lodge with him. And thus that house was made free by the prayers and presence of a holy man from infesting ghosts and horrifying spectres. Behold, you see that the ghosts are Satan, and there is little use to dispute with them; but one should despise them with a cheerful spirit as nothing.
35. A similar story we read about Gregory, the Bishop of Cappadocia, that he crossed the Alps and lodged with a heathen sexton or clerk of the church, who had an idol, that answered him the questions he asked; and he made his living by telling the people secret things. Now the bishop knew nothing of this, and proceeded the next day as soon as it was morning on his journey. But Satan or the evil spirit could not endure the prayers and presence of the holy man, and at once he betook himself out of the house, so that the heathen sexton could no longer receive answers as before. As soon as he felt his great loss, he set up a great howl to call back his idol, which appeared to him while he was asleep, and said, it was his own fault because he had lodged the bishop, with whom he (the evil spirit) could not remain. The sexton hastened to overtake the bishop and complained to him that he had taken his god and livelihood, and returned evil for the kindness extended to him. Then the bishop took paper out of his pocket and wrote these few words: ”Gregory sendeth greetings to Apollinius. Be thou at liberty, O, Apollinius, to do as thou hast done before. Farewell.” The sexton took the letter and laid it by the side of his idol; then the devil came again, and did as before. Finally the sexton began to think, what a poor god is he, who allows himself to be driven away and lead by my guest who was only a man. And at once he started to the bishop, was instructed and baptized, and grew in his faith, so that he became the eminent bishop of Caesarea, a city in Cappadocia, upon the death of the bishop that baptized him. Behold, how simply faith proceeds, and acts joyfully, securely and effectively. Treat all your troublesome evil spirits in the same way.
Related articles
http://https://deprofundisclamaviadtedomine.wordpress.com/2012/12/28/luther-on-spirits-and-communication-with-the-dead-epiphany-sermon/
https://deprofundisclamaviadtedomine.wordpress.com/2012/12/27/ghosts-haunted-houses-prayer-to-the-dead-and-pastoral-care/
Advertisements
I received a phone call from an oil company researcher asking how much air do people breathe. They make gasoline and asphalt. Reminded me of a line from a Joni Mitchell song that went “they paved paradise and put in a parking lot”.
How much air we breathe in is, as a statistic just by itself, risks being extremely misleading. The answer would move around somewhere between a per breath 1/2 liter in quiet breathing to 6 liters for a tall singing base baritone depending on height, weight, posture, parents genes (big lungs, small lungs, small bones vs big bones, activity quality and intensity) cellular condition, chemistry, emotions, breathing skill level, thinking processes and more. Not a great way to get any real clear conclusions.
How much air we take in is primarily in the relationship of lung volume, breathing rate, balance. How much we get into our cells is another matter as chemistry alters that.
Most people breathe at 12 breaths per minute. This is in itself unhealthy because it overtaxes the breathing system and increases the oxygen cost of breathing. Others say the regardless of rate, breathing chemistry must be within certain carbon dioxide oxygen ratios.
Regardless of chemistry, I recommend 4-7 breaths per minute. 6 breaths would be half the 12 breaths and simply stated would most often reduce the intake of bad air by half. The bottom line is if you breathe slower, relaxed, and efficiently, the improved chemistry allows for more O2 to the cells. With the slower breath you breathe in less pollutants and your nervous system stays less taxed.
If you can breathe and feel a relaxed energy with only 6 breaths per minute your lungs are probably a lot larger in relationship to your body and or more efficient then the person needing 12 breaths per minute.
When your breathing chemistry is developed to the degree that internally you stay pretty much within a good "window" or internal carbon dioxide/oxygen balance you may take in even MORE breaths and more pollutants but still have good "chemistry" and the better chemistry will help you neutralize pollutants.
If your resting breath rate is 4-6 per minute you are probably breathing at a fifth to a third of your maximum volume and barring a sudden or extreme need for energy, do not need to use all the volume to perform adequately. This is similar to a large engine car with a top end of 180 MPH. traveling along in cruise control doing 60 MPH.
This is why I counsel people to develop their breathing to make their volume as large as possible but still in ease and balance.
If you do not breathe deeply AND easily enough you compromise EVERY body and cellular function you have. As stated previously, a lower breathing rate, if it is NOT high chest or manipulated by holding it back, generally indicates larger, deeper, easier breathing.
Your breathing rate and quality, whether it is high chest or abdominal (front, side and back) is a primary feedback system for sensing how stressed you are. People that can not breathe slower will always breathe in more bad air, regardless of their activity. Plus they will be overtaxing/overstimulating the fight flight aspect of their autonomic nervous system causing unnecessary stresses.
People that can breathe slower have the option to breathe in less pollutants and the slower breathing enables them to better handle the stresses of the pollutants in the first place because that saved oxygen-cost-of-breathing gets used in more constructive cellular tasking.
People that might breathe slower are generally in better physical condition, but not necessarily; singers or woodwind players who are couch potatoes and or frequenting bars and tobacco smoke for instance.
Other primary issues are your cellular health and how well you are uptaking oxygen. These factors are strongly influenced by diet, digestion, nutrient absorption, waste elimination, UDB and toxic buildup.
Breathing volume, efficiency, training and cellular strength are significantly interdependent. An opera singer could have great breathing volume but not be in very good physical condition nor have a great diet nor have good breathing chemistry.
The upshot of that is all other things being equal they will probably be more prone to a heart condition then someone with the good diet, and lessened stress of the strong forces necessary for classical singing. Optimal would be to have all volume, diet, digestion and physical conditioning.
But the physical conditioning has its own goals that may negate volume due to need for physical strength. Massive muscles tend to limit breathing volume. Regardless of anything else, 7 liters is better then 4,3,2,or fewer liters. The Framingham Study proved that 25 years ago.
How much air should we breathe?
There is a direct relationship between breathing and aliveness. Breath is life. I maintain that shallow breathers live less life then optimal breathers. Shallow breathers agree with me. Overbreathing is a relatively new term. I believe it is mostly based on UDB.
If you are more active in a polluted environment I suggest you stay inside and make sure your surroundings have plenty of clean oxygen-rich air, negative ion generation, oxygenized water to drink, zero toxic out-gassing and at least 75% of uncooked living organic foods that still have their vitamins, minerals, fats, soluble and insoluble fiber, natural enzymes, O2 and H2O2 content intact.
POLLUTION
To locate local polluters by zip code to see if you are in need of a safer breathing environment. I stopped riding my bike and now use the stationary bike in the gym and read books and magazines while using my oxygen concentrator instead of being in the out of doors.
This is partly sad but at least constructive until the air gets clean enough, which in my area is, at least, on occasion. Thanks in part to organizations like canarycoalition, the air is slowly getting better.
Meanwhile you can take our breathing development seriously and get energetic and strong enough to help us clean up the environment and learn to enjoy more the natural things like fresh air, clean water, sunshine and the organic non-genetically engineered food that God gave us to start with.
How good is YOUR breathing? Take our Free Breathing Test or attend or sponsor our Seminars on Breathing.
I really would not worry about breathing too much oxygen unless is it is from overbreathing. The problem is getting too LITTLE oxygen. Learn to develop your breathing and get as much oxygen as you will ever need, naturally. Once you know how to get it, it is FREE. Fundamentals of Breathing Development.
Community-based studies suggest that cannabis products that are high in Δ⁹-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) but low in cannabidiol (CBD) are particularly hazardous for mental health. Laboratory-based studies are ideal for clarifying this issue because THC and CBD can be administered in pure form, under controlled conditions. In a between-subjects design, we tested the hypothesis that pre-treatment with CBD inhibited THC-elicited psychosis and cognitive impairment. Healthy participants were randomised to receive oral CBD 600 mg (n=22) or placebo (n=26), 210 min ahead of intravenous (IV) THC (1.5 mg). Post-THC, there were lower PANSS positive scores in the CBD group, but this did not reach statistical significance. However, clinically significant positive psychotic symptoms (defined a priori as increases ≥ 3 points) were less likely in the CBD group compared with the placebo group, odds ratio (OR)=0.22 (χ²=4.74, p<0.05). In agreement, post-THC paranoia, as rated with the State Social Paranoia Scale (SSPS), was less in the CBD group compared with the placebo group (t=2.28, p<0.05). Episodic memory, indexed by scores on the Hopkins Verbal Learning Task-revised (HVLT-R), was poorer, relative to baseline, in the placebo pre-treated group (-10.6 ± 18.9%) compared with the CBD group (-0.4% ± 9.7 %) (t=2.39, p<0.05). These findings support the idea that high-THC/low-CBD cannabis products are associated with increased risks for mental health.
"Trump has real things to say. They may not be what you think, and they often seem like wishful thinking. But you need to know his views, not just how he is doing come around the far turn."
For years those who have questioned any of the trade deals has been dismissed as foolish. Now that Trump has said that the U.S. government has been horrendous at negotiating these deals, Cramer has no beef with it.
"Say what you will about Trump, I agree with him about these trade deals," Cramer said.
Read more from Mad Money with Jim Cramer
Cramer Remix: My rules on how to play Valeant
Cramer: You could have avoided Valeant's disaster
Well-paid employees & cheap food: MOD Pizza
That is why Cramer decided to dig through what Trump has actually said about various companies and the economy and figure out what he would do if elected.
First, Trump claimed that he is going to force Apple to make its cellphones here in America. Cramer doesn't know how Trump is going to make Apple do this, particularly because the U.S. does not have the workforce to assemble the phones, and most of the component makers reside in Asia.
Trump would have to let Apple repatriate its foreign dollar with almost no tax and demand it be used to build factories and train the workforce. And while it's great that Trump wants to solve the repatriation tax issues, Cramer thinks it would be best to just let Apple do exactly what it has been doing, which is put millions of people to work all over the place.
"I say Apple's hiring policies are low on the list of this country's problems," Cramer said.
Second, Trump talked about Carrier. In February, United Technologies notified union workers at a Carrier heating, ventilation and air conditioning facility near Indianapolis that work will be shifted to Monterrey, Mexico.
"I say welcome to the world of Nafta. You can make heating, ventilation and air conditioning equipment so much cheaper in Mexico, it's a wonder anyone makes anything here," Cramer said.
It all comes down to free trade, in a nutshell. If United Technologies CEO Greg Hayes wants to make his numbers and raise profits to grow the company, Cramer thinks it just makes sense for him to move the plant to Mexico.
Trump also expressed an issue with Pfizer's merger with Allergan, which is headquartered in Ireland. It is playing by the rules set forth by the Treasury Department to meet new standards of inversion to avoid U.S. taxes on overseas profits. The deal has been structured per the way the Obama administration established its safe harbor for inversions.
If Trump is actually president, maybe he can have the Treasury Secretary rewrite the IRS rules, but by the time that would happen, it would be impossible to undo the Pfizer-Allergan merger.
"The fact is, with the possible exception of future tax inversions like this Pfizer-Allergan deal, nothing will change with a Trump presidency unless he updates 'The Art of the Deal' to prove he can buffalo everyone in the room, Democrats and Republicans alike. These are legislative decisions, not presidential hand-waves," Cramer said.
In the end, Cramer wants investors to know and understand the Trump's views. It could seem like wishful thinking, but they could also become a real agenda if Trump wins in November.
Group layoffs in Alberta have topped 12,000 workers in 2015, mostly in the struggling energy sector.
The province received seven layoff notices of at least 50 employees last month, affecting 750 employees. Through August, 12,302 workers have been laid off go in 81 group notices, said Pam Sharpe, spokeswoman for Alberta's Jobs, Skills, Training and Labour ministry.
“Of the workers impacted, 74 per cent are related to the energy sector, while 26 per cent are related to the retail, food and financial services sector,” Sharpe said.
Employers are required to give the government four weeks' written notice of their intention to terminate the employment of 50 or more employees at a single location.
For all of 2014, the province received 35 notices involving 7,508 employees.
Recently, Tervita Corporation confirmed it cut 15 per cent of its corporate staff. Penn West Petroleum announced it was reducing its workforce by 35 per cent with a loss of more than 400 full-time employees and contractors. ConocoPhillips Canada also said it would drop 400 employees as well as 100 contractors.
Earlier this year, Enform said as many as 185,000 direct and indirect jobs could be lost in Canada this year due to cutbacks within the energy sector.
This week, the Petroleum Labour Market Information Division of Enform released a report saying the growing technical and business complexities of Canada's oil and gas industry, together with the need to remain competitive internationally, is driving demand for a more skilled and knowledgeable workforce.
The report, HR Trends and Insights: Shifting Priorities and a Shifting Workforce, looked at three key business shifts that Canada's oil and gas industry: new technologies designed to access harder-to-reach reserves, cost-management strategies intended to simultaneously improve returns and productivity, and the need to diversify into new and expanded markets.
“With these three significant shifts has come the need for new and more intricate skills as well as different occupational requirements,” said Carol Howes, vice-president of communications and PetroLMI, Enform, in a statement. “The worker of today is quite different than the one from a decade or more ago. New entrants need to be more familiar with technology of all types. Many of today's workers require business acumen and negotiating skills. And, with an increased focus on building new infrastructure, safety and environmental issues, comes requirements for more specialists such as those in well abandonment and reclamation, or stakeholder and Aboriginal relations.
“There's no doubt that operating in today's oil and gas environment is extremely challenging. With signs of further cuts in capital spending and more layoffs looming, all eyes are focused on the oil and gas sector. But this isn't a new challenge, and if there is anything that industry has learned from previous downturns is that preparations for recovery can't be set aside.”
mtoneguzzi@calgaryherald.com
Twitter.com/MTone123
The faux “liberal” who holds the White House was at it once again last night. As he's accustomed to doing, he presented a radically undemocratic and unconstitutional practice as a common sense appeal to the American public to accept gun control. What I am referring to specifically is the following passage from last night's speech:
To begin with, Congress should act to make sure no one on a no-fly list is able to buy a gun. What could possibly be the argument for allowing a terrorist suspect to buy a semi-automatic weapon? This is a matter of national security.
Obama is not stupid. He knows exactly how shady the no fly list is, yet he's pushing it on national television as a way to enact gun control. The effectiveness of his bullshit depends on an unbelievably ignorant voter base, as well as the cultish, thoughtless devotion from what's left of his zombified supporters.
To explain what I mean, it's important to understand what the “no-fly” list actually is. As relates to a lawsuit it filed against the government on behalf of veterans placed on the list without notice, the ACLU notes the following:
In a motion for partial summary judgment, the ACLU asked the court to rule that the inadequate redress process for people on the list violates the Constitution's guarantee of due process. The court partially granted that motion in August 2013, holding that the Constitution applies when the government bans Americans from air travel. In June 2014, the court struck down the government's redress process as unconstitutional, and it ordered the government to tell the ACLU's clients why they are on the No Fly List and give them the opportunity to challenge their inclusion on the list before the court. In October 2014, the government finally informed seven of the 13 plaintiffs that they were not on the list, and it then provided the remaining six plaintiffs with unclassified “summaries” of the reasons for their placement on the list. However, the government still keeps its full reasons secret. It also withholds evidence and exculpatory information from our clients and refuses to give them a live hearing to establish their credibility or cross-examine witnesses. Because of these and other serious problems, the ACLU has challenged the revised process as unconstitutional. Until the government fixes its unconstitutional new process, people on the No Fly List are barred from commercial air travel with no meaningful chance to clear their names, resulting in a vast and growing group of individuals whom the government deems too dangerous to fly but too harmless to arrest.
Just in case you still aren't aware of how egregiously the “no-fly” list flies in the face of the Bill of Rights, here's the 5th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution:
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual service in time of war or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.
The “no-fly” list since inception has without question deprived American citizens of life and liberty without due process. In fact, the government made slight improvements only after being sued by the ACLU. Furthermore, were the San Bernardino shooters on the “no-fly” list? Were any of the other highly publicized mass shooters on it?
Meanwhile, as the Intercept noted last year, nearly half of the people on the U.S. government's widely shared Terrorist Screening Database from which the no-fly list names are selected, are not connected to any known terrorist group. In addition, it noted that:
Since taking office, Obama has boosted the number of people on the no fly list more than ten-fold, to an all-time high of 47,000—surpassing the number of people barred from flying under George W. Bush.
So should we be at all surprised that President Obama is using one egregious violation of Constitutional rights to target another?
For related articles, see:
How to Spot a Hypocrite in the Gun Debate and Other Reflections on Newtown
Former NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg Calls Colorado a “Rural and Roadless” Backwater for Challenging his Gun Control Agenda
ACLU: Gun Control Bill Threatens Privacy Rights and Civil Liberties
In Liberty,
Michael Krieger
Donate bitcoins: Like this post?Donate bitcoins: 3J7D9dqSMo9HnxVeyHou7HJQGihamjYQMN
Follow me on Twitter.
Friends to Mankind wrote -
Since inception in 2012, 18for18 has raised over $350,000 and reached over 72 million with our anti sex trafficking awareness campaign. We ask you to choose one day out of the year to face your fears to represent the estimated 1.2M women and children that will be sold into sex trafficking this year alone, who will be facing their fears everyday without choice. We ask you to use your platform and your voice to stand up for those who have been pushed down and silenced.
This year we are trying to raise $50,000 which can cover an entire year of rescues for one organization or . We work closely with the top non-profits in this field, donating 100% of what we raise through the jump. Please join us by donating or helping us spread awareness, every dollar and every voice counts… xo 18for18Team
WHAT A DOLLAR CAN DO:
$1 a day can provide additional nutrition for a sex trafficking survivor with HIV or AIDS
$3 can provide fresh vegetables for 3 days for a survivor
$10 can provide a month of medicine for an infant below the age of 2yrs
$25 can provide food and accommodation for a week for a victim of human trafficking with HIV or AIDS
$150 is enough to cover all the expenses for an outreach team to get to a survivor of human trafficking plus hygiene materials for a month
$400 can provide a month of dance rehabilitation therapy for 400 residents at New Light
NEW LIGHT: INDIA
Led by Urmi Basu, New light was created for the protection and education of victims of trafficking, women in prostitution, and children rescued from the red light areas.Also, New Light is creating safe havens, education, and a loving environment for the children of sex workers, breaking the chain and giving these children a future (INDIA)
AFESIP: CAMBODIA
Works to care for and secure the rights of those victimized by human trafficking and sex slavery, and to successfully rehabilitate and reintegrate survivors into mainstream society through financial independence in a sustainable and innovative manner.
GIRL2B: INDIA
Through the empowerment of education, Girl2B Foundation works to give every young girl a chance to reach her full potential, freeing her from the unfair cycle of poverty, and making her an agent of change.
Sepp Blatter is set to be interviewed by Swiss prosecutors who are investigating whether FIFA officials accepted bribes to award the World Cup to Russia and Qatar, it was reported today.
The scandal-hit football boss will apparently be designated as a 'person providing information', and will face questioning along with other senior figures such as Michel Platini.
A former top prosecutor in the UK predicted today that Mr Blatter would also be interviewed by the FBI and could be arrested and potentially imprisoned, in the latest blow to his authority.
The 79-year-old was re-elected as FIFA president on Friday - just two days after 14 officials were arrested as part of an American-led probe into allegations of massive corruption.
Probe: Sepp Blatter is apparently set to be questioned by Swiss prosecutors investigating the World Cup
Victory: Blatter, 79, has been re-elected as FIFA president for a fifth consecutive term
Two British banks are believed to have launched internal investigations into whether officials used them to funnel corrupt payments, after they were named in the FBI report.
Mr Blatter has not been accused of wrongdoing, and insisted this week that he had no idea about the alleged bribe-taking at the heart of FIFA.
In the wake of the US arrests, which took place in Zurich on Wednesday morning, Swiss authorities revealed they were investigating the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Officials told Mr Blatter not to leave Switzerland so they could interview him, and it has now emerged that he will soon be questioned by local police.
The Sunday Times reported today that he is one of 10 'auskungtspersonen' - a status in Swiss law somewhere between a witness and a suspect - who sit on the FIFA executive council.
The others include UEFA president Michel Platini, who has been an outspoken critic of Mr Blatter, and Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko.
Pair: UEFA president Michel Platini, right, is also likely to be questioned by officials in Switzerland
Controversy: FA president Prince William and chairman Greg Dyke have spoken out against the alleged corruption at the heart of FIFA
ANDY BURNHAM CALLS FOR WORLD CUP BOYCOTT OVER FIFA CLAIMS AND PUTIN'S AGGRESSION Labour leadership frontrunner Andy Burnham today called for England to boycott the next World Cup, which is set to be held in Russia in 2018. The MP for Leigh suggested that the FA should 'take a stand' by refusing to participate in the contest due to the corruption allegations swirling around FIFA and Vladimir Putin's aggression towards Ukraine. Speaking to John Pienaar on BBC Radio 5 Live this morning, Mr Burnham - a passionate Everton fan - said that he 'can't see how it feels right' to take part in the World Cup. 'I've long had my doubts about Russia holding the next World Cup,' he said. 'I voiced those doubts when the situation developed in Ukraine. I said that I couldn't see how the whole world could just go to Russia as if nothing had happened. 'And now with all of these new allegations swirling round FIFA I personally believe there is a pretty overwhelming case for England taking a stand and saying that we should not participate in the next World Cup given the current appalling state of FIFA.' FA chairman Greg Dyke said it would be 'ridiculous' for England to boycott the World Cup unilaterally, but suggested that the country could join a Europe-wide protest. But Mr Burnham said: 'I think maybe they should just be a bit stronger, personally. I think they should say what I think many people feel - it's just not acceptable, particularly when you look at both of these situations. 'We've had a country here whose FA's sovereignty has been breached, so how can the football world just say that doesn't matter?' The would-be leader added that it was too early to take a stand over the 2022 World Cup, set to be held in Qatar, arguing that it was necessary to deal with the situation in Russia first.
The Swiss probe, known as 'Operation Darwin', is questioning all members of the executive council who were involved in the 2010 vote which gave the 2018 cup to Russia and the 2022 version to Qatar.
Mr Blatter has not been named as suspect in the parallel US investigation into corruption allegations - but today a former Director of Public Prosecutions predicted that he would be embroiled in the probe.
Lord Macdonald, who was the UK's top prosecutor between 2003 and 2008, said that the FIFA boss had 'presided over this swamp for decades' and would inevitably come under new scrutiny.
Writing in the Sunday Times, he said: 'The scale of the corruption is so vast, and the contracts so huge, that prosecutors will not believe that wrongdoing is limited to a few rotten apples operating out of sight of an innocent president.'
The peer added: 'Blatter is now a person of interest in an FBI inquiry into grave criminal activity, and he is bound to be interviewed, possibly under arrest, in a process that could end in a goal rush of charges that, if he is convicted, could put him in prison for the rest of his life.'
Richard Weber, chief of the Internal Revenue Service unit which is leading the investigation, said yesterday: 'I'm fairly confident that we will have another round of indictments.'
Barclays, HSBC and Standard Chartered were all named in the FBI indictment over claims that corrupt FIFA employees used accounts with the banks to transfer corrupt payments.
It emerged today that Barclays and Standard Chartered were launching internal reviews into the allegations, as the Serious Fraud Office continues to monitor the situation.
Despite the twin probes which were unveiled this week, Mr Blatter won a fifth term as president by a majority of nearly two-thirds, and promptly hit out at his rivals while vowing to rid FIFA of suspicion.
He blamed the British media and US authorities for organising a vendetta against him and denied that FIFA is in crisis over the graft allegations.
Glamour: The 79-year-old football boss with his married girlfriend Linda Barras, 51, in January this year
Culture Secretary John Whittingdale today warned that the England team may have to consider boycotting future World Cups if the organisation does not change its ways.
He wrote in the Sunday Times: 'Michel Platini has talked of European nations boycotting future World Cups if Blatter refuses to stand down. No options should be ruled out.'
The Tory Cabinet minister added: 'While none of us wants to see things go that far, Platini's dramatic decision to raise the nuclear option of a boycott underlines the sheer scale of this scandal and the lamentable failure of Fifa's leadership to deal with it.
'One of the few certainties is that the era of bribery and backhanders must end. Fifa must finally begin to act, in the words of its much-derided motto, "for the good of the game". And that can only begin to happen if Sepp Blatter steps aside.'
Greg Dyke, chairman of the FA, suggested this morning that it would be 'ridiculous' to boycott the competition unilaterally, but added that the national team would consider taking part in a wider action.
He told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show: 'It would be ridiculous to try and do it on your own. All we would do is pull out of the World Cup and everyone would say "well done" and forget all about us.
'It's got to be done by enough nations for it to have an impact, if it's done, but I don't think Blatter will last four years.'
Mr Dyke added: 'I don't think there's any point the FA doing it on its own, we've got to do it along with other countries, alongside other large footballing nations.'
Mr Platini was the first to threaten a World Cup boycott, ahead of a UEFA meeting next week where European football giants will debate how to respond to the FIFA scandal.
Yesterday Prince William joined the calls for major reform, saying: 'FIFA must now show that it can represent the interests of fair play and put the sport first.'
South Africa admits it paid $10m to shamed FIFA boss ahead of World Cup bid
By JANE FLANAGAN in Cape Town
The president of the South African Football Association has confirmed the country's World Cup bid committee handed over $10million (£6.5million) after winning the rights to the 2010 competition - but insisted this was not a bribe.
This is the first time that South Africa has admitted paying money to the football association run by former FIFA vice-president Jack Warner, the man at the centre of the bribery claims.
Warner is one of the officials arrested and indicted this week by the FBI in connection with alleged corruption and bribery at Fifa.
Controversial: Jack Warner, pictured partying shortly after he was released from jail, was allegedly paid $10million by South Africa officials in 2008
The admission by SAFA boss Danny Jordaan follows a week of denials from local football authorities and the government over claims that South Africa had paid a $10million bribe to secure the hosting of the 2010 World Cup.
Mr Jordaan, who was head of the local organising committee, said that the $10million was paid to the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football (Concacaf) in 2008 as South Africa's contribution towards their football development fund.
Warner was president of Concacaf at the time. This week he was arrested in Trinidad, at the same time as several high-ranking officials were detained in Zurich.
South Africa is said to have promised to pay Warner $10million for his support for the 2010 bid. After South Africa won the vote‚ football officials allegedly said it was not possible to pay him out of South African government funds.
Admission: South African football boss Danny Jordaan has confirmed the payment to Concacaf
Instead‚ the money was deducted directly from a payment FIFA made to South Africa to help finance the hosting of the tournament, thereby concealing the alleged bribe.
Of the $100million which FIFA agreed to pay SAFA for hosting the 2010 World Cup, the Sunday Independent newspaper reported that SAFA only received $80million.
The paper claimed that no other football association received a cash injection comparable to the payment from SAFA to Concacaf during 2008.
A SAFA official said that Concacaf was given the money because 'it regarded itself as part of the African diaspora'.
This is too much. The Justice Department actually called a witness in the Texas Voter ID trial today in Washington, D.C. The witness complained she couldn't find the time to get her parents to drive her to get the free photo ID, but she obviously had time to fly to Washington, D.C., from Texas to testify at trial!
Henry Jackson writes at the Associated Press.
Victoria Rose Rodriguez, 18, told a federal court in Washington that she had limited documentation — a birth certificate, a high school transcript and a student ID card with a photo on it — but is currently a registered voter in Texas. She said her parents are too busy to take her or her twin sister to get the new voter identification cards required by the law.
Naturally, Henry Jackson doesn't seem to note this obvious laugher, that Rodriguez has parents too busy to get the ID, but can hop a plane in San Antonio and spend at least a day in Washington, D.C., and then ride back home. In fact, Jackson (and the rest of press) simply laps up the government's stories without question.
COMPLAINING is often said to be a British national pastime, with everything from the lack of sunshine to the state of the roads in the firing line when it comes to a good moan.
And now it has emerged that Scots are the king of complainers when when they are confronted goods and services not being up to scratch.
According to official data, consumers north of the border made more than 5 million official complaints last year against big firms they found had let them down, more per head of population than anywhere else in the UK.
Chief in their sights were shops and online retailers, followed by telecommunications companies and energy providers, while the number of grievances almost doubled since 2014.
According to Ombudsman Services', which mediates on consumers' behalf without resorting to court action, Scots made an average of 1.25 complaints each last year, in comparison to just 1.08 per head in the rest of the UK.
Top of the pops aimed at retailers were objections to poor quality products, which accounted for 38 per cent of all complaints, followed by gripes about faulty goods.
More than a quarter of the appeals to the Ombudsman were about poor customer service, while 8 per cent of people said they had been miss-sold something.
The increase in the number of complaints has been partly put down to a greater uptake of social media.
More than one in three people in the UK used social media to raise a complaint last year, up 5 per cent from the year before, with the number of jibes on sites like Facebook and Twitter reaching approximately 1.8 million in Scotland alone.
Psychologist Graham Jones, an expert on consumer behaviour, said that people often felt more comfortable complaining online as they soon attract the support of others who had faced similar difficulties.
He said: "This is a well-documented phenomenon known as a 'social proof', where people will go on Facebook and Twitter and say that they have complained about something.
"People have been doing that more and more and now complaining is seen as acceptable behaviour. If we see lots of our friends complaining we're more likely to complain ourselves.
"We know that there's enthusiastic use of broadband in Scotland, and increased use of social media could be one reason why we are seeing a rise in complaints there."
However, although many Scots showed a readiness to take action when faced with corporate blunders and retail disappointment, the Ombudsman Services' also found that they were ready to forgive if given a prompt apology.
Four out of five people said that they just wanted the problem to be put right with the minimum of fuss, while half said they'd be happy if the object of their ire said sorry. Only 31 per cent said they expected financial compensation.
Citizens' Advice Scotland consumer spokesman Fraser Sutherland said is important for Scots to know they could stand up for their rights.
He said: "There is no doubt that we are becoming more of a consumer society, and part of that is about consumers recognising they have power. Power to shop around and use the market, and also power to complain when they feel aggrieved.
"It's encouraging to see that Scots are doing that more than the rest of the UK, but. these figures show there are still too many people who feel it's not worth it or it won't work.
"In fact complaining does work, and we need to demonstrate that, and also to actively help people complain."
Chief Ombudsman Lewis Shand Smith said: “Complaints increased by 1.4 million from this time last year, which is testament to Scottish consumers' growing awareness and desire to be treated fairly by big firms.
“Despite this positive news, consumers are still ignoring millions of problems each year because they'd rather suffer in silence than go through the perceived hassle of complaining – but it's not as complex and time-consuming as they might think.
“Consumer rights have been thrown into the spotlight this year, and forward-thinking companies are starting to sign up to alternative dispute resolution services, which are free to their customers. With the continued increase of social media, a poorly handled complaint could significantly damage both their brand and reputation.”
Attendee At Batman Shooting Plans To Sue Warner Bros For Making Batman Too Violent
from the um,-really,-now? dept
We live in a litigious society. That's not a secret. So it's no surprise that, in the aftermath of the Aurora, Colorado Batman shootings, lawsuits will be filed. But as always the question is: who do you sue? Well, if the linked TMZ article is accurate, Torrence Brown Jr., who was in the theater, but not directly injured (though a friend of his was killed), has lawyered up, hiring an attorney named Donald Karpel to sue Warner Bros. for making the movie too violent . He's also apparently planning to sue the theater for not properly guarding the emergency exit, which is apparently where Holmes left and re-entered with the weapons. Oh yeah, and the doctors of shooter James Holmes for not properly monitoring him.This certainly seems like a frivolous lawsuit. Going after Warner Bros.? For what? That's likely to get laughed out of court. This seems like a clear case of a "Steve Dallas lawsuit," named for the famous Bloom County comic strip in which lawyer Steve Dallas gets beat up by Sean Penn after trying to take a photograph of the star. He then explains why the proper target of a lawsuit is not Sean Penn, but the "Nikolta Camera" company, because "a major corporation with gobs of liquid cash ... was criminally negligent in not putting stickers on their camera which read, 'warning: physical injury may result from photographing psychopathic Hollywood hotheads."In a coincidence that you simply couldn't make up, it turns out that Karpel once represented (no, seriously) a paparazzi photographer beat up by Sean Penn . Life imitates comic strips.
Filed Under: batman, donald karpel, james holmes, lawsuits, shooting, steve dallas, torrence brown jr.
Companies: warner bros.
Buy Photo Mikhail Aleshin a rookie for walks in Gasoline Alley the 2014 Indy 500 , Tuesday, May 13, 2014 at The Indianapolis Motor Speedway. (Photo: Greg Griffo/The Star)Buy Photo
Mikhail Aleshin came to Indianapolis in January, bringing with him some intriguing racing potential, spiked dark brown hair, a dry sense of humor and broken but understandable English.
He's on the verge of becoming the first Russian driver to qualify for the Indianapolis 500, although such distinction means as much to him as shopping for groceries.
Aleshin (pronounced Al-yo-shin) didn't ask where he could buy food until a month after he moved in because he doesn't like to shop. And his first restaurant experience, thanks to his Schmidt Peterson Motorsports crew, was Five Guys.
"I think the only thing you can have there is a burger," Aleshin said. "I felt strange after this. Definitely not prepared for gym."
He laughs at this recollection of an upset stomach, before rain washed out much of Tuesday practice. Aleshin is serious about racing — his best speed of 223.120 mph is second-fastest among rookies and 10th overall — but sometimes he can't help but be amused by his words.
How would be described himself?
"Hungry," he said with a smile, forking through chicken and rice.
Does he have a love interest?
"That is very special question. Yes, it's private," he said.
CLOSE Rookie Mikhail Aleshin is excited about his first oval race being the Indianapolis 500. The Schmidt Peterson Motorsports driver is one of the fastest newcomers. Phillip B. Wilson / The Star
What if female fans inquire?
"If they want to know, they can ask," he said, laughing again.
"He's a special Russian," said French teammate Simon Pagenaud, winner of Saturday's inaugural Grand Prix of Indianapolis. "He's very funny, even though you can't really see it on his face because he's kind of stoic.
"We've had some really good times already, some really good nights. I enjoy his company and I also enjoy him as a teammate. He's very competitive. He studies a lot, analyzes the data and writes everything down in his notebook, which is very rare for a driver, to see that attention to detail."
Aleshin, 26, spent his formative years racing in Europe, where he was Formula Renault 3.5 champion in 2010. He grew up in Moscow watching Formula One on television with his father, Peter. It wasn't about following a favorite driver, though.
"I just like to watch the fight," he said of racing.
PIT PASS: Where in the world is Kanaan's Indy-winning car?
500 CENTRAL: Schedule, quiz, photo gallery and more
Aleshin has already mixed it up with competitors in one weekend at IMS. In qualifying for the Grand Prix, he tangled with Sebastien Bourdais. Verizon IndyCar Series race control flagged Aleshin for interference. The punishment was starting 25th.
Despite rolling off the line from that final position, Aleshin was unable to avoid the stalled car of polesitter Sebastian Saavedra and crashed out of the race in a botched standing start.
Before that, he finished 22nd at Alabama, sixth at Long Beach and 12th at St. Petersburg.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"The results he had done not show his talent," Pagenaud said.
Team co-owner Sam Schmidt hasn't been discouraged, either.
"I don't know that I've ever had a rookie take to it this good," said Schmidt, an IndyCar Series team owner since 2001. "He took to the oval phenomenally well. His line right out of the box is incredible. He's like a sponge, listening to everything we have to say."
Sometimes his words don't come out perfectly, but one he enunciates and repeats clearly is "passionate." That he is.
"I think if you're not enjoying what you do when you do racing, it's impossible to do it well," he said. "When you're passionate about this, everything makes sense."
So it makes sense for him to not be the least bit nervous about the 230-mph straightaway speeds he will face on his first oval experience.
"Straight to Indy 500," he said. "Nice."
Call Star reporter Phillip B. Wilson at (317) 444-6642. Follow him on Twitter: @pwilson24.
Today's schedule
10 a.m.: Gates open
Noon-6 p.m.: IndyCar practice
Tickets: $15
May 25: 98th running of Indianapolis 500. Tickets start at $40
Pit Pass Live: Next show, today at 9:30 a.m. on IndyStar.com. Curt Cavin and James Hinchcliffe host. Special guest: Ryan Hunter-Reay.
Motor vehicles produced by country in 2013.
This is a list of countries by motor vehicle production based on Organisation Internationale des Constructeurs d'Automobiles (OICA) and other data from 2016 and earlier.
Figures include passenger cars, light commercial vehicles, minibuses, trucks, buses and coaches.[1]
EX denotes that the country's motor vehicle production rank is unknown.
Countries by volume of production since 1950 Countries by shares of production since 1950
List of countries by produced vehicles per 1000 capita in 2017
# Country Prod. veh. per 1000 capita Population 1 Slovakia 183.93 5,445,087 2 Czech Republic 133.61 10,627,794 3 Slovenia 91.71 2,070,050 4 South Korea 79.69 51,635,256 5 Japan 76.68 126,420,000 6 Germany 68.11 82,887,000 7 Spain 60.95 46,733,038 8 Canada 58.92 37,332,100 9 Hungary 52.00 9,771,000 10 United States 34.06 328,502,000 11 France 33.05 67,392,000 12 Mexico 32.14 126,577,691 13 Thailand 28.75 69,183,173 14 United Kingdom 26.49 66,040,229 15 Turkey 20.98 80,810,525 16 Sweden 22.00 10,215,250 17 China 20.81 1,394,170,000 18 Italy 18.91 60,395,921 19 Iran 18.46 82,111,600 20 Poland 17.95 38,433,600 21 Portugal 17.06 10,291,027 22 Finland 16.59 5,522,015 World 12.87 7,560,396,866 23 Brazil 12.85 210,098,000 24 Taiwan 12.36 23,584,865 25 Serbia 11.41 7,001,444 26 Morocco 10.78 34,899,900 27 Argentina 10.61 44,494,502 28 Russia 10.56 146,877,088 29 South Africa 10.22 57,725,600 30 Indonesia 4.59 265,015,300 31 Uzbekistan 4.29 32,653,900 32 Australia 3.91 25,217,300 33 India 3.56 1,342,010,000 34 Belgium 3.31 11,449,656 35 Vietnam 2.49 95,001,537 36 Romania 1.84 19,523,621 37 Colombia 1.52 49,464,683 38 Algeria 1.42 42,545,964 39 Belarus 1.42 9,477,100 40 Malaysia 1.41 32,606,800 41 Austria 1.13 8,857,960 41 Philippines 1.09 107,039,000 42 Kazakhstan 1.04 18,356,900 43 Netherlands 0.91 17,290,900 44 Ukraine 0.23 42,198,483 45 Pakistan 0.11 203,302,000 46 Venezuela 0.06 31,828,110 47 Egypt 0.04 98,170,900 48 Tunisia 0.02 11,434,994
See also [ edit ]
“Scientists are far from reaching a consensus”, Scope News reported recently in relation to Caroline's Star and the shattered wormholes. That certainly did not change with a new enigma appearing in New Eden: the Drifter battleships. Several theories about their nature and origin have been developed, but none of them seems conclusive at this point. Today, I want to summarize all those speculations and what speaks for or against each one of them.
Awakened Sleepers
It may be that the Drifters are actually Sleepers who have awakened and escaped their virtual reality prison. The pilots of the Drifter battleships are Jovian in appearance, and so would the Sleepers be, since they originally emerged from Jovian civilisation. An even more interesting aspect are the extensive implants of the Drifter pilots. Sleepers have modified their brains extensively to integrate their minds with the VR Construct. Sleepers would also have a reason to be hostile against New Eden's capsuleers. After all, they have been busy destroying and plundering Sleeper facilities in Anoikis for years. The description of Vigilant Tyrannos—the Drifter's in-game organisation—describes them as “emerging from Anoikis”. They also appear to make use of specially attuned “unidentified wormholes”, which are flanked by structures that look like Sleeper-designed architecture.
Drifter Battleship entering an Unidentified Wormhole
On the other hand, Drifters are not found in Anoikis (W-space) itself. If they came from there, would there not be evidence of their activities? Their ships also do not look like Sleeper vessels and neither do their weapons appear similar in technology. Another thing is, the Vigilant Tyrannos pilots are very obviously capsuleers. They have the plugs used for capsule control systems and so far we have only seen two of them in the field, Artemis and Apollo. That strongly implies that they are clone pilots and the Sleepers did not endorse cloning. Their rule was that for each mind in the Construct, there has to be one body in the real world. That would speak against having an army of replacement clones. The final indication against the Sleeper origin theory is that the Circadian Seeker drones are scanning the Drifter battleships and the structures associated with them. If they knew those objects already because they are of Sleeper origin, there would be no reason for them to do so.
Talocan
There has been speculation that the Drifters may be members of the long-lost Talocan civilisation. That the Talocan were a race of interstellar nomads fits well with the name Drifter. The Talocan were also familiar with manipulation of space-time and potentially the first to develop a form of gate. Since they co-existed with the Sleepers in Anoikis, it can easily be argued that they may have learned from them and would also explain familiarity with wormholes. The listening posts also have a slight resemblance with known Talocan structures. Most strikingly, the propulsion systems of Drifter ships are not based on engines as we know them, but they seem to distort space, again a technological method that could be associated with the Talocan.
Talocan Gate Study by Arek'Jalaan
Standing against that theory are a number of striking counterarguments. There is no evidence in the lore that Talocan and Jovian are in any way related. When the Sleepers—people of Jovian origin—arrived in Anoikis, the Talocan were in no way familiar with them. Again, the lack of Drifter activity in Anoikis itself seems strange when considering that this was the last known base of Talocan operations and the issue of cloning reappears as well. There are clear indications that the Talocan did not possess infomorph technology or advanced cloning facilities. In fact it seems to have been that lack of development which lead to their demise in Anoikis where they appear to have been decimated by a pandemic. Finally, the Drifter battleships do not look much like known Talocan ship designs.
Enheduanni
Possibly the Drifters are the Enheduanni returning from their self-imposed exile. Originally, they were the caretakers of Jove society and were in a position to become its ruling caste. That fits together perfectly with the name Vigilant (watchful) Tyrannos (ruler). Not only were the Enheduanni watching over Jovians during their long sleep in the generational ships of old, they also kept surveillance on the other empires of New Eden after they withdrew from Jovian society. The Enheduanni also knew about cloning, capsule control systems and wormholes. In the chronicle Theodicy the Jovian Crius describes them as users of “hyper-advanced implants”, and creators of sleeper agents “born as adults from cloning vats with complete memories of fabricated backgrounds”, and that they were capable of “transporting matter instantaneously across space without the use of wormholes, stargates, or jump-drives”. All that and the comment that their technology is far more advanced than anything we know lends itself to the argument that the Drifters may be Enheduanni or maybe a group of those clones created by them. Even the curiosity of the Circadian Seekers could be explained that way. The Enheduanni were still part of Jovian society when the Architects proposed that all Jovians should enter virtual reality, but they vanished soon after. Contemporary Sleepers would recognise them as Jovian but very likely be unaware of their particular background. This theory also offers an explanation why the Drifters can not be found in Anoikis, since the Enheduanni never followed the Sleepers there, they are very likely to be unfamiliar with that stellar cluster.
There is not much I could find which contradicts this theory. There is the issue of difference in ship design, weaponry and architecture between the Drifter battleships and Listening Posts and what we know of other Jovian constructions. Considering how the Enheduanni developed independently and covertly for centuries, that does not amount to much though. Another question this theory poses is why there are not more of them if they were part of the Enheduanni. So far we only know of Apollo, Artemis and Strategos. It may however be that any other Enheduanni could have decided to remain in hiding and act through a small number of capsuleers as proxies. The main counter to the theory that Drifters may be Enheduanni is the description of their faction as “emerging from the ruins of the Sleeper civilization spread throughout Anoikis”. Certainly, the Enheduanni can not be considered as originating from there.
The Others
Another chilling theory proposes that the Drifters are physical manifestations of The Others. That generic name was given to an artificial intelligence which developed in the Sleeper Construct and later managed to insinuate itself into the mind of Jamyl Sarum. Templar One makes mention of more than one such emergent consciousness. Recently what appeared to be the long vanished founder of Arek'Jalaan, Hillen Tukoss, transmitted some cryptic messages requesting a number of Jovian genetic samples, but nobody could confirm his identity. Maybe a ploy by The Others on the path to create ships and Jovian clones to inhabit and pilot those vessels. The apparent fusion of Jovian, Sleeper and Talocan technology used by the Drifters supports that. The Others would certainly possess knowledge of all three since they have developed from the wealth of data the Sleepers had stored. Clearly they would also know about wormholes and the interest of the Circadian Seekers in them would be well founded since the Sleepers take an antagonistic view of The Others because they consider them as deviation from their “one body-one mind” rule.
The main counter to this theory comes in the form of the listening posts. It appears that the Drifters are directly related to those structures as they spawn near them (maybe from them?) and appeared at the same time as those constructs decloaked. The Others have only developed barely a decade ago and them finding a way to come to New Eden is an even more recent occurrence. They simply could not have built those Listening Posts, but If the idea is dismissed that the Drifters are directly connected to those unidentified structures, then this theory could still stand. In addition to that, the Circadian Seekers would most definitely be hostile against anything they could identify as The Other because the Sleepers would consider them an antithesis to their own moral code.
Sansha
It has been noted that the headquarters of Vigilant Tyrannos are in the same system that had been occupied by Sansha forces several years ago. The Jovians claimed to have liberated the system shortly after, but it is still possible that Sansha's Nation managed to abduct Jovians to turn them into slaves and thus acquired Jovian technology as well. The fact that Sansha's Nation uses artificially generated wormholes to transport their fleets supports the latter speculation along with the heavy use of implants and generic names like Starategos Tyrannos, describing a function rather than an individual, similar to Sansha True Slaves.
On the other hand, the Drifter battleships form a problem for this theory. If the Drifters were created by Sansha's Nation by means of stolen Jovian technology and clones, why would Sansha Kuvakei not make use of the same technology in his fleets? The propulsion and weaponry of the Drifter battleships appear far beyond anything the Nation uses and there is no indication whatsoever that there has been any sort of technological exchange between the two factions other than the method for wormhole generation.
Image courtesy of Evenews24
Ancient Jovians
The most recent theory, put forward by Uriel Paradisi Anteovnuecci of Jovian Labs speculates that the Drifters may be the heirs of a ruling class that governed the Second Jove Empire. Many of the correlations submitted by Uriel fit well into the picture: The Drifter names, their ruthless nature and advanced technology which could be left over from the Second Empire's glory days. With the apparent collapse of contemporary Jovian society, it would even make sense that some long-hidden remnants of the old empire take the effort to reclaim what they consider rightfully theirs.
On the other hand, that begs the question: Where have those rulers of old been all those centuries since the Second Empire's collapse? Could they not have made their move when the Architects threatened to divide Jovian Society, or when the Enheduanni gave up their position of supremacy to relegate themselves to covert manipulation from behind the scenes? How would the heirs of Miko Bour know about wormholes and related technology developed by the Sleepers? After all, the migration of Jovians to Anoikis happened long after their time. If we consider the Listening Posts as having a direct connection to the Drifters, then it would also be questionable how the Tyrants of ancient times managed to build all those structures covertly, and what their purpose could have been. Their main focus would arguably be to re-establish their rule over the Jovians, and not necessarily to watch over all the other powers of New Eden.
As you can see, each theory creates new questions with every answer it appears to provide. I personally favour the Enheduanni theory the most, with the qualifier that I wouldn't consider the Drifters to be the Enheduanni but rather a group of clone pilots tasked with the maintenance and defense of the listening posts. Still, that does not answer the question why they are described as coming from W-space. That description, however, is supplied by CONCORD, and therefore could be built on misconceptions about the Drifter's nature. CONCORD knows about Sleepers, Jovians and Anoikis, but they would be completely ignorant of the Enheduanni and their existence.
In any case, it looks like some time will pass before scientists of New Eden come to a consensus who those new participants in the cosmic narrative are.
For reference, many of the mentioned theories were discussed or mentioned on the Hydrostatic Lore Panel discussions which can be found here and here.
The battle of Van Gogh's ear: Artist didn't chop it off - Gauguin attacked him in brothel row over woman
Self-portrait: Vincent Van Gogh never spoke about the cause of his missing ear, but it is claimed rival Paul Gauguin chopped it off outside a brothel
History has always painted Vincent Van Gogh as the artist who cut off his ear. But according to researchers, history might have got the wrong man.
They believe that, in fact, it was Paul Gauguin, an artist of almost equal renown, who cut off his friend's ear.
And the injury wasn't inflicted for the sake of art - rather it was part of a feud over a prostitute.
This theory is the masterpiece of German historians who have pored over the evidence for ten years.
They believe the story about the self-inflicted wound was invented by the sword-wielding Gauguin just to protect himself.
What is not disputed is that Van Gogh lost his ear when the two artists were living in the South of France in December 1888.
The Dutch painter, who travelled to France after teaching himself to draw, was attempting to set up an artists' retreat.
The two were known to fight about art. Van Gogh believed an artist should paint what he saw, while Gauguin painted according to his memory.
But on this occasion, they were fighting over a prostitute named Rachel, outside the brothel where she worked, the book says.
Paul Gauguin, pictured, cut off Van Gogh's ear, says Hans Kaufmann of Hamburg University
Hans Kaufmann, of Hamburg University, said: 'To get rid of Van Gogh, who was begging him to stay [in the south of France] Gauguin waved his weapon in the direction of the victim while they were in front of the house of ill repute. 'The left ear fell. We cannot say if it was deliberate or an accident. In this situation, the protagonists vowed to keep silent. Then Gauguin disappeared, abandoning his friend. 'The next day, the police questioned Gauguin. That's when he made up the theory about self-mutilation.' Van Gogh, in bed, did not give the police any information. But he was so upset by the abandonment, the book says, that he shot himself in the chest seven months later, and died, at 37. He may have been suffering from lead poisoning from the paints he used. The academics say the accepted theory that Van Gogh cut off his own ear is based entirely on Gauguin's story. Van Gogh never talked about it. 'Subsequent behaviour and numerous allusions by the protagonists suggest they were hiding the truth,' Mr Kaufmann told French newspaper Le Figaro. One of Van Gogh's most famous pieces, Starry Night, which inspired a song by Don McLean
If the truth had come out, Gauguin could have faced prison, whereas Van Gogh's retreat would never have been closed, the academics added.
Gauguin is said to have thrown his sword into the River Rhone out of remorse. Neither the sword nor the razor Van Gogh is said to have used to cut himself were found.
There have been many theories about how Van Gogh lost his ear. Some blame his descent into mental illness, others the breakdown of his friendship with Gauguin. But before now, they have never disputed that it was self-inflicted.
Looking back upon the heyday of the newspaper industry, images of angry cigar-smoking editors, journalists with fedoras carrying “press” cards and sharpened pencils, and little Dickensian children on the street corner shouting “Read all about it!” are evoked. That was back when nothing MORE than newspapers existed, that is in the form of competition. Yes, the paper was as cutting edge as the refrigerator back when the nation relied on its local street urchin to find out what was new in the world. Nowadays, in spite of a good many paperboys who regularly find summer employment, it's the tech-savvy youth that are primarily responsible for the undoing of anachronistic traditions. You'd think an industry whose very purpose is to keep regular tabs on the status quo would be able to adapt to an ever-changing environment, but such was apparently not the case as an industry of old dogs failed to learn any new tricks (instead they just continued licking themselves). Here's a look at the top ten reasons why not all traditions are timeless, and particularly why the newspaper industry is folding under itself (and being held in place with a rubber band).
10 Aging Audiences
Reason: It's Made By and Aimed at “Old People.”
You're going to lose a lot of business targeting the most transient demographics, the ones on the way out the door, whereas there is a lot of money in tapping into the prodigal youth. You want to secure a place in the hearts of those that really pull all the strings, the ones that will inherit the earth one day. To simply secure the ports of every hospital feeding tube is extremely short-sighted. Most successful business models aren't based on a client-base that remembers when things used to cost a nickel (e.g. Facebook, iPods, any beverage ever, etc.). Not only do newspapers adapt poorly to an internet model, they also seem to be completely clueless about what appeals to younger demographics (beyond the extremely topical). That's a matter of external research, but try telling any stubborn print publication run by complacent old coots to look outside of itself.
9 No Passion
Reason: There's no Passion in the Journalism.
When you read any front page news story, chances are it'll be the driest, most cliche-prone pile of bullet points you'll find outside of a reporter's notebook. Beyond the basic story elements (the ol' “Who, What, When, Where, Why and How”) there is rarely any narrative or creative expansion, really no more than the laziest consolidation of a tape recorder's content. The straight-forwardness is crucial to the relay of the most vital information, but more than being just a journalist (but a bona fide writer), the material should be at least interpreted in a way that would appeal to those otherwise uninterested in bland subject matter (e.g. real estate, finances, etc.). Or just keep on writing to appease the routine-seekers…
8 No Journalism
Reason: There's no Journalism in the Journalism.
How much of the news we receive really matters? Relevance is the crux of the news industry for sure, but is a car accident or local robbery really relevant to anyone who doesn't confuse breaking news with gossip? There are two types of news: “hard news” and “soft news.” The former would be like a local politician passing a bill or a murder, while the latter would be something like a business profile or feature on a kid in a wheelchair who can do Pee-Wee Herman impressions. The difference is in how immediate or timely a story is. But what should matter most is how much a story resonates with us as humans, not so much as how a story appeals to our lowest instincts to draw us in. When politics enter the newsroom, papers often use common affiliations to solicit to large, generic groups of people. Journalism should be a neutral platform to which everyone can subscribe unequivocally, not just those on the inside of the slant.
7 Impractical
Reason: It's Impractical and Inconvenient.
This is the reason a lot of retro-technology is pushed aside so quickly for the next flashy thing. Vinyl records became immediately more bulky and involved as soon as CD's came about, as convenience is always preferred to quality or substance. Accordingly, it's completely impractical to dig through a compost pile of newspapers to ascertain a news story from last year; whereas with the internet, archives exist, and virtually nothing is out of reach with a single laptop or handheld smartphone with internet access. Then there's the matter of paper waste, the very reason hardcore green-heads don't read the paper.
6 Cost
Reason: It Costs Money.
As the old adage goes, why pay for something that's free? This is the very ideology that devastates the music industry and paper industry alike. Like pirated music, news is very much available for free on the internet, largely from websites pertaining to major city newspapers. With that being the case, news being readily accessible, and streamed to your homepage even, it seems redundant to pay a monthly subscription to hear the same thing from a pile of carbon (or digital equivalent). And that is the central problem with the newspaper, it really offers nothing new.
5 Literacy
Reason: It Requires Literacy.
Simply put, most Americans don't like to read, recreationally or otherwise. Newspapers endorse literacy implicitly on a daily basis. Granted, the industry is aimed at the least educated-types for a reason, as people don't often have the attention span to sit down and absorb a single thing without being simultaneously stimulated by 18 others. Truth be told, if the paper didn't have so many full-page pictures, or a funnies section, it would've died a long time ago (some people get all their news from Doonesbury alone).
4 Wasteful
Reason: Wasteful Overhead.
Between large headquarters, lofty offices, salaried employees and warehouses containing cumbersome printing presses which use (i.e. waste) all sorts of ink and paper every day, a lot of money goes into the daily newspaper that shows up at your door step every morning. All that money is exactly what keeps the industry from garnering any viable or growth-enabling profit margins, when online-based newspapers (like AOL's Patch) are accountable for virtually no overhead (operating mostly out of coffee shops and a host website, in lieu of a physical headquarters) and make all their money through ad revenue. This is the Age of DIY, digital music, E-books and reality TV: less material equals more room for profits.
3 Big Business
3. Big Business Pretensions.
Again, the newspaper industry still thinks it's on the same page as Wall Street, Big Oil and Big Tobacco, and can maintain that Tony Montana business ethos of wasteful expenditures and general impetuosity. It's almost foolish to think you can keep up a business full of highly-demanding, not to mention overpaid, staff members, providing benefits and the kinds of perks that are usually found in the fluffiest regions of the corporate world. But when starving journalists fresh out of grad school are willing to do the exact same work for a lot less, and with a lot more zeal for the trade as an art form, it becomes a million times more practical to take on a body of freelancers who cut overhead into a fractional value. But if you insist on guaranteeing each employee gets a new jet ski or swimming pool full of caviar for a Christmas bonus, so be it.
2 Cable
Reason: Cable News.
With cable news, reading is obsolete. This is exciting for people uninterested in maintaining the acuteness of their wits. For those who like doing no work and reaping all the benefits, including a dash of enlightenment, it's a sheer delight to be able to watch television and effortlessly absorb all the necessary points a newspaper requires you to sift for. This is huge competition for such a literacy-dependent medium as the newspaper. Not only that, the paper only comes once a day, meaning that anything that happens thereafter can't be reported until the very next day. Cable news on the other hand can report a story on the minute and as it happens, even before it happens; for instance, when the news of Osama Bin Laden's death hadn't yet been made official, CNN was there to break it as it was being relayed from various sources and inside informants, who were alluding to some “important announcement” to be made by the President. The paper “broke” this news the following morning.
1 The Internet
Reason: The Internet.
The internet is responsible for a lot of deaths. Primary, the death of humanity. Through it, people no longer need interact face to face or leave their houses to buy things or even work (in some cases). When news can be broken the second it happens, or at least as long as it takes for a witness to type it and publish it online (with Twitter or Facebook, that is only seconds), it's a remarkable thing. That is unless your business model still operates on a once/day basis. In that case, you come off as perpetually slow to the punch, nothing more than a recap of what's already been said/revealed. It is for that reason that the newspaper is no longer a practical way to receive information, that is when it comes to the very topical. Since most papers don't dig much further than the topical, it is not introducing a new element and hardly a fresh perspective. There is a lot to say for a tangible product, but the product in journalism really comes down to a single abstraction: knowledge. That is what needs to be sold effectively. Sadly, there's nothing effective about a newspaper anymore.
Finland's Artturi Lehkonen was the fourth player chosen by the Canadiens in the 2013 NHL draft, but he clocks in as the top-rated in our countdown, and may well end up as the best of the bunch. While I wasn't as big on Michael McCarron, Jacob De La Rose, and Zachary Fucale prior to this year's draft, I had this undersized winger ranked 25th overall. Lehkonen had a very impressive season playing with not just KalPa Kuopio of the SM-Liiga, but also with Finland at the World Junior Championships and the U-18s.
Votes:
As can often be expected with new draftees, there was a wide discrepancy in the voting on Lehkonen. While three voters had the 55th overall pick outside their top-25s, seven decided he was worthy of a top-15 ranking.
Arik Ian Matt Marc Stephen Robert Andrew Bruce Justin Chris Laura J-F 14 27 29 10 14 12 7 11 16 14 26 19
Strengths:
Lehkonen is a pure goal-scorer, but he's also an exciting all-around offensive talent. While his accurate and explosive wrist shot is likely his best feature, he also possesses solid skating (his edge work allows him to be elusive in getting by defenders in one-on-one situations), good puck skills, and elite hockey sense. He uses these traits to make up for his weaknesses - which I will get to next - and he's been having success at this while playing with men in the third-strongest professional league in Europe for a year and a half.
More impressive than individual traits, perhaps, are the numbers he's put up compared to his peers. Copper N' Blue, our Edmonton Oilers affiliate, put together a look at comparables for top the-30 draft eligible players of 2013, and the list for Lehkonen was particularly intriguing considering his output approached heralded second-overall pick Aleksander Barkov. Here, Lehkonen's numbers are posted against every first round pick taken out of the SM-Liiga in the last 30 drafts.
Lehkonen was chosen 55th, while his numbers place him amongst peers who went no later than 18th - that being none other than Chicago Blackhawks prospect Teuvo Teravainen, whom the Canadiens were high on, and who was a top-5 player on many draft boards. Lehkonen and Teravainen also tore in up playing together at Finland's World Junior camp this month.
What's also notable about the Canadiens draft pick's great season is that his point and goal totals seem sustainable. His 7.3% Fenwick shooting percentage ranked him 48th out of the 116 players in the league with at least 100 unblocked shot attempts (or positive Fenwick events), and overall he ranked 46th in positive Fenwick events. Barkov, in contrast, got almost four minutes more ice-time per game, shot significantly less, but also scored more. It's hard to say how much of that was talent and how much was "luck"-driven, but having seen Lehkonen's shot it's not out of the question that even without maturing as a player he could see even better numbers in the year to come.
Weaknesses
There are two major factors that likely pushed Lehkonen down some draft boards. The first is size. Lehkonen at last count is only 5'10", 163 pounds, which is significantly undersized, even for a winger. It's not uncommon, however, for players to weigh in that range at 17 years of age - there is still time to bulk up - and considering he doesn't tend to shy away from the dirty areas, and in fact scores a decent percentage of his goals from the crease, I doubt it will be a major issue in his progression towards the NHL.
The bigger issue is his health. Lehkonen suffered two concussions in 2012-2013, the second of which was the result of a dirty hit from Jarkko Ruutu. Though neither caused him to miss many games, there is always the risk of re-injury. Concussions can be a slippery slope, and though injuries are a risk for any prospect, somebody who has already suffered two by the time he's 18 is just one wrong hit away from a career put in jeopardy. That was the biggest reason I didn't rate Lehkonen any higher than 14, although I was tempted to, and may have been a reason for his slide in the draft.
Projection:
Lehkonen is going to play next season in the SML, but after that it's quite possible he comes to North America and begins pushing for a spot with the Canadiens. It would be optimistic to say he could make the team in 2014, but I would say that fans should expect him to become a relevant piece of the puzzle by 2015-2016. If he can stay healthy and bulk up, there is no reason why he can't be a top-6 goal-scoring forward in the NHL, something teams can always use and something that makes him a very valuable commodity.
Would you trade him?
As we continue to rank these players, we continue to ask you for your say. Is there anybody below #13 that you would trade for Artturi Lehkonen? Who would be your top-ranked player from the 2013 Canadiens draft class?
by Wayne Friedman , Staff Writer, December 12, 2014
For years, TV broadcasters have talked about how much they have been paid by TV distributors -- cable, satellite and telco companies. They will talk up the fact of their viewership numbers, which still generally outperform those of any cable network.
That said, we know there are exceptions: USA Network, TBS, Fox News and others can pull in more prime-time viewers than the likes of The CW, or other niche broadcast networks. Individual cable shows such as “The Walking Dead” can regularly beat any and all TV network shows in key viewership areas for an entire season.
But generally TV broadcasters still reign supreme -- which is why Dish Network, as well as other pay TV companies, needs to have them as part of their programming portfolio.
Now Dish wants to change the game for new digital offerings. The company might not want TV broadcast stations to be included in the basic plan of its upcoming cloud-based TV service, according to the Wall Street Journal.
advertisement advertisement
Dish wants big media companies like NBC and Disney-ABC to exclude their TV broadcast properties -- or at least to reserve the option to put those broadcast properties on a separate higher-priced tier. That could be a problem down the line since big media is all about leveraging all their properties -- cable, broadcast (as well as digital rights) -- with distributors.
Dish, at least, seems to want to give consumers the option to pay more for those broadcast TV stations in a separate tier -- kind of like what many pay TV providers have been pushing to do with expensive sports cable networks like ESPN.
Dish intends its cloud-based basic package, with a fee of around $30 a month, to be an inexpensive alternative to the pricey $90 and more traditional monthly pay TV package.
All this would mean higher-rated TV shows like “The Voice,” “NCIS” and “Scandal”, as well as much NFL sports programming, wouldn't be available with Dish's new service. That might work for light, occasional TV viewers -- or young millennials and/or Gen-Xers -- who would still get a variety of channels, including cable news networks.
Consumers think they're saving on entertainment? You always get what you pay for.
Facebook will help “source” questions online for the town hall-style presidential debate between Republican nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, the organization behind the debates announced on Wednesday night.
Janet Brown, the executive director of the Commission on Presidential Debates, said that anyone will be able to submit a question. There are no guarantees, however, that those questions will make it on air. The moderators of the debate, ABC's Martha Raddatz and CNN's Anderson Cooper, will be under no obligation to use them, Brown said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Still, never before has the commission given moderators a formal option to gather questions from the public via the internet for a general presidential election debate, according to Brown.
A Facebook spokesperson said Thursday morning that its role is advisory and the television networks involved will decide how the questions are collected, if they are collected at all. Moderators could gather questions through their own Facebook pages, for example, or the page of their employer.
The commission has been discussing ways to incorporate questions through social media since at least April. It had previously said that half of the questions in the debate “will be posed directly by citizen participants and the other half will be posed by the moderator based on topics of broad public interest as reflected in social media and other sources.”
Questions culled from social and digital media have been used in presidential primary debates for years. CNN famously broke ground with a debate in 2007 that featured Americans asking questions through YouTube videos.
Since then, tech companies have become fixtures at the events during primary season. Google, Facebook and Twitter were all involved in primary debates this cycle and sometimes invested in lush lounges where journalists and political operatives could learn more about their tools. These efforts come as internet brands do more than ever to press their policy cases in Washington.
But the general election debates have so far lagged when it comes to incorporating the public's input through the internet. Google, AOL and Yahoo were all involved in a digital outreach effort around the debates in 2012, but that effort was criticized for paying little more than lip service to the idea of public participation.
Facebook's involvement in sourcing questions was announced as part of a broader set of initiatives involving tech companies at the debates.
Google and Facebook will, for example, give moderators of each debate data about what people are talking about online in advance of the events. Facebook will also be the “exclusive social media sponsor” of the first and third presidential debates.
Snapchat will cover each debate with one of its Live Story features, and Microsoft is working with "PBS NewsHour" to produce a website where the public can watch debates from previous years.
— This post was updated at 8:32 a.m.
17 Galleries: Escaped baboon is caught in Howell
HOWELL — The baboon that led officials on a two-day chase has been caught.
"Our staff confirmed that an adolescent baboon was found in Howell," said Kristin B. Siebeneicher, a spokeswoman for Six Flags Great Adventure. "The animal was tranquilized and is being brought to the safari for a physical exam and health assessment."
Police officers from Howell and Great Adventure staff tranquilized the baboon around 2:40 p.m. today on a farm on Fairfield Road in Howell.
"While we haven't confirmed the origin of this animal, it seems likely that it is one of the Safari's baboons," Siebeneicher said. Great Adventure is home to a drive-through safari. About 150 baboons roam free and breed inside a chain link fence there, and the state does not require the park to keep an exact count of how many primates it has on a given day.
All of the baboons are vaccinated and have a microchip embedded beneath their skin, Siebeneicher said.
The baboon was first spotted at 2 p.m. Thursday sitting on the east side of Interstate 195 near Exit 16. Over the course of the next two days, the monkey would lead police across Ocean and Monmouth counties as dozens of residents in Jackson and Freehold called police to report its latest whereabouts.
Previous coverage :
• Escaped baboon, spotted in Jackson and Freehold, remains missing
• Baboon still on the loose in Jackson, residents say
• Jackson woman reports baboon sighting at home
A brief, slightly confusing exchange between Rep. Jerrold Nadler and FBI director Robert Mueller at a hearing this week is stirring up a lot of fuss, as C-NET reports (and The Hill repeats) that it reveals an NSA admission that analysts sifting through metadata can, without further court authorization, listen to calls or read e-mails:
First, let me suggest that nobody go too nuts with this just yet: This is a two minute exchange referencing an earlier classified briefing, and the parties to it hasn't responded to requests for comment yet. That said, let's try to figure out what's going on.
One possibility is just that Rep. Nadler is talking about analysts having discretion to get the subscriber information on a suspicious number and blurring that with content. But those are two pretty different things, and it seems unlikely he'd make that error. So let's assume for a moment that's not it.
What seems more likely is that Nadler is saying analysts sifting through metadata have the discretion to determine (on the basis of what they're seeing in the metadata) that a particular phone number or e-mail account satisfies the conditions of one of the broad authorizations for electronic surveillance under §702 of the FISA Amendments Act. Those authorizations allow the targeting of whole groups or “categories of intelligence targets,” as the administration puts it. Once the FISA Court approves targeting procedures, they have no further role in deciding which specific accounts can be spied on. This is, as those of us who wrote about the FAA during its recent reauthorization observed, kind of problem.
Legally speaking, the analysts don't have carte blanche. In other words, this isn't “warrantless wiretapping” so much as “general warrant wiretapping.” They can't just tap any old call or read any old e-mail they strike them as “suspicious.” They've got to be flagging content for interception because they believe it's covered by a particular §702 authorization, and observe whatever “targeting procedures” the FISA Court has established for the relevant authorization. They can't “intentionally” intercept any calls or Internet communications that are “known at the time of acquisition” to be totally domestic. But then, what an analyst “knows at the time of acquisition” may be pretty hard to determine, unless they clearly should have been able to determine from the metadata that all ends were located in the United States. Often, especially for Internet communications, that won't necessarily be so.
Also, the “target” of the acquisition has to be “believed to be” outside the United States. But there's some ambiguity about exactly what that “targeting” limitation means. That is, it's not clear whether the phone or e-mail user you're spying on must be outside the United States, or whether it's enough that you are seeking information about a group primarily located overseas. I'll assume the former, more restrictive case for now: The analyst must believe that one end of the communication is outside the United States, and flag that account or phone line for collection. Note that even if the real target is the domestic phone number, an analyst working from the metadatabase wouldn't have a name, just a number. That means there's no “particular, known US person,” which ensures that the §702 ban on “reverse targeting” is, pretty much by definition, not violated.
None of that would be too surprising in principle: That's the whole point of §702! It means analysts get discretion to decide what particular accounts fall under a very broad order. A key question, of course, is just what the checks in the process are. Can an analyst technically (if not legally) plug in any selector to start collecting on and just start getting material? Does anyone check their work before call and e-mail content starts flowing in? How closely are their error rates checked after it does? Again, legally, they don't have a blank check, but it's the details of the system architecture that determine whether you'd be able to tell the difference in practice.
Anyway, creepy as this all may sound, it's not exactly a new revelation if Nadler is indeed talking about authority to collect content under §702, though the potential for error seems greater if the basis for acquisition is literally nothing more than a “suspicious pattern” culled from metadata. In theory, the system could be flagging calls and e-mails for interception almost automatically (like GMail deciding what to flag as “important'), with the analyst occasionally checking off an “OK” box.
Still, this is more or less what the FISA Amendments Act was designed to do. Shame people didn't freak out to this extent at the end of 2012, when Congress voted for five more years of it.
On AMC's hit drama "Breaking Bad," Jesse (Aaron Paul) and Walter (Bryan Cranston) are the perfect poisonous pair. Walt needs someone to look down on, just as Jesse needs someone to look up to, but the Season 4 finale left more questions than answers for the pair.
Walter has consistently betrayed Jesse throughout the series, and the shocking end to Season 4 proved just that, as we found out that it was Walt who poisoned Brock (Ian Posada). Jesse may not know the truth yet, but how does actor Aaron Paul feel about Walter's betrayal?
"Shame on Walt," Paul told Vulture, while promoting his new film "Smashed" at Sundance. "Like, I hate Walt for what he's done to Jesse. If only Jesse knew all the horrible things that he did, oh my God. I love that they're back together, but it's always been such a back-and-forth struggle, a love-hate relationship."
However, for Paul, he believes that the dynamic crime duo ultimately respect one another, even though they can't seem to trust each other.
"But I think at the end, in the parking lot, I think they're there for each other," he revealed. "They know it was a rough ride. I think they understand each other as true partners now. I don't think Walt considers himself as a boss to Jesse anymore. Maybe deep down, because Walt has a big ego, but I think Jesse sees himself as being equal to Walt."
One can't help but wonder if Walt's ultimate punishment for his crimes will come at the hands of Jesse -- or if the pair will be each other's undoing. After all, what's "Breaking Bad" without more death and destruction? Even the recently-engaged Paul has his own theory on how the series will end next season.
General Motors' European branch just revealed the 2017 Opel Insignia Sports Tourer, the same wagon that we spotted cruising around Los Angeles a while back. Why was this gorgeous European long roof in California? Because chances are very good that this is our next Buick Regal wagon.
Here's the car, seen in these pics with Opel, Vauxhall and Holden badges; a Buick release in the U.S. and China would make four, so this wagon would be quite prolific.
The Sports Tourer will be powered by either a four-cylinder or V6 engine and be offered in both front-wheel-drive and all-wheel-drive variants. The AWD models will even have a torque vectoring system similar to the Ford Focus RS. The only transmission mentioned for the European market is an eight-speed automatic, so don't hold your breath for a three-pedal Regal wagon here.
Despite the fact that this wagon looks huge and offers a massive 68 cubic feet of cargo space, the new platform is reportedly 440 pounds lighter than the previous generation model.
Advertisement
The official reveal will be at the Geneva Motor Show in March, but in the meantime let's all dream about some Buick wagon goodness.
Advertisement
/:16 Google quietly updated their popular web-based RSS app Reader with a new fullscreen mode that hides all the clutter and navigation so you can focus exclusively on what you're reading.
You can toggle fullscreen mode on and off by hitting 'f' (as in fullscreen). When you turn on fullscreen, all the navigation, the search box, the external links, and all the rest of the space that isn't about reading your feeds vanishes, and all you're left with is the main content. To pull up the navigation or other buttons (like the always handy "Mark all as read"), you can hover your mouse over the very top of the window. Alternately, keyboard junkies can hit Shift+u to toggle the sidebar navigation, switch sources (Shift+j/k will move you up and down in the navigation sidebar), and open a subscription (Shift+o).
Advertisement
It's not a huge change, but if you spend a lot of time in Reader, it's a welcome one that cuts down on a lot of the default Google Reader clutter.
Fullscreen and more! [Official Google Reader Blog]
The Oceanside City Council voted unanimously Wednesday to ban the use of electronic cigarettes in public spaces, and also asked city staff to create an ordinance requiring new e-cigarette shops to apply for a special use permit before opening.
The changes mirrored those taken by several local cities in recent months restricting the use of e-cigarettes, partly out of fear that an increasing number of children are trying the devices.
Under the council's vote, Oceanside's anti-smoking ordinance will be expanded to treat e-cigarettes like conventional cigarette smoking, which is already banned at city beaches, the iconic municipal pier, parks and the Oceanside Civic Center. The law also bars minors from entering a smoke shop or e-cigarette store without a parent of guardian.
“This is an issue that should be regulated and treated just like tobacco,” said Deputy Mayor Esther Sanchez.
Proponents of e-cigarettes say the battery-powered devices are a healthier alternative to tobacco cigarettes because users get nicotine without fire, ash and smoke. But opponents say little is known about the chemicals used in e-cigarettes and the devices can be a gateway to cigarette smoking for young people.
Fabiola Elias-Ramsey, who owns Feels Good Vapor in Oceanside, said Wednesday she agrees that e-cigarettes should be kept away from children but added that there is a legitimate use for the devices — they help people quit smoking.
“I think people are missing the point that every single person using e-cigarettes is a person that is not smoking,” she said.
Ramsey said she is also concerned that her shop is being lumped in with businesses that sell drug paraphernalia. Her shop, which opened about six months on South Coast Highway, doesn't allow minors inside and caters to adults who want to quit smoking, she said.
Under the city's existing anti-smoking ordinance, tobacco and drug paraphernalia shops were already required to ban minors from entering alone. The vote on Wednesday modified that ordinance to include businesses that sell e-cigarettes and devote more than a two foot by four foot section of shelf space for the devices.
There are 124 businesses — including gas stations and convenience stores — in Oceanside that have licenses to sell tobacco and many of them also sell e-cigarettes, according to public health advocacy groups such as the North Coastal Prevention Coalition and the Vista Community Clinic.
Gena Knutson, manager of the Vista Community Clinic's Tobacco Control Program, said many of those establishments place their e-cigarettes near candy, gum and soda where children can see them. She said that is evidence that young people are being targeted by e-cigarette manufacturers.
State law prohibits the sale of e-cigarettes to people under 18 but Councilman Jerry Kern said he has seen children using them in Oceanside. At his request, the council asked staff in December to come up with a plan to make it harder for kids to get a hold of e-cigarettes.
Kern said he was “personally bothered by seeing 14- and 15-year-old kids” smoking e-cigarettes and that the city should aim to “discourage it as much as possible.”
City Attorney John Mullen proposed that the city create an ordinance requiring new smoke and e-cigarette stores to have a conditional use permit before opening. The permit would limit the places in the city where stores can open.
The council asked staff to create the ordinance but did not set a deadline to bring it back for a vote.
According to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report, the number of middle and high school students in the United States who said they have tried e-cigarettes increased from 4.7 percent in 2011 to 10 percent in 2012.
Vista, Carlsbad, Solana Beach, and Poway have already banned the devices in places where smoking regular cigarettes is prohibited. The Del Mar Fairgrounds board of directors also recently voted to ban e-cigarettes during the summer fair.
A WHITE separatist in the US drew complaints from neighbours and a visit from law enforcement officers after erecting a snowman shaped like a member of the Ku Klux Klan on his front lawn.
Kootenai County sheriff's deputies told Markus Eliseuson he could be charged with a crime because the three-metre snowman was holding what appeared to be a noose. Deputies were called yesterday by neighbours who were appalled by the pointy-headed snowman with two dark eyes.
The city of Hayden for decades earned notoriety for being near the former rural compound of the Aryan Nations.
Read Next
Mr Eliseuson could have been charged with creating a public nuisance. Idaho law defines such a nuisance as anything "offensive to the senses" or that interferes with the comfort of a neighbourhood.
He removed the noose and toppled the snowman after he talked with officers.
He told KXLY-TV of Spokane he sees nothing wrong with the snowman. But other people did.
"It's such a message of hate," said Amber Caldwell, who saw the snowman while visiting her cousin in the neighbourhood. "My kids asked me about it, and I had to explain what that symbol means."
Mr Eliseuson has angered neighbours in the past by flying Aryan Nations flags at his home. At Halloween he passed out bullet casings after he said he ran out of lollies.
Locals stunned at what hunters discovered on private land in the foothills of the Bighorn Mountains of Wyoming. Part of it resembled a mini Grand Canyon.
Hunters on a private ranch in the Bighorn Mountains of Wyoming stumbled upon an incredible and mysterious scene: a massive crack in the earth that in some places resembles a mini Grand Canyon.
SNS Outfitter & Guides first reported the anomaly on its Facebook page on Friday, saying it "appeared in the last two weeks on a ranch we hunt in the Bighorn Mountains. Everyone here is calling it 'the gash.' It's a really incredible sight."
With no earthquakes reported in the area, locals were stunned and at a loss to explain the shift of soil and rocks that left the gaping crack estimated to be 750 yards long by 50 yards wide.
The opening is said to be located 10 miles south of Tensleep, Wyoming, in the foothills of the Bighorn Mountains.
Randy Becker of Casper, Wyoming, was hunting in the area over the weekend and shot and shared amazing photos of the scene, which he called "an awesome example of how our earth is not as stable as you might think. Awesome forces at work here to move this much dirt!!"
SNS Outfitter & Guides followed up on Monday with this brief explanation:
"An engineer from Riverton, WY came out to shed a little light on this giant crack in the earth. Apparently, a wet spring lubricated across a cap rock. Then, a small spring on either side caused the bottom to slide out."
A cap rock is described as a harder or more resistant rock type overlying a weaker or less resistant rock type. So what does that mean?
Seth Wittke, geological manager with the Wyoming Geological Survey in Laramie, explained the event in the Bighorn Mountains as simply a landslide.
"Without getting out there and looking at it, I can't be positive, but from what I've seen on the Internet it looks like a slow-moving landslide," Wittke told GrindTV in a phone interview.
Regarding the engineer's explanation about a spring and lubrication, Wittke said, "A lot of landslides are caused by subsurface lubrication by ground moisture or water and things like that, or in this case, a spring."
Wittke described it as a "fairly small event given the overall aspect of how big landslides can be" and said such an occurrence in the fall in Wyoming is "probably rarer" than it happening in the spring when you'd expect more moisture.
"But they do happen year round, so it's not out of the ordinary," Wittke said.
Nevertheless, to the general public, it's an astonishing event.
So, could the gaping hole continue to grow?
"Yeah, as long as there's room for it to move it could keep moving," Wittke said.
More from GrindTV
Sea level rising to cost national parks $40 billion
Catching up with Conrad Anker, the man behind 'Meru'
The 6 best surf cities on the planet
Overview (4)
Mini Bio (1)
Leslie William Nielsen was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, and raised in Tulita (formerly Fort Norman), Northwest Territories. His mother, Mabel Elizabeth (Davies), was Welsh. His father, Ingvard Eversen Nielsen, was a Danish-born Mountie and a strict disciplinarian. Leslie studied at the Academy of Radio Arts in Toronto before moving on to New York's Neighborhood Playhouse. His acting career started at a much earlier age when he was forced to lie to his father in order to avoid severe punishment. Leslie starred in over fifty films and many more television films. One of his two brothers became the Deputy Prime Minister of Canada. On October 10, 2002, he was appointed Officer of the Order of Canada (OC) in recognition of his contributions to the film and television industries. On November 28, 2010, Leslie Nielsen died at age 84 of pneumonia and was buried at Evergreen Cemetery in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
- IMDb Mini Biography By: Greg Hardy
Spouse (4)
trademark (9)
Delivering sophomoric punchlines with a deadpan expression
"Whoopee cushion" gags
Appearing oblivious to everything that's happening around him
Misinterprets what other people say. For example, in The Naked Gun, a character offers him a cigar and says, "Cuban?" Leslie's character replies with "Err, no. Dutch Irish. My father was from Wales."
Deep commanding voice
Grey hair and blue eyes
His characters are often deeply stupid but still get praised as intelligent by others in the film
Frequently worked with Jim Abrahams and the Zucker Brothers
Known for playing comedic roles in his latter career.
Trivia (28)
Older brother was a high-ranking Canadian politician. Erik Nielsen was a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament (1957-87) for the Yukon Territory. He served as Leader of the Opposition (1983) and later rose to become the Deputy Prime Minister of Canada (1984-86). He died from a massive heart attack on September 4, 2008 in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.
His father was Danish and his mother was Welsh.
While in Winnipeg, Canada, to promote their movie Men with Brooms (2002), he and co-star Paul Gross received Honorary Citizenships from Winnipeg Mayor Glen Murray at the Granite Curling Club.
Became a naturalized United States citizen on November 16, 1958.
Attended and graduated from Victoria Composite High School in Edmonton, Alberta.
Had one half-brother: Gilbert Nielsen who currently resides in Hobbs, New Mexico.
Was made an "Honorary West Virginian and Ambassador of Mountain State Goodwill" on February 20, 2002, by then-Secretary of State of West Virginia Joe Manchin III , now junior United States Senator for West Virginia (elected 2010) after having served as West Virginia Governor since 2004.
In fall 2003, the Grant MacEwan College in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada opened the Leslie Nielsen School of Communications, with the actor on hand for the ceremony.
He was awarded the OC (Officer of the Order of Canada) by the Governor General of Canada on October 10, 2002 for his services to entertainment.
At age 17, he enlisted in the Royal Canadian Air Force and trained as an aerial gunner.
Auditioned for the role of Messala in Ben-Hur (1959), which went to Stephen Boyd
His father, Ingvard Nielsen , was a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer for Northwest Territory and Saskatchewan.
He was awarded a Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6541 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood, California on December 9, 1988.
May have been the first "Trekkie". According to Star Trek (1966) story editor and screenwriter D.C. Fontana , Nielsen called the production office the morning after the first episode and offered high praise. Star Trek was partially inspired by Nielsen's classic Forbidden Planet (1956).
Director/producer Wendy Dent presented Leslie Nielsen with the final award of his career, a Lifetime Achievement Award, at the star-studded 2005 Palm Beach International Film Festival Gala at the ritzy Boca Raton Resort. The black-tie affair was attended also by Woody Harrelson Salma Hayek and tennis stars Venus Williams and Serena Williams , but Nielsen was the talk of the night, accepting the award from Wendy Dent with a gentlemanly flirtatiousness, after he first walked the red carpet armed with a flatulence-maker in his tuxedo pocket.
He was awarded a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars in Palm Springs, California on December 4, 1997.
He was awarded a star on Canada's Walk of Fame in Toronto, Ontario in 2001.
Leslie Nielsen passed away only eight months after his Airplane! (1980) co-star, Peter Graves (who was also only a month younger than him).
Following his death, he was interred at Evergreen Cemetery in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As a final piece of humor, he chose "Let 'er rip" as his epitaph.
Never appeared in a film nominated for Best Picture Academy Award.
Personal Quotes (11)
Doing nothing is very hard to do... you never know when you're finished.
The reason they call it 'golf' is that all the other four-letter words were used up.
[on the part of his career when he played almost exclusively villains] The best part is always the heavy. And the meaner and crueler and the worse you are, the more vicious you are as the heavy, the better the hero looks when he whips you. So the heavy is liable to be a very dramatic, fine acting part. I told my agent at that time, "I want to play heavies who are really vicious and cruel and terrible. I want them to know that they're terrible and I want them to enjoy it.".
[on his wrestling a "wild grizzly bear" (it was actually a docile honey bear) in Day of the Animals (1977)] I had to weave and play around with a honey bear, and I could wrestle with him a little bit, but there's no way you can even wrestle a honey bear, let alone a grizzly bear that's standing ten feet to eleven feet tall! Can you imagine? But it was fascinating to work that close to that kind of animal.
When people are laughing, they don't beat up on you. You're secure and safe. It's when they stop laughing that it's dangerous.
[on touring in Ireland with Robert Goulet ] That was a wonderful time. Halfway through, we were joined by a friend, a mad Armenian. We were enjoying ourselves so much, with a drink here and a drink there, what we should have done - like mountaineers - was to tie ropes around our waists, so if anybody fell, we would know.
[on using his famous "farting machine"] You have to have some body movement, some wiggling of legs and hips in rhythm with the sound of breaking wind. Actually in the north, in Fort Norman, that used to be the way we said goodnight, although, of course, then we did it naturally.
[on Lorne Greene ] The hair would stand up on my arms, his voice was so magnificent. When I met him, Lorne looked exactly the way he sounded, the patriarch. I could never have imagined him riding the range, herding the cattle, as he did in Bonanza (1959). But he became a friend who was always there, always gentle, always friendly.
[on specializing in serious roles in his early years] Actually, I always wanted to do comedy, but I never made the effort because I was a coward. I didn't have the courage. I was a closet comedian. I was too self-conscious and lacking in confidence.
[on his camaraderie with Priscilla Presley ] I remember when we first met; we were sitting across the soundstage from each other. I glanced over and happened to catch her eye, and made a face and crossed my eyes. And she did it promptly right back to me.
When I was twenty I was scared I'd be perceived as a country bumpkin . . . I found it necessary to cultivate a worldliness I really didn't possess, to protect myself against all my insecurities. People believed my act, and soon I was known as a serious actor who played serious roles . . . I spent the first four years waiting for the acting police to knock on my door, tell me I have no talent and send me back to Canada . . . I don't think I'm getting funnier, I'm getting freer. The more confident you become, the freer you are to become who you really are.
Director who created some of the most iconic bad hombres and nasty women in film says: ‘This is one election where no one can afford to wait on the sidelines'
Robert Rodriguez, the king of guerilla film-making and founder of El Rey Network, is adding his voice to the election season and urging people to vote on 8 November with a Get Out The Vote PSA, as provided exclusively to the Guardian.
“As a Latino and as a citizen, I feel it's imperative to speak up and to remind voters that this is one election where no one can afford to wait on the sidelines,” said Rodriguez. “It's up to us to write the ending to this story. It's time to stand up and let your voice be heard.”
From Antonio Banderas's Mariachi to Salma Hayek's Santanico Pandemonium in From Dusk Till Dawn, the Mexican American director has created some of the most iconic bad hombres and nasty women in film. Now, he is using this PSA to empower the Latino voice and break down the stigmas the Latino community faces.
This election has been particularly damaging towards the perception of Hispanics and Latinos in America, mainly due to pessimistic comments by Donald Trump. From calling Mexicans rapists to his absurd tweet on Taco bowls for Cinco De Mayo there hasn't been a shortage of insults hurled at the Latino community. Hillary Clinton's message of support to the Latino community is a stark contrast. “You are not intruders. You are our neighbors, our colleagues, our friends, our families. You make our nation stronger, smarter more creative,” Clinton said at the League of United Latin American Citizens conference earlier this year.
This is not Rodriguez's first call of action during the elections. In 2012 he also shot a PSA called We Are All Americans: Protect Your Voice, Prepare To Vote. He joins a number of A-list celebrities who have been galvanizing people to vote. From Joss Whedon and the Avengers cast's Save The Day videos, featuring Robert Downey Jr offering a naked Mark Ruffalo to encourage voting, to Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus visiting college dorm rooms, the entertainment industry has been promoting the importance of this year's election.
Here's the Hidden Message in Every Marvel Movie
“Avengers: Age of Ultron,” the follow-up to the third-biggest grossing film of all time, is right around the corner and Marvel fans are getting all their action figures, cosplay and collectors items ready for the second coming, while the folks at DC are retreating to their bomb shelter and hoping Iron Man doesn't hit them too hard and take their lunch money this time.
This will be the eleventh Marvel Cinematic Universe Film and the 41st film derived from Marvel Comics. At this point, Marvel is only a few nuclear weapons short of a global superpower, so it naturally provokes one to wonder what it all means — not in the sense of trying to figure out the meaning of a divine punishment in which one is bombarded by endless movies about men in spandex but, rather, to sort out the meaning of the movies themselves.
What is Marvel's message to man-children around the world? What are its ideological and rhetorical goals? At face value, the intent looks to be the manufacture of faithful recreations of the comics for the sole purpose of thoughtless fun (and perhaps earning a billion dollars here and there). But after re-watching the MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe; i.e. anything made under Marvel president Kevin Feige's vigilant auspices), I noticed a strange pattern. It first became apparent in “The Avengers” when Tom Hiddleston's villainous Loki began scoffing at Scarlet Johansson's Black Widow's moral ideal of “sentiment.” This same dynamic was repeated in the recent “Guardians of the Galaxy” when Michael Rooker's Yondu, a criminal, scolds the main character for indulging in altruistic “sentiment” for wanting to save the galaxy.
In “Thor: The Dark World,” Christopher Eccleston's Malekith wants to create a new order in the universe by introducing eternal darkness and Thor needs to stop him to preserve Odin's pre-established regime. When
Ben Kingsley's Mandarin threatens to destabilize America, Iron Man fights to keep the United States strong. Loki and HYDRA strive for a New World Order that the Avengers must thwart to keep things the way
they are. Thanos and Ronan the Accuser seek to wipe out the Nova Corps for their war crimes, but the Guardians of the Galaxy must fight the good fight to keep the the Galaxy under Nova Corps protection.
Most blatantly of all, Captain America outright destroys the modern intelligence community because the morally gray concept of post-9/11 surveillance doesn't compute with his old-school, World War II-era views.
In almost every film, change is depicted as a sinister force that threatens to undermine a noble, pre-existing establishment. Simply put, Marvel has old-fashioned systems that are depicted as correct, proven goods, while change is presented as a vile, disruptive (and sometimes Swastika-bearing) evil.
So what does this mean? Is Marvel covertly injecting the world's youth with conservative themes? Just because the original comics themselves were never intended to carry overt political messages other than the ultimate supremacy of good over evil, does this mean that the films carry no additional ideological baggage?
If the movies do have a hidden meaning, it less addresses politics than it does an attitude toward the comics themselves and how they should be treated.
In the world of comic books, change is by far the most horrifying threat. Comic book writers have long striven to maintain a certain chronological limbo for their characters. Spider-Man is to be perpetually a young web slinger, an eternally young Batman and Joker are to maintain the same undying rivalry, Superman must always face down Lex Luthor, freshly out of jail and devising nefarious schemes.
If a character dies, a new continuity is created that negates it. If someone's secret identity is revealed, a new storyline soon erases its consequences. In fact, comic book writers at both Marvel and DC have gone to great lengths in the past to preserve their beloved limbo. Marvel's Ultimate Universe and DC's New 52 operations have effectively clean-slated their own cannons to keep their continuities from becoming too complex
to…well, not change.
When a choice is made that actually entails change, fanboy outrage is sure to follow. When Batman retired, or Supergirl got killed, or when Robin became a woman, the community took up arms. The same goes for the movies. At DC, when the mild-mannered and humorless Mr. Freeze was depicted as a muscle-bound, pun-touting Arnold Schwarzenegger, nerds rallied in their united displeasure. Even worse were the reactions when Superman broke his no-kill rule in “Man of Steel,” when Bane wasn't Hispanic in “The Dark Knight Rises,” and when Parallax was turned into a globular motion-capture pudding in “Green Lantern.”
Marvel itself has felt this fury when it completely altered the character of the Mandarin for “Iron Man 3.” The original character was actually an insulting Chinese stereotype equipped with magic rings and a personality defined exclusively by a megalomania befitting a descendent of Genghis Khan. Marvel decided that racist caricatures were not the way to go and instead experimented with an Osama bin Jong-Il-type terrorist figurehead. Despite the fact that retaining the source material's wincingly outdated approach was out of the question, fanboy zealots took up their torches and pitchforks.
When it comes arch-conservatism, then, it would seem that ground zero would be occupied by the comics' most ardent fans themselves; any changes the filmmakers might make to the sacred texts or the nature of
the original characters are viewed in a negative range stretching from pre-release suspicion to reflexive fury. Changes made to the characters and the context for their heroics are seen as villainous revisionism, and like Loki, Malekith, Thanos or the Mandarin, a force of evil that threatens the world order. These changes are to be prevented at all costs by the heroes who are, after all, noble preservers of the status quo.
Perhaps what is most telling about the “Avengers: Age of Ultron” trailers is that the villain, the conscious automaton Ultron who has plagued the Avengers in the comics perhaps more than any other villain, says to the Avengers that they “want to protect the world but don't want it to change.” It seems clear that the Marvel movies' creators are acutely alert to these themes, with the result being that the Marvel films, like the mad robot Ultron himself, have become exceedingly self-aware.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
A 22-year-old Canadian woman from Montreal is in the custody of Kurdish forces in Syria, along with her two-year-old daughter and newborn baby girl, after having fled a Daesh-controlled region of Syria. She is being held by members of the Syrian Democratic Forces, a predominantly Kurdish and Arab force allied with Western governments fighting Daesh in the areas the group once held as part of its self-declared Islamic State.
A Syrian Democratic Forces fighter walks through the destroyed streets of Raqqa, Syria, in an Oct. 12 file photo. A 22-year-old Canadian woman who had spent time in Raqqa surrendered herself to coalition forces last month. ( IVOR PRICKETT / NYT )
Officials with Global Affairs Canada are in contact with senior members of the coalition group. The woman, a Canadian citizen who surrendered to coalition forces last month, left Montreal for Syria with another teenage girl in November 2014, without telling her family or closest friends. It is believed the two took a common route for the thousands of Westerners who joined Daesh, also known as ISIS and ISIL, flying first to Istanbul, Turkey, and then travelling south into Syria. The woman's mother, who has tried for three years to get her daughter home, said her daughter called crying soon after arriving, saying the situation was not what she expected and that she was being closely monitored. “Everything is under surveillance. Everything is dangerous here,” the woman's mother said about the panicked call. “We are watched. It's not safe. I'm so sorry, mama. I'm so sorry.”
Article Continued Below
Her mother, whom the Star agreed not to identify, has been in sporadic contact with her daughter throughout the three years she has been gone and speaks regularly with both the RCMP and Canada's spy service, CSIS. Toronto lawyer Nader Hasan has also been in contact with the security services on the mother's behalf. “We have been working with Canadian authorities for months to find a way to get her out of Daesh territory and into Canadian custody,” Hasan said in an interview with the Star. “She was able to escape from Daesh territory — despite being eight and a half months pregnant — with the help of coalition allies. We understand she's in Kurdish custody as she awaits transfer to Canadian authorities.” “The RCMP has not indicated one way or another whether she'll be charged with a criminal offence. That said … we believe she is a victim and can be seen no other way,” Hasan said. The Quebec teenager left for Syria soon after she turned 19. Months later she was married to a German citizen, a convert to Islam. By February 2015, she was pregnant.
In December 2015, the Star's Allan Woods reached out to the woman on Facebook but got a reply from the husband, who went by the name Abu Saleheddin. “Im the husband, what do you want?” he wrote. They were in Iraq at the time, where Canada was part of the coalition fighting Daesh. “The situation with fighter jets is still the same, few days ago they bombed a building with womans and children,” the husband wrote.
Article Continued Below
The exact route of the Canadian woman's travel is unclear. She is believed to be in custody in the town of Al Hasakah, where she gave birth on Nov. 15. Canadian foreign affairs officials are working on getting travel documents for the women and her infant daughters. “We are aware of the case and in contact with the family and offering consular assistance,” MP Omar Alghabra, parliamentary secretary responsible for Canadians held abroad, told the Star.
People flee the fighting between Iraqi security forces and Daesh militants in Mosul, Iraq, in a March 7 file photo. ( IVOR PRICKETT/NYT )
Women have been involved in terrorism throughout history, but Daesh has ushered in a new era of female participation. The group's propaganda focused on the need for women to help create a new world order, promising an ideal life, blending passages of the Qur'an with images of kittens and winking emojis. Only a small group of armed women in Raqqa, known as the Al-Khansaa Brigade, were considered Daesh enforcers — imposing the group's strict code. Canada's 2016 Public Safety report noted: “It is often unclear which roles women who travel to Syria perform. The most commonly held assumption is that women travel abroad to marry terrorists, but the reasons for travel and eventual roles vary. Some may occupy secondary roles within terrorist groups, while in other cases they appear to be training and taking part in combat. Some women have also facilitated the travel of others.” Hicham Tiflati, a Montreal researcher who has spent years studying questions of identity among Muslims youths and radicalism, said with the exception of Al-Khansaa, the role of women was largely “restricted to staying at home, raising children, and supporting their husbands.” “To my knowledge, she was a stay-at-home mother that was looking after her daughter and did not have an active role in the organization,” said Tiflati, who knows the young woman's mother. In a high-profile October 2014 case, three Toronto girls aged between 15 and 18 were intercepted by Turkish authorities at the behest of Canada and sent back home after leaving for Syria. The girls' parents had alerted police after discovering their plan. The girls could have been charged with leaving to join a terrorist group, but instead agreed to speak with authorities and provide what intelligence they could about the recruitment of Western members. Community leaders and those within the security services who have advocated for measures beyond criminal sanctions hailed the case as a positive example of co-operation. Little is known about Canadian cases of “returnees,” although reportedly more than 60 have returned in recent years from conflicts in Somalia, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, Iraq and elsewhere. Terrorism analysts and security sources say only a few are known to have returned from Daesh-held territory. Governments worldwide have been grappling with how to handle those returning from Daesh's defeat in Syria and Iraq. The Liberal government highlighted this issue soon after taking power, but despite pledges to create a community outreach and counter-radicalization office, little has been done. Two years after announcing funding for the initiative, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale has yet to name a coordinator. The foreign fighter issue was back in the news recently after Rory Stewart, the U.K.'s minister of international development, said the British government may be forced to kill its citizens who had joined the group. “I'm afraid we have to be serious about the fact these people are a serious danger to us, and unfortunately the only way of dealing with them will be, in almost every case, to kill them,” he told BBC Radio. Officials from the U.S. and France have also been quoted as saying those who went to Syria should die in Syria. In response, Goodale told the CBC, “Canada does not engage in death squads.” Earlier this month at the Halifax International Security Forum, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan stated: “We will make sure that we put every type of resource into place so Canadians are well protected.” Michelle Shephard is the Star's National Security correspondent. Follow her @shephardm.
Read more about:
The long-blighted city of Newark, New Jersey, is undergoing its biggest economic growth period since the 1950s.
Indeed, in mid-September, the city opened its first new office tower in 20 years: the new North American headquarters of electronic giant Panasonic. And a week later, Teachers Village, a $150 million housing, retail and education complex, opened its first two buildings.
Those two projects are just a sign of things to come. More than a third of the state's new economic development is taking place in Newark, including a long-anticipated Whole Foods supermarket, a 23-story residential tower backed by basketball legend Shaquille O'Neal, and a new Marriott hotel.
Ron Shapiro, the head of Rutgers University's Center for Real Estate Studies, said Newark's turnaround can be largely attributed to a few investors who've taken a risk on the city and paved the way for others.
“I think people were waiting on the sidelines, waiting for someone to lead them through the maze,” said Shapiro, who was also a former executive at several banks, including Union Center National Bank and Wells Fargo.
Penciling out Newark
The groundwork for Teachers Village started in 2005, when developer Ron Beit's RBH Group partnered with billionaires Warren Lichtenstein and Nicolas Berggruen, in addition to other investors, to buy a cluster of parcels in a distressed commercial district across from Newark City Hall.
The investors sat on those properties — burned-out storefronts, bankrupt land and parking lots — for two years before approaching lenders and government officials in late 2007.
“We always knew it was going to be difficult,” Beit told The Real Deal last month at his Newark construction trailer. “We never knew when we would be able to get buildings out of the ground.”
However, the investors found a willing lender in Goldman Sachs and shaped a project with an education theme. The complex will ultimately include three charter schools, 65,000 square feet of retail, and 205 residential units targeted largely toward teachers.
Newark officials are banking on the Richard Meier-designed project to turn the area into a 24/7 destination. The transformation started in 2007, when the $375 million Prudential Center — home to the New Jersey Devils NHL team and the New York Liberty, the WNBA team — opened.
However, in recent months, new developments have been popping up on an almost weekly basis. Experts attribute the growth to two factors: first, increased demand for urban development; and second, economic incentives from the city, state and federal government.
Mayor Cory Booker — who in October was elected to the U.S. Senate and was replaced by an interim mayor who is serving until a May 2014 election is held — aggressively courted businesses when he was in office. He claims to have brought in $1 billion in economic development so far, with an additional $2 billion in the pipeline. The former mayor worked closely with Gov. Chris Christie, a Newark native, who has argued that the economic growth of Newark, the biggest city in New Jersey, is good for the state overall.
For Scott O'Neil, the president of Devils Arena Entertainment, the sudden interest from developers in the area around the Prudential Center comes as no surprise — and is no coincidence.
“The state of New Jersey has clearly made development in Newark a priority,” he said.
In September, for example, Christie signed a bill to streamline the state's five economic incentive programs to retain and lure companies to targeted communities, including Newark.
A company relocating to Newark might qualify for up to $15,000 in tax credits per job, per year, for up to a decade, Timothy Lizura, president and CEO of the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, told TRD.
Goldman Sachs — through its Urban Investment Group arm — is one of the lenders that has bet on the city. Goldman's willingness to risk its capital there has, in turn, led other, more jittery, lenders and investors to do the same.
The bank “believes Newark has incredible fundamentals,” Goldman's Margaret Anadu told TRD.
“We're double bottom-line investors, so we're looking to create demonstrable social impact in everything we do,” said Anadu, the vice president of Goldman's Urban Investment Group.
Given the city's long history of economic struggles, however, most projects require public subsidies to pencil out.
“In many instances, [new projects] need some type of subsidy to make the numbers work,” said Adam Zipkin, a Newark deputy mayor, who also headed economic development under Booker.
For example, Teachers Village received roughly $49 million in tax credits and $33 million in loans, bonds and grants from a host of sources, largely because the market-rate office and retail rents do not meet normal underwriting standards. (According to Jones Lang LaSalle, in the third quarter, the average asking rents in Newark were $24.53 overall and $33.73 for Class A space. By comparison, the average asking rents in Manhattan in October were $59.25 overall and $62.91 for Class A space, according to Colliers International.)
Panasonic, meanwhile, received a $100-million-plus tax credit to stay in New Jersey. Its co-developer, New Jersey-based SJP Properties, said the incentives were critical to financing the development.
“Construction costs are so high today, that without some type of incentive, the cost of new construction [could not] be justified,” said Jeff Schotz, SJP's executive vice president of leasing and marketing.
Today, Panasonic is moving more than 800 employees from Secaucus — and Newark is using the deal as a way to market the city to new investors.
Meanwhile, Manhattan-based L&M Development is teaming up with Newark-based Hanini Group on a $120 million renovation of the landmark Hahne & Co. department store at 609 Broad Street. Built in 1901, the 400,000-square-foot building is being converted into a mixed-use complex. Whole Foods will anchor the site, which includes another 80,000 square feet of office and community space and 180 (market-rate and affordable) loft-style rental apartments.
And in one of Newark's more controversial deals, Prudential Financial was awarded $211 million in state tax credits to develop a new $444 million, 20-story office tower.
However, the owner of the city's nearby four-building Gateway Center office complex, where Prudential currently has space, sued to block the 787,000-square-foot office-and-retail development.
Lawyers for two of the Gateway landlords — Manhattan-based C&K Properties and Tahl Propp — have argued that moving thousands of employees out of Gateway to the new complex would flood the market with over 900,000 square feet of vacant space and undermine Gateway rents.
“The state is supposed to look at the net benefit of creating a tax incentive,” said attorney Paul Josephson, who represents the landlords, which own three of the four buildings. “The result would be that much supply coming onto the market all at once.”
Prudential officials, who settled with a third Gateway landlord, declined to comment on the new office tower. But they noted that incentive programs are necessary to help drive new development in the city. “Like many urban markets there's a significant amount of complexity to doing business here,” said Ommeed Sathe, Prudential's vice president and head of social investments.
Uncle Sam's helping hand
Since 2010, the New Jersey EDA has provided more than $525 million in tax credits and grants to spur more than $749 million in projects, including Teachers Village, Panasonic's headquarters, the Shaquille O'Neal project, a Courtyard by Marriott hotel, a 125,000-square-foot retail-and-residential project from Tucker Development, and a 106-room Hotel Indigo, which is being co-developed by InterContinental and Hanini.
In addition to the state incentives, New Market federal tax credits, which are available to low-income communities, are helping close the financing gap for real estate projects.
For example, Biotrial, a French pharmaceutical research firm, is getting a 20 percent federal tax credit to help finance its $25 million, 70,000-square-foot North American headquarters in Newark's University Heights Science Park, which is set to open in 2014. (Another 20 percent is coming from state and local subsidies.)
Scott Singer, executive vice president at Manhattan-based financial broker Singer & Bassuk, said the government incentives and gap financing are finally allowing Newark, which has been economically blighted for 40 years, to reach its full potential again.
“People that go to Newark now with their eyes wide open, and walk the areas that have started to be transformed by these developments, see it's readily apparent that the city has dramatically changed.”
Anonymous' "Op Ferguson" Says It Will ID the Officer Who Killed Michael Brown
The hacktivists have also been going after the city's computer systems.By Josh Harkinson| Wed Aug. 13, 2014 11:38 AM EDTUpdate (4:12 p.m. ET): Anonymous has obtained and posted St. Louis police dispatch tapes from the day of the shooting.The police chief of Ferguson, Missouri, says he is withholding the name of the officer who shot Michael Brown, an unarmed African American teenager, out of concern for the safety of the officer and his family. But that might be easier said than done. Just a few hours later, the hacktivist group Anonymous announced on Twitter that it was now "making a final confirmation on the name of Mike Brown's murderer," adding: "It will be released the moment we receive it.""Our source is very close personally to the officer who killed Mike Brown and terrified to be our source."I traded emails last night with one of the half-dozen core Anonymous members working on Operation Ferguson, as the group's effort to pressure and shame the local police department is known. They were still working to verify the identity of the shooter. "I can only tell you that our source is very close personally to the officer who killed Mike Brown, and that this person is terrified to be our source," said the anon, whom I will call Fawkes. He added that the source "reached out to us, we did not seek out this person."The claim to have outed the Ferguson shooter comes only two days after Anonymous announced the launch of Operation Ferguson in this video:The computer-generated voice, graphics, and hacking threats are trademark Anonymous, but one aspect is unusual: a demand for federal legislation "that will set strict national standards for police misconduct and misbehavior." Though Anonymous has a strong anarchist strain that disdains politics, Fawkes told me that the idea wasn't controversial within the group. "We have done a few of these 'justice ops' and it seems there needs to be a larger solution to the problem on a nationwide level," he told me. "There was no debateeveryone on the team embraced the idea."cops in FergusonFerguson is 60 percent black. Virtually all its cops are white. Read more stats It has been a busy few days for Operation Ferguson. The hackers shut down the city's website for a few hours on Sunday night and Tuesday morning, posted the home address and number of St. Louis County police chief Jon Belmar, and dropped an email bomb that crammed city and police inboxes with junk messages. The goal was "to get journalists like you to do interviews with us, and incidentally maybe talk about the issue at hand in the process," Fawkes told me. "Looks like it worked."In previous "justice ops," Anonymous hackers have targeted the San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) system to protest the Charles Hill and Oscar Grant shootings and the transit system's attempt to dampen protests by shutting down cellphone signals. Other Anonymous ops have uncovered criminal evidence or the names of suspects. "It's actually back to the classics," said McGill University cultural anthropologist Gabriella Coleman, author of the forthcoming book Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy: The Many Faces of Anonymous, whom I met last night in a chatroom where hackers were plotting their next moves. She added that "a lot of old-school folks came back for this," though they've been careful to avoid the attention of law enforcement and other anons by using fresh pseudonyms.The police "can look after themselves," Fawkes says. "This is psychological and information warfare, not a love fest."But the veterans' participation hasn't stopped Op Ferguson from seeming unhinged at times. On Tuesday afternoon, one Anonymous Twitter account threatened to release information about the police chief's daughter unless he disclosed the name of the officer who'd killed Brown. (The threat was later withdrawn.) And the op's Twitter account repeated a bogus internet rumor attributing a screenshot of a racist Facebook tirade to Belmar's wifethe tweet has since been deleted."We are not exactly known for being 'responsible,' nor for worrying overly much about the safety of cops," Fawkes told me. "After all, they have vests and assault weapons. I think they can look after themselves. This is psychological and information warfare, not a love fest."Half outlaw, half idealist, Anonymous has always operated at the margins of legitimacy, its tactics ranging from gumshoe detective work to illegal hacking and shameless PR stunts. It's hard to know whether its current claim to have ID'd Brown's killer will be borne out. "I don't think they have it," Coleman told me. But, she added: "I would not be surprised if they do soon."
An official comment on the legal status of cryptocurrencies has been issued as a formal letter circulated by the fiscal authority.
According to the document, trading operations with bitcoin and other unofficial digital currencies are regarded by the law as foreign currency transactions, which do not require financial reporting in any form.
The head of Russian Blockchain.community and legal consultant for Deloitte Artem Tolkachev summarised the position of the Federal Tax Service:
the law of the Russian Federation does not contain definitions of surrogate money, cryptocurrency or virtual currency;
there is no legal prohibition of transactions using cryptocurrencies for Russian citizens and organisations;
using cryptocurrencies in transactions may constitute grounds for regarding such transactions as means of money laundering and financing of terrorism;
according to the Tax Service, buying or selling cryptocurrencies with the use of foreign or domestic currencies and securities are defined as foreign currency transactions;
the existing currency control system does not oblige residents and non-residents to report cryptocurrency transactions to currency control authorities.
In a short comment to CoinFox regarding the document, Tolkachev noticed:
“The main thing to know is that there is no ban on [cryptocurrency] operations in Russia. The Ministry of Finance's draft laws of that kind has been put on the back burner. They will probably start developing new regulations.”
In its previous comment to the media regarding the legal status of bitcoin published in August, the Tax Service already classified it as foreign currency and stated that if bitcoin transactions are accomplished with the help of a foreign bank account, they should be reported to Russian tax authorities. However, the statement did not cover many aspects of cryptocurrency circulation in the country.
A version of this story appears in the latest issue of Entertainment Weekly, on stands now, or available here. Don't forget to subscribe for exclusive interviews and photos, only in EW.
When EW recently caught up with Pearl Mackie, she had just one more day of shooting left on the new season of Doctor Who, the first to feature her companion, Bill Potts.
“I think everything surprised me,” said the actress, laughing while recalling her first year working on the beloved time travel show, which stars Peter Capaldi as the titular Time Lord. “This is basically my first TV job. So, after day one on Doctor Who, I'd pretty much lapped the amount of time that I'd ever spent on a film set ever. And obviously that's not even talking about the content of the days, and how mad it is working with monsters, and working with CGI, and working on such an important show. Everything about it is surprising because the nature of the series is so epic and brilliant.”
One thing that surprised many people was the announcement last month that Bill is the show's first gay companion, although Mackie says her character's sexuality is really not that big a deal. “I was like, ‘Yeah, okay, cool,'” says the actress, describing her reaction to being informed she would be playing a gay character. “I mean, there are so many elements to Bill, there's so much to dive into as an actor, that her sexuality is quite far down the list of things that I've thought about. For me, I think representation is really important. You know, it's 2017, so it's about time for a gay main companion, really.”
RELATED: The 25 Best TV Characters in the Past 25 Years
Season 10's two-part finale is written by executive producer Steven Moffat and directed by Rachel Talalay, whose credits include Tank Girl and Sherlock and who has been responsible for overseeing some of the most acclaimed Doctor Who is a adventures in recent times, including 2015's Capaldi showcase, “Heaven Sent.” “She's absolutely fantastic,” says Mackie. “She really gets into the nitty gritty of the text, and the meaning, and the emotions of the scene, which is wonderful for the finale. She's been absolutely incredible.”
Mackie is coy about her future on the show. With both Capaldi and Moffat soon to be exiting Doctor Who, there are rumors that Mackie's first season on the show may also be her last. “Um, well, you'll just have to wait and see if Bill comes back!” she says.
Watch a Mackie-featuring trailer above. The new season of Doctor Who premieres on BBC America Saturday at 9 p.m. ET.
Scott Baio, former TV sitcom star and fan of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, recently tried to make an employee at Starbucks say "Trump" by giving his name as "Trump" during a coffee order for his wife.
Baio tweeted a picture of the cup April 2 with this caption: "Got wife a coffee(I've never had a cup)The barista refused to call out name. @realDonaldTrump #MustBeABernieVoter."
Apparently other Trump supporters were so impressed that they decided to do the same thing to Starbucks and Chipotle employees, and post the results on Twitter, notes Mediaite.com.
Baio triumphantly tweeted April 3: "Check out this! @realDonaldTrump I've started the 'give the Trump name' #TrumpMovement."
In addition to promoting the Republican presidential candidate, Baio also mocked the science of global warming on Twitter April 3: "Dear Global Warming, Funny, I spent 4 days in Palm Desert playing golf, getting a tan while looking at the snow on the mountains."
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Baio also appeared on Fox News April 3, where he lamented the erosion of values in America:
It's so easy. Do what you say you're going to do, stand up for conservative principles, fight for them. Go after people for them. I mean, this is the country that we grew up in. Now, there are certain traditions that I hold dear and certain values that I cherish and they're just being eroded every day. And it seems like their lives are fine in Washington and I got a lot of friends of mine, who are not in the entertainment business who are hurting a little bit and don't understand why the erosion of traditional values in this country just happens second by second and nobody seems to care. And the Republican Party, and forget policy, policy is a whole other issue. "We're gonna stop Obamacare." They fund it. "We're gonna stop the executive amnesty." And they give it money. And so, to get me back, you gotta be a man and do what you say you're gonna do.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Jezebel reported in 2010 when Baio went on Twitter and slammed Lady Ga Ga, mocked First Lady Michelle Obama, was accused of being racist, insisted that he knew black people and could not be racist, and then attacked Jezebel for reporting on his tweets.
Sources: Mediaite.com, Fox News via Twitter, Jezebel / Photo credit: Scott Baio/Twitter
Chief executive of think tank Institute for Democracy and Economic Affairs Wan Saiful Wan Jan has accused the Perak Islamic religious office of allegedly violating his privacy with the early morning check of the hotel room he was occupying with his mum. — Picture by Siow Feng Saw
KUALA LUMPUR, Dec 25 — It was the nightmare before Christmas for Muslim Wan Saiful Wan Jan, who claimed to have been rudely woken up at 3.20am yesterday by a group of Islamic religious officers on an “inspection” of a hotel in Parit Buntar, Perak.
The chief executive of think tank Institute for Democracy and Economic Affairs accused the district Islamic religious office of allegedly violating his privacy in the early morning check of the room he shared with his mother, by a group of six to seven male officers.
“I think it's really unfair, this kind of moral policing,” he told Malay Mail Online when contacted today.
According to Wan Saiful, he was woken up upon hearing a “loud knock” on his room door in the wee hours of the morning, which he described as “quite intimidating” for someone out of town, and was met by a man who flashed a card identifying him as an officer from the Islamic religious before insisting on entering his room.
Wan Saiful said he had tried to reason with the men as his mother was sleeping in the room, recounting his explanations: “My mother is elderly, she's asleep, she's tired, she's had a long journey yesterday”.
“But they insisted on coming in because it's pemeriksaan,” he said, using the Malay word meaning inspection.
He added that the men entered his hotel room and left, after looking it over.
Wan Saiful stressed that the purported officers had “no warrant”, saying: “All they had was a card which can be made in any shop on the streets.”
“There was really no way of finding out (their identity), they were standing there, with the body language of ‘I'm coming in whether you like it or not',” he said.
He admitted to being initially worried for his safety and his mother's safety, saying that the men who were all wearing jackets that appear to be a uniform, however, managed to convince him that they were from the religious authority.
His concerns were then turned to avoiding a scene and disturbing other hotel guests, as well as waking up his mother, saying he did not dare to deny the men entry into his room.
“I don't want to create a scene, I don't want to create trouble, I don't want to be accused of preventing them from doing their job,” he said, fearing that he would be accused or prosecuted for not cooperating.
“You can't just come barging in. It's not Islamic as well. She usually wears a tudung (Islamic headgear) and they know she was asleep,” he said, saying that his mother was not wearing any headgear during the raid.
Wan Saiful said he believed the religious enforcers were from the local religious authority, with a check with hotel staff this morning revealing that the group of men had visited three rooms with the room number ending with “8”, including his room — “308”.
When asked if he would be lodging a police report over the religious raid without a warrant, Wan Saiful said that he did not intend to turn this into a big issue, but merely wanted other Malaysians to be aware of their rights to privacy.
“I don't think I would turn this thing into too big of an issue. My real concern is the public is aware that there may be some wrongdoing happening there and just because people come from religious department doesn't put them on the right side all the time,” he said.
“The authorities should only invade your privacy if at least they have a warrant that allows them to do so,” he added.
For now, Wan Saiful intends to write to the religious authority to voice his dissatisfaction with its officers' conduct, saying that they “owe” him an explanation for picking his room for the raid.
“I don't intend to let this off easily,” said Wan Saiful, who was in Parit Buntar the previous evening for a speaking engagement.
“I wonder if the authorities have visited five-star hotels where VIPs hang out and if they would treat the hotels the same way,” he said.
Wan Saiful said such raids have been happening in the country and risk leaving a bad impression on foreigners visiting Malaysia.
“It paints a very negative picture of Malaysia. Just imagine if it was a foreign tourist and not me, just imagine what kind of country they will see us (as),” he said, having experienced such a raid for the first time in his life.
The management of Melor Inn Hotel was unable to confirm the incident when contacted by Malay Mail Online at the time of writing due to a change in the work shift.
Malay Mail Online was also unable to reach the Islamic Religious Office of Parit Buntar as today is a national public holiday.
As I blogged before, I'm working on a Proudhon Reader. This is due for publication by AK Press next year (2010) and aims to mark the 170th anniversary of Proudhon's “What is Property?” and so the 170th anniversary of anarchism as a named socio-economic theory and movement. This is an update on how this is progressing.
My reasons for this project are sketched in the original blog posting, so I won't repeat myself. Suffice to say, communist-anarchists (like myself) will find that many, if not most, of our core ideas (self-management, federations of communes, critique of property and wage-labour, anti-statism, economic federalism, and so forth) were first expounded by the Frenchman and took up and enriched by subsequent anarchists like Bakunin and Kropotkin. This anthology should enrich our understanding of the evolution of anarchist theory as well as making Proudhon's ideas accessible for a new generation of radicals (not to mention combating the various distortions and myths inflicted on Proudhon by his enemies).
A title has been decided upon. Rather than “A Proudhon Reader” or “Proudhon on Anarchism” (which were my original thoughts), I have decided upon “Property is Theft!” with the subtitle “A Pierre-Joseph Proudhon Anthology”. This has a certain ring to it and should, I think, get people picking it up. It also stresses the legacy Proudhon has given anarchism, namely its anti-capitalism and anti-statism (as he put it in General Idea of the Revolution, anarchism is “the denial of Government and of Property”). Needless to say, there will be an introduction and I aim to summarise his ideas and their legacy, as well as refute some of the nonsense directed towards him and his ideas. I've also taken the opportunity to read Marx's “The Poverty of Philosophy” in order to contrast what Marx said Proudhon advocated and what he actually said. The Introduction will also compare and contrast his ideas with Marx (and there is a lot of overlap and Proudhon said it first!), market socialism, Keynes and such like (including the biological concept of mutualism!). Moreover, his legacy will be discussed and this will include his influence on Social and Individualist anarchism, the Paris Commune and such like.
The works will be presented in chronological order and will start with “What is Property?” and cover only those works published during his life. The only exception will be “The Political Capacity of the Working Classes” as he was working on this on his death-bed! Hopefully the introduction will cover posthumously published work, specifically his last work on property. I feel the chronological ordering is best as it shows how his ideas evolved overtime and in response to actual events as well as allowing more of the flow of his works to be presented. The selections grouped around themes used in (long out of print) “Selected Works of Pierre-Joseph Proudhon” does not do his ideas justice.
Proudhon was a prolific writer, which means that even a comprehensive reader would be just presenting a fraction of his work. His works are also full of people, facts and figures of the time, making works like “General idea of the revolution” full of material which goes not necessary add to the importance of his arguments today but were essential at the time in presenting his case for social reform. Hopefully, be removing such material (when possible) the core ideas come to the fore. I've also made translations more consistent and correct. For example, changing Proudhon's “la salariat” to wage-labour or wage-worker in John Beverly Robinson's and Benjamin
Tucker's translations (he often used “wages” which is just wrong!) and using commune rather than town in “General Idea of the Revolution.” I have indicated where changes have been made and given the original French as a guide.
Here is the contents page as it stands now.
Property is Theft! A Pierre-Joseph Proudhon Anthology
What is Property? (extracts)
Chapter I. Method Pursued In This Work. — The Idea Of A Revolution
Chapter II. Property Considered as a Natural Right
§1 Property as a Natural Right
§2 Occupation, as the Title to Property
§3 Civil Law as the Foundation and Sanction of Property
Chapter III. Labour As The Efficient Cause Of The Domain Of Property.
§1 The Land cannot be Appropriated
§2 Universal Consent no Justification of Property
§3 Prescription Gives No Title to Property
§4 Labour: That Labour Has No Inherent Power to Appropriate Natural Wealth
§5 That Labour leads to Equality of Property
Chapter IV. That property is impossible.
Chapter V. Psychological Exposition Of The Idea Of Justice
Letter to M. Blanqui (extracts)
Letter to Marx
System of Economical Contradictions: Volume I (extracts)
Chapter I: Of The Economic Science
Chapter II: Of Value
Chapter III: Economic Evolutions – First Period – The Division Of Labour
§1. Antagonistic effects of the principle of division.
§2. Impotence of palliatives [. . . ]
Chapter IV: Second Period – Machinery
§1. Of the function of machinery in its relations to liberty.
§2. Machinery's contradiction – Origin of capital and wage-labour
§3. Of preservatives against the disastrous influence of machinery.
Chapter V: Third Period – Competition
§1. Necessity of competition.
§2. Subversive effects of competition, and the destruction of liberty thereby.
§3. Remedies against competition
Chapter VI: Fourth Period – Monopoly
§1. Necessity of monopoly
§2. The disasters in labour and the perversion of ideas caused by monopoly.
Chapter VII: Fifth Period – Police, Or Taxation
System of Economical Contradictions: Volume II (extracts)
Chapter X: Seventh Period: Credit
§1. Origin and Development of the Idea of Credit
Chapter XIV: Summary and Conclusion
Solution of the Social Problem (newly translated) (extracts)
First Chapter: The Revolution in 1848
Chapter II: Democracy
Organisation of Credit and Circulation (extracts)
Programme
The Bank of Exchange
The Situation (newly translated)
How Revolutions are Lost (newly translated)
The Reaction (newly translated)
The Bamboozlement of Universal Suffrage (newly translated)
Address to the Constituent National Assembly (newly translated) (extracts)
The Malthusians
Toast to the Revolution
Election Manifesto of the People (extracts)
Gratuity of Credit (extracts)
First Letter: 19th November 1849
Second Letter: 3rd December 1849
Third Letter: 17th December 1849
Fourth Letter: 31st December 1849
Fifth Letter: 21st January 1850
Sixth Letter: 11th February 1850
The State: Its Nature, Object, and Destiny
I. Of the nature of the State.
II. Of the end or object of the State.
III. Of an ulterior destiny of the State.
Bank of the People (extracts)
Declaration
Formation of the Company
Report of the Luxembourg Delegate and Workers' Corporation Commission (newly translated)
Chapter I: The People's Bank
Chapter II: Overview of contemplated production or consumption unions
Chapter III: General Consumers' Union and its Responsibilities
Confessions of a Revolutionary (extracts)
Chapter VII: 17 March: Reaction of Louis Blanc
Chapter XI: Who am I?
General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century (extracts)
First Study: Reaction Causes Revolution
Second Study: Is there Sufficient Reason for Revolution in the Nineteenth Century?
1. Law of Tendency in Society. – The Revolution of 1789 has done only half its work.
2. Chaos of economic forces. Tendency of society toward poverty
3. Anomaly of Government. Tendency toward Tyranny and Corruption.
Third Study: The Principle of Association
Fourth Study: The Principle of Authority
Fifth Study: Social Liquidation
Sixth Study. Organisation of Economic Forces
1. Credit
2. Property
3. Division of Labour, Collective Forces, Machines, Workingmen's Associations
4. Constitution of Value. Organisation of Low Prices
5. Foreign Commerce. Balance of Imports and Exports
Seventh Study. Absorption of Government by the Economic Organism
Epilogue
The Philosophy of Progress
Foreword
First Letter: Of The Idea Of Progress
Second Letter: Of Certainty And Its Criterion
Stock Exchange Speculator's Manual (newly translated) (extracts)
Preface
Final Considerations
3. Industrial democracy: Labour-labour partnership or universal mutuality; end of the crisis
I. Workers' Associations
II. Consumers' associations
Justice In The Revolution And In The Church
Programme
§ I: The coming of the people to philosophy
§ II: The definition of philosophy
§ III: On the quality of the philosophical mind
§ IV: The origin of ideas
§ V: That metaphysics is within the province of primary instruction
§ VI: That philosophy must be essentially practical
§ VII: The character that must be presented by the guarantee of our judgments and the rule of our actions – Conversion from speculative to practical reason: determination of the criterion
§ VIII: Justice, the universal reason of things — Science and conscience
§ IX: Supremacy of Justice
§ X: Conditions for a philosophical propaganda
§ XI: Law of progress: Social destination
§ XII: A word about the situation
§ XIII: Conclusion
Letter to Workers on Elections (extracts)
The Political Capacity of the Working Classes (extracts)
Second Part: Chapter III: Disengagement of the workers' idea: The Communist System or of Luxembourg
Second Part: Chapter XV: Objections against mutualist policy. Answer. Main cause of the fall of States - Relation of the political and economic functions in the new Democracy
A. Economic Functions
B. Political Functions
Appendix: The Paris Commune
International Worker's Association: Federal Council of Parisian Sections
Declaration to the French People
The Internationale
As can be seen, the anthology is pretty comprehensive as it stands now. However, I aim to get more material translated. Here is the “wish-list” of works which I consider it essential to include (and remember this is but a fraction of Proudhon's collected works!).
Systeme des Contradictions Economiques, tombe II
Chapters: XI
Les Confessions d'un Revolutionaire
Chapters: III, VI, X, XIV, XVII, XVIII, XXI
Du Principe Federatif
First part: Chapters: VI, VII, X, XI
Third part: Chapters: IX
Conclusion
De la Capacite Politique des classes ourvrieres
2nd part: Chapters: IV, VIII, XIII
3rd part: Chapters: IV
Some of this work is in progress, but it would help immensely if more people volunteered to translate some of this. So if you wish to help enrich our understanding of the development of anarchism into the movement and theory it is today and can translate from French, I would urge you to get involved in this project. If you are interested, please contact me at anarchistfaq[at]yahoo.co.uk
I have also suggested that AK Press get all of “Les Confessions d'un Revolutionaire” fully translated and published as part of their “Working Classics” series (which includes such key works as Berkman's “What is Anarchism?” and Rocker's “Anarcho-Syndicalism”). I'm not sure whether they will or not, but it is a critical text in the development of anarchism and, of course, as an account of the first major revolution of the proletarian era (so to speak). And it was one of Bakunin's favourite works by his old friend and comrade, which surely counts for something!
Finally, I will end with a freshly translated short extract from Proudhon's “Solution of the Social Problem” from March 1848, shortly after the revolution which disposed the Bourbons from the throne and made France a Republic again. He is discussing the Red Flag (something AFAQ blog addressed recently):
“The Revolution, one cannot deny it, has been made by the red flag: the provisional Government has decided to keep the tricolour [le drapeau tricolore]. To explain this repudiation M. de Lamartine made speeches, the Nationale of dissertations. Red, they say, in the old days was the colour of royalty; red is the colour of the atrocious Bourbon, tyrant of the Deux-Siciles. Red cannot be the colour of France.
“One is not saying red is the colour of justice, the colour of sovereignty. And since all men like red, would it not mean that red is the symbol of human fraternity? To deny the red flag, the crimson! but it is the social question you are getting rid of. Every time the People, defeated by suffering, wanted to express its wishes and its complaints outside the law that kills it, it has walked under a red banner. It is true that the red flag has not gone around the world like its happy rival the tricolour. Justice, M. de Lamartine stated very well, did not go any further than the Champ-de-Mars. It is too terrible, justice, that one would not know how to hide it enough. Poor red flag. Everyone is abandoning you! Me, I embrace you; I clutch you to my chest. Salute fraternity!
“Let us keep, if you wish, the tricolour, symbol of our nationality. But remember that the red flag is the sign of a revolution that will be the last. The red flag! It is the federal standard of humankind.”
Known As The “Black Swallow Of Death” For His Courage, This Pilot Was The First African American To Fly A Fighter Plane 1
Pilot Eugene Bullard was the first African American to fly a fighter plane and was known as the “black swallow of death” for his courage during missions. He led a colorful life, much of it in Europe.
Eugene Jacques Bullard was born in Columbus, Georgia on October 9, 1895. After witnessing lynch mobs and other racial violence, Bullard left his hometown at the age of twelve destined for France and its less racially-divisive society. He stowed away on a train to Norfolk, Virginia and then on board a German ship bound for Europe. He worked odd jobs in Scotland and England, some in the underground world of gambling, before eventually arriving in Paris, France, his long-time destination. In 1914 at the age of 19 but claiming he was older, Bullard enlisted in the French Foreign Legion. He fought in at least three battles on the front but was pulled out of action after being wounded by an artillery shell. Bullard was awarded teh Croix de Guerre for heroism. On medical leave, he bragged that he could fly a fighter plane and on a bet wrangled a spot in a French flight training school.
Bullard learned to fly, joined the then small French air corps on May 5, 1917, flew twenty sorties, and quickly became known for flying into dangerous situations often with a pet monkey. When the United States formally entered World War I, many American expatriates applied for transfers to U.S. forces. Despite his flight experience, Bullard's application was denied, and the United States military further pressured France to permanently ground Bullard in order to uphold the U.S. policy against African American pilots. France succumbed, and Bullard was taken off of aviation duty.
After the war, Bullard discovered jazz, learning to play drums in Paris nightclubs and eventually owning two nightclubs of his own. He married Marcelle Straumann and had two daughters, but the marriage ended in divorce. After Germany invaded France in 1940, Bullard began working as a spy for the French Resistance and then escaped to the United States with his daughters. He established a new life in New York City, New York, again working odd jobs that included selling perfume and operating the elevator of the RCA building, home to The Today Show. In 1954, Bullard was interviewed for the show.
By this point he received recognition in France. In 1954 the French government invited Bullard to lay a wreath at the Arc de Triomphe and four years later French President Charles de Gaulle awarded him the Legion d'Honneur.
Eugene Jacques Bullard died of stomach cancer in Harlem on October 12, 1961 at the age of 66. In 1994, he was honored posthumously by the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum and the same year the U.S. Air Force posthumously promoted him to Second Lieutenant.
Sources:
Craig Lloyd, Eugene Bullard: Black Expatriate in Jazz-age Paris (Athens, GA: University of Georgia Press, 2000); P.J. Carisella, James W. Ryan, and Edward W. Brooke, The Black Swallow of Death: The Incredible Story of Eugene Jacques Bullard, The World's First Black Combat Aviator (Boston: Marlborough House, 1972); William A. Shack, Harlem in Montmartre: A Paris Jazz Story Between the Great Wars (Berkeley: University of California Press, 2001); “Eugene Bullard,” Contemporary Black Biography. Vol. 12 (Detroit: Gale, 1999).
Contributor:
Garner, Carla W.
– See more at: www.blackpast.org/aah/bullard-eugene-jacques-1894-1961##sthash.XlzoHRH3.dpuf
This Oct. 5, 2010 file photo shows a Pizza Hut restaurant in Los Angeles Tuesday, Oct. 5, 2010. (Photo11: Reed Saxon, AP)
One of three men attempting to rob a Pizza Hut in Charlotte, N.C., was fatally shot by a restaurant employee, police say.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg police detectives told The Charlotte Observer that officers responding to a call from the restaurant at 1:38 a.m. ET Sunday morning found the wounded man, who was pronounced dead at the scene.
Police said the robbery suspect's handgun was found at the scene. The other men fled and had not been captured, the newspaper reported.
Detectives said the restaurant was closed when the shooting occurred and that no customers were present. The employee fired a handgun he owned.
Calls and emails from USA TODAY to police were not immediately returned.
Pizza Hut in a statement said its local franchise was cooperating fully with police. "The security of its staff is of utmost concern," the statement said, adding that support was being provided to employees. The employee involved in the shooting was placed on a leave of absence pending "further review."
In 2010, a deliveryman from a different Charlotte Pizza Hut shot two would-be robbers to death. He told police the robbers were pistol-whipping employees inside the store's cooler when he drew his weapon and fired.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eLzJ7D
Fiat has announced it will lift the veils off the facelifted 500 city cars on July 4, the day the original 500 launched in 1957 in Turin.
The automaker promises “a great surprise” for the millions of fans from all over the world during “an unforgettable event.”
The current-generation has remained largely unchanged since its launch in 2007, which means that the changes should be consistent.
While Fiat hasn't released any information yet, a leaked presentation sheet revealed that the 2016MY 500 gets new front and rear bumpers, similar headlamps to the 500X with LED tech, revised LED taillights, a fresh assortment of colors, newly styled 15- and 16-inch wheels and a personalization option described as “Car Dressing”.
Inside, the facelifted Fiat 500 will get a revised dashboard, steering wheel, new upholstery, chrome trimmings and FCA's U-Connect infotainment system, possibly with a new touchscreen. The refreshed model will also get new front brakes.
Photo Credits: CarPix for CarScoops
PHOTO GALLERY
Wawa Profile Blog Joined August 2010 United States 215 Posts #1
Whether watching from the stream with free HF, or just being there as one of the screaming fans.
As an SC2 fan, I am pretty sure that there was at least one moment in that event where you went "OMFGWTFLOL".
Our hands were held tightly bu the best casters our community has to offer as they slowly guide us to what was historic, epic, the standard which other MLG events live up to.
Love'em or hate'em, you just have to appreciate all the hard work the MLG Team has done for that event as they promise us more amazing stuff for future events.
Some of you might conclude that MLG Columbus will not be topped. But let me sway you guys into believing a bit that in a couple of days, MLG will deliver their promise.
_________________________________________________
- The Korean Invasion
MLG Anaheim is set-up to accommodate Seven Top Korean Pro Starcraft 2 players which is the most in MLG history.
In the world of starcraft, Koreans are the one's that are on the top of the skill level around the world.
And the seven that is going to Anaheim are not really push-overs.
We have SlayersMMA(MLG Columbus Champion), SlayersBoxer(The Emperor), IMMVP(2-time GSL Champion), MVPDongRaeGu(GSTL Top Performer), SlayersAlicia, SlayersGanZi, ChoyafOu.
'These Guys Will Show You Awesomeness'
These seven are gonna be the primary targets for the rest of the field.
they will be watched and carefully analyzed by others as they are the most promising to win the whole event.
- The Emperor comes for a Visit
Lim Yo Hwan, the Broodwar legend, the emperor, SlayersBoxer himself is coming over to Anaheim and compete with players almost half his age.
Being placed in the group pool, SlayersBoxer is set to take the main stage at least a couple of times and i am pretty sure that the fans will surely embrace that opportunity to see the Legend himself perform well and do his best.
Notable players such as "EGincontrol" are very excited to get the opportunity to play against the Broodwar Bonjwa as he is, to many SC2 pros, a childhood hero.
'The most powerful Light card for sure!'
-Well Rested and BACK to Dominate! (IdrA)
I am pretty sure everybody still remembers the show that Idra put out during MLG Columbus.
Whether it be his notable wins against MC, amazing domination in his group, or the Premature 'GG' that he did during the MMA fight.
Hate him or love him, IdrA definitely brings in the drama, the emotion, the excitement all the fans crave for.
After a few weeks resting and getting away from all the Starcraft 2. The Gracken is back, well rested, and has a clear vision of the goal.
'The Grack Is Back!'
Some people actually don't know but he came in 4th in Columbus and making him the most favorable foreigner to win Anaheim.
IDRA FIGHTING!!!
- EU Send their Finest
For this MLG, there are more notable European Players coming over for this event as they try to take the trophy back outside Korea and across the atlantic.
The notable ones are DignitasNaniwa, Duckload White-Ra, DignitasMerz, EGdeMuslim, and MillToD.
The EU server is said to be the training ground of choice for the pros outside Korea.
How well will they perform on American soil?
'26-0 part 2?'
- More fans than Ever
After only one year of release of Starcraft 2, the popularity of this game has increased drastically.
Since MLG Raleigh 2010(when SC2 was first added to the circuit), the starcraft crowd just exploded in a very short time and just recently, has taken the main stage of the MLG events.
One can only wonder as to how big it will get in a couple more years.
'Dear Halo Fans.... please don't hate... Thank You.'
There is so much hype for this weekend and tons of people have nothing but good comments about it.
With all the things said and done, we have nothing more to do but experience it and decide first-hand if it is indeed the most promising. After everyone experiences the awesomeness of the ground-breaking MLG Columbus, people was just so amazed that they already went to a conclusion that nothing else can compare to what happened that weekend.Whether watching from the stream with free HF, or just being there as one of the screaming fans.As an SC2 fan, I am pretty sure that there was at least one moment in that event where you went "OMFGWTFLOL".Our hands were held tightly bu the best casters our community has to offer as they slowly guide us to what was historic, epic, the standard which other MLG events live up to.Love'em or hate'em, you just have to appreciate all the hard work the MLG Team has done for that event as they promise us more amazing stuff for future events.Some of you might conclude that MLG Columbus will not be topped. But let me sway you guys into believing a bit that in a couple of days, MLG will deliver their promise._________________________________________________MLG Anaheim is set-up to accommodate Seven Top Korean Pro Starcraft 2 players which is the most in MLG history.In the world of starcraft, Koreans are the one's that are on the top of the skill level around the world.And the seven that is going to Anaheim are not really push-overs.We have SlayersMMA(MLG Columbus Champion), SlayersBoxer(The Emperor), IMMVP(2-time GSL Champion), MVPDongRaeGu(GSTL Top Performer), SlayersAlicia, SlayersGanZi, ChoyafOu.'These Guys Will Show You Awesomeness'These seven are gonna be the primary targets for the rest of the field.they will be watched and carefully analyzed by others as they are the most promising to win the whole event.Lim Yo Hwan, the Broodwar legend, the emperor, SlayersBoxer himself is coming over to Anaheim and compete with players almost half his age.Being placed in the group pool, SlayersBoxer is set to take the main stage at least a couple of times and i am pretty sure that the fans will surely embrace that opportunity to see the Legend himself perform well and do his best.Notable players such as "EGincontrol" are very excited to get the opportunity to play against the Broodwar Bonjwa as he is, to many SC2 pros, a childhood hero.'The most powerful Light card for sure!'I am pretty sure everybody still remembers the show that Idra put out during MLG Columbus.Whether it be his notable wins against MC, amazing domination in his group, or the Premature 'GG' that he did during the MMA fight.Hate him or love him, IdrA definitely brings in the drama, the emotion, the excitement all the fans crave for.After a few weeks resting and getting away from all the Starcraft 2. The Gracken is back, well rested, and has a clear vision of the goal.'The Grack Is Back!'Some people actually don't know but he came in 4th in Columbus and making him the most favorable foreigner to win Anaheim.IDRA FIGHTING!!!For this MLG, there are more notable European Players coming over for this event as they try to take the trophy back outside Korea and across the atlantic.The notable ones are DignitasNaniwa, Duckload White-Ra, DignitasMerz, EGdeMuslim, and MillToD.The EU server is said to be the training ground of choice for the pros outside Korea.How well will they perform on American soil?'26-0 part 2?'After only one year of release of Starcraft 2, the popularity of this game has increased drastically.Since MLG Raleigh 2010(when SC2 was first added to the circuit), the starcraft crowd just exploded in a very short time and just recently, has taken the main stage of the MLG events.One can only wonder as to how big it will get in a couple more years.'Dear Halo Fans.... please don't hate... Thank You.'There is so much hype for this weekend and tons of people have nothing but good comments about it.With all the things said and done, we have nothing more to do but experience it and decide first-hand if it is indeed the most promising. www.youtube.com/wawastarcraft
On 18 April 1947, a rhesus monkey that researchers identified as 766 ran a fever of 39.7°C, about 2°C higher than normal. The monkey was part of a study hunting for yellow fever virus and was living in a cage on a platform built into the tree canopy in the 1.5-kilometer-long Zika Forest, which runs adjacent to an arm of Lake Victoria in Uganda. Three days later, the investigators took a blood sample from Rhesus 766 and injected it into the brains of Swiss albino mice. The mice “showed signs of sickness” after 10 days, and the researchers harvested their brains, from which they isolated a “filterable transmissible agent.”
Come January of the following year, the same researchers trapped mosquitoes from these canopy platforms and took their bounty back to the lab, hoping to isolate yellow fever virus. Others had shown that one of these species they caught, Aedes africanus, shuttled the yellow fever virus, so the investigators put 86 of the insects in a refrigerator to “render them inactive” and then ground them up in a blood-saline solution, which they again injected into the brains of mice. The animals “appeared inactive” after 7 days, and tests showed they harbored the same transmissible agent that had sickened Rhesus 766.
The researchers called their “hitherto unrecorded virus” Zika.
For nearly 7 decades, the Zika virus would remain a virological curiosity, receiving little more attention than other obscure members of the Flaviviridae family that are transmitted by mosquitoes, such as Spondweni, Wesselsbron, and Ntaya. But now that it appears as though Zika might be causing serious harm to babies in Brazil, the World Health Organization has deemed it a “public health emergency of international concern.” It's fast earning the reputation of the scariest virus on the planet. And the recent explosive spread of Zika around Latin America and the Caribbean serves notice, yet again, that remote places are no longer as remote as they used to be—so expect ever more exotic pathogens lurking in nature to become commonplace.
The Uganda Virus Research Institute in Entebbe, located 11 kilometers northeast of the Zika Forest, just after the end of World War II carried out the meticulous work that isolated the pathogen du jour. The researchers included a Scottish virologist, George Dick of the National Institute for Medical Research in London, and two former members of the Rockefeller Foundation in New York City, Stuart Kitchen and Alexander Haddow. They waited until September 1952 to publish their findings, which appeared in back-to-back papers in the Transactions of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene. In addition to experiments with more rhesus monkeys and mice, their exhaustive studies put the Zika virus into grivet and red tail monkeys, cotton rats, guinea pigs, and rabbits. The virus caused damage to neurons only in mice. Six of 99 humans they tested in four different Ugandan locales had antibodies to their new bug, but none showed evidence of disease.
As one of the two papers drily concluded: “The absence of the recognition of a disease in humans caused by Zika virus does not necessarily mean that the disease is either rare or unimportant.”
The same journal would publish 10 of the 24 total Zika studies that appeared in the scientific literature over the next 30 years, including a 1954 paper that attempted to link the virus to an epidemic of jaundice in Nigeria. The data in this study by esteemed virologist Francis Macnamara were sketchy and the correlations weak, save for the detail that 50 of 84 people tested had antibodies against the strange agent—the first clue that it was widespread. Mice also became ill when injected with Zika-antibody-positive serum taken from one 10-year-old girl who had a temperature of 38.2°C and a headache. But she did not have jaundice.
Confused by the results, medical researcher William Bearcroft decided to take matters into his own hands—literally. As he reported in September 1956, a 34-year-old European male who had been living in Nigeria for 4.5 months—that would be Bearcroft himself—injected into his arm a suspension of Zika-infected mouse brain used in the 1954 study. Eighty-two hours later, Bearcroft had a headache and a slight temperature.
Curious about the route of viral transmission, on the 5th day after the injection—by which time his symptoms had disappeared—Bearcroft put a batch of female A. aegypti mosquitoes on his left forearm, and 95 of them became engorged with his blood. He did this two more times over the next few days and then put some of the mosquitoes on baby mice and ground up others, injecting them into the rodents. Nothing happened.
Bearcroft suggested that his symptoms resembled those seen in the 10-year-old girl. “Whilst no conclusions can be drawn from an experience limited to two cases, it should be noted that in those which represent the only proved examples of the human disease no evidence of jaundice appeared,” he wrote.
Nothing more appeared in the literature about Zika virus infections of humans until 1964 when David Simpson, a student of Zika co-discoverer George Dick, reported that those first two cases likely were not Zika but its close relative, Spondweni. What's more, Simpson, who was working in the same Entebbe lab that discovered the virus, claimed that he had evidence of the first actual human case: a 28-year-old European male—yes, David Simpson—who had been in Uganda for 2.5 months when he became ill while working with Zika strains isolated from mosquitoes.
Simpson's symptoms were distinct from the others in one key way: he had a “diffuse pink maculopapular rash which covered the face, neck, trunk and upper arms” and that eventually spread to all four limbs, the palms of the hands, and the soles of the feet. It did not itch, he reported, but the rash lasted for 5 days. He described the disease as “mild,” and noted that there was no “crippling bone pain” as occurred with three other mosquito-borne viruses: dengue, chikungunya, and o'nyong-nyong.
When Simpson inoculated mice with his blood, they became sick and some died. He passaged blood from these mice into the brains of other mice, harvested that “material” and tested antibodies against Zika and 11 related viruses—including Spondweni—to see which stuck. He had Zika, no question. “If this was a typical infection with Zika virus it is not surprising that under normal circumstances the virus is not isolated frequently from man,” he wrote.
Nearly a decade would pass before another report of a human Zika infection appeared and, once again, it was a lab worker, this time in Mozambique with Portugal's Institute of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. In the 1973 paper, published in the German journal Archiv für die gesamte Virusforschung (Archive for the Entire Virus Research), C.M.V. Martins described his symptoms as fever with some pain in joints, but no rash. He recovered completely after 1 week.
According to Martins and co-authors, scientists had by then isolated 312 “arboviruses”—meaning spread by arthropods like mosquitoes and ticks—82 of which caused human infections, yet all but 39 were rarely observed diseases. “Thus, the knowledge of the pathogenic potential of about half of the arboviruses capable of causing symptomatic disease in humans has been acquired mainly from the study of laboratory infection,” they concluded. In other words, you needed lab accidents to understand disease.
Loads of countries began reporting evidence of Zika antibodies in humans and wild monkeys in the 1970s and 80s, but documented cases of people with disease remained scarce, with scattered reports of human Zika virus infections trickling in from Nigeria and Indonesia. Then nothing until 2007, when physicians on Yap Island in the Federated Republic of Micronesia noticed an outbreak of a disease that resembled mild cases of dengue but was distinct, in part because people had a rash. A report of this outbreak in 2009 for the first time earned Zika a slot in a high-profile publication, The New England Journal of Medicine. As the authors noted, “No outbreaks and only 14 cases of human Zika virus disease have been previously documented.”
The paper documented 49 confirmed and 59 probable Zika cases.
But household surveys of 557 people found Zika antibodies in 74% of the islanders. The researchers estimated that some 5000 people had been infected, and that 900 of them had illness “attributable to Zika.” No one was hospitalized, and no one died. No mosquitoes, surprisingly, were found with the virus.
Odd case reports soon followed. Two U.S. scientists diagnosed in Colorado were apparently infected in Senegal, and one of them infected his wife, presumably through sex, when he returned home; they only thought to test for Zika because of a chance meeting with a grandson of Alexander Haddow, one of the researchers who discovered the virus. A U.S. Navy research station in Cambodia detected a case in a 3-year-old boy. A 52-year-old woman in Australia was diagnosed after returning home from a holiday in Indonesia. Then in 2013, an outbreak walloped French Polynesia, with 333 confirmed cases and an estimated 19,000 suspected others. For the first time, the disease was associated with serious symptoms: mainly neurological disorders, including Guillain-Barré syndrome, which sometimes causes a temporary paralysis, and, in rare instances, is deadly. Two babies also were infected in utero or during delivery, but neither had lasting health problems.
Cases of traveler-associated Zika began to mount: A Norwegian who vacationed in Tahiti, a Canadian who went to Thailand, Japanese tourists who visited Bora Bora, an Australian who explored the Cook Islands, a German who returned from Malaysian Borneo.
The first published report of “autochthonous” cases in Brazil—meaning they were not imported—appeared in June 2015. Eight patients, who all were infected a few months before and were deemed to have a “dengue-like illness,” had confirmed cases. “Although most of the patients had mild illness, clinicians and public health officials should be aware of the risk of expansion of this new emerging virus, especially given the naïve immunological status of the Brazilian population,” the authors cautioned, noting the neurological complications seen in French Polynesia.
A few months later, Brazilian clinicians started reporting an unusually high number of babies born with small heads, a telltale sign of microcephaly.
The rest is history.
See more of Science's coverage of the Zika virus here.
ObamaCare supporters are worried that President Trump's attacks on the law will depress enrollment and confuse consumers, inflicting damage that can't be fixed even if Congress comes up with a bipartisan health-care deal.
Open enrollment begins in less than two weeks, and advocates are bracing for a drop in the number of people signing up amid the Trump administration's months-long campaign against ObamaCare.
Just last week, Trump canceled key ObamaCare insurer payments and signed an executive order on health care, moves critics say are attempts to weaken the law.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I think you have to expect you'll see fewer people on the exchanges,” said Sen. Chris Murphy Christopher (Chris) Scott MurphyPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Feehery: Defining what socialism is (and isn't) Avoiding the tragedy of Brexit MORE (D-Conn.)
“The president is working really hard to make sure enrollment numbers are as weak as possible,” he added.
Senate Health Committee Chairman Lamar Alexander Andrew (Lamar) Lamar AlexanderPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump MORE (R-Tenn.) and ranking member Patty Murray Patricia (Patty) Lynn MurrayThis week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Johnson & Johnson subpoenaed by DOJ and SEC, company says MORE (D-Wash.) on Tuesday announced a bipartisan agreement on a bill that would fund the insurer payments cut by Trump, but it's not certain that bill will pass in time to have an impact on open enrollment — if it can pass at all.
Trump has described the bill as a “bailout” of insurance companies, and Republican leaders in both the House and Senate have also expressed skepticism.
Even if the bill does pass and is signed by Trump, it's unlikely to happen before open enrollment begins in two weeks. It might not even pass before open enrollment ends Dec. 15, although Alexander said Wednesday he thinks it could pass by the end of the year.
Critics also say it wouldn't undo months of damage Trump and his administration have already done to the Affordable Care Act (ACA).
“From what I'm hearing on the Alexander-Murray deal, it is good news for insurers and consumers and could mitigate some of the damage done by the Trump administration,” said Emily Gee, a health economist at the Center for American Progress, a left-leaning think tank in D.C.
“However, this open enrollment still remains an uphill battle. Recent polling reveals there's a great deal of confusion about the marketplace among current enrollees and potential consumers, much of which has been stirred up by the administration's campaign against the ACA, and any deal can't change that overnight,” she said.
The discussion surrounding a new deal could actually add to confusion consumers are already facing over the law, thanks to a ten-month debate over repealing and replacing ObamaCare, rhetoric from Trump that the law is failing, insurer exits in many counties and executive orders signed by Trump.
“I think it's unlikely that the legislation will pass before Nov. 1, so this may simply add to the confusion,” said Jennifer Tolbert, an insurance expert at the Kaiser Family Foundation in D.C. “It is very hard to anticipate what will happen but all of these factors will possibly align to sort of create enough confusion among eligible consumers that fewer will sign up.”
After canceling the insurer payments last week and signing an executive order that would allow the sale of less comprehensive health plans, Trump has declared ObamaCare “dead,” no doubt adding to any confusion felt by consumers.
“ObamaCare is finished. It's dead. It's gone. It's no longer — you shouldn't even mention it. It's gone. There is no such thing as ObamaCare anymore,” Trump said earlier this week.
On top of that, his administration has cut funds for in-person enrollment assistance, cut the enrollment period in half and slashed ObamaCare's advertising budget by 90 percent. It will also shut down the website people use to sign up for coverage during open enrollment once a week on Sunday, for maintenance.
“I am very concerned that the president's actions have confused people, along with all of the conversation around the attempts to pass the two versions of TrumpCare we saw earlier this year,” said Sen. Maggie Hassan Margaret (Maggie) HassanOvernight Health Care — Sponsored by America's 340B Hospitals — Dems blast rulemaking on family planning program | Facebook may remove anti-vaccine content | Medicare proposes coverage for new cancer treatment Trade official warns senators of obstacles to quick China deal Actor Chris Evans meets with Democratic senators before State of the Union MORE (D-N.H.).
She hopes the bipartisan bill, if passed, could help with some of that confusion because it restores funds for advertising and in-person assistance.
But the Trump administration's decisions to cut advertising might already be having an impact.
Only 31 percent of insured consumers and 12 percent of uninsured individuals know that open enrollment begins Nov. 1, according to a poll commissioned by Get America Covered, an initiative aiming to get the word out about open enrollment.
Only 12 percent of insured consumers and 6 percent of uninsured individuals know open enrollment ends Dec. 15, the poll found.
Another poll released Wednesday by the Kaiser Family Foundation found similar results.
Only 33 percent of all enrollees in the individual market knew open enrollment begins Nov. 1. About 30 percent of the public said they thought the individual mandate was not in effect, or didn't know if it was.
“I think there's a lot of confusion, a lot of mixed messages out there, and the reduction in advertising and in-person assistance funding are certainly contributing to that,” Tolbert said.
“What we know is that consumers need to hear this information over and over and over again. With the cuts to advertising, particularly the lack of television advertising, fewer consumers are going to hear the messages and be aware of the upcoming dates for the open enrollment period.”
The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is already setting expectations low.
“It's important to remember that Obamacare enrollment was in decline before President Trump took office,” HHS spokesman Matt Lloyd said.
10.3 million signed up for ACA plans for 2017 and paid their first month's premium, compared to 11.1 million in 2016 and 11.7 million in 2015.
Under the Obama administration, HHS would release projections detailing how many people it expected to sign up for coverage the following year.
The Trump administration did not answer questions about whether it would continue that tradition.
But ObamaCare supporters are almost certain the numbers won't look good.
“They're talking about how ObamaCare is imploding, which it is not. However, the administration is trying to make that happen,” said Lori Lodes, a former Obama official who oversaw outreach efforts under the previous administration.
“The actions that the administration has taken this year … all of that taken together will mean fewer people will sign up. All of the recent actions by the administration that really are just going to sow additional confusion,” she said.
The Big Apple has just become even bigger for Apple users. Pastiche allows Mac users to recreate New York through keywords on NY-centric blog searches. The result is disorientatingly stunning. See it in action below.
Pastiche was created by software designer Ivan Safrin and visual artist Christian Marc Schmidt, who explain that it is much more than an animated version of concrete poetry:
Conceptually, Pastiche is a parallel experience of the city, a map that not only documents, but also suggests action. It is a public counterpart to the private physical architecture of the city. Its source an aggregate of individual blogs, Pastiche is a system that anyone has the ability to contribute to. It defines a new kind of public space, while both proposing an experience and inviting comparison-in the process of relating one's own perspective to a larger collective subjectivity, one situates oneself in relation to an impromptu community, formed around the idea of New York.
Advertisement
Mac users can download Pastiche and explore the city themselves here.
(Via)
Former president Lennart Meri, who would have turned 85 on Saturday, was remembered across the country with the lighting of signal fires on a line corresponding roughly to the path of the Kaali meteorite, which the writer and film director wrote about in his Hõbevalge books. Remembered for his active presidency, the former statesman also left a rich legacy of quotations. Here are 12 that are attributed to him, with reasonable reliability.
1) The situation is sh*t. That's our fertilizer for the future.
2) Estonia's survival depends on each and every one of us.
3) The thing about experiences is that they can only be found in the past.
4) Europe needs Pearu and Andres [the feuding farmers in Tammsaare's "Truth and Justice"], [linguist] Paul Ariste, [scientists] Jaan Einasto and Endel Lippmaa. It doesn't need Coca-Cola bottled in Estonia.
5) The notion that the time of Stalins and Hitlers is over is dangerous.
6) Compared to Russia, Estonia is like an Inuit kayak. A supertanker takes 16 nautical miles to turn around, but the Inuit can do a 180-degree turn on a dime.
7) The Estonian state is costly and the Estonian state is dear. It is costly for the citizen's pocketbook and it is dear to the citizen's heart.
8) The death of communism is being proclaimed from the rooftops, but no one has yet seen a corpse.
9) Estonian state and Hiiumaa Island were created to exist forever and not to fear even the Devil.
10) You young people [will] go through life like a knife through butter.
11) I have yet to see a general who knows how to milk a cow.
12) The best way to reduce social inequality is to invest into education.
Source: tsitaat.ee
The movie world is still in shock following Lucasfilm's decision to suddenly fire Chris Miller and Phil Lord from directing the still untitled Han Solo film. A number of rumors have since emerged speculating about why the filmmakers were let go by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy, with the latest allegation suggesting that the duo had somehow managed to turn the character of Han Solo into a comedic creation akin to Jim Carrey's Ace Ventura.
Originally it was reported that Chris Miller and Phil Lord had dramatically fallen out with Han Solo's co-writer Lawrence Kasdan, which then resulted in Kathleen Kennedy siding with the Empire Strikes Back and Return Of The Jedi writer over the pair. But the latest speculation is that it was actually Han Solo's leading actor, Alden Ehrenreich, that raised concerns about how Phil Lord and Chris Miller were directing the film. Phil Lord and Chris Miller were apparently using such a zany approach to film Han Solo that the film's incarnation of the character was similar to that of Jim Carrey's outlandish efforts as Ace Ventura.
“[Alden Ehrenreich] started to worry that Lord & Miller's screwball comedy angle was starting to interfere with what the character of Han Solo is really about, even if this was a younger, more reckless take on the character than the one we met in that Cantina on Tatooine. One source described it as being oddly comparable to Jim Carrey's performance in Ace Ventura at times.”
[Image by Getty/Jesse Grant]
The above information came courtesy of Star Wars Net's sources, via the Express, who insisted that Alden Ehrenreich had a big part to play in the directors being fired. While the Hail, Caesar actor was aware that the film would be taking a “younger” and more “reckless” look at the character of Han Solo, he believed that the directors had taken it too far.
Alden Ehrenreich is believed to have registered his concerns regarding Chris Miller and Phil Lord to one of the film's producers, who then informed Kathleen Kennedy. The Lucasfilm president then decided to view the footage the pair had shot, and after doing so she quickly became concerned. Soon after, Kathleen Kennedy decided to try and salvage the film by hiring a new director.
[Image by Getty/Ben A. Pruchnie]
Chris Miller and Phil Lord were informed that they'd been let go from Han Solo on Monday evening, and then Lucasfilm released a statement informing the press of their decision on Tuesday. Ron Howard was hired as Chris Miller and Phil Lord's replacement on Thursday, and he now has three and a half weeks of filming left to shoot, as well as five weeks of reshoots later this year, too.
[Featured Image by Lucasfilm/Warner Bros.]
ALTON KUPRI, Iraq — The Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham released about 200 Yazidis held for five months in Iraq, mostly elderly, infirm captives who likely slowed the jihadists down, Kurdish military officials said Sunday.
Almost all of the freed prisoners are in poor health and bore signs of abuse and neglect. Three were young children. The former captives were being questioned and receiving medical treatment on Sunday in the town of Alton Kupri.
Gen. Shirko Fatih, commander of Kurdish peshmerga forces in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk, said it appears the militants released the prisoners because they were too much of a burden.
“It probably became too expensive to feed them and care for them,” he said.
Tens of thousands of Yazidis fled in August when ISIS captured the northern Iraqi town of Sinjar, near the Syrian border. But hundreds were taken captive by the group, with some Yazidi women forced into slavery, according to international rights groups and Iraqi officials.
The militants transported the mainly elderly captives from the northern town of Tal Afar and dropped them off Saturday at the Khazer Bridge, near the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil.
“Their situation is very bad, especially the psychological condition,” said Hersh Hussein, a representative from the Irbil governor's office who was in Alton Kupri. “Regarding other diseases we provide first aid and the most important medical treatment.”
Maha Faris Qassem, 35, was released with her two young sons, both of whom were covered from head to toe in bug bites which appear to be infected. She said the conditions of their captivity were so dire that infection was inevitable.
About 50,000 Yazidis — half of them children, according to UN figures — fled to the mountains outside Sinjar during the onslaught. Some still remain there.
The U.S. launched airstrikes and humanitarian aid drops in Iraq on Aug. 8, partly in response to the crisis on Sinjar mountain. Since then, a coalition of eight countries have conducted more than 1,000 airstrikes across Iraq in an effort to eradicate ISIS, which now holds a third of both Iraq and Syria.
The Sunni militant group views Yazidis and Shiite Muslims as apostates, and has demanded Christians either convert to Islam or pay a special tax.
“I don't know the details of why they released us,” Gawre Semo, 69, told The Associated Press. “They are very bad people. They took our children and they took the women. They did bad things with us. We've been humiliated by them.”
The campaign didn't end on election night. That's the message for America from the bipartisan uniparty headquartered in Washington, D.C.—the one that Trump supporters voted to evict on November 8. Having lost the election they're back with a new narrative, the sole goal of which is to undermine the legitimacy of Donald Trump's presidency before he even takes office.
We shouldn't be surprised by the lengths to which the Left will go to retain their grip on power. As a people for whom politics largely has replaced religion as the source of meaning in their lives, it's all they've got. But their enablers and fellow-travelers on the #NeverTrump Right are more surprising and, in their own way, more pathetic.
Recall that Hillary Clinton was more than a little reticent about conceding defeat in the face of an overwhelming loss. Her much touted but evanescent “blue wall” collapsed becoming the least effective defensive obstacle since France's Maginot Line. Reporting since the election tells us that she was in an uncontrollable rage and could not even muster the grace to address the thousands of supporters waiting for her in the Jacob Javitz Center in New York or the millions of Americans watching on television.
Shortly after the election the Clintons and their friends on the Left allied themselves with Green Party candidate Jill Stein's absurd effort to recount ballots in a handful of states that Clinton lost (Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan). Stein claimed that her motivation was to “ensure the integrity of our elections.” Tellingly, she had no interest in the integrity of elections in states that Clinton won by surprisingly small margins like New Hampshire and Minnesota.
Stein asserted in multiple lawsuits seeking to force recounts (she missed the statutory deadline to request a recount in Pennsylvania and so was forced into Court) that voting machines had been hacked. Every court that heard these claims denied them because of a lack of evidence. Got that? Stein and Clinton had their day in court and were denied relief because their claims lacked evidence. In fact, U.S. District Judge Paul Diamond said in his ruling that the claim of hacking “borders on the irrational.”
When the recount strategy fell apart for lack of evidence the narrative morphed from hacked voting machines to “Russian hackers” and a “hacked election.” It's a claim that's meant to sound terrible while remaining vague enough to avoid refutation. It's also a phrase that doesn't really mean anything and that's the point. Because it's real purpose is to stoke despondent Clinton voters' resentments and leave them with the impression that Donald Trump's presidency is somehow illegitimate. The claims are a savvy way of preparing the political battlefield and give Democrats some leverage in their uphill battle to stop Trump from enacting his agenda.
Still, on the eve of Donald Trump's presidency, a presidency that is paired with a Republican controlled Congress and can accomplish so much good, it is frustrating to watch stubborn NeverTrump conservative intellectuals and pundits play the part of useful idiots. The wildly overblown claims of a “hacked election” are a totally transparent trap baited and set by the Left to undermine Donald Trump's presidency and stymie his agenda. But their ideology, which has been reduced to mere negation of all things Trump, blinds them to the trap set by the likes of Van Jones, John Podesta, and Chuck Schumer.
The claims of a “hacked election” are nothing more than warmed over stories about the emails from the DNC and John Podesta's Gmail account that WikiLeaks released in the summer and fall. The entire country knew all about this before the election and concluded that the story was not who did the hacking—everyone knew the emails had been hacked—but the information contained in the emails.
The fact that the scandals, dirty tricks, and potentially illegal activity revealed by those emails turned many Americans off on the notoriously distrusted and disliked Hillary Clinton cannot be blamed on Vladimir Putin, WikiLeaks, or anyone else. The blame rests squarely on the shoulders of the Democrats themselves.
Ultimately, their goal is to take a scalp or two by defeating some of Trump's cabinet nominees, especially Senator Jeff Sessions who is widely hated and feared on the Left, and to slow the repeal of Obamacare. The only way they can do this is by driving a wedge between Trump and some of the weaker members of the Republican caucus in Congress. They hope that endless repetition of the “hacked election” claim will leave behind a taint of illegitimacy that will become the wedge they can use. This is especially so in the Senate where Democrats have their sights on Senators like McCain, Flake, Graham, and Snowe who have demonstrated a preternatural desire to buck their own party.
Republicans should see Democrat claims for what they are: a brazen attempt to gain political advantage by creating a phony crisis of confidence. Trump voters won a resounding victory on November 8 but NeverTrump conservatives threaten to lose the peace by playing into the Democrats' cynical attempt to blame foreign intelligence agencies, rogue states, and lone wolves for their loss. Hacking of government systems and political operatives has been happening for decades. It's an important security issue but it's not news.
The real story is the corruption and shady deals that the hacked emails exposed. The American people understand this—it's one of the reasons they elected Donald Trump. Let's hope Trump's critics on the Right figure this out before they hand Democrats any unearned victories.
SEOUL (Reuters) - North and South Korea exchanged artillery fire near their disputed sea border on Wednesday, the second time in three months the rivals have clashed and briefly sending prices down on jittery Seoul financial markets.
Analysts doubted the latest clash would escalate and saw it more as an attempt by Pyongyang to stress the instability on the Korean peninsula and press home its demand for a peace deal that would open the way to international aid for its ruined economy.
South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said the North fired artillery shots from land toward the South but landing on its side of the disputed sea border off the west coast.
South Korea returned fire from its coastal artillery.
The presidential Blue House said both sides fired into the air and there were no casualties, according to Yonhap, adding it had called a meeting of top national security officials.
North Korean state media made no comment on the incident.
Earlier this week it accused the South of declaring war by saying it would launch a pre-emptive strike if it had clear signs the North was preparing a nuclear attack.
The latest clash also comes amid signals from Pyongyang it was ready to return after a year-long boycott to six-country talks — between the two Koreas, China, Japan, Russia and the United States — on ending its atomic arms program.
“North Korea may want to return to the six-party talks, but only to ease pressure on itself and gain more economic assistance, which it really needs now,” said Zhang Liangui, who is an expert on North Korea at the Central Party School, a prominent institute in Beijing.
“So North Korea wants to control the pace of contacts with South Korea and the United States. Incidents such as this are a way for it to show that it can control how and when there is any progress,” Zhang said.
In return for resuming disarmament negotiations, North Korea has demanded talks on a peace treaty with the United States to finally end the 1950-53 Korean War and the lifting of U.N. sanctions over its two nuclear tests.
Analysts say tightened sanctions since last year have badly hit the failing economy, especially its main export — weapons.
There have also been overtures for dialogue with Seoul after two years of increasingly tense ties with the government of President Lee Myung-bak who has linked improved relations to action by the North to disarm and end the security risk affecting the peninsula and the rest of prosperous North Asia.
MARKETS RATTLED
News of the firing rattled markets, with Seoul's main stock exchange briefly extending losses and the won wiping out early gains against the dollar.
Both later recovered and analysts saw little long-term impact from the standoff.
“Investors know that North Korea is in dire need of material support, and the country will not likely take drastic action,” said Shim Jae-youb, a market analyst at Meritz Securities.
North Korea has declared a no-sail zone in the Yellow Sea waters for two months ending in late March, South Korea's Unification Ministry said, a sign it might be preparing to test fire missiles.
The area is near a contested sea border between the rival Koreas that was the site of a brief naval clash in November as well as deadly confrontations in previous years between the states which are technically still at war.
About a month before that clash, North Korea raised regional security concerns by firing short-range missiles off its east coast.
From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia.
Spinda (Japanese: パッチール Patcheel) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon.
Biology
Spinda is a bipedal, panda Pokémon with rabbit-like features. Its eyes are made of two black spirals, which point in the opposite direction to each other. There is a similar swirling pattern on its ears. It has a small body with short stumpy arms and legs, and its coat is primarily cream-colored. Its arms are red and it has a red stripe bordering along the bottom of its belly, as well as two small spots on the soles of its feet. It has four spots, which can appear anywhere on its face and ears, with a fifth on the back of its head. These spot patterns are different for each and every Spinda.
It has dizzying, confusing, and scattering dance-like movements, which can be used for its former signature move, Teeter Dance, though it thinks it is walking in a straight line. These movements confuse its opponents and make it difficult for them to aim at it. It lives in the mountains.
In the anime
Major appearances
Spinda debuted in Going for a Spinda. Ash and his friends had to help a girl named Claire find a Spinda with a heart-shaped spot on its forehead. Brock, meanwhile, kept picking one up with a spot shaped like a broken heart, much to his displeasure.
Minor appearances
A Coordinator's Spinda appeared in Disguise Da Limit!.
A Spinda appeared in A Fan with a Plan.
A Coordinator's Spinda appeared in What I Did For Love!.
A Trainer's Spinda appeared in Racing to a Big Event!, where it participated in the Pokémon Pancake Race.
A Spinda appeared in Rocking Clawmark Hill!, as one of the Pokémon training up on Clawmark Hill.
Pokédex entries
Episode Pokémon Source Entry AG057 Spinda Ash's Pokédex Spinda, the Spot Panda Pokémon. Spinda uses its seemingly clumsy movements to confuse its opponents. It is said that no two Spinda have the same pattern of spots. This concludes the entries from the Advanced Generation series.
In the manga
In the Pokémon Adventures manga
Norman owns a Spinda, which first appeared in Rayquaza Redemption I. He uses it in conjunction with his Slaking to switch their Abilities with Skill Swap.
A Spinda appeared as a Battle Factory Pokémon in Pinsir Me, I Must Be Dreaming.
The Battle Factory rented a Spinda, which was stolen by Guile Hideout in Skirting Around Surskit I.
The Battle Tower rented a Spinda, which was stolen by Guile Hideout in The Final Battle VII.
A Spinda appeared in a flashback in Bombastic Bibarel & Heroic Hippopotas.
In The Transfer Student, Yancy owns a Spinda. It was first seen with its Trainer when she was breaking up with Blake. Afterwards, it left with Yancy while she said her tearful goodbyes.
The Lumiose Press editor-in-chief owns a Spinda, which first appeared in Omega Alpha Adventure 8.
In the TCG
In the TFG
One Spinda figure has been released.
Game data
NPC appearances
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: One day, a Spinda appears in Pokémon Square and collapses. When it regains consciousness, Spinda explains that it is giving up a long journey to find the Mirage Pokémon and hands its one clue, the Clear Wing, to the player. The player must then solve the Mystery of the Mirage Pokémon, which will reward him or her with the Rainbow Wing. Upon showing the Rainbow Wing to Spinda, it becomes happy and leaves Pokémon Square.
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky: Spinda runs Spinda's café and takes over the juice bar. A Wynaut and a Wobbuffet also work at the café running the recycle shop. Later in the game, Project P is introduced. After it is introduced, occasionally when speaking to Wynaut the player may gain access to a dungeon normally accessed by selecting a job with ??? as the location or get a choice of more items in the recycle shop.
Pokédex entries
This Pokémon was unavailable prior to Generation III. Generation III Ruby All the Spinda that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this Pokémon give it the appearance of dancing. Sapphire No two Spinda are said to have identical spot patterns on their hides. This Pokémon moves in a curious manner as if it is stumbling in dizziness. Its lurching movements can cause the opponent to become confused. Emerald It is distinguished by a pattern of spots that is always different. Its unsteady, tottering walk has the effect of fouling its foe's aim. FireRed No two Spinda are said to have identical patterns. It confuses foes with its stumbling motions. LeafGreen Generation IV Diamond No two Spinda have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes. Pearl Platinum HeartGold The chances of two Spinda having identical spot patterns is less than one in four billion. SoulSilver Generation V Black No two Spinda have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes. White Black 2 No two Spinda have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes. White 2 Generation VI X No two Spinda have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes. Y The chances of two Spinda having identical spot patterns is less than one in four billion. Omega Ruby All the Spinda that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this Pokémon give it the appearance of dancing. Alpha Sapphire No two Spinda are said to have identical spot patterns on their hides. This Pokémon moves in a curious manner as if it is stumbling in dizziness. Its lurching movements can cause the opponent to become confused. Generation VII Sun Its steps are staggering and unsteady, but Spinda thinks it's walking in a straight line. Moon Each and every Spinda has a slightly different configuration of spots. There are collectors who enjoy the tiny differences in their spot patterns. Ultra Sun Its steps are shaky and stumbling. Walking for a long time makes it feel sick. Ultra Moon Each Spinda's spot pattern is different. With its stumbling movements, it evades opponents' attacks brilliantly!
Game locations
In side games
In events
Held items
Stats
Base stats
Stat Range At Lv. 50 At Lv. 100 HP : 60 120 - 167 230 - 324 Attack : 60 58 - 123 112 - 240 Defense : 60 58 - 123 112 - 240 Sp.Atk : 60 58 - 123 112 - 240 Sp.Def : 60 58 - 123 112 - 240 Speed : 60 58 - 123 112 - 240 Total: 360 Other Pokémon with this total Minimum stats are calculated with 0 EVs , IVs of 0, and a hindering nature , if applicable.
Maximum stats are calculated with 252 EVs, IVs of 31, and a helpful nature, if applicable.
Pokéathlon stats
Type effectiveness
Learnset
Side game data
Evolution
Sprites
Pattern examples
Trivia
In Pokémon Battle Revolution, Toxic is depicted as two purple orbs spinning around each other towards the target. However, when Spinda uses Toxic, the orbs travel erratically. The same animation is used for Carnivine.
Some of Spinda's Pokédex entries mention the odds of two Spinda having the same spot pattern as less than one in four billion. Since Spinda's spots are based on its personality value (a 32-bit number), a simplistic model would put the odds at 1 in 4,294,967,295, which is indeed smaller than one in four billion; however, it is actually possible for two personality values to produce spot patterns that are visually identical, so the real odds are somewhat higher. Using this app, it can be found that two dots have 256 distinct locations, one dot has 254, and one dot has 237, counting all locations where the dot is entirely off-sprite as the same. This results in a total of 3,945,136,128 patterns. However, even this total is slightly too high, because if the upper left dot is far enough down and to the right, it can entirely eclipse the lower left dot, resulting in a few more patterns being indistinguishable. Compare, for example, 0x0E07F5FB and 0x0EF0F5FB.
Unlike other Pokémon with no gender differences, the Rotom Pokédex does not display a single model for both male and female Spinda, but rather a separate one for each.
Like Whirlipede, its base stat total might be based on the fact that it and Whirlipede usually spin in circles, which are 360 degrees.
Origin
Spinda's body structure is based on the giant panda with elongated rabbit ears, with its coloring close to that of a subspecies of giant panda, the Qinling panda. The different spot patterns may be a reference to red pandas, which also have their own unique facial markings.
Name origin
Spinda is a combination of spin (referring to its twirly eyes and ears and dizzy-seeming movement) and panda.
Patcheel may be a combination of patch (referring to its appearance) and reel (to stagger, as from dizziness).
In other languages
Language Title Meaning Japanese パッチール Patcheel From patch and reel French Spinda Same as English name Spanish Spinda Same as English name German Pandir From Panda and wirr Italian Spinda Same as English name Korean 얼루기 Ollugi From 얼룩 Eol-lug Cantonese Chinese Mandarin Chinese 晃晃斑 Huànghuàngbān From 晃 huàng and 斑 bān More languages Hindi स्पिंडा Spinda Transliteration of English name Russian Спинда Spinda Transliteration of English name
Ribéry and Heynckes on the Brink
Just like the inordinate amount of singing shows on television, the field for the FIFA Ballon d'Or and the Coach of the Year is down to the final three.
Part of those final three are Franck Ribéry, the UEFA European Footballer of the Year, and Jupp Heynckes, the only treble-winning manager of a German side.
For Ribéry, the final vote will be a rematch of his UEFA award, matched up with Christiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. Since Ribéry got his name engrained in the European trophy, Ronaldo has scored 32 goals for club and country, while Messi has missed six of Barcelona's 19 matches in all competitions due to injury.
Heynckes will face off against Sir Alex Ferguson and Jürgen Klopp. Fergusen stepped down from Manchester United after winning his 24th major title for the Club. Jürgen Klopp took Borussia Dortmund to their first UEFA Champions League Final since 1997, although his club finished second in the Bundesliga to FC Bayern, who also eliminated it in the quarterfinals of the DFB Pokal.
With the debate for Ballon d'Or raging on, FIFA will reveal the results on January 13 in Zurich, Switzerland.
Mandzukic shortlisted for World XI
FIFA and FIFPro release the final shortlist of the World XI nominees, the 15 forwards to round out the field of 55 nominees.
On that forward shortlist is FC Bayern's Mario Mandžukić, the Croatian striker who helped his country qualify for the 2014 World Cup, and winning a treble to boot. The 27-year-old scored 25 goals in the 2013 calendar year, five more than he scored in 2012.
The notable absence remains Thomas Müller, who now joins Edin Hazard as the only two players on the original Ballon d'Or shortlist not to be part of the 55 World XI nominees.
Robert Lewandowski was the only other Bundesliga player shortlisted as part of the 15 forwards. Liga BBVA once again had the most forward nominees with four – Diego Costa, Radamel Falcao, Lionel Messi, Neymar, and Christiano Ronaldo – although Neymar and Falcao share half of their affiliation with Santos and AS Monaco respectively.
The Barclays Premier league had for nominees – Sergio Agüero, Wayne Rooney, Luis Suarez and Robert van Persie. Mario Balotelli and Edinson Cavani were the only to Serie A players mentioned, while Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Didier Drogba rounded out the field.
With nine nominees – Manuel Neuer, Philipp Lahm, Dante, Jérôme Boateng, David Alaba, Ribéry, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Arjen Robben, and Mandžukić – FC Bayern is tied with Real Madrid (not counting Mesut Özil) and Barcelona with the most representation on the shortlist. FIFA will reveal the World XI during the Ballon d'Or ceremony on January 13 in Zurich.
FC Bayern could Extend US Tour
Snuck in at the end of his SPORT BILD PLUS interview, Karl-Heinz Rummenigge opened the possibility of extending FC Bayern's tour in the USA after the World Cup.
"We have as the first German club an invitation to the MLS All-Star Game. We have accepted that invitation. We discussed going a week in the USA and to adhere to one, two games. The DFL has big interests that we go to the USA."
It was alleged FC Bayern would participate in the MLS All-Star Game in mid-November, but the FC Bayern CEO's words are the first admission of an extended stay in the United States.
While terrific news for the American FC Bayern contingent, this is not, well, shocking. Manchester United's trips to the US usually include one or two games outside of the MLS All-Star game. Real Madrid played four games over the past summer in the US. Considering FC Bayern spent multiple summer weeks in Trentino, the club most likely wouldn't fly to the US for a one-off against the MLS All-Stars in Portland.
In case you missed it...
A story in the Süddeutsche Zeitung indicated that Germany could adopt goal-line technology as England has over the past few months. The DFL will meet in March to discuss the issue, which became more prominent due to the Stefan Kießling goal for Bayer 04 Leverkusen against TSG 1899 Hoffenheim that resulted in three points for Bayer 04.
If there are any questions of whether FC Bayern would take Tuesday's Champions League match seriously, Pep Guardiola answered them in his press conference on Monday.
MECHANICSBURG, Ohio - If there was anything that stuck out about Bill Standley when he was alive, it was that he did things exactly the way he wanted to do them, usually while riding a motorcycle or a horse. Yesterday, his family and friends gave him a funeral fitting of that life. Instead of lying down in a casket, Standley sat astride his Harley-Davidson motorcycle in a casket made of plexiglass and plywood.
MECHANICSBURG, Ohio � Bill Standley was the kind of guy who lived life exactly the way he wanted, usually while riding a motorcycle or a horse.
He made sure his funeral would be exactly what he wanted, too.
Standley was buried yesterday straddling his Harley-Davidson motorcycle in a casket made of Plexiglas and plywood. It was a funeral he started planning 18 years ago, long before he could have known about the cancer that killed him on Sunday at age 82.
>> See photos from the service
�This was his dream,� said one of his daughters, Dorothy Brown.
David Vernon, director of the Skillman, McDonald and Vernon Funeral Home in Mechanicsburg, said that, when Standley first asked him about it, Vernon gave him one condition:
�I told him, �I have no problem doing this for you, but I don�t want you to come off that motorcycle.�?�
So Standley and his sons designed a brace that hooked into the bike and led up his back to surround his rib cage. Five years ago, Standley went before the Champaign County Board of Health, which told him he�d have to come up with a special vault and drain all the fluids out of the bike before he could be buried with it.
A company in Springfield designed a modified septic tank for a vault. He bought three plots in a cemetery outside Mechanicsburg, next to where his wife, Lorna, is buried, so there would be enough land to bury him.
Standley and his sons also designed his casket. They painted the wood bright green, like the fields Bill imagined riding through for eternity. They painted the floor black with a single white stripe, like the highway that would take him wherever he was headed after this life.
�He lived to ride,� said his son Roy Standley.
His life was the stuff of legends.
He ran away from home at 13, hopping a train and heading west to live on ranches and learn rodeo. He came back to Ohio a couple of years later, but only because he learned his parents thought he was dead.
�He knew how hard his mother would take that,� Brown said. �And he said he just couldn�t do that to her.�
By then, though, Standley had fallen in love with the road, and it wasn�t long before he was gone again.
He finally settled down for good in Mechanicsburg, though his version of settling meant motorcycle groups and long rides with Lorna, and singing George Jones songs in bars. He was blunt with everyone he met, and he cussed so much he earned the nickname �Toilet Mouth.�
But he was also loyal, and gentle with his family and friends. After Lorna died in 2003, he kept a photo of the two of them in a frame on a table next to his recliner, making sure it faced the chair so he could always see it.
�He was very old-school,� said his other daughter, Theresa Adams. And he taught his kids � two daughters, two sons � to live by a code:
�You don�t lie. You don�t steal,� Adams said. �If you can�t get what you want by working, you don�t deserve to have it.�
He also taught anyone who would listen that things didn�t always have to be what everyone expected them to be.
Take the bike he�s buried on. It�s a 1967 Harley-Davidson that he bought new and fixed when a woman crashed into the front of it with her car. He painted it a brilliant metallic turquoise out of colors he mixed himself.
He wanted to be able to say the bike had everything on it but the kitchen sink, said friend Terry Rittenhouse, so he went to the hardware store and bought bathroom fixtures and put them on the bike as finials.
�He never did anything regular,� Rittenhouse said.
So it was with his funeral.
Yesterday morning, a crane lowered his homemade casket into the ground. Bill Purk, an old friend and musician, pulled out a guitar and the crowd serenaded Standley one last time with an old George Jones song he was famous for singing in a local bar: He Stopped Loving Her Today.
larenschield@
dispatch.com
@larenschield
Jul 19th, 2017
Jul 19th, 2017
As parents, Ralph and Kathy Kelly have had to endure two of the most unimaginable tragedies.
In July 2012, the Kelly's lost their son Thomas Kelly to a vicious and unprovoked “one-punch” killing at Kings Cross. Thomas was just 18 years of age. Their other son, Stuart Kelly, took his own life four years later in July 2016. He too was just 18 years old.
Ralph and Kathy rightly state, that had Thomas not being killed in this most senseless of manners, then Stuart would still be with us today.
I can't even begin to contemplate their grief.
If I find their pain unfathomable to measure, then I cannot find the words to describe the extraordinary courage and strength they have shown, in not only dealing with the loss of their two sons, but in the selfless campaigns they have undertaken since this time to help ensure other people are never subjected to, what can only be described as, a parent's worst nightmare.
Ralph and Kathy Kelly front the media during the court case into the death of their son, Thomas. (AAP)
Several months ago, I received an email from a gentleman called Ralph Kelly, asking me if I was available to assist in an awareness program regarding mental health and youth suicide. I didn't read all the details. I passed it on to my PA Diane Langmack, asking her to reply to Ralph saying I will do whatever I can to assist.
As luck would have it, only a few days later I was in Canberra to commentate on a Raiders match, when this gentleman Ralph Kelly came up and introduced himself. He explained that he was the Ralph Kelly they had sent me an email that week. He confirmed that Diane had already been in touch and he thanked me for my prompt reply. He then asked if we could meet for coffee to discuss what his program was trying to achieve and what small part I may be able to play in helping to raise awareness.
We agreed to meet the following week in Sydney. The location was a coffee shop in Pyrmont.
Now, at this stage I have absolutely no idea that this Ralph Kelly is the father of these two boys.
We meet for coffee, exchange pleasantries, talk about the football results on the weekend, before the conversation gets around to Ralph Kelly's request.
Innocently I say, "what can I do for you Ralph?"
Calmly, yet steely-eyed, Ralph tells me the story of his two sons.
\
Stuart Kelly took his own life in 2016 after taking a brave stance in support of NSW's lockout laws. (AAP)
Can you begin to imagine how I feel, sitting there listening to this man talk about the tragedies that have befallen his family? I remembered the story. It all came flooding back to me as he spoke. I just had no idea prior to this meeting that this was "THE" Ralph Kelly.
I am trying to hold his gaze and suppress my own emotions, but as he retells the story of the loss of his sons, I can feel my heart sinking and I'm trying to stop my whole body from shaking.
I cannot begin to describe the awe in which I hold this man, as he describes the measures he and his wife Kathy have taken, to not only remember their two sons Thomas and Stuart, but the tireless work they have undertaken to try and save other families from the tragedies they have experienced.
These loving parents will never recover from the loss of their two sons. The grief never goes away. Ralph explains that the only way they can cope, is to fight for these awareness programs so that the death of their sons hopefully leads to saving others.
And we talk about footballers being tough.
The courage, conviction, and selfless goodwill of this man, left me speechless.
Following the death of his son Thomas to an unprovoked one punch killing on the streets of King's Cross, Ralph Kelly and his family became the face of the lockout laws eventually put in place by the New South Wales State Government.
Parramatta and Wests Tigers will honour the memory of Thomas and Stuart Kelly when they play at ANZ Stadium on Sunday. (AAP)
Ralph, Kathy and Stuart Kelly, started the Thomas Kelly Foundation. Through this foundation they created the “Take Kare Safe Space” program that operates in King's Cross, the Sydney CBD and Darling Harbour, every Friday and Saturday night from 10 PM until 4 AM. These safe havens have been operating since December 2014, with over 48,000 interactions on the streets. Their vision is to keep all youth safe. Their teams work to defuse violent situations before they get out of hand, stop theft, sexual assault, and to get young people home safely.
Take Kare, was spelt this way to honour the initials of their son's name, Thomas Kelly. TK.
In 2015, Stuart Kelly, the younger brother of Thomas, became the subject of vicious bullying and attacks after he gave a speech at the Take Kare Gala dinner about how alcohol-fuelled violence had torn his family apart.
This merciless bullying campaign over his support for the lockout laws, eventually pushed Stuart Kelly to take his own life. Stuart decided this world was not for him.
Unfortunately, this is our world today. It has changed so much from the world I knew was a teenager.
As a society, we are currently experiencing significant changes in social values and respect shown to others. Social media is one of the many platforms the demonstrates these behaviours.
People today can be so cruel. Through the safety and anonymity of social media platforms, cowardly types can inflict abuse, pain and suffering on others. They have no idea of the damage they are doing.
Ralph Kelly says, "Suicide itself is not a crime. But what precedes it, may just be.
"The culture of taking things on the chin can discourage youth from speaking out when they are faced with abuse and unkindness from others. It is more important than ever that we find ways to create an environment of kindness, care and empathy."
Of course, these are not the only pressures facing young people today. Youth suicide is a serious issue in society today.
Ralph explains that, "Suicide rates amongst Australian youth are increasing significantly. In 2015, 3027 people and their own lives in Australia. That's eight people every day, or one person every three hours. Over half of them did not have a mental illness or had not accessed mental health services."
We need to encourage kids to speak out and communicate their problems.
The Thomas Kelly Youth Foundation is launching the "Stay Kind" initiative (Stuart Kelly – SK – Stay Kind). The Stay Kind awareness program has been created in honour of Stuart Kelly and his continued support and kindness to his brother and others.
This Sunday at ANZ Stadium there is an extremely important football game between the West Tigers and Parramatta Eels.
It will have much more significance than just a game of football.
In partnership with the Thomas Kelly Foundation, the NRL will be using rugby league as a platform to raise awareness for an extremely important subject. We need you to support Stay Kind Day at ANZ Stadium this Sunday.
The Parramatta Eels, whose traditional colours are blue and gold, will take the blue out of their jersey for Sunday match, to represent taking "the blue out of the blues".
The Tigers major sponsor Bryden's Lawyers have kindly agreed to forgo their jersey advertising, to wear the "Stay Kind" message for the day.
In addition, Australia's five "Cross of Valour" recipients will present a bravery coined to both captains on the halfway mark just prior to the game commencement. All players taking part in this match will receive this reward.
From the Stay Kind website, we learn that through the Stay Kind Initiative, "the Kelly family wishes to encourage not only today's youth, but the entire Australian population to care for one another. As a kind, compassionate community, it's important to show empathy whilst also acknowledging and recognising that many people suffer in silence. Young people may find themselves overwhelmed by life. They feel unable to speak out or seek help for themselves to deal with these mental health issues."
Thomas Kelly lost his life after he was the victim of a one-punch attack in Kings Cross in 2012.
Do yourself a favour and access the 60 minutes program that tells the story of the Kelly family.
I wish I never had to meet Ralph Kelly. I wish we could turn back time and save Ralph, Kathy, Thomas and Stuart from the senseless tragedies.
However, having met Ralph Kelly, albeit in these most unfortunate of circumstances, I know I have been introduced to someone very special.
If Ralph and Kathy Kelly, can rise from the grief that comes with the senseless loss of their two sons, and think only of creating an environment that is both safe and kind for others, to encourage all Australians to show compassion and empathy towards each other, then surely, we all do the same.
Their message is to Stay Kind to each other. To not only ask people how they feel, but to actually listen to their response.
If we can save just one life, that would be great. But if we can save them all, that would be beautiful.
Please get to the football on Sunday and support the Stay Kind Initiative.
It is our pleasure to announce that Booking.com has donated the sum of $60,000 to the Perl Foundation to aid with further development of the Perl 5 programming language. This donation is a further contribution to the Core Maintenance Fund (P5CMF) that Booking.com has consistently supported over several years. This donation is a another step in the support that Booking.com gives to TPF and the broader Perl community.
Darren Huston, Chief Executive Officer of Booking.com, said "Perl is central to the success of Booking.com." By continuing with grants, supporting Perl community events and hackathons:
"we keep up our tradition of giving back to the community. As one of the world's largest employers of Perl developers, an investment for us into a healthy and dynamic Perl community is an investment in the future of our company and innovative web development in general."
Booking.com has also recently entered into an arrangement to continuously fund some of David Mitchell's work on the Perl 5 Core. This has a specific focus towards performance improvements and evolution of the language in line with the vision of the project leader. This future-focus secures Perl's relevance as an enterprise grade language for large web applications.
"It is always a tremendous pleasure to work with Booking.com," said Karen Pauley, President of the Perl Foundation.
"With Booking.com it goes far deeper than a desire to promote our language or support our community, it is a genuine feeling that they wish to belong which is why they involve themselves so much. They are a part of the Perl family."
Since the foundation of Booking.com, in 1996, the company has built its IT infrastructure on myriad of open source projects and products. These include Linux, MySQL, Nginx, Hadoop, and Redis to complement a strong association with the Perl programming language. Because of this, Booking.com is a keen supporter of the Perl and open source communities. As Steffen Mueller, Senior Manager for Technology and Infrastructure at Booking.com, would say:
"Developers at Booking.com are encouraged to release code to Open Source projects. Booking.com has a culture of contributing to the Open Source community. Our staff are regular attendees and speakers at Perl events, but also find themselves at non-Perl conferences. We are happy to hire talented developers from a variety of backgrounds and varying skill sets and re-train them in the Booking.com culture and Perl language."
About Booking.com
Booking.com B.V., part of the Priceline Group (Nasdaq: PCLN), owns and operates Booking.comâ„¢, the world leader in booking accommodation online. Each day, over 700,000 room nights are reserved on Booking.com. The Booking.com website and apps attract visitors from both the leisure and business sectors worldwide.
Established in 1996, Booking.com B.V. guarantees the best prices for every type of property, from small, family-run bed and breakfasts to executive apartments and five-star luxury suites. Self-catered properties are also specifically a focus of Villas.com, a sister site recently launched by Booking.com. Truly international, Booking.com is available in more than 40 languages, and offers over 537,980 properties in 207 countries.
And in the Senate, the Greens have won 14 Senate contests since they began, but even when Coalition preferences were directed to them, they never determined the result.* Greens candidate for Melbourne Adam Bandt is a strong chance to hold off Labor's Cath Bowtell, despite the Liberals pledging to preference the Greens last. Credit:Jason South Why don't Coalition preferences have a bigger impact? Three reasons. First, there are only two seats where they are likely to be distributed – Melbourne, and the inner Hobart seat of Denison, held by independent Andrew Wilkie. In 2010 the Greens came close to taking Grayndler from Deputy Prime Minister Anthony Albanese, or Sydney from Health Minister Tanya Plibersek. But the rising Liberal vote in NSW is almost certain to consign the Greens to finish third in both seats this time. Liberal preferences will not be distributed.
Second, inner city voters are independent types. A study by the Victorian Electoral Commission of voting in four inner city and four country seats at the 2006 election found that fewer than 50 per cent of voters followed their party's how to vote card. Inner city Liberals are even more individualistic. Most of them don't like head office telling them what to do; they make up their own minds. Moreover, one in five votes in Melbourne in 2010 was cast not at a polling booth, but in pre-poll, postal or absentee voting, where voters don't have how-to-vote cards to tell them what to do. In 2006, only 39 per cent of inner city Liberal voters followed the party ticket in allocating preferences – including just 30 per cent in the state seat of Melbourne. That is why the Greens narrowly lost the seat: 26 per cent of Liberals ignored the party ticket and gave their preferences to Labor. Even in 2010, when Bandt won the federal seat, 22 per cent of Liberal voters directed preferences to Labor. At the state election, Liberal head office switched sides and directed preferences to Labor. But 35 per cent of Liberal voters in the seats of Melbourne and Richmond ignored the direction, and gave their preferences to the Greens. You have to assume a similar distribution this time. If so, Labor would win the seat, based on 2010 voting, but with a majority of just 6000 votes, or 4.2 per cent. It's still a marginal seat, and it's quite possible that, with no other Lower House seats it can realistically win, the Greens could focus their resources on Melbourne and make up that margin.
The Greens are more worried about the impact of Liberal preferences favouring Labor in the Senate. Traditionally, the six Senate seats contested in each state split three-all between left and right, so that Labor and the Greens fight out the left's final seat. You would think that Liberal preferences would have a big impact in that contest. After all, 96 per cent of us vote for the party box in Senate contests, and only 4 per cent of us distribute our own Senate preferences. Yet history shows Coalition preferences have never won the Greens any seats in the past. They were almost called on in 2010, but Senator Lee Rhiannon won a quota for the Greens just before the Coalition preferences were to be counted.* In 2010, for example, the Greens won their Senate seats in Victoria and Tasmania on first preferences, and in Queensland, WA and SA at relatively early stages of the count, when the Coalition was still fighting for its final seat. To win three seats in any state, the Coalition will need to win 43 per cent of the vote. If it wins 45 per cent, for example – and in a crowded Senate contest, that will be difficult – it would be able to distribute just 2 per cent of votes as preferences.
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Peace overtures between Mike Ashley and the Labour party were rejected with a ‘don't email me personally' reply.
The Chronicle can today reveal the blunt rejection Newcastle United owner Mr Ashley handed a Labour MP attempting to draw a line under the club-versus-politicians Tyneside split.
Last autumn, Newcastle Central MP Chi Onwurah sent a personal letter to Mr Ashley in an attempt to improve relations. Her peace offering included a chance for tea in the House of Commons, in the grand settings of the historic Pugin Room.
Ms Onwurah, a great supporter of Newcastle United, was trying to build bridges with the media-shy tycoon who has set himself at odds with the Labour party after his decision to partner up with club sponsors Wonga.
Her attempts though, met with just but a one-line reply from Mr Ashley's right hand man, Lee Charnley, and a demand that the MP doesn't write to Mr Ashley anymore.
With even this snub coming four months later, Ms Onwurah says it is difficult to see any way forward.
She said: “Like many fans I have reacted with anger or dismay to so many of Mike Ashley's actions from renaming St James' Park to putting a legal loanshark on the shirt. As I say in my letter, United has a big impact on the city - our culture and economy as well as just how good we feel about ourselves.
“I don't think it's in the city's interests that United's owner should be so at odds with so many of my constituents. Banning Chronicle and the Journal from the ground makes the club even more remote from fans. I hoped that by inviting him in for tea in a neutral environment we could build a working relationship in the interests of the city and he would be less of a bogeyman. I was wrong.
“I guess now I will have to communicate with Mr Ashley from the floor of the House.”
In her letter to Mr Ashley, the would-be peace envoy said: “We have never met but I hope you know I am a great supporter of Newcastle United. More generally I seek to support businesses in my constituency and I am particularly aware of the huge impact that NUFC has on our economic, social and cultural well-being.
“Given the importance of the club to the city it is inevitable that there will be controversy and debate around its actions. It is certainly the case that debate can be as robust as any in the House of Commons.
“As the representative of so many Newcastle fans I would like to invite you to tea in the House so we can discuss concerns constructively in an agreeable environment.” But in a rather less charming reply, Ms Onwurah was simply told by Mr Charnley: “I have to advise that Mike Ashley must politely decline your invitation, and I would kindly ask that all future correspondence be directed to me here.”
Newcastle United did not reply when asked to comment.
DETROIT (AP) — A Detroit-area woman who stole nearly $280,000 from the federal government won't spend a day in prison.
Elaine Hayes was placed on supervised release, similar to probation, for three years Monday. Her mother died in 1989, but Hayes continued to collect benefits from the Social Security Administration for nearly 25 years.
In December, the 66-year-old pleaded guilty to theft of government money.
The government asked a judge Monday for some period of confinement. In a court filing, prosecutor Ryan Particka says it wasn't a “one-time lapse in judgment” for Hayes. But federal Judge George Caram Steeh declined to lock her up.
Defense attorney Marlon Evans asked for leniency, saying Hayes is in bad health with a pacemaker and diabetes.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ex-Trump Campaign Chair Paul Manafort Registers With U.S. as Foreign Agent — Like Podesta Group
Paul Manafort Joins Podestas and registers as a foreign agent.
Former Trump campaign manager registered as a foreign agent — but not for Russia– this week.
The Podesta group also registered as foreign agents in their international dealings.
The President's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, is officially registering as a foreign agent.
A spokesman for Manafort claims that he was talking with the government about registering before the recent election. He is now taking the “appropriate steps” following guidance from the government.
The Chicago Sun-Times reports:
The spokesman says Manafort's lobbying work was not conducted on behalf of the Russian government and began before Manafort started working with the Trump campaign.
The Daily Caller reported on Hillary-tied Podesta Group having to register as a foreign agent as well, but you won't hear that from the leftist media…
A spokesman for Manafort made the announcement just after the Associated Press reported that the Podesta Group has registered with the Justice Department under the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA) for work done for the European Centre between 2012 and 2014. The Podesta Group, which received $1.2 million for the work, is operated by Tony Podesta, a major Democratic donor and the brother of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. Podesta Group and Mercury Public Affairs, another lobbying firm that consulted for the European Centre, initially disclosed their work to the U.S. Senate under the Lobbying Disclosure Act. That law has fewer disclosure requirements than FARA. The Podesta Group claimed last year that it did not register under FARA because the firm was assured by its partners that the European Centre was not working for or on behalf of a foreign government. But a spokeswoman for the Podesta Group now tells the Associated Press that the firm is registering under FARA because of “information brought to light in recent months.” This is not the first time the Podesta Group has been forced to register retroactively under FARA. The firm registered under FARA in November for work it did for the Indian government in 2014 and 2015. Emails hacked from John Podesta's Gmail account showed that Tony Podesta asked for help for a representative of the Indian government.
Make Trump feel loved again.
Donald Trump will soon embark on a “victory tour” of the states that backed him on Election Day, a campaign aide told reporters on Thursday.
“We're working on a victory tour now; it will happen in the next couple of weeks,” George Gigicos, the campaign's advance team director, told pool reporters. The tour will send the president-elect “obviously to the states that we won and the swing states we flipped over,” Gigicos added.
Last week, the New York Times reported that Trump intended to continue giving large rallies as president, so as to enjoy the “instant gratification and adulation that the cheering crowds provide.”
But even in light of that reporting, this “victory tour” proposal seems bizarre. For one thing, Trump is already months behind on staffing his White House, and the first week of his postelection transition efforts was characterized by infighting, purges, and chaos. Traveling the country in search of validating applause really shouldn't be on the top of the president-elect's list of priorities.
Beyond that, Trump spent the final, triumphant night of his historically divisive campaign promising to reach out to his detractors and unify the nation.
“I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all Americans, and this is so important to me,” Trump said in his victory speech. “For those who have chosen not to support me in the past, of which there were a few people, I'm reaching out to you for your guidance and your help so that we can work together and unify our great country.”
It's hard to see how going on a tour of the country — that deliberately bypasses every state that voted for Hillary Clinton — will help Trump show that he's the president for all Americans.
Portuguese newspaper A Bola have a huge piece in their Sunday edition on Manchester United and Renato Sanches. It's on the front page and inside cover, and the gist is that Manchester United have made it known they're willing to pay €50m (£40m at today's exchange rates) for the 18 year old midfielder, with talks continuing to find a solution.
Benfica are said to want a total of €60m, and so the old €40m plus €20m figures are touched upon again, with A Bola suggesting Benfica would accept something which saw the majority of the bonuses realistically achievable, although it's accepted that some of the bonuses would be hard to achieve.
Manchester United watched Benfica against Braga on Friday evening, and have sent scouts to monitor the club's games repeatedly this season. Renato Sanches is having a breakthrough season with Benfica and is now expected to go to Euro 2016 with Portugal.
It must be made clear that, despite claims suggesting otherwise in the British media, there is absolutely no suggestion in Portugal that Benfica would require Manchester united, or anyone else for that matter, to pay the youngster's full release clause of €80m. That simply isn't something even being mentioned in the detailed articles, and therefore can probably be dismissed.
A Bola believe a deal is edging ever closer.
Facebook Will Reportedly Shift Privacy Policy To 'Opt In' — Not 'Opt Out'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Darren McCollester/Getty Images Darren McCollester/Getty Images
Facebook moving toward changing its policy about privacy settings, abandoning an "opt-out" approach for one in which its members would have to "opt in" to allow strangers to see personal information stored on their profile pages, according to reports.
The shift is seen as a response to the Federal Trade Commission's accusation that the social media network deceived its members when it changed its policies in 2009.
Neither the FTC nor Facebook has commented on or confirmed the possible settlement, which was first reported in The Wall Street Journal. Citing people "familiar with the situation," The Journal reports:
"The proposed settlement – which is awaiting final approval from the agency commissioners – would require Facebook to obtain 'express affirmative consent' if Facebook makes 'material retroactive changes,' some of the people said."
The Los Angeles Times has confirmed the report — and noted that Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg discussed privacy at length during a recent interview conducted by Charlie Rose, on PBS.
On its website, Facebook has long offered ways to customize one's privacy settings. But many users complained that requiring people to tighten privacy settings after their information had been revealed on the Internet was like closing the door after the digital horse had run out of the virtual barn.
The settlement would likely end the FTC's case that began back in 2009, when Facebook made large portions of its members' profile pages public --- including photos, personal data and lists of friends — until they changed their settings to hide those elements.
When it took effect, the change even sparked a short series of reports here at NPR, called The End of Privacy.
As Todd Wasserman writes at Mashable, "Under the agreement, Facebook would need to submit to independent privacy audits for 20 years, according to the report. Google agreed to similar terms in March, when it settled with the FTC" over concerns about its "Buzz" feature.
"The Mystery of Marie Rogêt" The Ladies' Companion, November, 1842, Vol. 18, No. 1, New York. Author Edgar Allan Poe Country United States Language English Genre(s) Detective fiction
Short story Publisher Snowden's Ladies' Companion, William W. Snowden Publication date 1842
"The Mystery of Marie Rogêt", often subtitled A Sequel to "The Murders in the Rue Morgue", is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe written in 1842. This is the first murder mystery based on the details of a real crime. It first appeared in Snowden's Ladies' Companion in three installments, November and December 1842 and February 1843. Poe referred to it as one of his "tales of ratiocination".[1]
Plot summary [ edit ]
1853 illustration for "The Mystery of Marie Rogêt"
Poe's detective character C. Auguste Dupin and his assistant, the unnamed narrator, undertake the unsolved murder of Marie Rogêt in Paris. The body of Rogêt, a perfume shop employee, is found in the Seine, and the press takes a keen interest in the mystery. Dupin remarks that the newspapers "create a sensation ... [rather] than to further the cause of truth". Even so, he uses the newspaper reports getting into the mind of the murderer.
Dupin rejects the popular theory blaming the murder on a gang of ruffians seen in the area around the time of Roget's disappearance. One of such a group, he reasons, would have certainly confessed to the crime due to fear of betrayal rather than a bothered conscience.
Using the known facts in the case, Dupin further determines that a single murderer was involved. This person was probably a sailor, and dragged the victim by the cloth belt around her waist at first, then switched to a cloth around her neck, before dumping the body off a boat into the river. Finding the boat, Dupin suggests, will lead the police to the murderer.
Origins [ edit ]
The narrative is based upon the actual murder of Mary Cecilia Rogers.[2] Rogers was presumably born in Lyme, Connecticut, in 1820, though her birth records have not survived.[3] She disappeared on October 4, 1838, in New York City. Working at a tobacco shop, she was regarded as attractive by the male clientele and thus and became known as the "Beautiful Cigar Girl". Only a few days later the newspapers announced her return. It was said she had eloped with a naval officer. Three years later, on July 25, 1841, she disappeared again. Her body was found floating in the Hudson River on July 28 in Hoboken, New Jersey.[4] The details surrounding the case suggested she was murdered. The death of this well-known woman received national attention for weeks. Months later, the inquest still ongoing, her fiancé was found dead, an act of suicide. By his side, a remorseful note and an empty bottle of poison were found.
Writing about Rogers as a sequel to "The Murders in the Rue Morgue", Poe tried to solve the aforementioned enigma by creating a murder mystery. As Poe wrote in a letter in 1842: "under the pretense of showing how Dupin ... unravelled the mystery of Marie's assassination, I, in fact, enter into a very rigorous analysis of the real tragedy in New York."[5] He situated the narrative in Paris using the details of the original tragedy. Although there was intense media interest and immortalizing of a sort by Poe, the crime remains one of the most puzzling unsolved murders of New York City.
Fictionalizing actual events, especially murder, was common in this period in American literature. Poe had previously fictionalized the so-called Beauchamp–Sharp Tragedy in his only play, Politian, which was left uncompleted in 1835.[6] The sensational murder story was also fictionalized by several other writers including William Gilmore Simms and Thomas Holley Chivers.[7] "The Mystery of Marie Rogêt", however, was likely the first real-life crime turned into a detective story.[8][9]
Publication history [ edit ]
Poe presented "The Mystery of Marie Rogêt" by telling editors he had solved the Mary Rogers murder at a time when most readers would know the details of that event.[10] Anxious to get it published, he offered the story to George Roberts of the Boston Notion, writing on June 4, 1842, "For reasons, however, which I need not specify, I am desirous of having this tale printed in Boston."[11] The same day, however, he offered the story to Joseph Evans Snodgrass of the Baltimore Saturday Visiter.[11]
The first part of the serialized story finally appeared in Snowden's Ladies' Companion in November 1842, followed by the second part in December, published in New York by William W. Snowden. An article published in the November 26, 1842, issue of the New York Tribune caused Poe to delay publication of the third installment. The newspaper reported new evidence that suggested that Rogers, the real-life victim, may have died from a botched abortion attempt, referred to as a "premature delivery".[12] He made minor changes in his story to make a similar suggestion. A full reprint of the story in 1845 included 15 small changes to suggest he had known this true cause from the start.[13]
Critical response [ edit ]
Of Poe's three tales of ratiocination, "The Mystery of Marie Rogêt" is generally considered the least successful. A modern critic wrote:
It might better be called an essay than a story. As an essay, it is an able if tedious exercise in reasoning. As a story, it scarcely exists. It has no life-blood. The characters neither move nor speak.... Only a professional student of analytics or an inveterate devotee of criminology can read it with any degree of unfeigned interest.[14]
Poe's literary rival Rufus Wilmot Griswold, however, voiced a high opinion of the story and considered it an example of Poe's cunning intellect.[15] Charles Baudelaire considered this tale as "a masterpiece, a wonder".[16]
Film adaptation [ edit ]
In 1942 Universal Pictures produced the gothic mystery film The Mystery of Marie Roget based on the Poe story. Directed by Phil Rosen, the film starred Patric Knowles, Maria Ouspenskaya and Maria Montez.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
PREV NEXT Order Prints
WASHINGTON — Hard-nosed interrogators who say they've thwarted terror attacks in the United States by extracting key information from suspects have a message for Donald Trump, the Republican front-runner, who's vowing to bring back waterboarding and even harsher questioning techniques if elected president:
Don't do it.
Trump has become famous this campaign season for making incendiary statements, from accusing Mexican immigrants of being rapists to urging a ban on all Muslims entering the country. But his recent pledge to return “enhanced interrogation techniques” to the methods U.S. interrogators can employ has sent ripples across the country's close-knit circle of forensic psychologists, intelligence analysts and terror experts inside the government and beyond.
Trump made the pledge in an exchange on combating terrorism during a Republican debate in New Hampshire last Saturday, three days before that state's first-in-the-nation primary, which the New York billionaire won going away.
“I'd bring back waterboarding, and I'd bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding,” Trump said.
His justification, he explained, was the brutal murders executed by the Islamic State and other jihadist groups.
“In the Middle East, we have people chopping the heads off Christians, we have people chopping the heads off many other people,” Trump said. “Not since medieval times have people seen what's going on.”
The audience of Republican activists applauded Trump's stance, but it caused dismay among experts.
“I'm not really surprised because Mr. Trump is just catering to his voters,” Ali Soufan, a pioneering former FBI interrogator who in Senate testimony in May 2009 accused the CIA of having lied about the success of its brutal techniques, told McClatchy. “He appears to be running on a war-crimes platform. This is possible because, unfortunately, no one has been held accountable for our past torture, and when you don't have people being held accountable, others are going to repeat it.”
Soufan, a Lebanese-American who as an FBI agent went undercover to investigate al-Qaida and was the lead investigator into the bombing of the USS Cole and 9/11, now runs the Soufan Group, a New York-based company that advises corporations and governments on security.
Maria Hardwig, a psychology professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice just blocks from Trump Tower in midtown Manhattan, said Trump's debate comments alarmed her.
“I think it's disgraceful and worrisome,” said Hardwig, a leading academic expert on police and intelligence interrogations. “It betrays a complete lack of understanding about the nature of intelligence-gathering. Torture, in short, has repeatedly been categorized by professional interrogators as an amateur approach. It's simply not an effective way of getting diagnostic information.”
President Barack Obama formally ended the use of torture in the anti-terror fight with an executive order issued Jan. 22, 2009, two days after he took office. Obama's order halted the CIA's Rendition, Detention and Interrogation program that had permitted waterboarding, forced “rectal rehydration,” sexual humiliation and other techniques documented in a December 2014 Senate report.
Seven years after Obama's order, the specter of past torture still haunts the country.
The trial before a military commission at the Guantanamo Bay detention center in Cuba of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and other alleged Sept. 11 plotters has been delayed for years because of their defense lawyers' claims that their confessions and other evidence against them is fatally tainted by how they were treated at CIA “black sites” in foreign lands.
In the days since Trump's public support for waterboarding and other forceful ways of questioning terror suspects, the Obama administration has waged a quiet counter-campaign against any attempt to re-legitimize such abusive techniques.
In a rare move to discuss a classified program, the FBI called in reporters for sit-down interviews with the head of a little-known initiative named the High Value Detainee Interrogation Group, called HIG by intelligence insiders.
“Everything that we do, all the techniques that we employ and train, are humane, lawful and based on the world-class research that we're doing,” Frazier Thompson, the group's director, told McClatchy on Wednesday. “And what that world-class research says and has shown to us is that the rapport-based techniques will elicit more credible intelligence and evidence than any other type of technique. So that's how we operate.”
The same Obama executive order that ended the torture techniques set up a task force to examine the most effective ways of interrogating and detaining terror suspects.
Seven months later, in August 2009, that task force issued recommendations. Forming the HIG program, set up the following year, was a key suggestion.
“There is no tension between strengthening our national security and meeting our commitment to the rule of law, and these new policies will accomplish both,” then-Attorney General Eric Holder said in disclosing the task force findings.
Administered by the FBI, the HIG group reports to the chiefs of that law enforcement agency, the CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Pentagon's main espionage arm.
Citing the need to protect its members' identities and its methods, Thompson declined to provide examples of the HIG group's operations beyond saying he's sent 34 interrogation teams on missions around the world to question people thought to have significant ties to, or knowledge of, terrorist groups.
The teams consist of one to six or more people, among them the best-trained interrogators, linguists, intelligence analysts and “subject-matter experts” on the individual to be questioned and the terror organization to which he has ties. The missions have produced actionable intelligence, Thompson said, but he declined to provide details.
The FBI executive, however, pushed back at some media depictions of rapport-based interrogation as a “soft” approach toward suspected bad guys.
“Some see rapport as being friends and being able to have a good time together,” Thompson said. “Well, that's not rapport to me. Rapport is having an ability to have a two-way conversation between two individuals. It doesn't mean you like me or I like you. But we're being, to some degree and level, honest with each other and at least willing to talk with each other.”
Mark Fallon, a former senior official in the Department of Homeland Security who now heads the HIG program's advisory research committee, also endorsed the approach, saying recent scientific research has proved what seasoned interrogators have known for years: rapport-based techniques produce much better intelligence than coercion.
Fallon, who helped lead the prosecution of Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, the Egyptian-born “Blind Sheik” convicted of helping to plan the 1993 World Trade Center bombings, cited a recent study showing that physically forceful questioning impedes the memory of the person being interrogated.
“It's a fact that interrogation professionals have known for years, and now the science has validated it,” Fallon said. “A rapport-based approach is the most effective in obtaining accurate and reliable information.”
In early February Andrei Yurov, a Moscow Helsinki Group expert and member of Vladimir Putin's Council for Human Rights, was barred from entering Ukraine by the country's border officials. On 25 February, however, after Victor Yanukovych left Kyiv for Russia and Ukraine got its new interim government, the security service withdrew its ban on Yurov's entry.
But now, after Russia has annexed Crimea and continues to mass troops and military hardware near the Ukrainian border, Ukraine's border and security officials are applying a much wider restrictive policy on Russians entering the country, particularly male Russians of military age (18-55 years) and Russian journalists.
At the end of March Border Service officers at Kyiv's Borispol airport refused me entry to Ukraine, simply as a Russian of military age. Their formal reason for this was that in the course of a two minute interview with the chief duty officer I couldn't prove that I was visiting Ukraine on a private visit to friends.
Over the last few weeks Ukraine's border service has deported, or turned back at the border, hundreds of Russian citizens (one border officer even told me that up to 600 Russians were denied entry on one day). They won't reveal the exact number, but cite a range of reasons, from the visitor's having insufficient funds to their carrying metal or rubber sticks, masks or camouflage gear (for fairness' sake it must be said that the Russians also turn back Ukrainians on various similar pretexts). But in most cases the real reason is simply that that a person is a citizen of Russia, the country that the new Ukrainian government believes has annexed Crimea.
Border Service officers make no distinction between ‘Kremlin propagandists' and reporters working for independent media.
Russian journalists fall into a separate category of people to be refused entry, and the border guards make no distinction between ‘Kremlin propagandists' and reporters working for the independent media: almost all Russian journalists are undesirables by definition.
I travelled to Ukraine entirely for private reasons, so during my interview I didn't produce my press card, though this would have revealed me to be a correspondent for an international broadcaster which could never be described as a tool of the Kremlin.
But even hiding my profession and employer made no difference. Guards marched me and one other undesirable, a Russian who told me he had been living in Ukraine for more than ten years, to Borispol's transit zone, to await a return journey on the first flight out by the airline that had brought us to Kyiv. Since in my case that meant an overnight wait, I had twenty four hours to languish in the transit zone under the watchful eyes of the guards, who also accompanied me to the toilets and the shop.
An information war?
Since the Russian state media misrepresent what is happening in Ukraine, many Ukrainians support the action of the border officers who have been turning back film crews from all the national Russian TV channels and other media outlets under Kremlin control. For example, on the day I was refused entry they also sent back a reporter from the REN TV channel [one of the largest private federal TV channels in Russia] and two correspondents from the government-owned Russkaya Gazeta newspaper.
The official website of Ukraine's State Border Service gives its reasons: ‘Some representatives of the Russian media visiting Ukraine behave in a provocative manner and fail to comply with Ukrainian law; their reports give a distorted picture of events.' An example given is the behaviour of reporters from Russian state-owned NTV, whose 2012 ‘documentary', 'Anatomy of a Protest' was a hatchet job against opponents of the Kremlin that caused public outrage when it was broadcast. They have more recently produced a similarly derogatory take on recent events in Kyiv entitled ‘The Technology of the Maidan'.
In one incident, according to the Border Service site, NTV journalists working in a border zone ‘stirred up local residents to obstruct our border patrols so that they couldn't monitor what the film crew was shooting.' And in another, in the Donetsk region near Ukraine's eastern border with Russia, NTV journalists ‘filmed, without permission, a stretch of border and its attendant infrastructure' and again incited local people to obstruct border patrols.
According to the Border Service, NTV journalists working in a border zone ‘stirred up local residents to obstruct our border patrols'.
‘Basically it's people from Russia we're trying to keep out, not journalists as such', said a rank and file Border Service officer that I managed to talk to at Borispol. ‘Journalists from other countries can come in without any problem.'
But not all Russian journalists work for NTV. One of the last to be refused entry was Andrei Kolesnikov, an experienced Kremlin-watcher with the leading business daily Kommersant, who along with a photo-journalist from the same paper was taken off a train at Kharkiv when trying to enter Ukraine.
On the same day Svetlana Reiter, a well known investigative journalist who recently left online newspaper Lenta.ru with other staff members after its owners sacked the editor-in-chief, and now works for RBC TV, Russia's only 24 hour business news channel, also had problems crossing the border. She and photographer Dennis Sinyakov (one of the Arctic Sunrise Greenpeace hostages last autumn) managed however to get across.
I too got lucky: after waiting in the transit zone for ten hours I was allowed into Ukraine. During that time I was helped by Ukrainian civil rights activists at the ‘No Borders' NGO and Centre for Civil Liberties, which, among other things, coordinates the EuromaidanSOS and CrimeaSOS initiatives that collect and disseminate information about human rights infringements and had read my Facebook post about my little difficulty.
It took the intervention of senior Ukrainian diplomats to get me in.
The absurd part of it all, however, was that it took the intervention of senior Ukrainian diplomats to sort it out. A friend of mine who works as a journalist in New York met Yuri Sergeyev, Ukraine's UN ambassador, at the UN headquarters – the Security Council was due to meet that day for more discussion of the Ukraine and Crimea situation – and showed him my Facebook post. Sergeyev phoned some Deputy Foreign Minister in Kyiv, who then contacted the Border Service. And suddenly the border was open and my passport was stamped. ‘You were lucky, though', a Foreign Ministry official (who wished to remain anonymous) told me. ‘The Ministry can't intervene to influence decisions taken by the Border Service'.
Crimean complications
Meanwhile a film crew from the TV programme ‘The Week with Marianna Maksimovskaya', regarded as the last bastion of sanity on national Russian television, was turned back from Odessa because it had visited occupied Crimea, 200 or so miles to the east along the Black Sea Coast. The Ukrainian government considers entry into Crimea through a Russian controlled border an infringement of Ukrainian law.
The journalists argued that their visit had taken place before Russian annexation, at a time when the crossing was still controlled by the Ukrainian Border Service. This body then looked into the question and concluded that reporter Roman Super hadn't been refused entry to Ukraine at all - it was he who had refused to enter the country and had flown back to Moscow of his own accord – and that the ban on entry only applied to his cameraman.
Maksimovskaya says however that several film crews from her show have been refused entry and that she has even written to Ukrainian PM Arseny Yatseniuk about it. Kyiv journalist Pavel Sheremet told me about another incident when a crew from ‘The Week' had problems on the border, although admittedly it was the reporter who brought it on himself: during his interview with a Border Service officer he joked that his reason for visiting Ukraine was to ‘receive separatist instructions from MP Oleg Tsaryov' [a Party of Regions candidate in the forthcoming presidential election].
Tightening the rules
Ukraine recently listed 100 high-ranking Russians who voted for troops to be sent into Crimea and are now barred entry to Ukraine. They include Deputy Speaker of the Duma Vladimir Zhirinovsky and presidential aide Sergei Glazyev. President Putin himself was also said to be on the list.
Since 7 April, Russian citizens are allowed to spend only 90 days in Ukraine within 180 days after their first date of entry. The Ukrainian government has introduced this rule in response to a similar restriction imposed on Ukrainians by the Russian government on 1 January 2014.
‘We'll probably be introducing a visa system', said my Border Service officer at Borispol airport.
The Ukrainians had already tightened border controls in other ways: for example, foreigners entering the country must bring with them the equivalent of at least £55 per day to cover their expenses, plus enough for an extra five days, as well as a letter of guarantee from their hosts, a formal invitation, a hotel booking and so on. ‘We'll probably be introducing a visa system', said my Border Service officer at Borispol.
This is something the Ukrainian government talked about earlier, but the interim government has been in no hurry to implement it. It's waiting for Russia to make the first move to introduce visas, and will then take reciprocal action.
Do you want to spice up your brew day? We've looked at ways to get all types of flavors from hops, yeast, and grain, but sometimes it's fun to add a little something extra. Belgians have been using orange peel and coriander in their wheat beers for centuries. In the United States, the winter season brings dark strong beer with aromas of pumpkin pie or cinnamon apples. Today, we're going to look at the best way for homebrewers to use spices in their creations to create balanced and delicious beer.
Some spices contribute their best flavor when added to the boil. In this case, put the spice in a mesh hop bag and add it 10 minutes from the end of the boil. For a more subtle character, reduce the time to 5 minutes before the end of the boil, or even right as you remove the wort from heat. If the spice is a pod or a seed, giving it a little crush with a rolling pin is enough to extract the flavor. It's not necessary to grind the spices into powder.
Adding spices to secondary fermentation is also common, and the cooler extraction can provide a different flavor profile. These spice additions are often just poured into the secondary fermentation vessel two to ten days before bottling. For sanitation, let the spices soak in just enough vodka to cover them for 30 minutes before adding to the secondary. Pour the entire solution into the fermentor, since a lot of flavors will have already been extracted by the vodka.
Here's my guide to a few common brewing spices (and how to use them)—but don't feel tied down by this list! Coming up with new additions and ways to use them is a great way to express your creativity through your homebrew.
Peppercorns produce a wonderful flavor when used in Saisons, but I've even tasted a Pale Ale homebrew with an excellent pepper character. To get a clean flavor profile, try a single variety of peppercorn, such as green, pink or white. For a 5 gallon batch, half a teaspoon at the very end of the boil is enough to get a subtle flavor, and 1 teaspoon will allow the character to shine through.
Cinnamon Sticks are the perfect addition for a Winter Warmer or Holiday Ale. The distinct flavor is enough to stand on it's own, but it also combines well with orange peel, vanilla or Seeds of Paradise. Since this is a bark, adding it to the boil will extract puckering tannins. Instead, add 2 to 4 sticks to the secondary fermentation vessel for at least a week.
Orange Peel is a dried spice often added to Belgian Witbier along with coriander. The fruit flavor also combines well with coffee, chocolate or roasty flavors in Porters and Stouts. Homebrew shops typically carry sweet and bitter orange peel varieties. The sweet peel will give a flavor similar to Grand Marnier, while the bitter version is more of a dry orange flavor. Heat will give the best flavor extraction, so add 1/2 to 1 ounce of peel about 10 minutes before the end of the boil.
Oak Chips or Cubes are designed to mimic the barrel aged character of some commercial beers. Oak can be used in everything from Stouts to English IPAs with success. Start with 1 to 2 ounces in secondary, boiling the chips or cubes for 10 minutes to sanitize. With this ingredient in particular, it's important to taste a sample every few days to know when to remove the beer from the wood. For lighter beers, a week might impart enough oak character, but stronger brews may need a few weeks. One variation when using oak is to soak the cubes or chips in bourbon for a week before adding them to secondary. This will give a "bourbon barrel aged" character when added to Imperial stouts or porters.
Coriander seed provides a complex nutty and citrus flavor that works particularly well in lighter beer styles. Combined with dried orange peel, it makes the spicy character found in Belgian Witbier. The dried seeds should be lightly crushed before use. I usually put them in a Ziploc bag and go over them with a rolling pin a few times to get the right crush. Typically, 1 ounce is added during the last 10 minutes of the boil.
Cocoa Nibs add a dry chocolate flavor to stouts, porters and some Belgian ales. The nibs produce a stronger chocolate character than you can get with dark malted grains alone. I add 4 to 6 ounces of nibs to the secondary for about a week, but letting them sit longer than that will not produce off-flavors. A few ounces of cocoa nibs can also be added to the last 10 minutes of the boil to get a bitter chocolate flavor.
Seeds of Paradise are a zippy, peppery spice used in special Belgian ales and holiday beers. In some ways they taste similar to peppercorns, but with a noticeably brighter flavor. These seeds may be small, but they are very potent. Use 1/4 teaspoon maximum, five minutes before the end of the boil. If you're making a lighter beer, try 1/8 of a teaspoon; it should still contribute a good flavor. Seeds of Paradise can be tough to crush by hand. If you don't own a mortar and pestle, clean out a coffee grinder and spin them around a couple of times to break them open.
Salt is a very unusual beer spice, and should be used with great restraint after careful recipe formulation. Gose from Leipzig, Germany is a refreshing wheat beer uses the salt along with coriander to balance out its naturally present lactic acid sourness. If you are making a sour wheat beer and you want to experiment with salt additions, add no more than 1/4 teaspoon of high quality salt at the very end of the boil.
Vanilla Bean produces beautiful, creamy vanilla flavors in everything from Imperial stouts to experimental IPAs. The beans are best used in secondary fermentation, where the alcohol present can help pull out the vanilla flavors. As with oak chips, you should taste homebrews with vanilla every other day to determine an acceptable level of vanilla flavor. For dark and strong beers I recommend starting with two beans, split along the edge—you should get good vanilla flavor in about a week of soaking. Vanilla is also a great complementary flavor, combining it with sweet orange peel in an Imperial porter makes a delicious specialty beer.
Do you have a favorite homebrew recipe that uses spices? Tell us about it!
More Homebrewing
Introduction to Mashing and All-Grain Brewing »
Identifying Off-Aromas in Beer »
How To Clear Your Beer »
Carbonation and Bottling »
Troubleshooting Poor Head Retention »
How to Make A Yeast Starter »
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
( Warning : PBE Content is tentative and subject to change - what you see below may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers at the end of the cycle! Manage your expectations accordingly.)
Table of Contents
New Summoner Icons
Miscellaneous
The 2016 OMG icon was also updated, logo is slightly larger.
Balance Changes * Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical or experimental changes. Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that didn't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle! These are not official notes.
*: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical or experimental changes. Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that didn't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle! These areofficial notes.
Champions
Gatling Gun (E)
Armor / MR reduction is changed to flat 10/15/20/25/30 from 20%-28%.
Now requires 8 hits to reduce resistances from 4.
[ NOTE : Gatling Gun has significant changes in a previous PBE patch this cycle, switching to large chunk of armor/mr reduction after X hits from a stacking reduction per hit.]
Inspire (E)
Shield value lowered to 70/100/130/160/190 from 80/110/140/170/200
to 70/100/130/160/190 from 80/110/140/170/200
Can no longer shield minions. *
Mantra Bonus - Defiance (R+E) now has same movement speed as E shield (40/45/50/55/60%) instead of 60%.*
Pounce / Bushwack (W) pouncing on a hunted target now [slows by 50% for .5 seconds] instead of [putting pounce on a 3 second cooldown]
Threaded Volley (Q) cooldown increased to 12/10.5/9/7.5/6 from 10/8.5/7/5.5/4
[ Tooltip a little messed up - obviously not 0.45% percent and missing a word near 25% ]
Tumble (Q)
Damage REVERTED to 30/35/40/45/50% of total attack damage from 30/40/50/60/70%
to 30/35/40/45/50% of total attack damage from 30/40/50/60/70%
"Q crit is only rolled once now"*
"To clarify, Q bonus damage and AA crit chances were rolled separately. Now it's done once. If you crit, it all crits."**
"Q consumed on Towers"*
Final Hour (R) grants 25 range*
grants 25 range* [ Manwolfaxeboss noted he is likely pulling this one. Not represented on tooltip.]
Twisted Treeline
Lord Van Damm's Pillager
[May be more changes, hold up. Remember it has a new passive and stats on PBE!]
Cost increased to 3300 from 3000
Health lowered to 300 from 400
Today's update includes ELEVEN PROJECT themed summoner icons to go along with the upcoming, andskins. No details yet on availability / pricing.
Don't be surprised to see the forecast for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers' offence to call for a little more Thunder and Lightning in the coming weeks.
While the offence seems to be taking some strides forward through four weeks of the season, it's become apparent that the one aspect of it that needs to find another level is the running game, which is currently ranks seventh in the CFL at 90.8 yards per game.
“We'd like to get it going better, but I think it's going to happen,” said Blue Bombers quarterback Drew Willy. “We're close on a lot of different things. We feel confident that we have the guys to be able to do it.”
Willy is moving the ball efficiently through the air, but Paris Cotton has only hit the century mark on the ground once so far, that coming in the season opener when he had 108 yards on 13 carries against the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
“You see signs on some plays where ‘wow it looks great' and then when you scrutinize the film, it's a different thing on a lot of plays,” said Blue Bombers head coach Mike O'Shea. “But it's one thing and it sometimes doesn't allow you to get the run started. We're committed to running the ball, but we also understand that we're going to do whatever it takes in any certain game or in any one game to win the game and if the running game isn't going in that game, we'll have to find another way to win.”
Cotton has shown flashes of the guy who took over the starting tailback job last season and managed a pair of 100-yard games, including a season-high 131 yards against the B.C. Lions in October.
Last week, Cotton rushed 10 times for 56 yards (including a 29-yard run) and has 42 carries for 230 yards this season, for an average of 5.5 yards per carry with one touchdown.
Cotton has been a threat out of the backfield in the passing game though, with 12 catches for 125 yards and one touchdown.
So, what's it going to take for the Blue Bombers to find another level in the rushing game?
“Execution, that's all,” said Cotton. “Everybody doing their job to the best of their abilities and it's going to turn out the way we want it to turn out. It's the pros, you see holes and they close up fast. It's normal.
“It's only a matter of time. With this offensive line and with this offence, with all of us going, we'll be fine. We're a good offence and we're striving to be a great offence. Once we get to that level, we're going to be unstoppable.”
Cameron Marshall brings more of a powerful running style and is tied for the league lead with three touchdowns this season, two coming on the ground and another through the air.
But he has only 14 carries for 45 yards to go along with a 3.2 yards per carry average.
“We've done a lot of good things, but there are still some things we need to work on,” said Marshall. “I'm happy with our progress and I see what we're capable of doing. I'm excited to reach our potential. We've just got to make plays and that's everywhere. The pass helps the run and the run helps the pass. If we make plays an offence, then we won't have anything to worry about.
“It's easy to say that we want to rush for 100 yards every week, but these guys on the other team get paid too. There are good players everywhere. We're looking forward to building on what we've put out so far and keep moving forward.”
One thing is certain.
For the Blue Bombers to be a threat in the West Division, they'll need the offensive line to open up some more holes and the duo of Cotton and Marshall to burst through them.
“We also understand what division we're in and how much these outdoor games in November require the running game, so we're committed to it,” said O'Shea, who was then asked if he sees progress in the running game. “Oh yeah. Not as much as we'd like, not as fast as we'd like. We'd like more production, more consistent production.”
Once that production is there on a more consistent basis, the Blue Bombers offence will be that much more difficult to defend.
ken.wiebe@sunmedia.ca
Twitter.com/WiebeSunSports
________________________________________
Stephen Cohen
Sex.com thief
Stephen Michael Cohen, born 23 February 1948, is, quite simply, the perfect conman. Tough, smart, streetwise, charming and utterly ruthless, he was born with a gift for communication.
His mind is a constant whirl of ideas and plans, yet he always appears fascinated by what you have to tell him. People pour out details and he listens in rapt attention yet before you know it you are always listening to him talking about his plans.
In short, he has charisma. Even those who have most reason to hate him find themselves with a grudging respect for his relentless pursuit of life. "He's a real character," is always the response when people are first asked about him, always with a hint of admiration. One of his lawyers throughout the Sex.com case, Bob Dorband, remarked that Cohen possesses the most incredible, unstoppable optimism he has ever seen, even at the worst of times.
But Cohen had a troubled childhood. Born and raised in a well-off district of Los Angeles, he attended the same high school as inventors of the Internet, Vint Cerf, Jon Postel and Steve Crocker. But it all turned upside down when his father - an accountant - left the family and moved to Las Vegas with his secretary. Living with his mother and two older sisters, Cohen was in dire need of a father figure. He didn't work hard, dropped out, and left with a poor education, something that would haunt him for the rest of his life.
Then the 1960s sexual revolution washed ashore. Easy and uncomplicated sex became a lightning rod for Cohen's passions and created a way of life that was never to leave him. Cohen had difficulty forming emotional attachments, driven instead by lust. It ended up in four broken marriages and a lifelong swinging lifestyle.
To finance the successful life Cohen felt he was due, but without the education to get a good job, he used his confidence and intelligence to con people. At first, he cashed worthless cheques but having been caught several times, despite some imaginative variations, he started looking at other scams. The brush with the courts awakened an interest in law, and he took a law course and worked as a paralegal, but Cohen's taste for scams was greater. "He'd do it for free," confided someone who has observed Cohen at close quarters for years. "The money is just a bonus."
Cohen used his legal knowledge and a recently acquired understanding of company law to devise elaborate scams without getting caught, and was very successful.
He also found a third passion in life (adding to sex and fraud) - computers, and was soon running his own earlier version of the Internet - a private computer network called a Bulletin Board System (BBS) - which he used as an extension of his swinging lifestyle. That would quickly tie in with a real-world business that Cohen established and ran - a swingers' club in the plush Cowan Heights area of Los Angeles.
The Club, as it was known, saw Cohen in court but he beat the prosecution. At the time, he was also being sued by, among others, Microsoft for offering pirated software on his BBS. But it was his pretence as a bankruptcy lawyer that finally saw him jailed for four years for fraud.
In prison, he met Marshall Zolp who had run some of the most infamous stock scams of the 1980s. Zolp taught Cohen all about stock scams and shell companies - companies in nothing but name, with no employees or products - while Cohen returned the favour with information on law and bankruptcy. The two would work together for years afterwards in a series of scams, including getting millions of dollars in income from the Sex.com domain, which Cohen stole in September 1995, offshore.
Cohen called his favourite company (he incorporated dozens) Ynata, which he proudly announced stood for "You'll Never Amount To Anything". It was a taunt straight from his childhood.
Nevertheless, for all Cohen's bravado, cheek and enjoyment at pulling off scams, he remains a lonely man. Despite everyone admiring his front, one thing becomes clear the more you speak to those who come across Stephen Cohen in life: it is always he that calls them and never the other way around.
I found this out at 3am one morning. Cohen called me out of the blue after I'd left requests to talk to him. He said he wasn't interested in being interviewed and refused a face-to-face meeting, but that he would like to put his side of the story. And he's utterly believable. Engaging, witty, and with a dozen excellent stories to tell. At the time he claimed to be living in a $14 million mansion "somewhere between St. Tropez and Monaco", which turned out to be Monte Carlo, although he continued to spend most of his time in Tijuana, just a few miles from the US border.
In was in Tijuana on 27 October 2005 that Stephen Cohen was finally arrested and transported back to the US, having been officially classed as a fugitive since May 2001. He currently sits in jail in San Jose where he is due to stay until he discloses sufficient of his assets for Gary Kremen to pick up the $65 million owed to him for five years.
>> Charles Carreon
Amid questions from reporters about what ever happened to his pledge, Donald Trump finally said he's donating the $1 million he had promised four months ago to veterans charities, when he held a fundraiser in Iowa ahead of the state's kickoff caucuses.
The funds, according to a Washington Post report, were pledged to the Marine Corps-Law Enforcement Foundation, a charity that gives scholarships to the children of fallen U.S. Marines and federal law enforcement officers.
The donation itself comes four months after Trump first claimed he gave the money. Back in January, at the Des Moines fundraiser he hosted in lieu of attending a Republican debate put on by Fox News, the businessman said he raised approximately $6 million for vets charities, and that "Donald Trump gave $1 million."
Earlier this week, Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, told "CBS This Morning" that Trump has already "taken a million dollars out of his personal account" and has "given it to charities that he felt was worthy and any remaining money would be distributed before Memorial Day."
Trump campaign manager on candidate's net worth, not releasing tax returns
But Trump seemed to directly contradict Lewandowski's statements in an interview with the Washington Post published Tuesday.
"I don't know that Corey would even know when I gave it out," Trump said.
In fact, according to the Post, Trump only made moves to donate the full $1 million total Monday evening, when he called the residence of James Kallstrom, who chairs the Marine Corps-Law Enforcement Foundation. According to wife Sue Kallstrom, Trump said he would give the entire sum to the charity. Sue Kallstrom told the Post she was unsure whether the funds had been transferred yet.
In his interview with the newspaper Tuesday, Trump said he had waited so long to donate the funds because "you have a lot of vetting to do." But the Marine Corps-Law Enforcement Foundation seems to have been vetted by Trump's charity organization, the Donald J. Trump Foundation, before: It has previously donated more than $230,000 to the group.
Trump also told the Post that the January fundraiser had raised about $5.5 million for veterans -- a statement that seems at odds with Lewandowski's claim that the fundraiser actually netted $4.5 million because some donors had backed out of their pledges.
"For the most part, I think they all came through," Trump said. "Some of them came through very late."
It started out as a simple bill allowing parties in family court to appeal rulings before their cases were finally resolved.
By the time it landed on the House floor for a final vote, one of the last bills on the last day of the long session, it had a new name, a new number and a new purpose: to give the justices of the state Supreme Court the sole authority to discipline judges — including themselves –and allow them to decide if, when and who to discipline in secret.
And the backstory of the passage of the bill, H652 — including the rare public lobbying by Republican justices in favor of the bill and opposition from the Democratic Chief Justice — illustrates that, despite claims otherwise, money and politics may in fact be dividing the Court.
“We have a bill here today that's being proffered by several folks not in this chamber, to protect members in, or seeking to be in, the judiciary — who are Republican — from having their cases heard in an appropriate manner,” Rep. Rick Glazier said when debating the bill on July 26. “I don't know if those cases will turn one way or another – that is irrelevant. But I know that the process ought to be fair, and I know it ought to be public and it ought to be transparent. And every one of you know it as well.”
“If we pass this,” Glazier continued, “we are engaging in a plot to cover up potential claims against sitting justices, and that is wrong on every level.”
Creating a “star chamber”
The Judicial Standards Commission, established in 1973, is charged with investigating complaints of misconduct by judges.
Currently chaired by the Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals, John Martin, the commission — comprised of judges, attorneys and state residents — operates under rules approved by the Supreme Court in 2006 and enacted into law in 2007. It handles roughly 300 complaints each year, most of which are dismissed after an initial review. Remaining complaints can move on to a public reprimand by the commission or to censure, suspension or removal by the Supreme Court, based upon recommendations by the commission.
In instances in which it holds hearings, those hearings – along with the record of the proceedings and any recommendations made to the Supreme Court for censure, suspension or removal — are open to the public.
And in instances in which the complaint involves a justice of the Supreme Court, a panel of the six senior Court of Appeals judges – not the Supreme Court — makes the determination of if and how to discipline that justice.
House bill 652 changes all of that.
It takes away the authority of the commission to issue public reprimands, essentially vesting all forms of public discipline in the Supreme Court.
It makes disciplinary hearings private, and keeps all case records confidential unless and until the Supreme Court decides to take disciplinary action – meaning that a complaint about a judge can be reviewed and disposed of by a majority vote of the Supreme Court, without members of the public ever knowing anything about that complaint until, in the best scenario, the Court has already made a decision to discipline.
But if the majority votes against discipline, the public learns nothing – not even that a complaint was filed.
And, in what Rep. Glazier called the “more scurrilous” of the changes, it removes the discipline of Supreme Court justices from the panel of Court of Appeals judges and hands that over to the Supreme Court – essentially allowing the justices to discipline themselves.
“Four of the justices want this bill”
As happened frequently this session, especially in the waning days, H652 sprung to life from two separate bills.
One, H122 — a bar-association supported bill permitting appeals in family court cases before those cases have been finally resolved — sailed through the House without opposition in early March. It then sat until June, when it reappeared from the Judiciary Committee co-chaired by Sens. Thom Goolsby and Buck Newton with the new provisions that drastically changed the rules for the discipline of judges. (Neither senator, nor Sen. Warren Daniel – who served on the Conference Committee for H122 — returned calls for comment about the bill).
After negotiations, those changes were ultimately pulled out of H122 and pushed into the newly-gutted bill H652, a bill formerly concerning inheritances by illegitimate children.
The reinvented H652, “an act to modify the law regarding the discipline for judges,” failed in the Senate on July 19, but was re-referred to committee and put to a vote again on July 25, when it passed, unchanged, by a vote of 28 to 14.
The bill then landed in the House, where it came up for debate on the floor on the last morning of the session, bypassing any committee involvement.
Rep. Glazier had plenty to say in opposition to the bill and its assault on the integrity and transparency of the courts, but he also wanted to know why it was there in the first place. Nobody had asked for it.
“This legislature should never be involved in this,” he said. “It is not a request from the Court of Appeals. It is not a request of the commission. It is not a request of the Supreme Court. It is not a request of the bar association. It has never been in discussion in the courts, at the bar association, nor in any judiciary committee here.”
“The judiciary voted unanimously several years ago to approve these rules,” Glazier added. “They have never met to reconsider these rules. The courts have never met to reconsider these rules. And there has never been a problem that has been brought to the attention of this body about anything that's happened with these rules.”
In fact, Glazier pointed out, Judge John Martin, as head of the Judicial Standards Commission, had written a letter to the House vehemently objecting to the changes.
“These changes will have a negative impact upon our state's ability to review and discipline instances of judicial misconduct,” Martin wrote. “Further, [they] will create potential conflicts of interest within our judiciary and muddle the transparency and availability of public records related to judicial misconduct.”
Chief Justice Sarah Parker likewise wrote to the House, objecting to the changes. (The remaining justices would not comment on the bill.)
But Rep. Skip Stam said a majority of the Supreme Court justices supported the bill.
Rep. Tim Moore agreed. “My understanding is that four justices of the Supreme Court want this to pass,” he said on the floor. “Justice Newby and Mark Martin have asked for this bill.”
(Reps. Stam and Moore did not return calls for comment about the bill or about the identity of the justices who supported the bill.)
Glazier moved for the bill to be sent back to committee to be reviewed and possibly reconsidered in the short session in May 2014.
“We don't have to do this today,” said Rep. Larry Hall in agreement. “It can wait. There's been no public outcry for it. We don't have any instance showing that there's a need for this bill to come forward.”
The majority in the house had no answer to that. Nor could they produce any written proof from any judges in support of the bill.
But they proceeded with the vote and passed H652, 53 to 48.
Why the hurry?
Members of the Republican majority were clearly in a hurry to pass H652; they had no interest in sending it to the House Judiciary Committee for full review and consideration.
“Members, please understand that this is the last day that we can vote on this bill,” Rep. Tim Moore said. “If you vote for this motion to re-refer, you vote to kill this bill,” Rep. Moore said,
But why the hurry?
When pushed by Glazier, Republican lawmakers had no answer other than that “a majority of the justices” wanted the bill passed.
“Without an answer, we can only speculate,” Glazier said. “And speculate I will. Some justices may fear that there may be a recusal motion filed against them in the next year, or candidates running for the Justice position, may fear having a complaint filed against them, and they don't want the bipartisan Court of Appeals judges to hear the case. They want their own colleagues on the Supreme Court to do it, figuring they'll get a better deal there. And if we pass this we are a party to that process.”
Who might those justices be?
Justices Newby and Martin were the only judges identified as lobbying for the bill's passage, and of the two, only Newby has had a publicly-known brush with possible ethics issues as lodged against him in the redistricting case.
“I was told from multiple sources that Justice Newby was pushing this for months,” Rep. Glazier said in a phone interview.
Last November, the parties challenging the 2011 redistricting plans asked the Supreme Court to remove Newby from hearing their pending appeal concerning documents and testimony sought in the case. They argued that Newby — known by then for the “Newby Tough but Fair” banjo ads that flooded the airwaves during the last few weeks of his re-election campaign — should step aside because conservatives with an interest in seeing the redistricting maps upheld by the Court had kicked in millions to pay for those ads and support his re-election.
The court denied that request in December, without opinion. And earlier this month, the three-judge panel of the trial court ruled in favor of the Republican lawmakers responsible for those plans. The panel's ruling on the merits is now before the Supreme Court, and it's expected that the recusal issue will arise there again.
As for candidates for a seat on the court in the 2014 election, only Justice Cheri Beasley – running to retain the seat she was appointed to by former Gov. Bev Perdue; Justice Mark Martin – running for Chief Justice; and Senior Resident Superior Court Judge Ola Lewis from Brunswick County have declared their intentions to run.
None of them have any publicly-disclosed ethics complaints pending, but the newcomer to the group, Judge Lewis, has been at the center of some controversy in her district, according to media reports.
In 2010, Lewis sued Edward Rapp for libel after Rapp accused her, in a Facebook post, of violating ethics rules when she publicly supported the Senate campaign of William Rabon. Since then the case has gone to the Court of Appeals, which rendered a ruling in Lewis' favor, and back to the trial court, where she won $105,000 in damages.
A cautionary tale
Should Gov. Pat McCrory sign H652 into law (as of this post, he has not), North Carolina will become not only one of a minority of states that have closed public hearings, but also a minority of the minority, by keeping everything closed until the supreme court has the final word, according to Cynthia Gray, Director of the Center for Judicial Ethics at the non-partisan American Judicature Society.
“The state judicial conduct organizations serve the pivotal function of ensuring the public that judges who abuse their power and engage in other forms of misconduct can be held accountable without political pressure,” Gray said. “Trust in the efficacy of public proceedings is one of the hallmarks of American democracy in general, and public hearings for judges charged with misconduct complements the pride judges justifiably take in the openness of the judicial system in particular. “
If North Carolina needed any help in understanding just how detrimental H652 can be, it needs only consider the Wisconsin experience, she added, where millions in campaign contributions and expenditures (rivaling the amount spent in the 2012 Supreme Court election here) combined with partisan control have nearly crippled the state Supreme Court.
In 2011, when considering a challenge to Gov. Scott Walker's anti-union legislation, the Republican majority on the Wisconsin Supreme Court rushed through a 4-3 opinion supporting the governor, with justices actually coming to blows over a dissenting justice's delay in finishing her opinion. One Republican justice, David Prosser, was accused of choking the dissenter – a Democrat.
When the ethics complaint was filed against Prosser over the choking incident, his Republican colleagues on the court recused themselves from considering the charges, effectively dismissing the complaint because the court lacked the quorum needed to vote on the question of discipline.
Charges over a 2008 campaign incident likewise went unaddressed by that court, when the justices deadlocked along party lines and no discipline resulted.
That will happen here, too, Rep. Glazier warned his colleagues during the floor debate. Complaints about judicial misconduct will come and go from the Supreme Court, and the public may never know.
And in a parting shot before the final vote on H652, Glazier tried to appeal to a higher purpose.
“This is a matter of ethics,” Glazier said. “You can vote the politics of it, if you choose, but this is a bill about the integrity of the judicial system of the state of North Carolina, and we owe a higher obligation to ourselves and our state than to our politics.”
The vote speaks for itself.
Donned head to toe in full riot gear, Maynard James Keenan of Tool took a brief moment from his band's headlining performance at the 2017 Boston Calling music festival to share some very particular words with the crowd on a certain group of people.
RELATED: SEE THE BEST IMAGES FROM BOSTON CALLING
"As artists, we interpret and report, that's our job. We are merchants of emotion. We have the privilege to do that because of active and former law enforcement and military defending our right to do so."
Kennan went on to say, "Those of you who are law enforcement and military, your job is to defend our right to act like whining, entitled snowflake assholes. Myself being one. Snowflakes, your job is to respect that I'm f**king doing that for you. Divided we fall. Don't believe the hype dumb-dumbs, we're all in this together."
Keenan previously served in the US Army as a forward observer before founding Tool, and Boston Calling was held over the Memorial Day weekend.
Watch his full speech in the video below!
Say so long to initiatives as we've known them. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in an 8-to-1 decision Thursday that it's more important that people have full access to the names and addresses of petition signers than it is to protect those signers from intimidation and harassment.
The harassment is real, as political activists around the country have threatened – and even followed through on threats – to spread widely the names and addresses of people who have signed onto controversial ballot measures. Then their adversaries can contact them about their political ideology. Talk about an awkward and unwelcome moment on your porch.
Oregon Public Broadcasting reported that Oregon Secretary of State Kate Brown welcomed the Supreme Court's decision, saying all citizens suffer when governments operate in secret. (Even though that's not really what having privacy for petition signers does. Voters operate "in secret" every election, after all.)
Brown is also not worried groups will routinely put the names of people who sign petitions online, saying, “Certainly there is that potential. It has not happened so far in Oregon. But I was really clear, when we discussed this issue during the last session. That if there is any harassment, we will pass legislation to prohibit that."
Let's hope so. As Justice Clarence Thomas, the lone dissenter of the court majority opinion, said, publishing names chills citizen participation in the referendum process.
When people vote, how they voted is kept private. If it wasn't, can you imagine how voter turnout would plummet? A lot of people like to keep their political opinions to themselves.
Because petitions represent ideas, it would offer consistency to the system to keep the names and addresses of those supporting a petition a private matter, too. Once the voter is verified by the state, the name and address of a voter should remain off limits to political activists of any stripe who are on a mission to silence political thought.
Now that the court has sided with signatures going viral, it will become harder than ever before to get people to sign onto a ballot measure. Which is, of course, fine by a lot of folks, not to mention the hope of many political activists who don't want to see certain ballot measures come to fruition. (The ballot measure that spawned this Supreme Court battle was an anti-gay rights measure in Washington state that voters there rightly rejected.)
For those of us who still see ballot measures as an opportunity to act when our Legislatures won't, get ready to mourn the demise of a tool designed expressly for the people.
Read the ruling here.
From Powells.com
Staff Pick
Jeff VanderMeer's Borne is an astonishingly beautiful book about relationships, survival, and attachment in a world racked by climate change and flooded with refugees. Set in a ruined, post-apocalyptic city which has been decimated by the “Company” and its biotech creations, it's one of the most moving and intensely human books I've read this year. It also includes a gigantic, lethal flying bear named Mord. As he demonstrated in his earlier work, VanderMeer is remarkable at crossing genre lines to create gorgeously literary speculative fiction, or surreally beautiful sci-fi. Recommended By Jill O., Powells.com
Relations between technology and humans are tackled in a bizarre and post-apocalyptic world in Jeff VanderMeer's Borne. Readers familiar with VanderMeer's unique psychedelic style will find a familiar sense of awe in the intricacy of his newly imagined world. To those unfamiliar with VanderMeer, Borne is a great and gruesome introduction. All readers will finish this sci-fi novel mystified and hungry for more. Recommended By Alex Y., Powells.com
Jeff VanderMeer has blown my socks off in the past with stories that expand sci-fi into brave new biological realms while challenging our stuffy notions about utopias and dystopias. With Borne he's outdone himself, throwing us into a place as utterly bizarre as it is convincing. A giant bear floats in the sky and is worshiped by some as a god; the mysterious and menacing specter of the Company looms; and a scavenger finds and adopts a strange sentient blob that learns to talk. Beneath all of these threads is a story that is as old as time: the love between mother and child. It's just that this time the child may or may not be a bioweapon that could change life as we know it. Recommended By Cosima C., Powells.com
Borne has all of the lush savagery of VanderMeer's excellent Southern Reach trilogy, but with an added humanity and optimism that kept me rapt during the novel's more brutal and stranger moments. VanderMeer is gifted at creating unique biological environments, populated by creatures and plants that both reflect the human condition and express abilities and knowledge far beyond human limitations. It is in such a place, a ruined, perilous city, that a scavenger named Rachel meets a "child" named Borne. Their relationship is at the heart of this absorbing novel, which is ultimately about how to define personhood in a post-human world. Recommended By Rhianna W., Powells.com
The University of California, Berkeley has launched an investigation into the circumstances that led a campus police officer to ticket an unlicensed hot dog vendor Saturday and confiscate $60 from his wallet as evidence.
A brief video of the interaction between the officer and the hot dog vendor, identified only as “Juan,” went viral online and was viewed more than 11 million times. UC Berkeley officials didn't say much over the weekend as outrage about the incident grew. Monday afternoon, Vice Chancellor Scott Biddy said there will be an investigation into the complaints that have been raised.
Biddy said an investigator will be assigned to look at the “procedural and management issues related to the incident.” He said the officer, identified in the video as Sean Aranas, will remain at work during the probe. A student-launched petition calling for Aranas's removal has garnered nearly 22,000 signatures. UCPD did not respond to an inquiry about how long Aranas has worked for the law enforcement agency, or what complaints about Aranas it may have looked into in the past.
Biddy said, in the statement, that the university routinely asks officers to monitor illegal vending, as well as illegal ticket sales, outside events “in response to requests from our community.” He continued: “This action has been motivated at least in part by issues of public health, the interests of local small businesses, and even human trafficking.”
According to records reviewed by Berkeleyside, the hot dog vendor in the video was the only one who received an illegal vending ticket Saturday, though UCPD said three other people in the area got warnings. Biddy said, in the statement, he could not comment on any particular case due to the open investigation, but added that “our practice is to issue warnings before giving a citation. In a case such as this, it is typical to collect any suspected illegal funds and enter them into evidence.”
Only one other citation was issued all day, according to online UCPD records, and it was for a vehicle code violation in Albany.
Biddy said the investigation would be completed “in a timely manner,” but gave no specific date.
In the meantime, supporters of “Juan,” and other vendors who have had property taken during law enforcement operations, have raised nearly $47,000 to help with legal fees and other related matters. Some have suggested that money could be used to help the man secure a vending permit.
Given the tensions surrounding the video, including concerns that have been raised about possible disparities in policing experienced by minority communities, and increased fear from immigrant and undocumented workers under President Donald Trump, the university emphasized that the incident will be taken seriously.
“I assure you that the well-being of our community members including those from our marginalized communities of color, is most important to us and that we are deeply committed to building a climate of tolerance, inclusion and diversity, even as we enforce laws and policies,” Biddy wrote. “We are committed to continuing to engage the campus community in order to realize better ways to serve it.”
In the absence of much detail from authorities in recent days, some hypothesized that civil forfeiture rules allowed the officer to confiscate the money to be booked into evidence. According to the statement Monday, “In general, when an officer issues a citation, makes an arrest, or investigates a crime, the officer may seize items as evidence of the proceeds of the crime or violation in question.”
The officer did not confiscate any other items from the vendor, according to the university.
Although the incident took place off-campus, on Piedmont Avenue, it was within the 1-mile radius covered by University of California Police Department and Berkeley Police Department patrols. Biddy said the state education and penal codes give UCPD authority in those areas.
Biddy said it will be up to the Alameda County court system to determine what penalties the vendor may face. No case appears to have been filed against the vendor thus far. Berkeleyside has asked the district attorney's office for further information.
Our third instalment of our forgotten treasure mix series is another great one and captures the idea perfectly. Our good friend Fred Everything who is a certified deep & funky housemaster: great producer and DJ whose played around the globe 15 times in his 10+ years in the game. Originally from Quebec City he moved to San Francisco a few years ago and started his label called Lazy Days which celebrated 5 years of great music earlier this year.
Fred said that it was his first non-house mix in years and that he loved the challenge of the mix, focusing more on the “selector” side of things. It's a more personal approach to your typical dj mix which is more focused on current bangers. Some older tracks, some newer ones in tons of different styles. Connecting the dots as we say!
Tracklist
01. Propaganda “A Dream Within A Dream” Intro
02. The Orb “Little Fluffy Clouds” (Pal Joey Cumulo Limbus Remix)
03. QTip “Life Is Better” (feat. Norah Jones)
04. Jon Lucien “Would You Believe In Me”
05. Marvin Gaye “T Plays it Cool”
06. Owusu & Hannibal “Lonnie's Secret”
07. Toro Y Moi “Still Sound”
08. Crazy P “Eruption”
09. Gonzales “Knight Moves”
10. DIY “Cassiopeia”
11. Stacey Pullen “Tsunami”
12. Jazzanova feat. Paul Randolph “Believer” (Funkhaus Session)
13. Shuggie Otis “Aht Uh Mi Ed”
14. Rhythm & Sound “My Best Friend” (feat. Love Joy)
15. Terry Callier “Love Them From Spartacus” (Zero 7 Remix)
16. Primal Scream “Higher Than The Sun”
17. Carl Craig “At Les”
18. Herbert “You Saw It”
19. Tones On Tail “Lions”
20. Mos Def “Umi Says”
21. Colossus “Sunshine”
22. Deyampert “Held Him First”
23. D'Angelo “Spanish Joint” (Instrumental)
24. The Smiths “I Won't Share You”
25. Peven Everett “Gabrielle” (Gilles Peterson Live BBC Sessions)
Linkage
Fred Everything on Twitter
Fred Everything on Discogs
His ultimate goal has not been achieved, but Jonathan “Yoani” Kuiper is back in Canada — for now — even if only for a couple weeks to see his family.
Despite his best efforts, Kuiper is not technically Canadian; but you wouldn't know it from how happy the Netherlands-born, Canadian-raised 34-year-old is to be back in this country.
Global News first detailed Kuiper's unique citizenship case in June.
He was born in the Netherlands in 1982; his family moving to Aylmer, Ont. when he was just 14 months old.
Kuiper grew up here, spending 27 years in Canada before heading overseas to do his master's, eventually settling back in the Netherlands to get a job he says was not available in Canada.
READ MORE: ‘This is his country': Man who spent 27 years in Canada denied citizenship
But Kuiper made a critical error of omission in his time here.
He didn't apply for citizenship until 2013, years after he'd already relocated.
He was eventually denied, despite all his time here, because he hadn't spent enough days in Canada in the four years leading up to his application.
During the two-year wait for an answer, he let his permanent residence expire, thinking citizenship would be a certainty.
When he was eventually denied citizenship, Kuiper said it was like a kick in the gut.
WATCH: Man who lived in Canada for 27 years says he's exiled in the Netherlands due to citizenship snafu
“My entire life I've always identified and understood myself to be Canadian,” he told Global News in a June Skype interview from Amsterdam.
After being denied citizenship, there was an error in the ensuing visa process that left him unsure whether he'd be able to come home to see his family any time soon.
“They issued me a visa accidentally last December, which I then used to attend my citizenship hearing in February,” Kuiper said.
“Then Minister McCallum said ‘that visa was to attend your appeal hearing and the visa which you could've used to stay in Canada from then on.' But I wasn't aware of that so I had already used that visa.”
He got the situation sorted out in late fall, though. He'd be allowed to return home for the holidays, but through a very roundabout method.
READ MORE: ‘I'm Canadian': Man who lived in Canada for 27 years still fighting for citizenship
“You're only allowed one visa,” he said. “That means I don't have a visa anymore that I can use to come into Canada. It's one-time entry, and so the only way you can come back into Canada in this situation is if you travel through the States and cross the border by private car or walking.”
Kuiper took the latter option the morning of Dec. 16.
He flew from the Netherlands to Newark, New Jersey, from which he was supposed to go to Buffalo but ended up in Rochester, New York due to a nasty snow storm.
From there, he took a bus to the Peace Bridge, cleared customs and walked the full two kilometres across in the stinging cold.
Documenting the trek in a video on his phone, Kuiper celebrated “33 hours of traveling, three connecting flights, two cancelled flights, a snow storm, a motel in Rochester, a cab, a Greyhound, and now my mom's waiting for me on the other side!”
WATCH: Man who lived in Canada for 27 years still without citizenship
Kuiper wonders if federal Democratic Institutions Minister Maryam Monsef has to jump through any similar hoops.
She revealed this year that she was actually born in Iran, not Afghanistan as she'd initially thought and was noted in her documents when her family sought asylum here in 1996. A seemingly honest mistake.
“I made a mistake (too),” notes Kuiper. “Minister Monsef made a mistake on her citizenship application, that's been recognized … and they're trying to accommodate that.”
“I think it's only fair that Minister McCallum takes a look at my file again.”
Since the summer, MPs from both the NDP and Conservative parties have lobbied on Kuiper's behalf, but Liberal Immigration Minister John McCallum has refused to exercise his power to get personally involved.
READ MORE: ‘Lost Canadians' in endless battles for citizenship: advocate
Kuiper's family says officials are considering only the letter of the law, not the spirit of it.
“Next year (the government is) going to ask 300,000 new immigrants to come in while Yoani, when he came here, he was a baby,” says his mother Anneka Janssens, who raised him here and has Canadian citizenship herself.
“It makes me sad.”
Kuiper knows his battle for citizenship is all but lost at this point. His appeal to have his permanent residence reinstated could take a couple years.
His visit home is not meant to deal with that. This is mainly a trip to enjoy family for a couple of weeks.
He's got a job and a girlfriend to eventually go back to in the Netherlands, and he's not feeling particularly confident about his appeal here.
“I don't like my chances,” he said. “I think they're going to continue to throw the book at me.”
“Merry Christmas, Minister John McCallum.”
First aired August 20th, 2014.
Molly (played by Halle Berry) has decided to stop playing defense and is ready to confront Director Sparks (played by Michael O'Neill) about everything. Working with Sam (played by Camryn Manheim), who's back on Team Molly, they begin to investigate the space mission where Sparks' daughter, Katie (played by Tessa Ferrer), died.
Sam finds out that the medical records for the crew were faked to appear normal and Molly discovers that the ship was meant for some sort of mining operation (the reason for which being unknown). Molly contacts the president of the now defunct company asking about the hexagon symbol and the mission, he agrees to see her but is murdered before the meeting. Molly goes to Sparks and makes it clear that she will not stop until she finds her baby. She follows him when he drives to the compound where it's being kept. About two seconds after she gets in, an armed SWAT team moves in to capture her. While Molly is trying to get away, she notices a flock of birds outside forming the hexagon symbol. Her baby wants to say “hi” to mommy.
Molly's going to have to really start watching her ass. If she keeps making more trouble for these guys, they'll eventually make her “accidentally” fall out of a window, too. But at least all this forcefulness is getting some forward momentum plotwise. I know Molly really wants to be reunited with her son but, after that display with the birds, she should think twice about that. This kid went from possessing people a few feet away to making birds do aerial acrobatics in about two days. When he grows up, he'll make Professor Xavier look like a children's magician. At least the kid seems to like Molly, because this is one boy you don't want to see have a tantrum.
Meanwhile, Gordon Kern (played by Maury Sterling) has Kryger (played by Brad Beyer) in his basement and is torturing him to get the video file of Katie's space mission that he gave to Molly. Gordon's doorbell goes off and, of all people, it's his mother coming over to check on him because she hasn't heard from him in a while. She's worried that he might be using again or suffering from the same delusions his father had that caused him to almost crash a commercial airliner. Kryger later tells Gordon he knows about the visions he and his father were having, suggesting that the aliens could be responsible for them. It's enough to make Gordon turn against the company and he and Kryger rescue Molly from the compound.
Is there a worse person than your mother to interrupt you when you've got a hostage? I broke out laughing at the thought that, because Gordon's mommy wanted to check up on him, Kryger might escape. That all took a backseat to the realization that the aliens could potentially be who contacted Gordon's father and told him to land a plane in a cornfield. I really don't get how they would be capable of talking to a pilot on Earth. And why of all places a cornfield? Since Gordon's father presumably never went to space, I guess we're supposed to think these things have been to Earth before or are still here. I'll have to see how things play out for before I make a conclusion. But at least now there's another member of Team Molly who has some military training, so that should come in handy.
Ethan (played by Pierce Gagnon) has learned Japanese seemingly overnight and that has John (played by Goran Visnjic) thoroughly freaked out. One person it impressed was Hideki (played by Hiroyuki Sanada), who invited the family to dinner with his coworker/lover Femi Dodd (played by Annie Wersching). She disagreed with John's views on the Humanichs project. John decides to lower Ethan's learning capacity, but finds himself blocked from accessing it while someone else is able to activate Ethan as he sleeps.
Elsewhere, Julie (played by Grace Gummer) is enjoying her relationship with Odin (played by Charlie Bewley), the man she met at the gym. He's not as great as he seems. Odin is a part of a radical group that includes Femi Dodd. The group intends to eliminate robots because they believe they are dangerous to humans. Their first target is none other than Ethan, which explains why Odin has been wining and dining Julie.
I don't know why anyone is surprised that Ethan is so smart. He may have the personality of a child but he also has the brain of a supercomputer. Since Hideki captured Ethan with Molly a few episodes back and Ethan is now speaking Japanese, I think Hideki has to be the one controlling him now. He's probably going to turn Ethan into an evil, robot child-ninja, and I have to say that does sound pretty cool. So Odin turned out to be the John Connor of his generation and he's looking to do a preemptive strike to prevent a SkyNet situation from happening. As I was watching this, I felt it might have been better if Julie had been behind this, working from inside to bring John and his research to a stop and destroy Ethan. It would have been a nice twist, especially since she hasn't had a significant story yet. Here, she's just a plot device that brings Odin into the mix.
Quotes & Thoughts
“You know, if I go through those records, he's going to find out.” “Good. I want him to know I'm on to something. I want him to lose sleep at night.”
It might have been sweeter if the baby made the birds form a heart.
“When we outsource war to machines, we outsource our humanity to technology.”
Maybe the cornfield message was a joke and the aliens have a sense of humor.
If you enjoyed Manny's review, you can find the rest of his work right HERE on Sci-Fi Bloggers. You can also follow him on Twitter @KN_Manny.
Possibly Related Posts:
Liam Neeson voiced his issues with gun ownership in America during a conversation about the recent shooting at the Charlie Hebdo offices in Paris.
“First off, my thoughts and prayers and my heart are with the deceased, and certainly with all of France, yesterday. I've got a lot of dear friends in Paris,” Neeson said during an interview in Dubai this week. "There are too many fucking guns out there. Especially in America. I think the population is like, 320 million? There's over 300 million guns. Privately owned, in America. I think it's a fucking disgrace. Every week now we're picking up a newspaper and seeing, 'Yet another few kids have been killed in schools.'"
Neeson went on to deny that movies featuring firearms, such as his own "Taken" series, encourage people to buy guns, saying: "I grew up watching cowboy movies, loved doing that [gun gesture] with my fingers, 'Bang, bang, you're dead!' I didn't end up a killer. I think that's something the power of cinema can be."
According to estimates, there are between 270 million and 310 million guns in the U.S., the Pew Research Center has noted. With a population of about 300 million, that's one for every man, woman and child. In a 2013 Pew survey, 37 percent of Americans said someone in their household owned a gun.
The 62-year-old star, who was born in Ireland, echoed similar sentiments about gun control during a September interview with the Independent.
"I am totally for gun control in the U.S.," he said. "The population of America is roughly 300 million and there are 300 million guns in this country, which is terrifying."
Now more than ever, there seems to be an intense debate between the use of flat pedals or clipless. Both have their merits, but what if there was something in between? Something that combined the best things about each into a single design? Now that the MagLOCK bike pedal is getting official, maybe there is.
The MagLOCK pedal is definitely not the first to attempt to use magnets to replace a clipless system. Many companies have tried over the years and for whatever reason either failed to produce a worthwhile product, or at least one that consumers would buy. There are many factors to designing a magnetic pedal that you have to take into consideration over a relatively simple clipless pedal, but it looks like Dave Williams may have figured it out with his clever magnetic design.
Details next…
Instead of simply placing some magnets on top of a pedal, the MagLOCK uses a clever housing that is built into the body of a flat pedal. By simply removing the metal plate that conceals the rare earth magnets, the power of the pedal's magnetic connection can be changed by adding or removing magnets – anywhere from zero, to over 50 pounds of attractive force.
Housed in the body of a 6061 machined aluminum pedal, one of the best features in our opinion is that without a pair of SPD compatible shoes with the magnetic shoe clip, the pedals turn into standard flats. Perfect for when you forget your shoes, or just want to spin around the neighborhood. When you're really ready to ride though, a steel rectangular clip bolts onto the bottom of any clipless mountain shoe which interfaces with the magnets on the pedals.
Available through another bicycle related Kickstarter, complete sets of pedals start at $150 with the Early Bird deal. Pedals will be offered with 3 different colored spindles as well as the option for replaceable anodized aluminum colors, as well as green or black anodized pedal bodies for $240 or $260 respectively.
Now for the drawback – the basic MagLOCK pedal weighs in at a whopping 1540g per set. To put that in perspective, a “heavy” set of flat pedals these days is around 700g. As with any first gen product though the weight is bound to come down – looking at the relatively simple pedal body design, there is a lot of aluminum that could still be removed. What's important here is that concept looks sound, and we may finally have a viable alternative to clipless with the power of magnets.
maglockbikepedal.com
kickstarter.com
Summer is the time for love... and construction.
In Hamilton, major development projects are happening all around the city. It's not like this in every town. In fact, Hamilton is bucking an national construction trend — Statistics Canada released numbers in early July showing an eight per cent increase in commercial investment in the city.
Here's a look at eight major projects happening around Hamilton.
Residential developments
Royal Connaught condos
One of the grandest spots inside the Royal Connaught was the lobby. That is where the design and construction for the new residences in this historic hotel will start, said Kim Graham, who is dealing with media requests for the development.
"Development is underway in the lobby," she said, but it is still quite early in construction.
The three towers of the downtown condo building will be 36, 33 and 24-storeys with a total of 708 units. 135 of those units will be inside the original hotel, opened in 1916 by Harry Frost.
Hometown Hamilton developers Spallacci Group and Valery Homes previously told CBC Hamilton the presentation centre, located in that grand lobby, will open in 2013. The first round of occupancy is set for 2015.
Dundas District Lofts
Heritage restoration "whenever possible" was the motto for brothers Dave and Mike Valvasoris Dundas development.
Construction of a 44-unit loft building in the former Dundas District School building at 397 King Street West is underway with a goal of spring 2014 occupancy, Dave said. The loft unit will feature the original, restored staircases, stained glass and doors form 1929. The Valvasoris are also using the school's original blackboards in the front foyer and hallways to display historical photos and images from yearbooks, including a picture of the first graduating class from 1929.
"We're trying to pay homage to the school wherever possible," Dave said.
The Valvarsoris put shovels in the ground in Sept. 2012 when their building permit was approved. Dave said it's a top-down restoration, so construction starts on the third floor. Right now, work is being done to green retrofit the building, Dave said, installing in-floor heating and spray insulation to the walls, where there was no insulation before.
Within the next three weeks, Valvasori expects the presentation centre will be open on the loft site, including three model suites of units in the building: one-bedroom units with an east view, a park view and an escarpment view.
"All the units are very unique," he said. "We let the buildings tell us where units will be."
The units range from a one-bedroom 780 sq. ft. unit to a 2-bedroom plus den, 2-story 2300 sq ft.
Stinson Lofts
The former school building at 211 Stinson Street has been an eyesore for local residents for a while, but developer Harry Stinson insists people will be moving into his loft building as early as September or October.
"We see the light at the end of the tunnel," Stinson said. "It may be a little scruffy on the outside."
The 118-year-old schoolhouse is about three-quarters sold, Stinson said, with mostly the penthouse and large units still on the market. The units range from a 650 sq. ft. studio to a 2200-sq ft. 2-bedroom.
Construction on the project started about a year and a half ago, and right now it's down to the finishing touches inside and a lot of work landscaping on the outside.
"We won't be doing anything on the outside until the inside is done," he said, adding there may still be outdoor work to be done when residents are moving in.
Once all is said and done, Stinson is certain it will contribute to downtown's revival.
"It will be good for downtown," he said. "It shows it's a place to live and not a scary place."
Educational developments
McMaster University's downtown Health Campus
Construction is starting to peek out from above the boards that line Bay at Main Street on the former Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board. McMaster University's new downtown health campus is gaining height, said Gord Arbeau, director of public relations.
"We're on schedule and progress continues to be made," he said.
The campus, slated for a fall 2014 opening, is a $84.6 million project and will be both a site for health sciences students and a clinic. McMaster plans to host 4,000 students and 450 staff members.
Throughout the summer, Arbeau said construction workers will be "adding height to the building."
Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board Education Centre
Earlier this year, the HWDSB embarked on a massive construction project - building a new education centre to amalgamate staff who used to be in five buildings under one roof.
The $31.6 million project on Millwood Place is on schedule and budget, said Melissa Cohen-White, the school board's project manager. Completion is set for July 2014.
"In a few weeks, you'll see columns and beams," she said. "Then the concrete floor slab system."
The new education centre will house 478 staff who work in business services, maintenance, human resources and IT and the board of trustees. Inside, Cohen-White said there will also be large meeting rooms and a large lobby for "community collaboration," she said.
The finished building will also incorporate the frieze from the former downtown school board, as well as marble slabs. The frieze, Cohen-White said, will hang above the entry to the boardroom.
Hotels
Homewood Suites
A project with the potential to bring more tourists to Hamilton is near completion. Homewood Suites, located at Bay and Main streets, is slated to open in October, said Olga Katsaros, executive assistant to developer Darko Vranich.
Vranish's company, Vrancor Group, also built and opened the Staybridge Suites just down the street from the new hotel.
Katsaros said the hotel will employ about 70 full and part-time staff and have the capacity for 400 guests. There will also be retail space on Bay Street, she said.
Amenities include an indoor pool, fitness centre, lounge and bar and 10 meeting rooms.
Commercial
James North
Jack Beume remembers Hamilton like it was decades ago.
"It was active, money-driven," he said. "And then it literally died."
Beume is a local developer who wants to bring downtown Hamilton back to life with his projects, the latest being a new commercial space on James Street North, at Vine Street.
"It will be a very attractive, warm, red brick building," Beume said.
The three-floor commercial building has 31,600 sq. ft. of net, or useable, space, he said, designed to accommodate four retailers and an office space. He already has tenants who have signed on. Those tenants will also be privy to a rooftop garden, and both surface and underground parking.
Right now, Beume's construction team is putting beams in the ground to prevent the street from caving in when digging begins. Beume said there will be crane in the ground come September and "once that happens, [the building] will go up zip-zip."
Beume is also proud that his project is homegrown.
"This building is Hamilton-driven: Hamilton developer, Hamilton builder, Hamilton lender," he said.
Tenants are expected to be able to move in June 2014, Beume said.
Community Infrastructure
Tim Hortons Field
The $147.5 million stadium that will house the Hamilton Tiger-Cats is on budget and on schedule, said Terence Foran, project communications advisor with Infrastructure Ontario, who is overseeing the development.
Foran said the foundation work is nearly complete on the former Ivor Wynne Stadium site and part of the structural bones have already been erected. Later in the summer, Hamiltonians will see a metal deck being installed that will be the new stadium's floor.
Tim Hortons Field will hold 22,500 spectators, fewer than Ivor Wynne, but 40,000 temporary seats can be added in the end zones for special events.
The stadium will be the home for all 32 men's and women's soccer games during the 2015 Pan Am Games.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Nicole Courides has a passion for Intercourse. She has to - it's her business.
Nicole Courides, the founder of Intercourse Brewing Company, is pictured in this undated handout photo. REUTERS/handout
Courides founded the Intercourse Brewing Company (intercoursebrewingco.com), which she named after the rural Pennsylvania Amish community of Intercourse, ironically a dry town. The name always prompted giggles whenever a younger Courides, who grew up about an hour away in Collegeville, visited with her parents.
It was also hard to ignore the suggestive names of surrounding towns: Blue Ball, Mount Joy and Bareville.
“I couldn't believe no one had done it yet,” said Courides, at 23 one of the youngest independent brewers in the United States. “The town names are just so funny, and it's real.”
In college, Courides set her idea in motion, using a business class to develop a marketing plan for the venture. It wasn't until after graduation that she used an investment from family to produce her first brews, which she began selling in 2008.
Courides made her first test batches in her parents' kitchen. She then convinced The Lion Brewery in the city of Wilkes-Barre to prepare them commercially on a contract basis.
“By no stretch am I a professional brewer,” said Courides, who for years worked part-time in restaurants and later brewpubs, piquing her interest in beer. “I did a ton of reading.”
‘SEX IN A BOTTLE'
Operating as a one-woman, home-based company, Intercourse Brewing has to date produced some 18,000 cases of craft brews under varieties that include Paradise Pale Ale, Mount Joy Light, Bareville Pilsner and Blue Ball Porter.
The beers, which retail for about $25 to $29 a case, have been well received in Pennsylvania, particularly in Lancaster County - that houses Intercourse - where locals get the joke. Growth has been slow but steady, said Courides, who reinvests her profit back into the business.
“The beer makes sense for us in this market,” said Matt Kirchner, a Lancaster distributor. “As we speak, I'm totally out of stock.”
Related Coverage Factbox: Intercourse Brewing Company
Courides has deliberately played up the sexual innuendo in her marketing, using the slogan: “May your spirit be light and may you always enjoy Intercourse”. She also designed t-shirts that read “I love Intercourse (beer)” and coasters announcing “Right now, I'm having Intercourse”.
Even the logo is suggestive, featuring a barn with a silo flanked by two round shrubs. Courides maintains these promotional devices are “light-hearted,” tongue-in-cheek efforts that stay within the boundaries of good taste.
“I didn't want to be crude,” she said. “I didn't want to come off as promoting sex.”
Regulators, however, took a bit of convincing, according to J.B. Brombacher, who runs the Duryea, Pennsylvania licensing business hired by Courides to obtain approvals for distribution.
“Are you serious about this?,” Brombacher recalled was the email response from federal officials at the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, following an application for a labeling permit. After Brombacher produced maps showing Intercourse was an actual town, they reluctantly complied.
“I had to send them all this documentation that we're not selling sex in a bottle,” he said.
CRAFTING A BUSINESS
The business is close to obtaining a license that will let Courides distribute Intercourse outside Pennsylvania. Just how well the product sells beyond boundaries where customers recognize its geographic link remains to be seen, said Denise Lee Yohn, a San Diego-based branding consultant. She points out that sexually charged marketing messages can sometimes limit a brand's appeal to younger male audiences.
“There are a lot of beer drinkers out there. Ones that gravitate toward a microbrew (are) a little older, a little more sophisticated, a little more refined,” Yohn said. “I don't know whether such a brand would resonate with that target as much.”
Craft beers have fared well despite the economy. In the first half of 2010, overall beer sales were down an estimated 2.7 percent by volume, while sales of craft brews rose 9 percent, according to the Brewers Association, a trade group for craft brewers.
“We're seeing increased shelf space for small brewers,” said Paul Gatza, association director. “The price gap between a standard lager and a craft beer really isn't that much. Even during a time when consumers are hurting, they seem to be willing to spend a bit more.”
Slideshow (2 Images)
It helps that Courides is a tireless spokesman for her beer, spending weekends at trade shows and local foodie events handing out samples where she sometimes battles the perception that the beer industry is still a man's domain.
“A lot of the time they think I'm the girl doing the promotions, doing the events and pouring the beer,” said Courides, who earlier this year took a last-minute trip to New York City to get Blue Ball Porter included in Maxim magazine's list of 25 best new beers in America. “I believe a lot in the product.”
As the call for the decriminalization of drugs steadily picks up steam worldwide, a new study by a British charity concludes there has been no significant reduction in the global use of illicit drugs since the creation of three key U.N. anti-drug conventions, the first of which came into force over half a century ago.
“Illicit drugs are now purer, cheaper, and more widely used than ever,” says the report, titled Casualties of War: How the War on Drugs is Harming the World's Poorest, released Thursday by the London-based Health Poverty Action.
"This approach hasn't reduced drug use or managed to control the illicit drug trade. Instead, it keeps drugs profitable and cartels powerful."
-- Catherine Martin of Health Poverty Action The study also cites an opinion poll that shows more than eight in 10 Britons believe the war on drugs cannot be won. And over half favor legalizing or decriminalizing at least some illicit drugs.
The international treaties to curb drug trafficking include the 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, the 1971 Convention on Psychotropic Substances and the 1988 United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances.
But over the last few decades, several countries have either decriminalized drugs, either fully or partially, or adopted liberal drug laws, including the use of marijuana for medical reasons.
These countries include the Netherlands, Portugal, Czech Republic, Uruguay, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Guatemala, Ecuador, Honduras and Mexico, among others.
According to the report, the governments of Mexico, Colombia and Guatemala seek open, evidence-based discussion on U.N. drugs policy reform.
And “both the World Health Organization (WHO) and UNAIDS not only share this view, but have called for the decriminalization of drugs use.”
Asked if the United Nations was doing enough in the battle against drugs, Catherine Martin, policy officer at Health Poverty Action, told IPS, “The problem is that the U.N. is doing too much of the wrong things, and not enough of the right things.”
She pointed out that an estimated 100 billion dollars worldwide is poured into drug law enforcement every year, driven by U.N. conventions on drug control.
“However, this approach hasn't reduced drug use or managed to control the illicit drug trade. Instead, it keeps drugs profitable and cartels powerful (fueling corruption); spurs violent conflict and human rights violations; and disproportionately punishes small-scale drug producers and people who use drugs,” she added.
The report says UK development organizations have largely remained silent, while calls for drugs reform come from Southern counterparts, British tycoon Sir Richard Branson, current and former presidents, Nobel prizewinning economists and ex-U.N. secretary-general Kofi Annan.
The charity urges the UK development sector to demand pro-poor moves as nations prepare for the U.N. general assembly's special session on drugs next year.
Many non-governmental organizations (NGOs), including British groups, have no lead contact or set process for participating in the session, says the report.
The report claims many small-scale farmers grow and trade drugs in developing countries as their only income source.
And punitive drug policies penalize farmers who do not have access to the land, sufficient resources and infrastructure that they would need to make a sustainable living from other crops.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Alternative crops or development programs often fail farmers, because they are led by security concerns and ignore poor communities' needs, the report notes.
The charity argues the militarization of the war on drugs has triggered and been used to justify murder, mass imprisonment and systematic human rights violations.
The report stresses that criminalizing drugs does not reduce use, but spreads disease, deters people from seeking medical treatment and leads to policies that exclude millions of people from vital pain relief.
Less than eight per cent of drug users have access to a clean needle program, or opioid substitution therapy, and under four per cent of those living with HIV have access to HIV treatment.
In West Africa, people with conditions linked to cancer and AIDS face severe restrictions in access to pain relief drugs, amid feared diversion to illicit markets, according to the study.
Low and middle-income countries have 90 per cent of AIDS patients around the globe and half of the world's people with cancer, but use only six per cent of morphine given for pain management.
Health Poverty Action states the war on drugs criminalizes the poor, and women are worst hit, through disproportionate imprisonment and the loss of livelihoods.
Drug crop eradication devastates the environment and forces producers underground, often to areas with fragile ecosystems.
Asked what the U.N.'s focus should be, Martin told IPS the world body should focus on evidence-based, pro-poor policies that treat illicit drugs as a health issue, not a security matter.
These policies must protect human rights and end the harm that current policies do to the poor and marginalized, she said.
“Drug policy reform should support and fund harm reduction measures, and ensure access to essential medicines for the five billion people worldwide who live in countries where overly strict drug laws limit access to crucial pain medications,” Martin said.
Meanwhile, the report says that drug policy, like climate change or gender, is a cross-cutting issue that affects most aspects of development work: poverty, human rights, health, democracy, the environment.
And current drug policies undermine economic growth and make development work less effective, the report adds.
Edited by Kitty Stapp
The writer can be contacted at thalifdeen@aol.com
Clones of Pong
Knockoff ads
In September 1972, Atari's Nolan Bushnell and Allan Alcorn installed the prototype Pong machine at Andy Capp's Tavern in Sunnyvale, California. The idea was to make a computer game that was "so simple that any drunk in any bar could play." And boy, did they ever.
Now, was Pong a hit because America loved Ping Pong so much that they wanted to play it on TV too? Or as media theorist Douglas Rushkoff has said, was it empowering because finally anyone could control what was on the TV? Either or neither way, people lined up for their chance to "Avoid missing ball for high score," as per the machine's only instructions. Within just a few months, the Pong clone wars had begun.
Atari didn't have the patent on the technology and very quickly the vast majority in the machines eating quarters around the country were knock-offs. Of course, Pong itself was "inspired" by an electronic ping pong game that was in the Magnavox Odyssey home system. To keep up, Bushnell continued to innovate, as did everyone else. Call it a volley between King Pong and his brethren, while an invasion from space was on its way.
For a sense of the absurdity of the era, we present you with this gallery, the Sons of Pong. These "of-the-moment" images were drawn from Everything You Know Is Pong: How Mighty Table Tennis Shapes Our World, a delightful new hardcover history of the sport by Roger Bennett and Eli Horowitz. In its pages, the authors, joined by guests like Jonathan Safran Foer, Nick Hornby, and Davy Rothbart look at the game's impact on global politics, its place of pride in suburban rec rooms, the seductive power of an ace, and the many celebrities who are proud of their paddle skills. The book ends with a chapter that includes many of the images seen here, in which ping pong moves to the screen and then, ultimately, back into the blended reality of today.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 6, 2016, 11:33 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 7, 2016, 12:25 AM GMT By Kevin Monahan, Hannah Rappleye, Stephanie Gosk and Tim Sandler
Six months before Michigan's governor declared a state of emergency over high lead levels in the water in Flint, his top aide wrote in an email that worried residents were "basically getting blown off by us."
"I'm frustrated by the water issue in Flint," Dennis Muchmore, then chief of staff to Gov. Rick Snyder, wrote in the email to a top health department staffer obtained by NBC News.
"I really don't think people are getting the benefit of the doubt. Now they are concerned and rightfully so about the lead level studies they are receiving," Muchmore said.
"These folks are scared and worried about the health impacts and they are basically getting blown off by us (as a state we're just not sympathizing with their plight)."
The problem began in April 2014 when Flint switched from Detroit's water supply to save money and began using water from the Flint River, which has a high salt content.
That corroded the pipes it flowed through and lead from those pipes — which had been undisturbed by Detroit's less corrosive water — leached into the system.
Marc Edwards, a professor at Virginia Tech who has been testing Flint water, says treatment could have corrected much of the problem early on — for as little as $100 a day — but officials in the city of 100,000 people didn't take action.
"There is no question that if the city had followed the minimum requirements under federal law that none of this would have happened," said Edwards, who obtained the Muchmore email through a Michigan Freedom of Information Act request.
One out of every four New York City government workers pulled in pay of more than $100,000 last year — thanks largely to overtime, according to a new study.
“New York City can be a hub of opportunity, and not just for aspiring Broadway stars. All sorts of city workers earn big bucks,” said Adam Andrzejewski, CEO of the government watchdog OpenTheBooks.com, which conducted the study.
About 37,000 of 295,455 full-time city workers receive a salary that tops $100,000.
But the number jumps to 76,166 when factoring in overtime and other extra pay, the group said.
The supplemental pay accounts for 12 percent of the workers' total compensation, or more than three times the 3.5 percent rate in the private sector, according to the study.
Some career choices proved particularly lucrative.
Of the 775 school custodians, 694 cleared $100,000 or more.
And of those 694, 398 exceeded $150,000.
As a result, many custodians made more than principals — who earn between $135,000 and $163,000.
Andrzejewski said New York City is an outlier when it comes to custodians.
“At OpenTheBooks.com, we post 15 million public-employee salaries across America. Only in New York City do the janitors out-earn the principals,” he said.
Some teachers and school administrators were members of the same $100K-plus club.
Of the 106,263 educators working in the school system, 15,821 made the cut.
Tradespeople emerged as big winners at the NYPD, where 39 employees — including stationary engineers, oilers, thermostat repairers and plumbers — made more than the $217,442 paid to the police commissioner in 2016.
Overtime was the biggest driver.
There were 30,942 employees who received between $20,000 and $49,999 in OT, 3,307 who made between $50,000 and $99,000 and 160 who hit the jackpot with $100,000 or more.
Mayor de Blasio's office defended the higher compensation.
“New York City's dedicated public servants, including our police officers, teachers and firefighters, are the hardest-working in the world, and New Yorkers see the results of that hard work every day,” said mayoral spokeswoman Freddi Goldstein.
“Occasionally, overtime is necessary to face unplanned events or meet critical operational need. But we take our fiscal responsibility seriously and are constantly monitoring use citywide to determine if there are areas where we can do even better.”
krockisreal lightinthemind
Contributing writer
SEOUL, Nov. 9 (Yonhap) -- South Korea's punk scene has been in steady decline over the last few years with many clubs in Seoul closing down, but the phoenix of Korean punk music may be rising from the ashes. Last month, at Club Spot near Hongdae, a university campus neighborhood in western Seoul, the compilation album "Them and Us" was released showcasing 11 local punk bands who aim to give the Korean scene a shakeup.
"Them and Us" features bands from different genres of punk and is the first major Korean punk compilation since the 2002 release of "We are the Punks Korea." Each of the 11 bands on the album plays one original song and one cover version, hence the title.
The brainchild of this new release is Jeff Moses from the band Whatever That Means, which is about to embark on a U.S. tour to spread the gospel of Korean punk to a mostly untapped market.
"First and foremost, we wanted to give local bands a chance to record something new," Moses said. "I'm hoping it will draw attention to the local scene. Since Whatever That Means is going on tour in the U.S. in a couple of months, this is a chance to take this music and give it to people abroad."
Moses is passionate about Korean punk bands and is optimistic about their future despite the recent drop-off of interest in the scene.
"The main reason we are going to the U.S. is to open doors for the Korean scene," he said. "Everything we are doing is so that in the future, Korean punk will be like in the '90s when Japanese punk hit really big in America. We want to help Korean bands do that now."
Burning Hepburns at Club Spot (Courtesy of Graham Osborne)
Both Korean and Western musicians feature on the album. Whatever That Means are a mixed Korean/Western band while The Seoul City Suicides are the only all ex-pat band on the album.
"We've got bands from all different genres and labels on the new CD," Moses said. "There is Skasucks, probably my favorite band in Korea, and we play a lot of shows with them. The super talented Burning Hepburn from Daejeon are one of the earliest ska punk bands coming out of Korea, and they've been around since the '90s.
"Another band on the album is The Geeks and they are the most important Korean hardcore band ever. They are the only successful Korean punk band that has done a tour of America."
The punk scene in Seoul has always revolved around the Hongdae area and was probably at its peak in the late '90s and early 2000s with the legendary Skunkhell the major venue for weekend gigs. Skunkhell had its own label and released "We are the Punks Korea." "Them and Us" hopes to rekindle some of the fire of those days.
Skunkhell closed a few years ago and other venues are following suit as Hongdae regentrifies itself with franchise restaurants and chain coffee shops taking the place of live music venues and cheap university take-outs. This doesn't bode well for the local punk scene, but the bands are not going to give up without a fight.
"The punk scene and the hardcore scene has got smaller and smaller over the last couple of years and a big point of this was to draw attention to it and say hey there is stuff here," said Moses. "It is organized, there are live shows. Hopefully people will hear about this show and get the CD and it will make them want to go see other shows."
Seoul City Suicides drummer Raymond P. Fontesque has played in different punk bands on the Seoul scene for the last four years and was over the moon when his band got the call to be on the album.
Whatever That Means at the and Us release
"I'm pretty stoked about being on the album," he said. "Whatever That Means have done a great job of promoting the Seoul punk scene. It's about time that something like this happened and I think it has to keep on happening. There is so much techno music around these days and this is something different."
Skasucks organ player Bum Joo said he liked the idea of different punk bands with different styles coming together to play on the album and hopes it could lead to success overseas. "We usually write our lyrics in English so many people from other countries can enjoy our music," he said. "We want to play overseas and we are trying to make chances and hopefully the scene will grow bigger and bigger."
The future of Korean punk music won't be decided by the release of this album, but it could prove an inspiration to a wave of Korean youth that live on a steady diet of prefabricated pop music. It is just a matter of getting them interested.
"If the high school kids and college kids realize how much they get pushed around and how angry they should be, then Korean punk rock will thrive," Moses said. "It's kind of at a crossroads at the moment. It could go either way."
grahamj.osborne@gmail.com
Sourse:
By Graham OsborneContributing writerSEOUL, Nov. 9 (Yonhap) -- South Korea's punk scene has been in steady decline over the last few years with many clubs in Seoul closing down, but the phoenix of Korean punk music may be rising from the ashes. Last month, at Club Spot near Hongdae, a university campus neighborhood in western Seoul, the compilation album "Them and Us" was released showcasing 11 local punk bands who aim to give the Korean scene a shakeup."Them and Us" features bands from different genres of punk and is the first major Korean punk compilation since the 2002 release of "We are the Punks Korea." Each of the 11 bands on the album plays one original song and one cover version, hence the title.The brainchild of this new release is Jeff Moses from the band Whatever That Means, which is about to embark on a U.S. tour to spread the gospel of Korean punk to a mostly untapped market."First and foremost, we wanted to give local bands a chance to record something new," Moses said. "I'm hoping it will draw attention to the local scene. Since Whatever That Means is going on tour in the U.S. in a couple of months, this is a chance to take this music and give it to people abroad."Moses is passionate about Korean punk bands and is optimistic about their future despite the recent drop-off of interest in the scene."The main reason we are going to the U.S. is to open doors for the Korean scene," he said. "Everything we are doing is so that in the future, Korean punk will be like in the '90s when Japanese punk hit really big in America. We want to help Korean bands do that now."Burning Hepburns at Club Spot (Courtesy of Graham Osborne)Both Korean and Western musicians feature on the album. Whatever That Means are a mixed Korean/Western band while The Seoul City Suicides are the only all ex-pat band on the album."We've got bands from all different genres and labels on the new CD," Moses said. "There is Skasucks, probably my favorite band in Korea, and we play a lot of shows with them. The super talented Burning Hepburn from Daejeon are one of the earliest ska punk bands coming out of Korea, and they've been around since the '90s."Another band on the album is The Geeks and they are the most important Korean hardcore band ever. They are the only successful Korean punk band that has done a tour of America."The punk scene in Seoul has always revolved around the Hongdae area and was probably at its peak in the late '90s and early 2000s with the legendary Skunkhell the major venue for weekend gigs. Skunkhell had its own label and released "We are the Punks Korea." "Them and Us" hopes to rekindle some of the fire of those days.Skunkhell closed a few years ago and other venues are following suit as Hongdae regentrifies itself with franchise restaurants and chain coffee shops taking the place of live music venues and cheap university take-outs. This doesn't bode well for the local punk scene, but the bands are not going to give up without a fight."The punk scene and the hardcore scene has got smaller and smaller over the last couple of years and a big point of this was to draw attention to it and say hey there is stuff here," said Moses. "It is organized, there are live shows. Hopefully people will hear about this show and get the CD and it will make them want to go see other shows."Seoul City Suicides drummer Raymond P. Fontesque has played in different punk bands on the Seoul scene for the last four years and was over the moon when his band got the call to be on the album.Whatever That Means at the and Us release"I'm pretty stoked about being on the album," he said. "Whatever That Means have done a great job of promoting the Seoul punk scene. It's about time that something like this happened and I think it has to keep on happening. There is so much techno music around these days and this is something different."Skasucks organ player Bum Joo said he liked the idea of different punk bands with different styles coming together to play on the album and hopes it could lead to success overseas. "We usually write our lyrics in English so many people from other countries can enjoy our music," he said. "We want to play overseas and we are trying to make chances and hopefully the scene will grow bigger and bigger."The future of Korean punk music won't be decided by the release of this album, but it could prove an inspiration to a wave of Korean youth that live on a steady diet of prefabricated pop music. It is just a matter of getting them interested."If the high school kids and college kids realize how much they get pushed around and how angry they should be, then Korean punk rock will thrive," Moses said. "It's kind of at a crossroads at the moment. It could go either way."grahamj.osborne@gmail.com Sourse: YonhapNews Tags: !article, ...whatever that means, burning hepburn, geeks, seoul city suicides, skasucks Speak
Link
Share
The official website for Kisai Takayama's original anime series Seiren revealed the first two cast members and character designs on Friday. TBS additionally began streaming character videos for the two characters on Friday.
The cast members include:
Ayane Sakura as Hikari Tsuneki, a "modern day meddling princess." She is always cheerful and is the class idol of class 2-B at Teruhi Higashi High School. She was the runner-up of last year's "Miss Santa Contest," and has an exclusive seat on the terrace. She loves to eat, and is occasionally stubborn.
Juri Kimura as Kyouko Touno, a "childhood friend who acts like a student at a girls' middle school." She has been the childhood friend of the protagonist since kindergarten, and they used to play together at a park at the top of the hill. She is an honor student in class 1-A who has excellent grades. On the other hand, she also loves shōjo manga and can also act a bit childish, and has a complex about the two sides of herself.
Takayama is credited with the original work, series composition, and original character designs for the series. Tomoki Kobayashi (Akame ga KILL!, Rozen Maiden) is directing the anime at Studio Gokumi and AXsiZ. Naoto Hosoda (Jinki:Extend, Nagasarete Airantou) is adapting Kobayashi's designs for animation, Satoshi Motoyama (One Week Friends, Little Busters!) is the sound director at Dax Production, and Nobuaki Nobusawa (Dagashi Kashi, Lord Marksman and Vanadis) is composing the music at Pony Canyon.
The anime will premiere in January 2017 on TBS, BS-TBS, and Sun TV.
Takayama is a character designer who has worked on Enterbrain's visual novels, such as True Love Story Summer Days, and yet... , KimiKiss , and Amagami . True Love Story Summer Days, and yet... received a three-episode original video anime project in 2003. KimiKiss inspired a television anime titled Kimikiss pure rouge in 2007. Amagami spawned two television anime titled Amagami SS and Amagami SS+ in 2010 and 2012, respectively.
Source: MoCa News
Image copyright ALLSPORT/Getty Images Image caption Athletes from all over the world have been documenting their arrival in Rio on social media
Brazil may be facing concerns about threats from terrorism and the Zika virus days before the opening of the Rio Games, but the Olympic spirit seems to be gaining ground - on social media at least.
Signs of virtual enthusiasm from gold-medal hopefuls and other athletes are shining through, despite some last-minute glitches at the Olympic Village, the latest being a small fire and theft suffered by the Australian delegation over the weekend.
But the mood is getting brighter - especially on the social media feeds of some Olympic stars who have already landed in Rio de Janeiro.
Star athletes
Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt, the first man to hold the world record for both the 100m and 200m, is the biggest international name to have arrived early.
A buoyant Bolt has been active on Twitter and Instagram, where he entertains millions of followers with pictures of his daily exercises and Jamaican-style meals alongside fellow team members. (@usainbolt)
Image copyright Twitter/Usain Bolt
US swimmer Michael Phelps, who is an eighteen-time Olympic gold medallist, has been warming up fans with some virtual fun, such as a recently launched series of "phelpsmoji" - and a "nice trim" before Rio. (m_phelps00)
Image copyright Instagram/Michael Phelps
National idols
For local Olympic idols, the countdown is proving emotional. One of Brazil's most famous soccer players, Neymar, who currently plays for Barcelona, has been tweeting pictures of his preparations in the city of Goiania.
"God bless us and protect us," he tweeted over the weekend to his 23 million followers. (@neymarjr)
Image copyright Twitter/Neymar Jr
Other medal hopefuls include the women of the Brazilian volleyball team who will fight for their third gold. "Almost there, the emotion is great," wrote captain Fabiana Claudino on a recent post featuring a group photo. (@FabianaClaudino)
Image copyright Twitter/Fabiana Claudino
Popular hashtags
Top Twitter hashtags, such as #OlympicVillage and #Rio2016, have been offering glimpses of the run-up to the Games.
Users can follow the preparations of the competitors. And there are surprises too, such as the unexpected popularity of a fast-food chain established inside the Olympic Village which offers food for free.
These hashtags also have been widely used to report the arrival of international stars such as tennis player Rafael Nadal, who was met by a legion of journalists at the airport on Sunday night. "One of the kings of tennis has arrived", the Rio 2016 organisers tweeted in Spanish. (@rio2016_es)
Image copyright Twitter/@rio2016_es
Many athletes are posting tweets about their daily activities and videos from the Olympic Village and elsewhere. "Love it," British hockey player Henry Weir wrote on Twitter, offering a quick video tour of his accommodation with some "great" waterfront views. (@HENRYweir_)
Brazilian media
Local media coverage of Rio 2016 kicked off in earnest over the weekend as TV Globo inaugurated its high-tech Olympic Studio.
Esporte Espetacular, Globo's mainstream weekly TV sports show, was broadcast from Barra da Tijuca's Olympic Park for the first time on Sunday. The park area is expected to be visited by more than 100,000 people during the Games.
"A very special day," tweeted Glenda Kozlowski, a former bodyboarding champion who is one of Globo TV's main sports anchors. (@glendakozlowski)
The countdown for the Rio Olympics ends on Friday with the opening ceremony at the Maracana Stadium. For those not able to be there, following the party on social media might be just as exciting.
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
Now with more than 3 games played, it gets a little bit easier to sense where all the teams stand. To see last week's rankings, click here. Numbers in (x) are last week's rankings.
1. (2) St. Louis Cardinals (7-3) – The Cardinals are off to a hot start and currently are best in the league in runs, batting average, on base percentage and slugging percentage. Their pitching staff has been solid to, earning them the #1 spot this week.
2. (4) Texas Rangers (8-2) – The Rangers would likely be #1 if not for their easy schedule, playing the Mariners and Twins during the week. The Rangers are a complete team with 4th best batting average, 2nd in slugging, and 2nd in ERA.
3. (7) Los Angeles Dodgers (8-1) – The Dodgers jump up a few spots with the best record in the majors thanks to the hot bat of Matt Kemp. They did have possibly the easiest start to the season, only playing Pittsburgh and San Diego so far but there's no denying the talent.
4. (1) Detroit Tigers (6-3) – After starting 3-0, the Tigers split the next 6 games, including losing to the White Sox 2-1. The Tigers are still one of the best teams in the majors and the Fielder/Cabrera combo will be tough to beat all season long.
5. (18) Washington Nationals (7-3) – The Nats got hot off some of the top pitching performances. Their league best 1.99 ERA and .186 BAA have boosted them to the top of the NL East.
6. (5) Arizona Diamondbacks (6-3) – The Diamondbacks split their last 6 games after sweeping the Giants to start the year. A 6-3 start against all division opponents will be something they can be happy with.
7. (12) New York Mets (6-3) – The Mets also had all divisional opponents so far which makes their 6-3 starts that much better. Their pitching has been surprisingly dominant with the 3rd best ERA and a lot of the younger players performing well.
8. (16) New York Yankees (5-4) – After saying I doubted the Yankees when they started 0-3, they followed it up by going 5-1. Their pitching still leaves a lot to be desired and I don't trust a lot of the younger guys but if their offense stays hot, they will stay in the top of the division.
9. (26) Chicago White Sox (5-3) – The White Sox have shocked me with their hot start against some tough teams. They played Detroit, Texas, and Cleveland and came away being top 10 in ERA, quality starts, BAA and WHIP.
10. (15) Toronto Blue Jays (5-4) – The Blue Jays have looked strong so far this season. Their pitching staff has been one of the best in the league with a 3.20 ERA and 2nd best .199 BAA.
11. (11) Boston Red Sox (4-5) – The Sox still have some concerns in their bullpen but their offense is legit. They're 2nd in AVG, Runs, OBP and 3rd in slugging. If their pitching figures it out and they can overcome the loss of Ellsbury, they'll likely find themselves back in the playoff hunt.
12. (24) Atlanta Braves (5-4) – The Braves went 5-1 during the past week giving them some much-needed momentum. However, their offensive numbers are very mediocre and their pitching has been poor. There's a good mix of young talent and veterans and the Braves might be able to keep the wins coming despite the ho-hum numbers.
13. (3) Tampa Bay Rays (4-5) – After sweeping the Yanks to start the season, the Rays dropped 5 of their next 6 while only scoring more than 2 runs three times. The main concern with the Rays was their bats so that is concerning. Although the Rays have the league the worst ERA at the moment, that's likely due to facing 3 of the best offenses in the majors in Boston, New York, and Detroit.
14. (9) San Francisco Giants (4-5) – Initially though to have one of the top staffs in the majors, the Giants have gotten off to a slow start with a 4.21 team ERA. Lincecum needs to step up big because their current ranking of 10th in runs is likely unsustainable.
15. (6) Los Angeles Angels (3-6) – My pre-season pick to win it all had some serious struggles. They had what should have been some free wins against the Royals and Twins but managed to lose both series before losing to the Yankees. Their 4th worst 5.26 ERA is a major concern on a team with such a high profile staff.
16. (17) Baltimore Orioles (5-4) – Currently in the top half in ERA which is a surprise for the starters they were throwing. Their 4th best slugging and top 10 in AVG have given the Orioles a great start to the year.
17. (28) Colorado Rockies (4-5) – Maybe not surprising when playing at Coors Field, but the Rockies have put up fantastic offensive numbers and poor pitching numbers. With Tulo and CarGo, there's a lot to be happy about at the plate.
18. (10) Milwaukee Brewers (4-6) – Currently in the bottom 3 in ERA, WHIP and BAA, last year's NL Central winners have yet to put it together in the young season.
19. (14) Philadelphia Phillies (4-5) – To no one's surprise, the Phillies are top 5 in pitching, and bottom 5 in offense. You can't ask for much more from their pitching and can't expect more from their offense meaning their 4-5 record might be what you can expect. Once their wounded come back, they might pick it up.
20. (23) Cleveland Indians (4-4) – The Indians had a huge offensive explosion and stand 3rd in the majors in runs. Their pitching has not been great however.
21. (21) Seattle Mariners (6-5) – 7 games against the Athletics can certainly boost your record. They did no fair well against the Rangers and still are likely a bottom dwelling team.
22. (20) Houston Astros (4-5) – The Astros' offense has been better than expected but their 2-4 record during the week drops them down a few spots.
23. (8) Kansas City Royals (3-6) – I clearly overreacted to the young players on the Royals beating the Angels during the first weekend. No big name pitchers will make it tough to win.
24. (22) Miami Marlins (4-6) – The talent is there but they have yet to put it all together. The Ozzie distraction didn't help but I still have high hopes.
25. (13) Cincinnati Reds (4-6) – Last week I described the Reds as very meh. There's nothing exciting about them to me and they are ranked bottom 6 in Runs, AVG, OBP, and Slugging.
26. (27) Oakland Athletics (4-6) – 7 games against the weak Mariners team wasn't enough to get the A's above .500. They did split the last 6 games but the other team they played was the Royals.
27. (25) Chicago Cubs (3-7) – Tough schedule for the first week but they didn't rise to the occasion at all.
28. (19) Pittsburgh Pirates (3-6) – A fantastic start for the pitching in Pittsburgh but the Pirates are ranked dead last in Runs, AVG, OBP, and slugging. They've only scored 18 runs with a .188 batting average.
29. (29) San Diego Padres (2-6) – I'm still trying to think if I can name a single player on the Padres.
30. (30) Minnesota Twins (2-7) – In 9 games, the Twins have 1 quality start. Mauer and Morneau are not hitting and they aren't winning. Plain and simple.
Advertisements
/PRNewswire/ -- Subaru of America, Inc. today reported 63,215 vehicle sales for August 2017, a 4.6 percent increase over August 2016 and marks the best-ever sales month in company history, breaking the previous record set in December 2016 (63,177). The automaker also reported year-to-date sales of 423,728 vehicles, an 8.1 percent gain over the same period in 2016.
August 2017 marks best-ever sales month in company history
marks best-ever sales month in company history Record August - monthly sales increase 4.6 percent over August 2016
69 consecutive months of yearly month-over-month growth
Best August ever for Crosstrek, Impreza and Outback
Best month ever for Crosstrek
42 consecutive months of more than 10,000 Outbacks sold
49 consecutive months of more than 10,000 Foresters sold
August marked the 42nd consecutive month of 40,000+ vehicle sales for the company. Crosstrek, Impreza and Outback sales were notably strong as each model achieved its best August ever. BRZ also enjoyed strong gains over August 2016. Crosstrek sales for August 2017 increased 45.9 percent over the same month in 2016 and marked the first time that Crosstrek has topped 12,000 units in a month.
"Heartfelt congratulations to our retailers who delivered not only the best August sales month ever, but also the best sales month ever in the history of the Subaru franchise with sales of 63,215 vehicles, exceeding the previous record set in December 2016 of 63,177 vehicles," said Thomas J. Doll, president and chief operating officer, Subaru of America, Inc. "Given the overall auto industry conditions, these sales results point to the continued strength of the Subaru brand."
"It was our 69th consecutive month of yearly, month over month sales increases. Our retailers gave a truly exceptional effort and we are on pace for our 9th consecutive sales record," said Jeff Walters, senior vice president of sales, Subaru of America, Inc. "Crosstrek easily had its best month ever and we welcome the all-new 2018 model with the introduction of its advertising and marketing campaign in September that we know will resonate with customers."
Carline Aug-17 Aug-16 % Chg Aug-17 Aug-16 % Chg
MTD MTD MTD YTD YTD YTD Forester 15,528 19,658 -21.0% 118,768 114,769 3.5% Impreza 7,462 5,319 40.3% 58,265 40,284 44.6% WRX/STI 2,528 3,194 -20.9% 21,646 22,488 -3.7% Legacy 4,210 5,800 -27.4% 33,559 41,369 -18.9% Outback 20,327 17,358 17.1% 124,161 109,448 13.4% BRZ 337 302 11.6% 3,006 3,062 -1.8% Crosstrek 12,823 8,787 45.9% 64,323 60,549 6.2% TOTAL 63,215 60,418 4.6% 423,728 391,969 8.1%
About Subaru of America, Inc.
Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Subaru Corporation of Japan. Headquartered at a zero-landfill office in Cherry Hill, N.J., the company markets and distributes Subaru vehicles, parts and accessories through a network of more than 620 retailers across the United States. All Subaru products are manufactured in zero-landfill production plants and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. is the only U.S. automobile production plant to be designated a backyard wildlife habitat by the National Wildlife Federation. SOA is guided by the Subaru Love Promise, which is the company's vision to show love and respect to everyone, and to support its communities and customers nationwide. Over the past 20 years, SOA has donated more than $120 million to causes the Subaru family cares about, and its employees have logged more than 40,000 volunteer hours. As a company, Subaru believes it is important to do its part in making a positive impact in the world because it is the right thing to do.
For additional information visit media.subaru.com. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Michael McHale
Subaru of America, Inc.
856-488-3326
mmchale@subaru.com
Diane Anton
Subaru of America, Inc.
856-488-5093
danton@subaru.com
SOURCE Subaru of America, Inc.
Related Links
http://www.subaru.com
Why you so offended, David?
When he's not bravely defending the right to blackface, claiming the Sydney siege wouldn't have happened if everyone were allowed guns and generally acting like a 4chan thread come to life, Liberal Democrat Senator David Leyonhjelm is big on the ol' free speech. Or, more accurately, Leyonhjelm is big on the ‘right' of people to be complete arsehats to one another without any form of critique or consequence, in the mistaken belief that's that what free speech is.
Leyonhjelm's been especially vocal on the various stoushes around the Wicked Campers company and the backlash the sexist and misogynistic slogans on their vans routinely attracts. Leyonhjelm, whose whole shtick is railing against the “nanny state” and political correctness, has frequently come out against the humourless “wowsers” who take offence to hilarious, just-having-a-laugh phrases like “in every princess, there's a little slut who wants to try it just once” and “fat chicks are harder to kidnap”.
“Surprise, surprise, sexual connotations are part of life. You need to be a particularly wowserish type of person to not find them funny,” Leyonhjelm told the ABC back in April. Hear that, ladies? Jokes about you getting kidnapped and sexually assaulted aren't violent, they're sexual! Because that's what sex is! Why are people so sensitive? It's not like any of this stuff happens in real life anyway.
The wicked wowsers lose another one – Wicked Campers ban rejected https://t.co/FGGBmMNTMi — David Leyonhjelm (@DavidLeyonhjelm) April 27, 2016
To stand in solidarity with Leyonhjelm and men everywhere who think women getting beaten and assaulted is funny, The Chaser‘s Kirsten Drysdale and Zoe Norton Lodge prepared a gift for him: a Wicked Campers van of his very own, complete with side-splitting slogans like ‘The best thing about oral sex from David Leynojhelm — 5 minutes of silence' and ‘Inside David Leyonhjelm is a little slut who wants to try it just once'.
They even went to the trouble of parking it on his street, so he could share in the laughs. Inexplicably, though, Leyonhjelm didn't seem to be overjoyed by his new present, telling the pair to “fuck off” and disappearing inside his house.
Leyonhjelm's since taken to Twitter to explain why he took offence, claiming the Chaser crossed a line between humour and harassment while somehow failing to see that that's the exact point they were trying to make. As always, he kept his critiques classy by retweeting his former advisor calling one of the comedians fat.
Apparently because I don't find this outside my house amusing, I am a free speech hypocrite. Who knew? pic.twitter.com/A88mRX4uB0 — David Leyonhjelm (@DavidLeyonhjelm) June 29, 2016
Whichever way the election goes on Saturday, it;s highly likely that Leyonjhelm will lose his seat and be relegated back to moderating libertarian forums of angry, sweaty men. I'd say that that's an immensely satisfying image to contemplate, but I wouldn't want to offend him.
Photo
Congratulations! Your start-up is now valued at over $1 billion!
This might seem exciting, as though you've won a lottery. But in reality, when you recheck your lottery ticket, you might find you were off by a single number.
You see, being in the Billion-Dollar Start-Up Club limits how, and if, a company can get out of the Billion-Dollar Start-Up Club — at least safely.
The Club is growing quickly. Based on recent financing rounds and stories about the companies, Twitter is valued at $8.5 billion; LivingSocial at $5 billion; Dropbox, $4 billion; Square, $3.25 billion; Spotify, $3 billion; Rovio, $3 billion; Airbnb, $2.5 billion; Pinterest, $1.5 billion; Box, $1.2 billion; Gilt Groupe, $1.1 billion; and Evernote, $1 billion.
Dozens more companies are within arms' reach, including Foursquare, WordPress, GitHub, Quora and Fab.
They have a lot to worry about. First, when you're the most expensive product on the shelf, very few companies can afford to buy you. Apple, Google and maybe Microsoft are on a short list of corporations that could finance an acquisition of this size without reaching for lint in their pockets afterward.
Given that Apple rarely makes acquisitions, that leaves Google, Microsoft and possibly Facebook.
And speaking of Facebook: after its lackluster initial public offering, when its stock dropped by half, going public isn't very appealing. Groupon, valued at $12.65 billion before its public offering at $20 a share, is now trading at a mere $2.98. Zynga, another member of the Club, is now $2.21 a share, down from a high of $15.91 this year.
“As a start-up valuation increases, the options definitely decrease,” said Jon Callaghan, a partner with True Ventures who has been investing since the early 1990s. When you're valued at more than $1 billion, he said, “you have to have a flawless execution, as it's upping the ante quite a bit.”
Some of these companies' valuations might be justified by revenue and growth. DropBox, for instance, has an estimated $500 million in revenue and 100 million users. Others, like Pinterest and Fab, are as overhyped as Pets.com was in Tech Bubble 1.0.
If these companies are deemed overvalued, they may have no option but to perform so-called down round investments, where a round of private financing prices a company at a lower valuation than a previous investment.
That almost happened to Spotify, the music streaming service. In May, the company was ready to close a round of financing that would have valued it at $4 billion. Then Facebook nose-dived, and Netflix, which is the closest example of a subscription-based online service like Spotify, also stumbled. Spotify finally closed a round this month that valued it at $3 billion — $1 billion off its projected valuation just six months ago.
“You certainly have more options at the $10 million valuation and a lot more paths you can go down,” acknowledged Aaron Levie, chief executive of Box, a corporate cloud storage start-up. “But there's a virtue to having less options in that it gives us the ability to focus, and our visibility of what we need to do is much clearer.”
Start-ups with higher valuations can also run into trouble when trying to woo new talent. If an engineer joins a company valued at $10 million that grows to $1 billion, there is an opportunity to get very rich. That is not the case when joining a company already valued at 10 figures that might slip to six or seven figures.
As for Facebook's paltry stock performance affecting other I.P.O.'s, Mr. Levie said this could actually help start-ups by allowing them to stave off investors and focus on their business models.
“Ultimately, it shouldn't be anyone's goal to go public; this is just a financing event to create liquidity for investors and shareholders,” he said. “I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that there are eight to 10 companies that make $1 billion acquisitions in the enterprise space. It's mostly the consumer space where this becomes less probable.”
He added, “There you really only have one suitor: Google.”
Sometimes joining the Billion-Dollar Start-Up Club isn't really as much fun as it might seem.
E-mail: bilton@nytimes.com
Gaming hobbyists have gained massive mainstream acceptance, albeit without much actual mainstream affection. The classic fat nerd stereotype is still going strong. Many pop culture critics insist that popular games are bigoted and sexist, and online gaming is still widely described as a bunch of people in their early teens being homophobic and such. This article is meant to shed more light on the other side, to showcase the creativity, work ethic, and dedication that game fans have in them. These are fans who, simply for the love of the game, took it upon themselves to improve upon the flawed work of paid industry professionals.
10. Knights of the Old Republic II: Restored Content Mod
2006 saw the release of a highly acclaimed, unusually well-written Star Wars game, just in time to prop up people's faith in the franchise after the prequel trilogy soured many fans on the series. IGN called it Game of the Year for its moral ambiguity, citing the option to become a Jedi Knight or a Sith Lord as an excellent touch. However, critics were equally consistent in saying that the game had a certain rushed quality to it, which meant many plot points were sort of dropped too quickly, many characters seemed to vanish suddenly, there were numerous bugs, etc. That's what happens when you race against the clock in order to wash off as much of the stink of Jar Jar Binks as humanly possible. Fortunately, there were a large number of fans out there for whom a shortage of time was their last problem. The group, who creatively called themselves the Sith Lords, put back all the story points, locations, dialogue options, scenes, and so on for the game to be released on schedule. They also fixed so many bugs that one out of the eight versions required five hundred corrections before public release.
9. NES Godzilla Creepypasta
Creepypasta is a type of online horror story intended to be cut-and-pasted into as many Internet forums as possible. For obvious reasons, many of them are about video games. Of these, Creepypasta Godzilla is one of the higher rated ones. It features a guy playing a copy of 1987's Godzilla: Monster of Monsters, which is possessed by multiple spirits that manifest themselves as characters in the game. Although the game itself was considered mediocre to bad even in its time, the story's “screencaptures” and depth of storytelling became popular enough in the Godzilla fandom that it was decided that the game should become “canon,” by including the prominent characters “Red” and “Solomon” in the upcoming monster game Kaiju Combat.
8. Pokémon 3D
Even with thousands of TV episodes, more than thirteen games, and over 700 different fighting animals, fans keep wanting to expand Pokémon. Make it evolve, if you will. One of the most successful was eighteen-year-old Nils Drescher. He took the game Pokémon Gold and switched it to a first-person perspective. Not only does this give the game a more immersive feel that more closely resembles Minecraft than an old Game Boy game, he added more animations to make the all-important Pokémon fights more visually interesting with more animation and camera angles.
7. Chrono Resurrection
This fan creation is a mod of the classic 1995 role playing game Chrono Trigger, which updated the graphics to 3D and made it look gorgeous. That's not too surprising, since the fan crew for it included industry professionals, such a crew member for the graphics in Matrix Reloaded. Square Enix, the holder of the Chrono Trigger copyright, had no tolerance for this and, in 2004, sent a cease-and-desist order that otherwise would have hit the makers with a $150,000 fine. But the fans, as of 2012, were still looking into ways to distribute their game under the radar.
6. King's Quest IX: Silver Lining
King's Quest, largely the brainchild of Roberta Williams, is a landmark game series. Its first entry has been credited with being the first adventure game. But around King's Quest 7 & 8, the series dipped in quality until it became a critical and commercial failure. So fans decided to step in and create the best (and to date final) entry in the series. Completely without permission, a fan group called Phoenix Online Studios created 2010's King's Quest IX, which took ten years of effort to produce 3D graphics better than KQVIII, and which tied together the series to a greater extent than previous entries. Sierra Online initially sent a cease-and-desist order to protect their copyright, which usually would have been the end of it. Except that the series already had the good will of the fanbase and the approval of Roberta Williams, so a petition changed Sierra Online's mind. They allowed a noncommercial release.
5. Elevator: Source
Probably one of the strangest (and best) mods of Valve's Half Life 2, 2012's Elevator: Source from Pixel Tail Games is about being stuck on an elevator. The sound effects, gameplay mechanics, and pacing are all consistent with the everyday tedium of waiting on an elevator in a contemporary office building. Then your elevator car begins to take on other passengers, and slowly the floors that you stop at become stranger and stranger. The surprisingly entertaining game received nearly universal online critical approval.
4. Rhye's and Fall of Civilization
For all the efforts of Sid Meiers, there are numerous aspects of human history that his Civilization series failed to address as it portrayed Earth's great civilizations waxing and waning. Rhye's incorporates many of those aspects, making for a richer if generally less pleasant experience. The 2010 mod for the 2005 game Civilization III added aspects of history such as plagues, international tensions, regions and colonies declaring independence, etc. It also added less inspired, but still appreciated, perks such as new civilizations for the player to select, new combat units, and other little things important to remember if you ever find yourself creating your own real-life civilization.
3. Project Reality
A mod for Battlefield 2 that was in development for eight years, Project Reality is intended to experiment with making combat more realistic and immersive. To that end, the equipment was redesigned, the graphics tweaked, and the gameplay mechanics adjusted. One of the more prominent points of it was to provide advantages to those who use team work, as in real life. For example, equipment and ammunition are more accessible if you keep lines of communication and logistics open with your teammates. Instead of, you know, just finding whatever you need lying on the ground. Hopefully actual injuries and the like will not be part of the next step in this process.
2. Red Orchestra 2: Rising Storm
Most games about World War II focus on the war in Europe, and Tripwire's game Red Orchestra: Heroes of Stalingrad was no exception. But for their follow up, the decision was evidently made to explore the war in the Pacific, and an unusual development process was implemented. Tripwire reached out to the modding community to design their 2013 sequel Red Orchestra 2: Rising Storm. The end result was a highly praised game with many new mechanics that balanced the American and Japanese armies well, and added some excellent game components. Hopefully this won't be the last we see of this process.
1. Day Z
Arma II was not exactly a blockbuster game when it was released in 2009. It was hardly a critical failure or a commercial bomb, but the biggest point of distinction it had been how in 2011, footage from it was mistaken on British television for images of actual acts of terrorism. But in 2012, New Zealand Army veteran Dean “Rocket” Hall added zombies and other intricate mechanics such as “emotion” and “tension” to the previously-dry military game. The mod was so successful that it increased the sales of the games by 500%, and critics fell over themselves praising it. Someone should let Square Enix know about that: maybe they'll reconsider their copyright restrictiveness. Dustin Koski is also the author of Six Dances to End the World, a novel about a dancer who mods reality though dance.
Liked it? Take a second to support Toptenz.net on Patreon!
Other Articles you Might Like
The streets are not safe yet, but I promise they will be.
Him.
A pic on his Facebook, proof of his work.
About Game_Brains I make videogames. Superhero culture is the closest thing I have to a religion. Hopefully one day I will explore space, but meanwhile I´m happy replaying Mass Effect. I seriously want to achieve immortality, not joking on this one. My self appointed mission in life is to make the world a happier place. I´m a walking and talking self help book, also, I TOTALLY BELIEVE IN YOU.
RELATED POSTS
Chelsea fears the latest victim of the club's hamstring curse, Victor Moses, will miss at least four weeks.
Moses became the third Chelsea player in two weeks to suffer a hamstring injury, following striker Alvaro Morata and midfielder N'Golo Kante.
Morata is hoping to return for Wednesday night's Champions League clash against Roma, but Kante is set to miss the rest of October and Moses is facing a lengthy spell on the sidelines.
Chelsea's initial diagnosis put the recovery time of Moses at a minimum of four weeks, meaning he could miss the Premier League clash against Manchester United on November 5.
Head coach Antonio Conte is worried that injuries are threatening to ruin his team's season after being frustrated that Chelsea did not sign more players in the summer.
As a self-proclaimed and certified Newbie, every week it is my goal to throw myself headfirst into all things sci-fi, specifically peering into some of the most critically acclaimed science fiction based TV shows, movies, and literature! I check them out in pure tabula rasa fashion, with typically nada knowledge about the premise and letting the work speak for itself. Afterwards, I will give you the most honest of honest opinions and retreat to my phantom castle on the other side of the internet.
In this week's Confessions, I have gone to the top of the science fiction totem pole and read the short story “—All You Zombies—”, by Robert A. Heinlein.
Robert A. Heinlein was a Navy aeronautical engineer turned writer. He published his first short story in 1939 and became the leader of what became known as the “Social Science Fiction Movement,” gearing his works more towards the speculation of human beings within the context of science fiction.
“—All You Zombies—” was originally published in 1959. It tells a story that I could only describe as “trippy.” I've never read anything like it. Without giving too much away, I can tell you it involves an ouroboros and a time machine. The plot develops around a Bartender who entices a man, known as “The Unmarried Mother”, to tell him how the name came about. The Unmarried Mother is an orphan hermaphrodite named Jane, who has her baby, her virtue, and her dreams of being a…provider of comfort… for spacers snatched away by an unknown man. On top of all that, the doctors who delivered her newborn took it upon themselves to give her a sex change.
In thirteen pages, Heinlein introduces not only time travel, but presents concepts of feminism and the disillusionment of youth in a satirical way, a shocking ending that I couldn't decide whether it was vanity or self-preservation, and so much more.
My only question, one that I'm sure many people have, is who are the zombies? My first thought was that they were the various versions of the protagonist through time because he's (I think) the original, and the others were only mere copies of himself in different stages of life. Then, I thought about it, and the possibilities are endless. The zombies could be us, you and me, everyone outside of the Bartender's cycle because we don't have the monopoly on our creation or our lineage. This story uniquely deals with sequences of time by using different stories that seem to be completely independent of one another, but in actuality are connected and divided by time. If you have an hour (maybe less) to spare, then this shortie but goodie is worth a read. Or, if cinema is more of your style, the bees have been buzzing about a film adaptation, starring Ethan Hawke!
Possibly Related Posts:
Canada, as you may know, is a stickler when it comes to corporate competition. We have a federal commissioner of competition — John Pecman — whose sole job is to ensure Canada has as market-oriented an economy as possible. Just this week, at a banking conference in Toronto, Pecman laid down the Competition Bureau's raison d'être, which is “ensuring that both consumers and businesses prosper in a competitive and innovative marketplace. We do this by cracking down on cartels and abuses of market power, reviewing mergers and ensuring truth in advertising.” As part of its mandate, Pecman said the bureau “advocates the benefits of increased competition in regulated sectors of the economy.”
In that latter role, may we suggest the bureau take a look at a possible early crackdown on a proposal to create cartel-like structures and abuse of market power taking shape within one of those regulated sectors of the economy. Canadians already have experience with state cartels and monopolies — liquor sales, electricity pricing, health care wait times, public transit.
The hot proposal — championed by the media, activists and the federal Liberals — is universal drug coverage. New support for the idea comes in a study published this week in the Canadian Medical Association Journal (CMAJ). The study, led by UBC health economist Steven Morgan, claims billions of health dollars could be saved if Canada were to adopt universal public coverage of prescription medications, aka, pharmacare.
The pharmacare regime supported in the journal study would install a universal government-buying operation, presumably via tender, for all prescription drugs, a move the study's authors say would “save billions of dollars annually.” Even if the government only brought in a limited universal pharmacare system for a small number of so-called “essential medicines,” billions could still be saved.
The study claimed to have evidence that universal drug-buying monopolies (called monopsonies in economics) can slash up to 80 per cent off the cost of 117 medicines identified as essential. The headline numbers look big. Examples of universal bulk buying of drugs reduced costs by 47 per cent in the United States, 60 per cent in Sweden and a whopping 84 per cent in New Zealand. In dollar terms, the net savings on an annual basis from universal buying of these drugs by the government would approach $3 billion, and could be as high as $5.4 billion.
Big numbers, but big problems. For starters, the CMAJ Canada-foreign gap looks extremely high compared with other studies. The Patent Medicines Price Review Board reported last year that the difference in generic prices between Canadian and foreign markets was more like 19 per cent in 2014, and heading lower than generic prices continue to fall.
Any international price comparisons are bound to take us deep into a pharmaceutical jungle where thousands of drugs are sold by hundreds of companies to billions of people and institutions around the world. Take New Zealand, which the CMAJ study finds has drug prices that are 84 per cent below Canada's prices. New Zealand is a unitary state with one level of government, a tiny population of 4.5 million, and no local pharmaceutical industry. All drugs are imported.
We've got monopolies on liquor, electricity, transit… now they want to add medicine
The CMAJ study compared prices of 51 drugs on New Zealand's official drug formulary. Prices look very low in New Zealand, although no details were provided as to why or how the price gap could be so huge. Could it be that the international drug companies use New Zealand as a fringe market where products are dumped?
The study also did not mention New Zealand's persistent problems with shortages of prescription drugs in a system that uses tenders to grant drugmakers supply monopolies.
The claim that Sweden's drug costs were 60-per-cent lower was based on a comparison of 28 drugs, although in 12 of the comparisons Swedish prices were higher or about identical. The CMAJ study, in other words, extrapolated billions in savings on the basis of lower prices on 16 drugs on Sweden's universal list imposed on a country whose health care system is notorious for some of the world's longest health care waiting lists and unavailable doctors.
The CMAJ pharmacare example from the United States has limited application to Canada. It used data from the U.S. department of veterans affairs, which negotiates drug prices for America's 20 million veterans. Of 55 drugs compared, 12 were equal to or higher in price than in Canada. In any case, the U.S. veterans affairs drug purchase system remains a relatively small part of the overall national market. It is large enough to be big, but not so big it exerts market power or threatens national competition in the industry.
The CMAJ study is built on classic central planning claims that large government monopolies, as buyers or sellers, can streamline an industry, reduce costs, control the market and remove wasteful duplication. But the functioning reality is another matter. Quebec has something like universal pharmacare but its costs keep growing. A 2015 report said the province needed increased political intervention to bring it under greater control and reduce fly-away expenses.
Nobody would argue that Canada's pharmaceutical system is cheap or the most efficient. Thanks to a balkanized regime under the control of provincial jurisdictions with a heavy federal oversight, the dominant structure is one of central planning, not market forces.
The typical result of state monopoly control, in microcosm, is health-care wait times. The Ontario government holds a monopoly on the supply of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in the province. Current wait times for MRI appointments is four to five months compared with the official government target of 28 days.
Health care, and especially the looming threat of a national pharmacare cartel, looks like a job for the competition police in John Pecman's office.
Hoping to end the 2011 Southeastern Conference Tournament on a high note, No. 3 Florida Gators baseball took on the No. 4 Vanderbilt Commodores in the winner-takes-all championship game on Sunday afternoon at Regions Park. Behind a terrific performance by junior left-handed starter Alex Panteliodis (5-2), the Gators (45-16) fought their way to a 5-0 shutout victory over the Commodores (47-10) to capture the team's first SEC Tournament title since 1991.
Florida struck first in the bottom of the second, utilizing a pair of throwing errors to plate the first run of the game. Redshirt sophomore first baseman Vickash Ramjit walked with one out, and an infield single by junior left fielder Daniel Pigott followed by a bad throw by Vanderbilt's shortstop advanced him all the way to third.
Sophomore third baseman Cody Dent followed with a sacrifice bunt, but a throwing error by the Commodores' first baseman allowed him to reach and let Ramjit (1-3, R, BB) cross the plate. Sophomore shortstop Nolan Fontana, the next batter, hit a ground out to score Pigott from third and put the Gators ahead 2-0 through two innings.
With the score unchanged, Panteliodis reached his pitch count and was lifted after striking out five, allowing five hits and giving up one walk in 5.1 superb innings. He also got Florida out of a number of jams they faced, stranding multiple Vanderbilt base runners, many of whom were threatening the Gators in scoring position.
Looking to increase their lead in the bottom of the seventh, Florida found themselves with one out and men on first and third with junior right fielder Preston Tucker at the plate. Tucker (0-3, RBI) fouled out to deep right, giving the Gators a 3-0 lead as Fontana (1-4, RBI, R, BB) came home from third.
Junior LHP Nick Maronde, in as the second reliever, recorded a one-two-three inning in the eighth, forcing the Commodores to fly out thrice. Florida had their offense clicking again in the bottom half of the inning, loading the bases with no outs recorded. After a pitching change, Pigott (2-3, RBI, R, SB) was hit by a pitch and Dent (1-2, 2 RBI, BB) was walked, increasing Florida's lead to 5-0 as senior second baseman Josh Adams (2-4, R) and sophomore designated hitter Austin Maddox (1-4, R) came around to score.
The Gators headed into the top of the ninth bringing Maddox in to close, three outs away from capturing the title. After allowing the lead-off hitter to crank a double to left field, Maddox got back-to-back batters out but gave up a single left to find himself with men on first and third. He then forced the final batter into a pop out, earning his sixth save of the season in the process.
Florida, which will host a regional for the 2011 NCAA Tournament at McKethan Stadium in Gainesville, FL, now awaits their seeding in the event. The Gators' SEC Tournament victory may have earned them the No. 1 overall seed. Seedings for the 64-team tournament will be announced Monday live on ESPN at 12:30 p.m.
2011 SEC Tournament Honors
Most Valuable Player: LF Daniel Pigott, Florida
All-Tournament Team: Pigott; P Hudson Randall, Florida; SS Nolan Fontana, Florida
Feminism is the pursuit of equality in regards to women's rights. It has manifested across centuries and continents through is the pursuit of equality in regards to women's rights. It has manifested across centuries and continents through various movements, currents and ideologies
Welcome to the feminism community! This is a space for discussing and promoting awareness of issues related to equality for women.
Recommended introductory reading:
Issues related to women's rights:
Our FAQ also has sections on issues related to LGBT rights and men's rights.
Other Recommended Subreddits
For a larger selection of civic issues subreddits, click here
Posting Rules
- all posts and discussions must be relevant to women's issues
- all posts must come from an educated perspective
- promoting regressive agendas is not permitted
- be respectful and courteous
- respect the "assume good faith" principle
Rules regarding debating:
Criticism of feminist concepts/organizations/persons is welcomed if it meets the following criteria:
- it is topical/directly relevant to the topic at hand;
- it is verifiably sourced (i.e. it doesn't rely on mere dismissiveness/speculation, non-feminist preferences or anecdotal evidence. In particular, pure anti-feminist propaganda is not allowed, since personal non-/anti-feminist preferences are deemed as not informative or relevant); furthermore, presentation of relevant data must not be biased against the feminist position (i.e. there should be the best effort to include the evidence/arguments supportive of the feminist position);
- it is properly qualified: i.e. it correctly identifies the problem at the appropriate level, instead of unwarrantably generalizing it, especially if it does so for the whole collection of movements that constitute feminism;
- all ideological considerations must contribute to understanding the feminist perspective, and be consistent with an attitude of encouragement towards further learning.
If you haven't had a chance to poke around SB Nation too much, one of the many interesting blogs is Beyond The Box Score. They provide a sabermetric view of baseball and are one of the older blogs on the network.
One of their writers, David Fung, puts together a variety of infographs related to baseball. Earlier today he approached me with an infograph he had put together about the 49ers (he's a fan). It is not super technical, but rather helps to visualize the various keys to the 49ers success in 2011. We've discussed this success just about every day for the last 2+ months, but I've posted the infograph after the jump for a visual representation. You can view more of David's infographs on Tumblr and follow him on Twitter @cobradave.
The turnovers and the rushing numbers are the ones that jump out to most people, but average starting position has been huge for the 49ers. They rank first with an average starting position at the 33. Just as important, they rank first in opponent's average field position with an average of the 24-yard line. The offense has been a bit inconsistent this season, but getting them set up in great field position is huge.
We can thank great punting and kicking for the opponent's field position. We can thank Ted Ginn Jr. and the defense for the 49ers own great starting field position. Tomorrow, both of those stats will be key against the Ravens.
(Times of Israel) Norway's foreign minister on Friday condemned the Palestinian Authority for naming a women's center in the West Bank, funded in part by the Scandinavian country, after a female terrorist.
“The glorification of terrorist attacks is completely unacceptable, and I deplore this decision in the strongest possible terms. Norway will not allow itself to be associated with institutions that take the names of terrorists in this way. We will not accept the use of Norwegian aid funding for such purposes,” Norwegian Foreign Minister Borge Brende said in a statement.
Brende's comments were made in reference to a new women's center opened earlier this month in the West Bank town of Burqa. The center was named after Dalal Mughrabi, who took part in the 1978 Coastal Road Massacre. Mughrabi and several other Fatah terrorists landed on a beach near Tel Aviv, hijacked a bus on Israel's Coastal Road and killed 38 civilians, 13 of them children, and wounded over 70.
As the “Occupy Wall Street” movement catches fire, spreading copycat protests to towns and regions all over the globe, organizers and supporters say the mainstream media are not keeping pace.
Current TV's Keith Olbermann lashed out at what he called a “media blackout” more than a week ago, and activist Michael Moore joined him two days later to rail against traditional media's scant spotlight on the nascent protest movement.
But, polemics aside, is it really true that this revolution is not being televised? It turns out there are objective reasons the decentralized movement, which is protesting what it says is the undue political influence of major financial firms, has not generated more and better coverage.
According to the New York Observer, which has been keeping tabs on the media coverage of the Occupy actions, both broadcast and print media have been present from the inception, with ABC posting a blog and the local CBS affiliate airing a short clip on Sept. 17, the first day the group encamped around New York's financial center.
Fox News, too, aired a bit about the anti-Wall Street activists on Day 1.
Tom Rosenstiel, director of The Project for Excellence in Journalism (PEJ) at the Pew Research Center, notes that coverage of the events involving the Occupy protests represented 12 percent of the economic stories, or about 2 percent of all the news studied in PEJ's News Coverage Index last week.
“It is complicated and probably fraught to compare different news events that occur years apart,” he says via e-mail, “but that is more than the tea party received initially when it held its first rallies in February 2009.”
[ Video is no longer available. ]
However, the Observer points out, coverage is missing the bigger picture in favor of the simple narrative, noting, “when the shows started interviewing protesters, they were more focused on the actions of the police than what the protesters were fighting about.” This includes the YouTube video of a New York policeman pepper-spraying young women and the mass arrests on the Brooklyn Bridge over this past weekend.
No surprises there, says Mark Naison, a history professor at Fordham University in New York, who argues that broadcast media favor simple visual narratives. If the imagery does not lend itself to a quick explanation, and the subjects themselves intentionally represent many points of view, as is the case with the Occupy movements, then the journalist's task becomes complicated.
“The media has focused on the pepper spray incidents and the arrests on the bridge because these are familiar to them,” he says, noting that there were issues of police mishandling of protesters in New York City when the Republican National Convention was held there in 2004.
But, he notes, the protesters themselves are not familiar.
“Middle-class, educated young people, many of them clearly countercultural in appearance – dreadlocks, tattoos, multicolored hair, etc., – all camping out in the heart of a city's financial district, is not something anyone expected to see in the US,” he says. This is more familiar in Europe and Latin America, he notes, “but not in the USA.”
There is confusion, he says, adding that people are wondering, “Where did they come from? Why are they doing this?”
What reporters for the print and broadcast media are only now starting to grasp as this spreads nationwide, says Professor Naison, is how many middle-class college-age kids in the US can't find jobs that secure middle-class status.
“In fact, there are enough of them to fuel a pretty big protest movement,” he says.
If the Occupy groups desire better mainstream media attention, they need to polish their communication skills, says Richard Goedkoop, a communications professor at La Salle University in Philadelphia.
“Part of its initial problem in gaining media coverage was its lack of a charismatic and quotable leader, which would allow news outlets to cover more than groups of (mostly) young people in centers of commerce,” he says via e-mail.
“Another problem is that the message behind these demonstrations have not been very quotable and precise,” he says. “What are they about? What do they specifically want?”
While news coverage is building, there could be more, he notes. “Supporters cynically might choose to blame it on the conglomerates that own these media organizations: Comcast, News Corp., Disney, etc.”
Because the brunt of the message is actually about them, he asks, “Is it in their best corporate interest to inform the public about their own failings?”
But if coverage is in fact skimpy, the reasons are likely more prosaic, says Mark Tatge, Pulliam distinguished professor of journalism at DePauw University in Indiana.
“The media that would normally cover this – mainstream media – is under severe economic pressure,” he says, pointing out that upwards of 30 percent of the reporters and editors who used to work for newspapers, TV stations, and magazines have been laid off.
“Ironically,” he adds, “some of these layoffs come at the hands of Wall Street investors who wanted fatter profit margins from media companies.”
If this says anything about media it is this, says Professor Tatge: “We are getting less coverage about events that predict or foreshadow what is yet to come.”
After the massive success of Hearthstone's first adventure, Curse of Naxxramas, Blizzard is ready to give players even more to do in the strategic, Warcraft-based card battler.
An upcoming expansion announced at PAX Prime by Game Director Eric Dodds will add about 100 new cards to the game's growing collection, as well as a new type of pack.
Massively spoke with Dodds at PAX, asking if the load of additional cards would disrupt the game's balance.
Dodds agreed that maintaining balance is a challenge, but spoke highly of their internal testing team's ability to keep things in order.
This expansion will be one of several things the Hearthstone team is hard at work on, which also include an Android port of the game and spectator mode.
If you're still working your way through Hearthstone's first expansion, the solo adventure Curse of Naxxramas, check out our guides below.
Darkness, Now with More Eras [Monday Meeting Notes]
Monday Meeting
Well, here I am writing in another snow mini-event. Seems like a pattern is emerging. I'm on to you, Jack Frost!
Usually, I title these Monday Meeting Notes with a wee bit of wordplay and a heapin' helpin' of stupid punnery. But today, it's actually pretty accurate. We started the nWoD Dark Eras Prestige Edition Kickstarter last Thursday, and last Friday we were funded (thanks, backers!). Which means that there is a chapter containing an historical time period for each of our nWoD gamelines in the basic book.
The “basic book”, you say? Yep, because now that we're funded we've started asking folks to vote on which Dark Era we should add to the book next after passing the next Stretch Goal amount. We already passed a Stretch Goal where an Era for Changeling: the Lost in Germany during the time of the Brothers Grimm was added. And right now we're looking at either a chapter of Neolithic Mage, Wild West Geist, or Werewolf Vikings to be added next. Because these are Stretch Goal extras, they are all added value to the beautiful book itself. (The proposed cover design is my picture this week). Having backers be part of choosing the next Dark Eras was our plan all along for this Kickstarter campaign, and we hope you can check it out and join in on deciding what goes into this book.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/200664283/world-of-darkness-dark-eras-prestige-edition
If you want to talk to us about Dark Eras, we're going to be holding a Twitter Chat session with the Dark Eras developers and writers (well, as many of them who can) on Weds, February 4th starting at 8pm EST US and running at least an hour, maybe more if we're getting the questions to keep going. You can either follow the #DarkEras hashtag or stay up to date through the Onyx Path Twitter account at @theonyxpath. Go ahead and ask us anything about the book! And if you can't make it, please go ahead and write up your questions in the comments here and we'll get them added to the mix during the chat.
Monday meeting was mostly about more ways to spread the word about this Kickstarter, like interviews and reviews and such, and our usual look at the lists you see below every week. Eddy talked a bit about his Pugmire playtest group and how he is organizing that, and a bit about job interviews and how they can really vary from company to company. Having done my fair share of interviewing as interviewer during both my WW and CCP days, I'm always interested in how this is done. Was it a Human Resources person, and/or a manager? Did you sit with the different teams you would be working with? Did they use the Interview Questions playbook and metrics, or was it a free-for-all and gut-level? Was there a written test? After the interview, did they take you out to a meal, to a bar? Idle curiosity really, but I do find it indicative of a company ethos in how they look for new employees.
And here are our current gang of projects, although a fair number of our writers are pretty new:
DEVELOPMENT STATUS FROM ROLLICKING ROSE (Projects in bold have changed listings)
First Draft (The first phase of a project that is about the work being done by writers, not dev prep)
W20 Pentex Employee Indoctrination Handbook (Werewolf: the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition)
M20 Book of Secrets (Mage: the Ascension 20th Anniversary Edition)
Cursed Necropolis: Rio (Mummy: the Curse)
Secrets of the Covenants (Vampire: The Requiem 2nd Edition) – In Open Development
Exalted 3rd Novel by Matt Forbeck (Exalted 3rd Edition)
Demon Storytellers' Guide (Demon: the Descent) Extension to writers was given.
Beckett's Jyhad Diary (Vampire: the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition)
M20 Anthology (Mage: the Ascension 20th Anniversary Edition)
Demon Translation Guide (Demon: the Fallen and Demon: the Descent)
Changeling: the Lost 2nd Edition, featuring the Huntsmen Chronicle (Changeling: the Lost 2nd Edition)
Redlines
Mummy Fiction Anthology (Mummy: the Curse)
Arms of the Chosen (Exalted 3rd Edition)
W20 Shattered Dreams (Werewolf: the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition)
Mage: the Awakening 2nd Edition, featuring the Fallen World Chronicle (Mage: the Awakening) – In Open Development
W20 Novel by Mike Lee (Werewolf: the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition)
Wraith: the Oblivion 20th Anniversary Edition
W20 Changing Ways (Werewolf: the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition)
“Sardonyx” System Rules (Base rules set for Scion and the Trinity Continuum)
Second Draft
Beast: the Primordial core book (Beast: The Primordial)
V20 Black Hand: Guide to the Tal'Mahe'Ra (Vampire: the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition)
Development
V20 Red List (Vampire: the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition)
V20 Ghouls (Vampire: the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition)
Promethean: the Created 2nd Edition, featuring the Firestorm Chronicle (Promethean: the Created) Being playtested.
M20 How do you DO that? (Mage: the Ascension 20th Anniversary Edition)
Editing
Development (post-editing)
V20 Lore of the Clans (Vampire: the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition)
Exalted 3rd Fiction Anthology (Exalted 3rd Edition)
Sothis Ascends (Mummy: the Curse)
ART DIRECTION FROM MIRTHFUL MIKE
While visions of sugar plums danced in the heads of some children awaiting Saint Nicholas, visions of revised classic textbooks, revealing biographies, and enlightening popularizations danced in mine. This month, as I considered the 52 books Physics Today reviewed in 2013, the five below surfaced as the most "intriguing" ones based on their reviews. Separate from this exercise, four of the featured book authors were also interviewed throughout the year for Bookends (links to each Q&A are included in the summaries below).
Such lists are always open to debate. Which books should have made the cut? Which ones should have been left off? What is this book editor's definition of intriguing, and does it match yours?
On the last question, I encourage you to read the review summaries below and the full reviews (linked to the titles), and judge for yourself. Then share in the comment section your own top five list—from this past year, or of all time—of nonfiction science books; don't limit yourself to books reviewed by Physics Today.
Robert Oppenheimer: A Life Inside the Center by Ray Monk (Doubleday, 2012; $37.50). In Monk's Q&A, the author of two other biographies says of J. Robert Oppenheimer, "he is the most complex, and unfathomable, subject I have ever taken on." Reviewer Paul Rubinson, a historian at Bridgewater State University in Massachusetts, uses the word "enigmatic" to describe the so-called father of the atomic bomb. And that's despite the handful of bios written in the past decade alone that attempt to explain the man who "suffered from depression since his youth," rose to become the "respected scientific leader of the Manhattan Project," and fell from grace as a high-ranking government adviser.
'Science dominates [Monk's] book," writes Rubinson. Monk himself writes that he aims to present "Oppenheimer's life as it was shaped and driven by his desire to understand physics." But even as the book "excels in discussing Oppenheimer's science and in explaining why he succeeded and why he more than once narrowly missed a tremendous breakthrough," Rubinson also concludes that the author's emphasis on "Oppenheimer the scientist" obscures "Oppenheimer the man."
Life's Ratchet: How Molecular Machines Extract Order from Chaos by Peter M. Hoffmann (Basic Books, 2012; $27.99). In his Q&A, Hoffmann says the purpose of Life's Ratchet "was to show that physics can answer one of the most perplexing questions of how life works: How do we create order out of chaos?" Physics, he added, would ask the same question this way: "How is it possible that molecular machines do not violate the second law?"
However, writes reviewer and University of Maine physicist Dean Astumian, Hoffmann's initial restatement of the second law incorrectly suggests that no "processes" result only in the conversion of random energy into ordered energy. A more precise statement mentioned later in the book, writes Astumian, correctly focuses on "the impossibility of cyclic or repeatable processes that convert random energy into concentrated energy." That quibble aside, Astumian concludes that Life's Ratchet "does an excellent job of conveying the tension" between the mechanical and chemical descriptions of molecular machines and overall "offers a fascinating glimpse" into a research topic "that lies at the intersection of biology, chemistry, and physics."
Einstein's Jewish Science: Physics at the Intersection of Politics and Religion by Steven Gimbel (Johns Hopkins U. Press, 2012; $24.95). "One might imagine that everything important and worth saying about [Albert] Einstein has by now been said," writes reviewer and University of Notre Dame philosopher Don Howard. As a physics magazine's books editor who receives a steady stream of "Einsteinographies," I often wonder the same thing—this year we managed to review "only" three such books. But of a man that important, the history is "virtually inexhaustible," says Howard. Of Einstein's Jewish Science, Howard claims that there is "no better English-language source" documenting "the ugly, public assault on Einstein in early 1920s Germany," when Einstein's theory of relativity was damned as "Jewish physics" for encouraging "a more general relativism in morality, culture, and politics."
Attempting to flip that pejorative on its head,Gimbel considers whether there might not, in fact, be some truth to the characterization of Einstein's physics as, in some sense, 'Jewish.' In his Q&A, Gimbel admits, "there is not a cause-and-effect connection between Talmudic and relativistic thought." Still, the book is, "by design, highly provocative, writes Howard." The tension level is high. And few readers will disagree with Gimbel's concluding sermon about how Einstein's physics, philosophy, and larger worldview represent a model of cosmopolitanism in a world still grappling with problems of difference, discrimination, and persecution."
Electricity and Magnetism by Edward M. Purcell and David J. Morin (3rd edition, Cambridge U. Press, 2013; $80.00). To many an undergraduate physics student, the whole textbook-purchase thing may seem like a scam: Pay upwards of $200 for an introductory text, then get next to nothing for it on the secondary market a year later because a subsequent edition is the new requirement. That is not the case for Purcell's famous E&M, originally published in 1963, updated more than two decades later in 1985, and only this year appearing in its third edition.
Since Purcell died in 1997, the new edition features a new author: Harvard University's David Morin, who "sticks closely to Purcell's original," writes reviewer Henry Stroke, a physicist at New York University. One significant change is the switch to meter-kilogram-second units; Purcell had refused to switch from centimeter-gram-second for the second edition. Also, in many places, the third edition "amplifies and clarifies the previous editions," writes Stroke. "For example, Purcell covered electromagnetic induction and Maxwell's equations in a single chapter; in Morin's update, the topics are split into two chapters and Maxwell's equations are more extensively discussed."
Clearly, Purcell's E&M matures slowly, and has taken on a life of its own; I won't be surprised to see the fourth edition appear another two decades from now.
The Physics of Wall Street: A Brief History of Predicting the Unpredictable by James Owen Weatherall (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2013; $27.00). Five years removed, perhaps some readers are finally ready to learn about the physicists and mathematicians who revolutionized the modeling of financial markets, and who, some believe, contributed to their collapse in 2008. If that describes you, University of Maryland econophysicist Victor Yakovenko writes in his review that you'll find most of the characters in The Physics of Wall Street to be "brilliant, maverick minds, determined to study what they find interesting no matter where they find it."
The main sentiment in the book, writes Yakovenko, is "Weatherall's admiration of how mathematical models that were developed in physics and related disciplines found useful and relevant applications to financial markets—human-based systems that seemingly have nothing to do with conventional physics." But considering such market-driven social paradoxes as income inequality, the reviewer argues for constructive collaboration between economists and physicists in addressing the urgent problems of the world. Thanks to changing attitudes, he writes, physics departments are now "beginning to embrace econophysics and other broader applications of physics methods—and rightfully so. The economy is too important to be left to the economists."
Special Mention. Amazon.com's top 20 list of "2013 Best Books of the Year: Science," features one book reviewed in Physics Today. Mario Livio's Brilliant Blunders: From Darwin to Einstein—Colossal Mistakes by Great Scientists That Changed Our Understanding of Life and the Universe(Simon and Schuster, 2013; $26.00), was reviewed in August by Donald Simanek at Lock Haven University in Pennsylvania. Livio, writes Simanek, corrects some historical misconceptions, including going to great lengths but finding no document or account of Einstein ever calling the cosmological constant "his biggest blunder."
Onthe morning of 8/8/2014, Falcom posted an earnings update for the third quarter, and the financial year will come to a close at the end of September.
This report represents the dates of 10/2013 through 6/2014.
Year Before Current Year Percent Changed Sales ¥ 631,000,000
(approx. $6,183,550) ¥ 861,000,000
(approx. $8,437,460) ?36.4% Operating Profit ¥ 48,000,000
(approx. $470,380) ¥ 294,000,000
(approx. $2,881,080) ?512.1% Operating Income ¥ 48,000,000
(approx. $470,380) ¥ 295,000,000
(approx. $2,890,880) ?505.3% Third Quarter Net Income ¥ 30,000,000
(approx. $293,990) ¥ 197,000,000
(approx. $1,930,520) ?537.7%
Falcom has attributed much of these number increases to licensing of games, thanks to the favorable sales of the English released titles on the download-only Steam platform, as well as the Asia release of Sen no Kiseki.
The report also notes that they are showing an 8% increase in sales for manufactured goods. On 6/2014, Sen no Kiseki was released in the Asian region in Chinese and Korean- selling the game in Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Korea- and they have reported seeing a number of stores sell out on their copies. The fans in that region have shown a high appreciation for the series. Not only that, but Sen no Kiseki was re-released in Japan with the lower cost Super Price Edition in June 2014.
The licensing department saw a large 75% increase from last year, at ¥ 465,000,000 (approx. $4,556,810) in sales. English language software on the Steam platform saw high sales, Ys Memories of Celceta saw strong sales in both North America and Europe, and the Japanese release of Ao no Kiseki Evolution on the Playstation Vita in June 2014 saw favorable sales as well.
At this point, they are leaving the current numbers for the earnings forecast to be released in Sept 2014:
Projected Earnings Percent Changed Sales ¥ 1,900,000,000
(approx. $18,619,240) 3.2% Operating Profit ¥ 750,000,000
(approx. $7,349,700) 5.5% Operating Income ¥ 750,000,000
(approx. $7,349,700) 5.4% Net Income for Term ¥ 460,000,000
(approx. $4,507,820) 5.5%
[ Gamebiz.jp Article ]
[ Falcom IR Report (PDF) ]
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Related
A Severance man faces two charges of animal cruelty after he allegedly tied two of his ex-lover's sheep to a pair of trees in order to win back her affections.
William Brent Allen, 42, was arrested by a Weld County sheriff's deputy May 22 on suspicion of aggravated cruelty to animals after a woman he dated for several months told police he took two of her sheep living at his residence and tied them to trees without food or water May 4 at Blue Spruce Park in Severance, according to an arrest affidavit.
Around 1 or 2 a.m. that morning, Allen sent the woman text messages about the sheep, according to the affidavit, saying he wanted her to meet with him. He said he would tie up the sheep at a bar in Severance if she did not meet with him, according to the affidavit.
After refusing to meet with Allen, the woman went back to bed and awoke hours later to text messages from Allen saying he tied up the sheep and she needed to go get them, according to the affidavit. Some of the messages were reportedly derogatory, calling the woman a "whore," "slut" and terrible person, according to the affidavit.
The sheep were unable to get free, according to the affidavit, and one was strangled to death due to the way it was tied up. The second sheep was found later that day by a jogger, according to the affidavit.
More text messages to the woman from Allen were apologetic for the death of the sheep, according to the affidavit, with Allen worried he might lose his job and daughter over the situation.
Recommended Stories For You
The woman later told authorities she believes Allen tied up the sheep to coerce her into continuing their relationship or to punish her for ending it, according to the affidavit.
Allen was booked into the Weld County Jail on May 22 and released the next day after posting a $7,000 bond. He faces two misdemeanor charges of animal cruelty — neglect or mistreatment, and will next appear in Weld County District Court at 4:30 p.m. June 19 for a pre-trial conference.
Allen was previously convicted on a domestic violence charge in Logan County in 2006 and an assault charge in Washington County in 1998.
Tweeg: a Twig to JS compiler
Tweeg is a compiler for the popular PHP template engine Twig. It converts templates to JavaScript. Not being a PHP fan, to say the least, I don't particularly like Twig. But it does the job. At eMAG we're using PHP + Symfony on the server, and Twig is pretty much non-negotiable at this point.
Sometimes we need to render the same template on the server (on initial page load) and also on the client (when we update stuff via AJAX requests). So far, such cases were rare, so we wrote separate templates for JS using a slightly modified version of John Resig's micro-templating. It sucks, but it did the job. However, we will soon face the situation that we'll have to duplicate dozen of templates, just because Twig was not supported in JavaScript. So I took upon myself the lovely task of writing a Twig parser and compiler.
Halfway through, a colleague pointed out a similar package (twig.js). Tweeg was already better in a number of ways, so I didn't give up:
Tweeg is a compiler, which twig.js is not. (issue)
Tweeg supports string interpolation, which twig.js doesn't
Tweeg is much smaller.
eMAG kindly agreed to open-source this package under the MIT license, so here it is. Usage details in the README.
PS: I would welcome a Gulp plugin for it. ;-)
Add your comment
Mark and I were discussing some of the newbie traps in the Haskell ecosystem, particularly in libraries. They're a recurring topic for us and we finally decided to round some of the more common ones up into a list. Hopefully this prevents some pain in the future.
Partial functions
This is a classic case of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. The language has handed you all the tools you need for confidence in your design, and you ruin it all by trying to fill an inside straight. What's especially frustrating is that there are a bunch of partial functions in the Prelude where new people can find it tempting to use them.
You'll want to be wary of these listed functions in Prelude at a minimum. The particularly egregious ones are:
fromJust
head / tail / !! / init / last
/ / / / maximum / minimum
/ read
These may be ok when applied to literals, or in a test suite where any exception is going to be flagged anyway. Often even these can be avoided with quasiquoters.
Sometimes you'll see test code with something like the following:
{-# LANGUAGE OverloadedStrings #-} module Main where import Data.Aeson import Data.Maybe (fromJust) john :: Value john = fromJust $ decode "tasmanian devil" main = print john
Where they're using fromJust to ignore the potential for the JSON parse to fail. This has several problems including increasing the likelihood that there's a runtime exception instead of a type error. It's also not a good habit to get into as you definitely don't want to do anything like this in your programs. A good alternative to this is aeson-qq, where the following causes a type error:
{-# LANGUAGE QuasiQuotes #-} module Main where import Data.Aeson import Data.Aeson.QQ john :: Value john = [aesonQQ|tasmanian devil|] main :: IO () main = do print john
Whereas this does not raise an error at compile-time and results in john being a well-formed Aeson Value :
john = [aesonQQ| {"age": 23, "name": "John", "likes": ["linux", "Haskell"]} |]
Control.Concurrent.Chan
This point isn't limited to Haskell and applies to designing robust concurrent systems. Control.Concurrent.Chan is an unbounded FIFO, and there is never a good reason for them. If the producer is slower than the consumer you could have used a blocking, limited-capacity channel. If the consumer is slower than the producer your memory fooprint will grow until something uncontrolled like the OOMKiller puts your straining program out of its misery. We recommend unagi-chan's bounded channels or TBQueue.
What you're looking for here is back pressure, a design principle common to software and physical engineering disciplines. You want the signal that your consumers are saturated to be available within your program, not to happen via the kernel's OOM assassin. For that to happen, you need channels to be of bounded capacity. If they're bounded, then your producers have a chance to decide to do something different when consumers are taking too long to process data. You can wrap your bounded FIFO insert in a timeout and return something like Either TimeoutError () where () indicates the insert succeeded. From there you can take some sort of remedial action. One option for remedying the overload, albeit usually a last resort, is called load shedding which means you start dropping work until there's capacity to start processing all the data again. A simple option is to start by blocking your producers on the insert until the consumers catch up again. This could lead to things upstream happening like your web worker pool getting starved. Your web app's worker pool is bounded too, right? This is a good thing as response times can be used as a signal by your load balancer to direct work to less overloaded servers.
Some recommended resources on back pressure in concurrent & distributed systems:
String
String values are sometimes unavoidable, such as when you're working with types in base like FilePath . When this happens, grin and bear it or use a more structured alternative. One of the main reasons Haskellers warn folks off String aggressively is that unlike other programming languages, String is not backed by array types. It's built on a linked list which can lead to absurd memory consumption for seemingly innocuous quantities of data.
One alternative to the Prelude's functions which return String is to use the Data.Text.IO module. A String is fine if you have small and not numerous bits of data, so no need to go on a crusade. Otherwise, you want Text for human readable text data and ByteString for arbitrary binary data, data going over a network, or for UTF-8.
This does not always mean a benchmark program will show Text being faster than String . Short-cut fusion and other optimizations can go a long way if you're not actually materializing the String values.
foldl
foldl' is always what you want, don't use foldl ! foldl will always have to examine your whole list, so there's no reason to make your accumulator lazy. If you accidentally use foldl you might be using a lot more memory to do the same work as is necessary. The Haskell Wiki has a good article on this topic.
Lazy IO
Most new people use lazy IO without meaning to and then discover they were using it as an unpleasant surprise when their program breaks. There are several ways to avoid lazy IO:
Use the IO APIs for ByteString or Text , whatever fits your use-case better.
Use a library that offers a strict IO API but still returns String values.
When the work you're doing fits a streaming model, use Conduit, Pipes, or Streaming.
N.B. Lazy IO has some defenders in the Haskell community but this should be viewed as an unnecessary risk.
Abandonware
Haskell has been around since the late 80s, GHC Haskell as a project since the early 90s. The package ecosystem mostly exists on Hackage and has been around for quite some time as well. Accordingly, there are a lot of packages on Hackage and not all of them are maintained or up to date.
You'll need to watch out for abandoned or disused packages. We can't tell you every single package not to use, so we've written up some guidelines and techniques for gauging how well maintained a package is.
First, look at upload date, factor in whether it might be “done”. A package with an upload six months ago might be fine if it's complete and there hasn't been a GHC release since then, but you'll have to calibrate for how stable the package is meant to be. Something that had a release a year ago but is 10% done is probably a no-go except as a source of code snippets.
This page listing packages and how many other packages depend on them can be useful for identifying how widely used packages are, but it works better for foundational libraries than things only used in applications. The reason for this is that the data is calculated from Hackage itself. Accordingly, it works better for a package like errors than esqueleto, but is still a good quick read.
You can also use the download counts and package download rankings on Hackage. Download counts can serve as a good complement to reverse dependencies as it's more a measure of what application developers are using. You can get the listing of top packages by downloads or you can inspect an individual package's page to see downloads. At time of writing, Bloodhound had 3161 total downloads, 186 in the last 30 days. Keep in mind that Hackage's content delivery network hides downloads from the Hackage app server, so the numbers aren't meaningful in terms of exact magnitude, only relatively.
If you really want to dig in, you can also check the source control history. Usually this'll be git and often on Github. Linked on Bloodhound's package page is the Bloodhound Github project. From there you can inspect the commit history and pull requests to see if it is actively developed. A graveyard of pull requests not getting merged with no replies from the maintainers is a bad sign!
This cigar was reviewed blind (no bands) by a panel of at least 4 reviewers. They did not know what they were smoking beforehand. The scores are an average of all the reviewers' scores with outliers removed.
Vital Stats:
Vitola: Toro
Length: 6″
Ring Gauge: 52
Country of Origin: Honduras
Wrapper: Ecuadorian Corojo
Binder: Honduras
Filler: Honduras
Factory: Oscar Valladares Tobacco & Company
Blender: Jim Robinson & Oscar Valladares
Number of reviewers: 5 —– Milton (mjohnsoniii) Gregg (McGreggor57) Jason H. (Jokey Smurf) Emmett (rhetorik) Cindy (Ms_CindyLynn)
Price: $9.00
Age: 2 Months Rest
Release Date:
Contributed by: Puros de Ballard
Initial Impressions
Appearance: 92
“This was a very nice looking Toro-sized cigar. It's by far my favorite vitola. Its color is a deep chocolate and is firm with a few small veins.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
Aroma: 91
“From the wrapper I get a slightly sweet smell, and from the foot slightly spicy. The cold draw reveals a caramel flavor.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
First Third
Flavor: 93
Strength: Mild-Medium
Body/Complexity: Medium
“A woodsy start with peppery retrohale are the initial flavors, quickly followed by some ground coffee beans. The spice is short lived. Oak and leather join the coffee with a hint of muskiness. The flavors are pretty mild and work well together.” –Gregg (McGreggor57)
“Right off the bat I noticed a white pepper zing, especially through the nostrils. The smoke was very oily, and coated my palate well. I picked up a lot of woodiness as the cigar heated up. The wood flavors, primarily oak, were pleasant and surprised me considering the sweetness I initially experienced.” –Jason H. (Jokey Smurf)
“Before lighting, the cold draw presented itself with a sweet cedar flavor. Bakers spice and roasted coffee started from the beginning. It was a smooth smoke that had a slight nuttiness. Towards the end those flavors stepped back from a sweet cedar taste with slight bitterness.” –Cindy (Ms_CindyLynn)
Second Third
Flavor: 93
Strength: Medium
Body/Complexity: Medium
“This cigar really opened up flavor wise for me during the second third. A creaminess developed, with less of the oak and some leather notes. The pepper also faded a bit, but a spiciness developed, carrying hints of clove and cinnamon. I noticed a slight tanginess in my throat during this third, and the oily characteristics of the smoke deepened. I also noticed a little nicotine kick in this section…surprising since I rate this as medium strength to this point.” –Jason H. (Jokey Smurf)
“The spice has picked up in this third with some pepper flavors. It is balancing nicely with the chocolate and caramel flavors that are still hanging around. Towards the end of this third, the flavors shift to a more woody taste, which is a very nice change.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Final Third
Flavor: 94
Strength: Medium
Body/Complexity: Medium
“A small crack opened up as I drew close to the final third but ultimately didn't affect the smoking of this cigar. The strength kicked it up a notch but wasn't overwhelming. The spiciness of ginger had taken over at that point with cedar and the bitter chocolate creeping back in.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
“As the cigar progressed into the final third, the pepper returned and the baking spice flavors faded away. The wood flavors also returned, staying with me for 30-60 seconds after each puff. A creamy leather note also came and went from puff to puff…I like this! Surprisingly, the nicotine kick faded as the cigar drew to a conclusion…there was just enough present during the middle section to remind me that this wasn't a mild cigar, and it demanded my attention.” –Jason H. (Jokey Smurf)
Overall Impressions
Draw: 93
“The draw was on point throughout the entirety and enabled me to taste every nuance this cigar offered through its rich, creamy smoke.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
Burn: 95
“Great tight ash that held on an inch or more at a time. Very good burn line.” –Gregg (McGreggor57)
Construction: 96
“My first ash lasted beyond the halfway point of this cigar, and the ash never fell again until I ended the smoke. The ash was bright white and heavy…even after falling to the concrete floor it remained in one large chunk and I was able to easily pick it up with my fingers. Very well done!” –Jason H. (Jokey Smurf)
Overall Strength: Medium
Overall Body/Complexity: Medium
Overall Experience: 94
“Overall, this was an excellent smoke and one that I'd love to try again. I would have hoped for more of the strength earlier in the cigar that kicked in during the final third but was happy with what I got nonetheless.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
“A very enjoyable smoking experience. While mild in flavor, there were enough changes to keep it interesting throughout. This might not be a cigar for special occasions, but smoking one in the morning with a cup of coffee is sure to start your day off right.” –Gregg (McGreggor57)
“This was a pleasure to smoke. No real effort was needed to have a great experience, and trouble free performance. The flavors were interesting and pleasurable…with enough change to keep me guessing. This cigar burned slow and cool from light to nub…I hope to smoke another soon!” –Jason H. (Jokey Smurf)
“The cigar started out very well and I was excited about it until the final third. The plug I hit really took it's toll on the whole experience, but I do want to try it again to see what the final third is like as I am sure my construction issues were isolated. I really enjoyed the first two thirds and I am curious to see what this is.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
“Overall, this cigar was very good. I would smoke it again, most likely in the morning or early afternoon with a nice cup of coffee or espresso. I think it's 5 pack worthy and would recommend to someone else.” –Cindy (Ms_CindyLynn)
Smoking Time (in minutes): 92
Total Score: 94 (Excellent)
Reviewer Appea-rance Aroma 1/3 2/3 3/3 Draw Burn Constr. Overall Overall 92 91 93 93 94 93 95 96 94 Milton 92 92 93 93 95 93 88 90 93 Gregg 90 90 93 90 95 90 97 95 95 Jason H. 92 92 95 95 93 97 97 100 95 Emmett 85 90 93 90 83 85 85 80 85 Cindy 97 95 95 95 95 100 97 97 95
To view the complete scores and notes, click here.
Blind Cigar Review: Puros de Ballard | The Leaf by Oscar Corojo Toro
Premise: If we don't remember death each day, we are bound to neglect what is actually important in life, our perspective will be skewwhiff. True or false?
Please humor me by doing this experiment! 🙂 You'll need 10 minutes or so. Get out a pen and piece of paper (or its hi-tech equivalent). Now please ask yourself the following questions, one by one, giving yourself time for each one to close your eyes and think carefully about it first, before moving onto the next question. Then write down your answers:
(1) If I was never going to die, what would I do today?
(2) If I was going to die in 50 years, what would I do today?
(3) If I was going to die in 10 years, what would I do today?
(4) If I was going to die in 1 year, what would I do today?
(5) If I was going to die in 1 month, what would I do today?
(6) If I was going to die in 1 week, what would I do today?
(7) If I was going to die today, what would I do today?
***********************************************************************
Do the answers change? Which answer do you reckon is the most realistic or makes the most sense?
Can you work out from your answers what matters most in your own life? And what matters most to you today?
Looking forward to reading your feedback! Please comment below, and share this article if you like it.
Like this? Please share it: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Print
Email
Pocket
Google
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Illinois needs law on medical marijuana
Letter to the Editor
Voters in Michigan approved their medical cannabis proposal, following 12 other states in allowing doctors to recommend cannabis for serious medical conditions.
This should come as no surprise since polling on this issue shows consistent support for allowing sick people to use medical marijuana pursuant to the recommendation of a physician. In Illinois a lot of progress was made during the 2008 legislative session with the Compassionate Use of Medical Marijuana Pilot Program bill. SB 2865 picked up three new co-sponsors this year, and the bill's lead sponsor, Sen. John Cullerton, a Chicago Democrat, sat down with law enforcement to listen to their concerns and then amended the bill to address those concerns.
SB2865 passed the Senate Public Health Committee with a 6-4 vote and is now awaiting a vote on the Senate floor, which must take place by January 13, 2009, per legislative rule.
Doctors can legally prescribe many otherwise illegal substances, such as OxyContin and morphine. The same should be true for cannabis, especially since there has not been one documented overdose fatality from cannabis, which is not true for many substances found in most homes' medicine cabinets.
Ultimately, the decision of what medicine is best for an illness should be left up to the patient and the doctor, not prosecutors and police.
Dan Linn
Chicago
We recently had a chance to take a closer look at a near complete build of Splatoon and, with two months remaining until release, the game is looking remarkably polished. Equipping players with paint guns instead of gaming's typical selection of assault rifles and other high calibre weaponry, Nintendo has approached the multiplayer arena shooter with fresh eyes, resulting in a fresh new experience that is welcoming for hardcore and casual players alike. Despite its unfamiliarity with the genre, Nintendo has manages to produce a visually striking game that delivers a level of polish one would expect from any of its high-profile releases.
At its heart lies the foundation of a proper shooter and as such, a stable frame-rate is a must. Fortunately, even in its unreleased state, Splatoon delivers a near flawless 60fps update across the board with only the occasional dropped frame detracting from the fluidity - mostly unnoticeable in action, and something that could well be ironed out in the game's final run of optimisation. The chaotic nature of the game mixed with a free aiming system certainly presents a performance challenge beyond the scope of most Nintendo games, but the results here are uniformly excellent. Without pushing the limits of the final game we can't give our final verdict on the matter but, at this stage, things are looking very good indeed.
Unfortunately, image quality isn't quite as impressive with Nintendo targeting an expected 1280x720 without any sort of anti-aliasing to smooth out the edges. The visual design does a good job of minimising aliasing but we can't help but feel that a bit of AA would have made a huge difference here. Distant structures often appear jagged while finer details are lost to shimmering but, overall, the look works. In fact, the strong visual language and bright colors distinctly recall the burst of creativity Sega enjoyed during the tail-end of the Dreamcast era.
Perhaps the most interesting visual element in Splatoon lies in its use of brash colour. The paint mechanic is key to the gameplay, allowing players to freely cover the entire stage in their assigned colours in order capture territory. It's a neat implementation that appears rather similar to the gels in Portal 2, which used surface-embedded sprites to efficiently paint the level while dodging potential visual artefacts. The way in which paint gradually layers over the environments or opposing colours is quite effective and nice shader work gives the paint an appropriate gloss.
Our initial look at the performance in Splatoon reveals a remarkably stable 60fps frame-rate, with just minor fluctuations. Of all the first party developers, Nintendo is the most dogged in its insistence on 60Hz gameplay.
Other visual elements appear strong as well - the industrial visual design is mixed with bright colours and strong lighting that help to build a vibrant, inviting world to play in. The game world is bathed in nicely filtered shadow maps while texture work appears relatively sharp - though perhaps unsurprisingly, anisotropic filtering is not employed here. The animation quality is also excellent across the board and helps give the cute characters real personality as they dive in and out of the paint soaked playground. The skybox even makes use of a nice soft focus depth of field effect creating a nice sense of scale. Overall it's a lovely game with a look all its own.
From what we've seen thus far, Splatoon holds a lot of promise. We've been disappointed by the number of unfinished games reaching the market lately, so it's a pleasant surprise to find an actual work-in-progress game in such spectacular shape some way out from its eventual release. In short, it's a beautiful new game in a genre Nintendo has typically avoided, filled with plenty of new ideas.
Even at this stage it seems to be yet another case of Nintendo doing what Nintendo does best; delivering high performance games that maximise the capabilities of the target platform. Despite the recent doom and gloom surrounding the Wii U with Nintendo's recent jump into mobile gaming and the early announcement of its new NX console, the Nintendo's existing hardware continues to deliver some great experiences. The Wii U's medium to long term future may look uncertain, but the creative fires of the developer still burn bright. Based on what we've seen of Splatoon so far, Nintendo continues to produce some of its more polished and visually satisfying games yet.
Image: Bloomberg
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates says if he could go back in time, there'd be something more intuitive than the two-handed Ctrl-Alt-Delete command to interrupt a process.
Gates' made his latest remarks about the command at a Bloomberg business forum when asked by Carlyle Group's David Rubenstein why he chose Ctrl-Alt-Del for logging on to a Windows machine.
As he did some years ago, Gates pinned the blame on the IBM engineers responsible for the IBM PC keyboard at the time.
Grinning, he answered: "The IBM PC hardware keyboard only had one way that it could get a guaranteed interrupt generated. So, clearly the people involved, they should have put another key on it to make that work. A lot of machines these days do have that as a more obvious function."
Rubenstein pressed Gates further, asking whether he regretted doing it that way. Gates sidesteps the question but admits he might do things differently now.
"Well, I'm not sure you can go back in life and change small things in your life without putting other things at risk. Sure, if I can make one small edit, I'd make that a single-key operation."
In 2013 Gates said it was "mistake" requiring the three keys before logging in to Windows, and also blamed IBM engineers who "didn't wanna give us our single button".
The three-key function was created by IBM engineer David Bradley who intended for it to be shortcut to rebooting an IBM PC.
On a panel in 2011 with Gates, Bradley said, "I have to share the credit. I may have invented it, but Bill made it famous", by using it for the Windows NT logon.
As Ars Technica noted at the time, the function was initially a BIOS feature, but Microsoft made it software feature in Windows 3.0's Enhanced Mode.
Later, Microsoft hoped to sell Windows NT to the US government, which required a Secure Attention Key (SAK) that only the operating system could respond to. This stipulation was to prevent malware from spoofing a login prompt. Ctrl-Alt-Del became Windows' SAK.
Previous and related coverage
Bill Gates: 'Robots that take jobs should be taxed just like the people they replace'
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates thinks governments should impose something akin to an income tax on each robot that replaces a human.
iPhone X expensive? No, $999 is a 'value price', says Apple CEO Tim Cook
Apple's new iPhone X $999 price tag only looks expensive, according to Apple chief Tim Cook.
More on Windows
An estimated 40,000 British Columbians who are fighting small claims or strata disputes each year will soon be able to use their laptops or handheld devices to access a government system that aims to resolve legal matters quickly and cheaply.
Attorney-General Suzanne Anton said Tuesday the government is set to introduce Canada's first mandatory online tribunal system to settle minor disputes involving small claims court and strata councils without setting foot in local courthouses.
She said amendments to the Civil Resolution Tribunal Act will make online justice the first stop to settle disputes, but the parties still have the option to take the matter to court.
Story continues below advertisement
"Our goal is to make these cases start off in the tribunal itself," said Anton.
"This is very new technology. We're actually the first in the world to be doing this. You can start your claim at midnight from your desktop at home."
She said the online tribunal will involve a three-stage process, starting with attempts by both sides to resolve the issue on their own, progressing to mediation and concluding with a tribunal member with powers to decide the matter.
Anton did not have an exact timeline for the program's implementation, but she said it would start later this year with a voluntary online system.
She said people with strata disputes currently end up in B.C. Supreme Court or trying to settle their differences in other ways.
"Everybody knows somebody who's been in a strata nightmare," said Anton. "Often, it's about something fairly minor like a tree or a parking spot."
Tribunal chairwoman Shannon Salter said in a statement issued the Ministry of Attorney General that the online tribunal will increase access to justice for British Columbians "by helping them to resolve strata property and small claims disputes fairly, quickly and affordably, from the comfort of their own home."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Vancouver Island Strata Owners Association president Sandy Wagner said in a statement issued by Anton's ministry that the online method offers cheaper, accessible and timely resolutions to disputes.
Lauren Conrad at an event for a “low-calorie spiced rum” in Los Angeles last year. Photo by Charley Gallay/Getty Images for Malibu Island Spiced
Lauren Conrad has come a long way from her beach-bum days on Laguna Beach. She's a fashion designer with a huge following and a great deal of influence—three fashion lines, several books—which is why many were thrilled to see her take a stand for body positivity today, banning words such as thin, slim, and skinny from her lifestyle and fashion blog, especially in reference to health and fitness:
It's that time of the year again… swimsuit season. I make an effort to eat healthy and exercise all year round. But when summer hits and the layers of clothing come off, fitness becomes even more of a priority for me. So with that in mind, our June theme here on LaurenConrad.com is going to be Shape Up. You can expect all the great fitness content you've come to know and love here on the site, including my LaurenConrad.com Bikini Boot Camp series. But, you'll also notice one key difference…
When we've talked about getting in shape in the past, words like “skinny,” “slim,” and “thin” have often come up. Starting this month, we'll be banning any body shaming terms from the site, and replacing them with words like “fit” “toned,” and “healthy.” We try to do to [sic] this for the most part anyway, but now we're making it official! The word skinny will now be reserved for skinny jeans. My editorial team and I had a long talk about it, and we want to make sure that the focus is on being fit as opposed to a number on the scale. Every body is created differently—and healthy bodies come in all shapes and sizes.
Eliminating words about weight and size in reference to fitness is a well-intentioned move, and Conrad should be commended for questioning the widespread notion that someone's pant size says anything about her physical fitness. But is her message body-positive or simply fitness-positive? And anyway, hasn't “fit” become the new “skinny” already?
Let's start with the obvious: The entire post assumes every woman is worrying about getting a “bikini-ready” body—pacing her room, surrounded by magazines and pictures of women with taut tummies, perky butts, and statuesque arms, fretting over how to look her best for all those sangria-soaked trips to the beach. It's that time of year again … swimsuit season. Implication being that we need to gear up and get fit—something Conrad is prepared to help us do, as her June theme will be “Shape Up.”
This isn't just Conrad's assumption, as anyone who remembers Protein World's beach-body poster controversy knows. (That ad just made its way to America, by the way.) Fitness has become its own religion. For some, kale is revered like holy water. Men on dating apps say they want “healthy” women as a socially acceptable way of saying “no fatties.” Words like fit, healthy, and toned are, in a way, even more vexing than skinny. What does an amply “fit” body look like? And before you say the whole point is that it's not about how you look, remember this fitness theme is being presented specifically because of bikini season, when “the layers of clothing come off.” You don't have to be skinny, but you're going to be awfully naked, so wouldn't it be great to be fit? the post seems to imply, hands gripping tighter and tighter on a bottle of kale juice. It's the same old message, repackaged: “Your body isn't presentable as-is. Let's fix it.”
Although Conrad writes that “healthy bodies come in all shapes and sizes,” it seems she only feels obligated to clothe some of them: At least two of her clothing lines do not offer plus sizes. So, either not all “healthy” bodies deserve to be clothed, or girls above a certain size simply don't exist. But don't worry, if you do enough bikini yoga and drink enough fructose-free smoothies, you, too, could get the “fit,” “toned,” “healthy” body you always dreamed of. And it has “nothing” to do with being “thin.”
Dealing in Dallas
Photography by Caitlin Cronenberg
You wait decades for a movie that properly tells the story of how AIDS ravaged America — and then three come along at once. It's director Jean-Marc Vallée's good fortune that his new film, Dallas Buyers Club, gets there first. We have to wait until early spring to see Chris Mason Johnson's award-winning Test, set in San Francisco in 1985, and Ryan Murphy's all-star adaptation of Larry Kramer's Tony-winning play The Normal Heart. All three projects take audiences back in time to the worst years of the epidemic, but Dallas Buyers Club, which endured an epic and complicated journey from page to screen, may be the most startling of all, with a homophobic redneck as its unconventional hero.
In a mesmerizing performance as the real-life Ron Woodroof, Matthew McConaughey stars as a womanizing junkie who becomes radicalized by an AIDS diagnosis in 1986. Told he has 30 days to live, Woodroof refuses to go quietly into the night, quickly establishing a black market in experimental drugs shipped across the border from Mexico. Jared Leto plays his unlikely sidekick, Rayon, a transgender addict and AIDS patient who partners with Woodroof to provide the drugs to a clamoring base of desperate customers. As with Oskar Schindler, the German industrialist who became an unlikely savior of Jews in Nazi-occupied Europe, the motivation is not entirely pure — there are profits to be made — but the consequences are profound. Woodroof himself lived another six years, and the film suggests that many others survived at least as long, if not longer, as a result of his drug-running exploits.
If Dallas Buyers Club is a little vague on exactly what Woodroof was importing, its David vs. Goliath subtext — like last year's Oscar-nominated documentary How to Survive a Plague — is a master class in self-empowerment and community-building. Woodroof's relationship with Rayon is by turns cynical, antagonistic, and, finally, tender and devoted. That the movie avoids sentimentality is a plus.
A lot has been written about McConaughey's astonishing weight loss for the role, but for Leto, playing Rayon demanded not just shedding weight — he says he stopped counting when he dropped to 112 pounds — but imagining life as a transgender HIV-positive woman in the 1980s Dallas. To get there, Leto lived as Rayon on-set and off. “I chose to stay in character the entire time, because there was too much to lose by turning it off after every take,” he says. With his eyebrows waxed and his body skeletal, he'd run routine errands and clock the reactions he was getting. He recalls three, alone, from a trip to Whole Foods: “One was, ‘Wait a second, is that Jared?' And then, ‘No, it can't be.' The second look was, ‘What is that?' And the third was, ‘I don't like that.' That last look was really powerful — to feel that hatred, that confusion, that repulsion,” he says. “Of course I was able to look at it in a clinical way, with all the safety that provides. I couldn't imagine having to deal with that all the time, and how hurtful that would be.”
The experience, not just in Whole Foods but throughout filming, was instructive for Leto, who scored the part after testing for the role in full drag. What is striking about his performance is the subtlety and serenity he brings to the role, which is a composite of several real-life people; there are none of the stereotypical theatrics we've come to expect when Hollywood tackles transgender characters. “I remember sending advance word, saying, ‘Listen, this is great, I want to do this, but I want to make sure that everyone's OK with me playing this part as a person who is choosing to live as a woman, and not as a cross-dresser,' ” he recalls. “I think there are a lot of people who don't know the difference.”
Playing characters in extremis is nothing new to Leto, who won critical raves as heroin addict Harry Goldfarb in Darren Aronofsky's Requiem for a Dream. And his comeback vehicle — after a six-year hiatus to develop his music career with the band Thirty Seconds to Mars — suggests the absence has only sharpened his ambitions. “It's kind of like what Sir Edmund Hillary said when they asked him, ‘Why climb Everest?' and he replied, ‘Because it's there,' ” says Leto. “I feel that way about these roles. The greater the challenge, the deeper the reward. I'm really feeling like I'm the luckiest person on the planet right now.”
Watch a clip from Dallas Buyers Club featuring Leto as Rayon below:
Due to him violating the league's substance abuse policy, current free agent running back Karlos Williams will miss the first four games of 2016 regular season. However, once he's eligible to play again, you can expect that a few teams will be interested in kicking his tires and one of them could potentially be the Pittsburgh Steelers.
According to Sal Capaccio of WGR 550 Radio, sources close to the situation tell him the Steelers continue to show interest in Williams, who was released recently by the Buffalo Bills. Being as Karlos Williams is the younger brother of Steelers linebacker Vince Williams, this news probably isn't overly surprising to many if it is indeed true.
Source close to situation tells me Steelers continue to show interest in former Bills RB Karlos Williams. His brother Vince plays for them. — Sal Capaccio ? (@SalSports) August 29, 2016
During his 2015 rookie season, Williams rushed for 517 yards on just 93 carries and seven rushing touchdowns.
If Karlos Williams has hopes of resuming his NFL career in 2016 after serving his four-game suspension, he'll need to get himself back in shape while a free agent. According to several reports, the Florida State product gained a considerable amount of weight during the offseason.
“Obviously he's not anywhere close to where he needs to play at a high level,” Bills head coach Rex Ryan said this past June. “So we've got to get some weight off him and he certainly understands that.”
If anyone can straighten out Karlos, it's probably his older brother Vince, who just signed a new contract with the Steelers last week. This will certainly be interesting to watch develop and it should be noted that interest doesn't mean he will eventually be signed.
Chance the Rapper performs onstage during Day 1 of Squamish Valley Music Festival on Aug. 7, 2015 in Squamish, Canada.
Chance The Rapper won't be taking the stage as scheduled for a charity event Monday night (May 9) after being hospitalized, a source tells Billboard. The Chicago rapper was slated to perform at New York's Terminal 5 for the "Night For NYC" event tonight, hosted by the Robin Hood organization to raise money in the fight against poverty. According to the event's site, general admission for one costs $150 while deluxe admission runs at $250; 100 percent of every dollar would help "feed a family of four for one week."
The Robin Hood organization also announced on Twitter that artists Anderson .Paak, Mark Ronson and Joey Bada$$ will be performing at tonight's event in place of Chance The Rapper. This isn't the first time the MC born Chancelor Bennett has canceled a performance. In 2014, he was forced to cancel his Coachella set after falling ill and being sent to the hospital.
Chance the Rapper Performs New Tune 'Blessings' on 'Tonight Show': Watch
Bada$$ offered his well wishes on Twitter. "Looks like I'll be performing at Terminal 5 tonight in NYC covering for my brother @chancetherapper get well bro I got you [‼️]," he tweeted.
Looks like I'll be performing at Terminal 5 tonight in NYC covering for my brother @chancetherapper get well bro I got you ‼️ — BADMON (@joeyBADASS) May 9, 2016
Chance recently performed on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last Thursday night (May 5), where he debuted his new track "Blessings" off his forthcoming project, Chance 3, due May 13.
Chance the Rapper's Co-Sign Gives Fan Petition for Grammy Eligibility of Free Music a Push
A rep for Chance The Rapper did not immediately respond to Billboard's request for comment.
UPDATE: Chance The Rapper revealed that he came down with pneumonia on Twitter. "Thank you @joeyBADASS and @AndersonPaak for filling in for me and supporting a great cause. GREAT Men. I got pneumonia but #Chance3 still," he posted (May 10).
ninjamyst Profile Joined September 2010 United States 1903 Posts #1 Sorry if this topic has been covered before but I tried searching and didn't find any relevant past topics.
How come most teams outside of Korea do not have coaches? Take TeamLiquid and EG for example. Who monitors the players' practice schedule? Who gives them good insights on their replays? Who works with them on their strengths and weaknesses? If a player is just laddering all day without good analysis of their play, it's not very beneficial. The player of course will go back and analyze, but it seems like a coach's perspective will be much more helpful. Team members can help but it's still not the same as a dedicated coach right?
teh_longinator Profile Joined March 2010 Canada 725 Posts #2 If anything, I'd say that having teammates is BETTER than having a dedicated coach. Team wouldn't need coaches if their teammates just worked very hard amongst eachother.
You can have ONE guy checking your replays, and giving his insight, or you can have TEN doing the same. That way, you get more ideas how to do one thing, and increase the amount of reactions you can have.
FatkiddsLag Profile Joined May 2010 United States 411 Posts #3 EG does. incontrol. hes mentioned that before. all your base..... and that whole thing
1Eris1 Profile Joined September 2010 United States 5797 Posts #4 On November 30 2011 11:51 eLe.Long wrote:
If anything, I'd say that having teammates is BETTER than having a dedicated coach. Team wouldn't need coaches if their teammates just worked very hard amongst eachother.
You can have ONE guy checking your replays, and giving his insight, or you can have TEN doing the same. That way, you get more ideas how to do one thing, and increase the amount of reactions you can have.
Shouldn't your teammates be focusing on their own replays/games? If they are checking yours, how are they getting better?
To anwser the OP, because there are very few organized teams that all stay in the same place, or that could afford one. Shouldn't your teammates be focusing on their own replays/games? If they are checking yours, how are they getting better?To anwser the OP, because there are very few organized teams that all stay in the same place, or that could afford one. Known Aliases: Tyragon, Valeric ~MSL Forever, SKT is truly the Superior KT!
kazie Profile Blog Joined September 2010 256 Posts #5 i think korean teams are bigger than most foreign teams arent they?
also i guess it's a legitimacy thing carried over from bw, while foreign teams dont have that expectation so they dont want to spend/waste money on it
Azzur Profile Blog Joined July 2010 Australia 5901 Posts #6 On November 30 2011 11:51 eLe.Long wrote:
If anything, I'd say that having teammates is BETTER than having a dedicated coach. Team wouldn't need coaches if their teammates just worked very hard amongst eachother.
You can have ONE guy checking your replays, and giving his insight, or you can have TEN doing the same. That way, you get more ideas how to do one thing, and increase the amount of reactions you can have.
Disagree - having a coach has been PROVEN to work (see korean BW / SC2 teams).
The most likely reason is that as a coach, you tend to get no fame / money, which is why the majority of foreigners prefer to be players. However, I do see that there will be future potential for this role in foreign teams. Disagree - having a coach has been PROVEN to work (see korean BW / SC2 teams).The most likely reason is that as a coach, you tend to get no fame / money, which is why the majority of foreigners prefer to be players. However, I do see that there will be future potential for this role in foreign teams.
Trusty Profile Joined July 2010 New Zealand 520 Posts #7 Coaches are extra $$, but would pretty much always add value. Also lack of experience for foreign coaches? Most of the korean coaches seem to be ex-bw coaches, or thereof.
BrosephBrostar Profile Blog Joined December 2009 United States 445 Posts Last Edited: 2011-11-30 03:00:18 #8
I think the problem is that there's no one to hire. Most Korean coaches are retired progamers. I can't think of any non-Korean retired players that haven't completely left the community. On November 30 2011 11:51 eLe.Long wrote:
If anything, I'd say that having teammates is BETTER than having a dedicated coach. Team wouldn't need coaches if their teammates just worked very hard amongst eachother.
You can have ONE guy checking your replays, and giving his insight, or you can have TEN doing the same. That way, you get more ideas how to do one thing, and increase the amount of reactions you can have.
tell that to pretty much every other professional sport tell that to pretty much every other professional sport
darkcloud8282 Profile Joined December 2010 Canada 731 Posts #9 Not having a coach means you can do whatever you want instead of practising.. Not saying that more practice is always better, but having someone to remind you to stop slacking off and get back to work is something that everyone needs IMO. Just look at professional sports, having a coach to give you pointers is a definite help in all cases. Sometimes just having teammates isn't helpful because they might not speak their mind when discussing problems in practice.
Golgotha Profile Blog Joined January 2011 Korea (South) 8283 Posts #10 On November 30 2011 11:54 kazie wrote:
i think korean teams are bigger than most foreign teams arent they?
also i guess it's a legitimacy thing carried over from bw, while foreign teams dont have that expectation so they dont want to spend/waste money on it
Pretty sure EG has more dough than most Korean SC2 teams.
btw people are underestimating the value of a strong coach for a team. A coach is not just for looking at replays but also for managing a player's time and energy. It keeps everyone accountable and answerable to a higher up. A coach gives a team direction. A coach is also a strategist that can be crucial during team matches or sizing up an opponent. A coach does the dirty work so the player can sit back and play. All foreign teams should get a strong coach. Pretty sure EG has more dough than most Korean SC2 teams.btw people are underestimating the value of a strong coach for a team. A coach is not just for looking at replays but also for managing a player's time and energy. It keeps everyone accountable and answerable to a higher up. A coach gives a team direction. A coach is also a strategist that can be crucial during team matches or sizing up an opponent. A coach does the dirty work so the player can sit back and play. All foreign teams should get a strong coach.
Phelski Profile Joined December 2010 United States 141 Posts #11 most dont live with eachother, so coaching would be hard
Itsmedudeman Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United States 12350 Posts #12 I don't think anyone in the foreign scene would be experienced enough to be a sc2 coach, and because they're not all living in a house or anything, it'd be pretty hard to coach your team.
Postman Profile Joined July 2010 United States 264 Posts #13 Most teams have their players spread over a huge area, many have players on 3+ continents. You can't really have a set coach in that instance, whereas the Korean teams have everyone living together.
Zzoram Profile Joined February 2008 Canada 6963 Posts #14 Foreign teams don't have coaches because they think they know better, but they don't.
Every competitive team of any sort needs a coach. Someone has to be able to be the "bad guy" that forces players to train more than they want to, or to practice a particular thing that they hate doing, and it has to be a coach. This is because teammates feel like they don't want to be the "jerk" and so they can't boss each other around or be as critical of each other as a proper coach can be.
The eSTRO coach forced Idra to raise his APM to like 350+ and use different hotkey configurations as his first task in Korea. It's something he probably hated, and made him play worse for a long time, but in the end it gave him the mechanical skills that allowed him to become successful today. There are plenty of players right now like Sjow who have super low APM and aren't trying to increase it because they're comfortable with what they're doing. They need a coach to force them to go through the grueling process of increasing APM so that they can eventually multitask better. Doesn't dde not even use hotkeys for his production buildings? Stuff like that is ridiculous and no coach would allow it, but players do because they like to play the way they learned to initially, regardless of their bad habits, and because they want to stay friendly with their teammates.
Nontrivial Profile Joined April 2011 United States 56 Posts #15 On November 30 2011 11:52 FatkiddsLag wrote:
EG does. incontrol. hes mentioned that before.
My understanding is Incontrol is team captain not a coach. I think it is a good point to bring up and something that should change especially given the disconnect from management to player (this is my outside prospective but for example Sirscoots has played less than 10 games of SC2). Especially if you buy in to what Incontrol posted in the MLG write up that one of the prime functions of team houses is to make teams more professional -- having a coach would seem to help that out a lot. My understanding is Incontrol is team captain not a coach. I think it is a good point to bring up and something that should change especially given the disconnect from management to player (this is my outside prospective but for example Sirscoots has played less than 10 games of SC2). Especially if you buy in to what Incontrol posted in the MLG write up that one of the prime functions of team houses is to make teams more professional -- having a coach would seem to help that out a lot.
NexCa Profile Joined March 2011 Germany 942 Posts Last Edited: 2011-11-30 03:48:15 #16 I dont think that coaches are necessary, just ppl who are working really hard amongst each other and have a look on the other team partner and give him his understanding of the game, ofc it works better at higher lvl's. Best Protoss Player 4 ever - Bisu[Shield] || http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=326242 || THIS IS WHERE WE STAND, THIS IS WHERE THEY FALL, GIVE THEM NOTHING, BUT TAKE FROM THEM EVERYTHING ! || SKT FIGHTIIING
Xova Profile Joined November 2010 United States 342 Posts #17 I think it might be because most NA teams do not have team house. If you're a Starcraft fan, you're an Lim Yo Hwan fan.
kazie Profile Blog Joined September 2010 256 Posts Last Edited: 2011-11-30 03:11:37 #18 On November 30 2011 11:58 Golgotha wrote:
Show nested quote +
On November 30 2011 11:54 kazie wrote:
i think korean teams are bigger than most foreign teams arent they?
also i guess it's a legitimacy thing carried over from bw, while foreign teams dont have that expectation so they dont want to spend/waste money on it
Pretty sure EG has more dough than most Korean SC2 teams.
btw people are underestimating the value of a strong coach for a team. A coach is not just for looking at replays but also for managing a player's time and energy. It keeps everyone accountable and answerable to a higher up. A coach gives a team direction. A coach is also a strategist that can be crucial during team matches or sizing up an opponent. A coach does the dirty work so the player can sit back and play. All foreign teams should get a strong coach. Pretty sure EG has more dough than most Korean SC2 teams.btw people are underestimating the value of a strong coach for a team. A coach is not just for looking at replays but also for managing a player's time and energy. It keeps everyone accountable and answerable to a higher up. A coach gives a team direction. A coach is also a strategist that can be crucial during team matches or sizing up an opponent. A coach does the dirty work so the player can sit back and play. All foreign teams should get a strong coach.
i was talking more about player numbers. i think tsl is the smallest and they have 9 players. slayers has 20+
eg does have a decent number too but how many would make use of that coach by staying in their team house? same with other teams even if they had team houses, a lot of them wouldnt/couldnt stay in it.
i was talking more about player numbers. i think tsl is the smallest and they have 9 players. slayers has 20+eg does have a decent number too but how many would make use of that coach by staying in their team house? same with other teams even if they had team houses, a lot of them wouldnt/couldnt stay in it.
Zzoram Profile Joined February 2008 Canada 6963 Posts #19 On November 30 2011 12:04 NexCa wrote:
I dont think that coacces are necessary, just ppl who are working really hard amongst each other and have a look on the other team partner and give him his understanding of the game, ofc it works better at higher lvl's.
That is absolutely false. Players cannot keep each other in line because of the social dynamics of being teammates. You need someone who holds authority over the players to really hold them accountable and force them to do things they may not like but that will make them into better players. Every professional sport has coaches for a reason. Even the individual sports typically have a coach type person, like the caddie in golf. That is absolutely false. Players cannot keep each other in line because of the social dynamics of being teammates. You need someone who holds authority over the players to really hold them accountable and force them to do things they may not like but that will make them into better players. Every professional sport has coaches for a reason. Even the individual sports typically have a coach type person, like the caddie in golf.
fourColo Profile Joined June 2011 United States 363 Posts #20 On November 30 2011 12:04 NexCa wrote:
I dont think that coacces are necessary, just ppl who are working really hard amongst each other and have a look on the other team partner and give him his understanding of the game, ofc it works better at higher lvl's.
Coaches aren't necessary in the same way that winning tournaments isn't necessary. Coaches aren't necessary in the same way that winning tournaments isn't necessary.
1 2 3 4 5 9 10 11 Next All
A pair of bills aimed at reforming the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) were introduced in the United States Congress today. The bills, championed by Senators Leahy (D-Vt.) and Lee (R-Utah) and Representatives Yoder (R-Ks.) and Polis (D-Co.) focus on clarifying that the government must obtain a warrant before looking at email and other private online messages. EFF strongly supports this common sense reform.
And we're not the only ones. The bills are being supported by a strong bipartisan coalition with over 220 cosponsors in the House.
ECPA, which was written in 1986, is the core federal law protecting our electronic communications—including email, private Facebook messages, and Twitter direct messages—from prying eyes. But because of the statute's age, it has no provisions to deal with the way that the modern world uses cloud services and third-party providers for just about everything. Due to a provision in ECPA that assumes that users will download their messages to a desktop PC, and thereafter delete them from the server, the law has been used by the government to argue that emails older than 180 days can be obtained without a probable cause warrant.
In 2010, the Sixth Circuit ruled that, as written, this so-called "180-day rule" was unconstitutional. It's taken the Department of Justice (DOJ) years, but it's finally changing its tune. Now, even outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder has publicly supported the so-called "warrant for content" aspect of ECPA reform.
This is the third year running that bipartisan ECPA reform bills have been introduced in both the House and Senate. Last year, despite the fact that bills identical to those introduced today were passed out of committee in the Senate, and had more than 260 co-sponsors in the House, neither made it to a floor vote. Let's make 2015 the year that Congress finally reforms the 29-year-old Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Want to support ECPA reform? Send an email to Congress today.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 8, 2017, 4:35 AM GMT / Updated Dec. 8, 2017, 4:35 AM GMT By Alex Johnson
President Donald Trump will have a physical exam early next year and will make the results public, the White House said Thursday, a day after the president appeared to slur his words in a public address.
Near the end of his policy remarks Wednesday on Israel, Trump, 71, began having difficulty with words that included the letter "s," voicing some of them as "sh." He ended by saying what sounded like "and God bless the United Shtesh."
Scores of people asked on social media whether the president had had a stroke or was struggling with dentures, which he isn't known to use.
The man potentially needs 3 things. 1) Ambulance for a potential mini-stroke 2) Admission to the 12 steps program 3) Denture Cream #Trumpslurring pic.twitter.com/ctDWcJNXn0 — Alan Cracknell (@AlanCracknell) December 6, 2017
Did anyone else notice Trump slurring near the end of that speech on Israel? Like someone whose false teeth came loose? I'm serious. — K??REN L. COX (@SassyProf) December 6, 2017
Trump was obviously very ill during his Jerusalem speech, not making sense in one sentence, slurring several words, sniffing excessively and looking very poorly. When will the White House be making a statement? — Moe Borden (@dm1borden) December 6, 2017
Asked about the episode at the daily White House news briefing Thursday, Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders called the speculation "frankly, pretty ridiculous."
"The president's throat was dry. Nothing more than that," she said.
Sanders said Trump was scheduled to have a routine medical exam "early next year" at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, as most presidents have done historically. She said, "Those records will be released by the doctor following that taking place."
At age 70 last year, Trump was the oldest person ever to have been elected president. As doubts about his capacity to handle the grueling office circulated, his personal physician, Dr. Harold Bornstein, wrote a letter declaring: "Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency."
Bornstein was more measured in later remarks, telling NBC News in August: "I don't think he's in any better or worse than the average person that goes and exercises every single day. Doesn't smoke, doesn't drink — and that's simply the best advantage you can have to live — and he's got a good family history."
Welcome to Amanda Eubank Photography! I'm glad you stopped by and thank you for visiting my site. I'm a natural light photographer with over a decade of experience who has been blessed to photograph thousands of clients around the world. My work has graced the front of magazines, CD covers, Doctor offices, websites, and proudly displayed inside homes all around the globe.
Based in Destin Florida and splitting time in Houston Texas, I offer these amazing photography services ~ family portraits, senior portraits, kids photography, newborn / baby photography, maternity photography, engagement photography, and beach photography. To learn more about my photographic style, please view my PORTFOLIO or my BLOG for more amazing pictures. I hope you enjoy it and cherish them as I do! I am honored to be considered as your photographer and hope you allow me the opportunity to capture the images that will warm your heart and fill your home with timeless memories for generations to come.
A House of Lords committee has advised the British government to consider the possibility of putting an end to the "wasteful" broadcast of television content over the airwaves. In a report on the UK's broadband infrastructure published today, the House suggests that the rise of IPTV provides an opportunity to free up spectrum for mobile devices.
It is likely that IPTV services will become ever more widespread, and eventually the case for transferring the carriage of broadcast content, including public service broadcasting, from spectrum to the internet altogether will become overwhelming. This may well be a more sensible arrangement, as spectrum is perfectly suited to mobile applications.
The House recognizes that the UK has long lagged behind in broadband performance, citing Akamai's recent State of the Internet report which ranked the country 25th in the world. The long-delayed Ofcom 4G spectrum auction, too, means that UK customers aren't likely to get access to LTE services until late 2013. Clearly a move as drastic as switching off traditional over-the-air broadcasting will take some time, then, and the House isn't shying away from that.
To back this up, the committee is proposing a new national network based around open access fiber optic hubs free from Physical Infrastructure Access (PIA) pricing regulations, which it says will help stimulate competition. In the meantime, UK residents looking to do their part to unclog the country's spectrum can do so with the YouView IPTV set-top box that went on sale a few days ago.
0 Shares
Shinsuke Nakamura was recently interviewed by the Orlando Sentinel to promote NXT Takeover: Orlando. During the interview, he spoke on a variety of topics. One of the best parts was when he expressed his desire to have a match at Wrestlemania 33 this year.
Nakamura appearing on WWE's main roster is something that is highly anticipated and desired by fans. He is considered one of the best wrestlers on the planet and some feel that he is being wasted in NXT.
Here is what he said about Wrestlemania 33 in the interview:
“I hope. I hope. I want to go to the next [level]. If I can wrestle at WrestleMania, that's going to be awesome. I… really… want… WrestleMania.”
When asked by the interviewer if that was one of the reasons why he came to the WWE to wrestle, he responded:
“Yeah. Yeah. I want to wrestle at the biggest wrestling show on the Earth.”
[irp posts=”22212″ name=”WWE Rumors: Possible Hint That Shinsuke Nakamura Is Getting Called Up Soon”]
There is no question that a high percentage of WWE fans would like to see him have a match this year. It is still a possibility but seems unlikely at this point as we draw closer to the event. Nakamura taking the spot of Shane McMahon against AJ Styles is something fans constantly point to as something that they would love to see.
Let us know what you think in the comment section below.
You can read the full interview here:
Roads have twisted in the heat. Hospitals are overwhelmed by thousands of dehydrated people, the poor, the elderly and children among the worst hit. Urgent instructions to wear wide-brimmed hats and light-coloured cotton clothes, use umbrellas and drink lots of fluid have been issued by the government.
India is struggling to cope with one of the deadliest heatwaves to hit the subcontinent. And its attempt to do so is raising a question for the whole planet – how can humans cope with the kinds of temperatures that scientists fear may become ever more common?
In only 10 days, the death toll is reported to have reached around 1,800, a 20-year high. The brunt of the burden has fallen on the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, where 1,300 people have died, the highest loss of life due to heat the state has known, according to officials. By comparison, 447 people in the state died from the heat last year.
The blistering temperatures may, mercifully, be about to break, as there are signs that the longed-for monsoon may be arriving in the form of showers and thunderstorms in the south. But as temperatures neared 50C in recent weeks, leave for doctors has been cancelled and the government has issued warnings for people to stay indoors and stay hydrated. For many, though, that isn't an option.
The greatest loss of life has been among the elderly and the poor, in particular day labourers who have little alternative but to risk their lives in the heat for fear of losing their livelihoods.
“People are dying and suffering, and I think it shows us the vulnerability that exists even in an area that is used to very hot weather,” said Peter Stott at the Met Office in Exeter. “It can still have a major impact.”
It is hard to say for sure whether any single extreme weather event is a result of manmade climate change, but this is a scenario we should get used to seeing more of, scientists say. As the effects of climate change take hold and global temperatures creep up, extreme heat events will become more common.
“Recent research shows that heatwaves are currently five times more frequent than they would be in the absence of human-caused warming, and the chance of any particular heatwave being caused by climate change is 80%,” a spokesperson for Greenpeace said, adding that unless efforts are made to cut carbon emissions, heatwaves are forecast to be 12 times more likely by 2040.
These trends will push the capabilities of the human body beyond the limits of the cooling systems it has evolved and raise serious questions about the future of food production and farming. Globally, more than half of all working hours outside the home are spent outdoors, mainly in agriculture.
As the heatwave in India shows, those who have to work outside in hot conditions are at the greatest risk of heat exhaustion and heatstroke. There are reports that construction workers in the Indian city of Gurgaon had no choice but to continue working all last week in temperatures higher than 43C, in order to earn their wage of 200 rupees a day (about £2).
“If everybody had the same lifestyle as Europeans and Americans, it wouldn't be so much of an issue, but most of the food that is generated and grown in south-east Asia, Latin America and parts of Africa comes from small landholders,” said Mark Maslin, professor of climatology at University College London (UCL).
“In the south of the US people in air-conditioned tractors are farming vast areas in an industrial way, but most of the world works on smallholders producing enough food to feed themselves and enough surplus to provide food for the local towns and cities.”
This problem is exacerbated by the fact that humidity in the areas most affected by climate change poses an insurmountable challenge to the way the human body deals with heat.
“Humans can survive for short periods in environments hot enough to cook a steak, as long as the air is dry,” said Matthew Huber of the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of New Hampshire, who has studied the extent to which humans might adapt to heat stress as a result of global warming. Those same temperatures in more humid climates would kill us. “Humans have a vast and nearly unique capacity to cool themselves by sweating – but this only works when the air is relatively dry,” he added.
In very dry conditions, people can work outside in temperatures of up to 40C. But the safety cutoff drops below 30C when you have very high humidity. To calculate the limits in which it is safe for people to work in extreme heat, scientists rely on a measure of temperature that takes into account both the heat and the humidity.
This is known as the wet-bulb globe temperature. At wet-bulb temperatures higher than 35C, human skin can no longer itself cool down through evaporation. The US military suspends training and physical exercise when this temperature exceeds 32C. Peak wet-bulb temperatures measured in the heatwave in India are around 30-31C.
“While this value is less than the 35C threshold, that threshold is the value for a healthy, fully hydrated person in the shade who is not engaged in labour,” said Huber, explaining why the heatwave in India has been so lethal. “On the other hand, for poor workers in India, not working can also carry serious consequences.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A man takes bath under the tap of a water tanker on a hot day in Ahmadabad. Photograph: Ajit Solanki/AP
In recent years, several groups have used this measure to make predictions about what rising temperatures will mean for workers worldwide, and to paint a picture of what global productivity will look like as average temperatures creep up. A recent study published in Nature Climate Change estimates that heat stress has already reduced global labour to 90% of capacity during the hottest months of the year. Under the most dire climate change projections, this could fall as low as 40% by 2200. The regions predicted to be worst affected include India, northern Australia and the south-east of the US.
But countries that cannot afford technological adaptations such as air conditioning will be affected the most. “As climate change starts to bite and these heatwaves come, people in poor countries are very vulnerable because they don't have another source of income,” said Maslin. “So if their crops fail and they are not able to work outside, they don't have the money to buy food so they starve.”
The effects of crop failure are also likely to have global repercussions in terms of food security. In 2009, Maslin was involved in a report published by UCL and medical journal The Lancet on how to manage the health effects of climate change. It said that the biggest threat from climate change was to food and water security.
“You have a double whammy: your populations are increasing and the heatwaves are increasing. So the amount of food you can produce is going to decrease and there you have a major crisis,” Maslin said. He pointed to a Russian heatwave in 2010 that affected global wheat prices.
Although numbers are hard to pin down, it is forecast that many people will be forced to leave their homes, making climate migration an international issue. About 17 million people were displaced by natural hazards in 2009, and 42 million in 2010, according to a British government report. People who work outside, in extreme cases of climate change, may become seasonal migrant workers, Huber said.
In the short term, policies that could help include instituting international work standards for heat conditions, or even switching to night-time working to reduce exposure. “I predict that access to air conditioning – or an equivalent technology – will become a fundamental right enshrined in international law,” Huber said.
Nevertheless, such technological solutions come with their own problems. Relying on air conditioning for survival means that power cuts – which are common during heatwaves – would become life threatening. Much better, scientists say, would be to reduce global warming. The next Lancet commission, a follow-up to the 2009 report, is due next month. “It focuses on cutting emissions and why this is so important for global health,” Maslin said.“The reason is that, as far as economists can see, there is no way of ensuring those people have enough money to be protected from the problem of not being able to grow food.”
Stott agreed. Bleak as the picture is, he said: “The key thing is where emissions go. When we think about the future, it's a very different world depending on what happens to carbon emissions – and there's still plenty of opportunity to avoid those worst effects. The next few years are crucial. It's all to play for.”
HOW THE BODY REACTS TO HEAT
Cooling The body works hard to keep its core temperature at around 37C. As it heats up, blood vessels expand, sending blood to the surface of the skin to cool it down. Sweating increases in an attempt to cool the surface of the skin through evaporation, though high humidity can make this impossible.
Heat exhaustion After several days of heat exposure, the body's attempts to cool itself down begin to take their toll. Lost fluids and salts cause muscles to stop working, leading to cramps and weakness. Reduced blood flow to the brain causes headaches and dizziness. The elderly and people with high blood pressure are most at risk.
Heatstroke The body's cooling system becomes overwhelmed and shuts down, and body temperature can rocket to 41C or more in 10 minutes. Organs can no longer function, and if heatstroke isn't treated fast, the brain overheats, sometimes leading to death.
Sunstroke This is the most common type of heatstroke, caused by the sun shining directly on the head and neck for long periods.
• The article was amended on 6 June 2015 to correct the affiliation of academic Matthew Huber.
Hairstyle can be created on the basis of various moods or the occasions. In the present tutorial, we are learning how to make Triple Heart Hairstyles for Teens. This can be a cute heart hairdo for teens and little girls. As the hairstyle contains three big love shapes, this is the hairstyle that is perfect or the Valentines' Day. Thanks a lot to Princess Hairstyles (Youtube Channel) for doing this hairstyle tutorial.
Let's begin the process to create this beautiful Triple Heart Hairstyles:
1. To begin with the hairstyle, make three sections of the hair on the top. They are rectangular in shape. Make small ponytails and tie with the help of the elastic band. Similarly you will also need to make three small ponytails underneath the rectangular ones. These sections are square in shape.
2. Now you can work on the first ponytail made in the rectangular section of the hair.
3. You can use your fingers or top detail if you have. You need to insert in between each pony and then just flipped all the ponytails.
4. You should loosen the ponytails while flipping the hair.
5. Take each of the strands and start twisting.
6. Twist each of the strands in the opposite direction so that they become tighter. Do this in upwards direction.
7. Then you can simply bring down the twisting.
8. Tie the strand down with the ponytails made in the square section.
9. Do this in all three ponytails.
10. After completing this you will get some shapes. Pull the hair and try to give the shape of heart.
11. You need to do this in the wet hair or if you want, you can apply gel to make your hair damp.
12. Finally you will get the gorgeous heart shaped hairstyles on the top.
13. Triple Heart Hairstyle is complete.
Judith Miller (Screen shot) "Your stories were wrong": Judy Miller demolished by current NYTer for disastrous Iraq War reporting No one in the Bush administration lied, they were just wrong about WMDs, she said.
Judith Miller continued her publicity tour for "The Story: A Reporter's Journey" on Monday with a trip to MSNBC's "Morning Joe." Needless to say, she fared little better than she did on "Real Time" Friday night.
Miller claimed that the problem with her now-infamous reporting at the New York Times -- which convinced many liberals that going to war with Iraq was a legitimate military exercise -- is that the intelligence community "got it wrong" when it came to the danger posed by Saddam Hussein. Her new book, she said, is intended to push back against the narrative that "Bush lied, people died," because there's no evidence that the president knew how suspect the evidence that Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction really was.
Advertisement:
President Bush "didn't lie us into a war," Miller said, "it's worse than that -- we got it wrong."
Host Joe Scarborough agreed, saying that when he was researching one of his books, he went back and looked at reporting about Iraq at the New York Times and Washington Post before Bush got into office. "There was a broad consensus," he said, "it was wrong -- but there was a broad consensus [that Hussein posed a threat to the United States] and somehow, that's been forgotten."
Miller agreed, claiming that the Times made her into a scapegoat because it had to blame someone for what it had published. She implied that its decision to use her as the sacrificial figure was motivated, on some level, by sexism. "They turned around and they highlighted the 'pushy' woman -- you know, a man is an 'aggressive' report, a woman is 'pushy.'"
Current NYTer Nick Confessore did not buy that excuse, characterizing her line of argument as "an epidemic of buck-passing."
"Your stories were wrong, right?" he asked. "The paper did defend you when you were on trial. If I have a story and it's wrong, I don't say the sources are wrong. I say I'm wrong."
Watch the entire segment with Miller via MSNBC below.
Miller made his remarks before a committee of the US House of Representatives
A top NFL official has acknowledged a link between head trauma in American football and the brain disease chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).
It is the first time a league executive has made such a concession.
Jeff Miller, the NFL's vice president of health and safety, was quizzed about CTE by United States politicians.
Asked whether there was a link between the game and neurodegenerative diseases like CTE, Miller replied: "The answer to that question is certainly yes."
In the build-up to Super Bowl 50 earlier this year, neurosurgeon Mitch Berger, who leads the NFL's subcommittee on long-term brain injury, said no link between American football and CTE had been established.
CTE has been found in the brains of dozens of former American football players, among them Ken Stabler
Jan Schakowsky, who represents Illinois, was critical of Berger's comments, saying the league was "peddling a false sense of security" in downplaying the dangers of head trauma.
"Football is a high-risk sport because of the routine hits, not just diagnosable concussions," said Schakowsky.
"What the American public needs now is honesty about the health risks and clearly more research."
The NFL has previously acknowledged that head trauma, particularly concussion, poses a risk to the long-term health of players.
However, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell and other top officials have not made definitive public statements on the matter.
Media playback is not supported on this device Goodell defends NFL concussion record
In giving his answers, Miller cited the work of Boston University neuropathologist Ann McKee.
She told committee members there is no doubt in her mind the illness, which can only be detected after death, is linked to playing football.
"I unequivocally think there's a link between playing football and CTE," said McKee.
"We've seen it in 90 out of 94 NFL players whose brains we've examined.
"We've found it in 45 out of 55 college players and six out of 26 high school players."
Some 5,000 former players have sued the NFL, claiming it hid the dangers of repeated head trauma.
CTE is associated with symptoms such as memory loss, depression and progressive dementia.
The disease, which can only be diagnosed after death, has been found in the brains of dozens of former American football players.
Image caption Sergei Lavrov's visit is a chance for Russia to show it has an alternative to end Syria's spiralling violence
As Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov heads to Syria for talks with President Bashar al-Assad, BBC Moscow correspondent Daniel Sandford assesses what he might hope to achieve from his visit.
Tuesday's visit by Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the director of Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service, Mikhail Fradkov, comes three days after the UN Security Council meeting in which Russia and China vetoed a resolution condemning the Syrian government's violence against its citizens.
Sergei Lavrov has not revealed the details of the message he says he is taking to Damascus from his own head of state, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr Lavrov said that those who "hastily" brought the resolution to a vote in the Security Council had ignored Russia's request to wait until he had been to see President Assad.
He described comments by American and European leaders after the vote as "indecent and hysterical."
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said: "What happened (on Saturday) at the United Nations was a travesty... Faced with a neutered Security Council, we have to redouble our efforts outside of the United Nations with those allies and partners who support the Syrian people's right to have a better future."
Russia has caused outrage in many Western and Arab countries by blocking attempts to use the United Nations to pressure President Assad to step aside.
Russia derives a significant amount of its influence and image in the world from maintaining a very traditional strict dividing line between internal and international affairs James Sherr, Royal Institute of International Affairs
If Assad's government does eventually fall, Russia will lose its last remaining ally in the region, which makes its position look rather short-term.
But James Sherr, Senior Fellow of the Russia Eurasia programme at the Royal Institute of International Affairs, explained that while the Russian position may seem strange to some, it is actually based on a quite simple logic.
"Russia is a country which derives a significant amount of its influence and image in the world from maintaining a very traditional strict dividing line between internal and international affairs," he said.
"This is a selling point, because Russia is able to say: "Look we are not the United States, we are not the EU. We are a reliable consistent partner". And in a world consisting still, overwhelmingly, of not terribly democratic states this is very important. And Russia can't just walk away from it."
Russia has its last remaining naval base in the Mediterranean at the Syrian port of Tartus. Russia is also Syria's main supplier of weapons.
"The base at Tartus is becoming a significant military base again," James Sherr said. "And Syria is one of the few countries in the world to have had a consistent military relationship with both the Soviet Union and Russia."
Contradictory position
Nonetheless there are signs that Sergei Lavrov and Mikhail Fradkov may use the meeting to encourage some sort of change in Syria.
As Sergei Lavrov explained to ABC Australia last week: "We're not a friend, we're not an ally of President Assad. We never said that President Assad remaining in power is the solution to the crisis."
Image caption Sergei Lavrov has made it clear Russia is "no ally" of President Assad
But he also said: "I don't think Russian policy is about asking people to step down. Regime change is not our profession. It is up to the Syrians themselves to decide how to run the country, how to introduce the reforms, what kind of reforms, without any outside interference."
That is where Western diplomats say a contradiction emerges in the Russian position. While it says that the people have a right to choose their leader, it does not allow for the international community to support a population trying to overthrow an unpopular government.
This means that, while Russia says it is trying to prevent an escalation of the conflict, some in the Syrian opposition claim that the Russian/Chinese veto is in fact driving them closer to all-out conflict.
But Sergei Lavrov said that the vetoed UN Security Council resolution had not put enough pressure on opposition groups and "armed extremists" to also withdraw their forces from areas of conflict.
"Such a resolution would have meant the Security Council was taking the side of one participant in a civil war," he said.
His meeting in Damascus is Russia's chance to show that it has an alternative to end the spiralling violence in Syria.
William Mougayar is the author of “The Business Blockchain” and a board advisor to, and investor in, various blockchain projects and startups (see: disclosures). On 25th May, 2017, he is organizing the Token Summit in New York, a one-day event discussing in-depth the token economy.
In this opinion piece, Mougayar lists his ultimate 18 web resources for those wanting to research, track or launch initial coin offerings or ICOs.
Despite some regulatory uncertainties and cautiousness, the ICO space is developing at a rapid pace. ICOs are just one application of the token-based models that blockchains enable.
How do you keep track of the various ICOs that are being planned and launched?
A flurry of websites and businesses are emerging to track, analyze, manage, and offer services to help market, plan, develop or launch ICOs.
I recently went on a hunt to gather the various resources that list them. The result offers an eye-opening expedition into this burgeoning phenomenon.
Here's my ultimate list of websites with ICO resources (in alphabetical order).
1. Ambisafe
With Ambisafe you can quickly issue any type of asset on the blockchain, and add it to cryptocurrency exchanges worldwide.
2. Bitcoin Talk forum
Alternate cryptocurrencies and altcoins forum discussion.
3. CoinFund Slack channel
Diverse discussions about token sales.
4. CoinSchedule
The best projects and ICO crowdfundings. It only lists the projects it considers worth following and investing.
5. CryptoCompare
CryptoCompare is an interactive platform where you can discuss the latest crypto trends and monitor all markets in real time.
6. CryptoSmile
Blog that posts commentary on several new ICOs.
7. CyberFund
Listings of crowdsales, assets and funds.
8. ICO Countdown
Gives spotlight to new crypto projects with a focus on crowdfunding methodology. Also says it conducts due diligence to ascertain viability of these projects.
9. ICO List
Lists a variety of token sales.
10. ICOO
Services for launching ICOs.
11. ICO Rating
ICOrating specializes in evaluating companies that are planning an ICO. Its analysis seems thorough and objective, reviewing companies as potential investment objects.
12. ICO Timeline
Partial list of ICO projects.
13. ICO Tracker
Lists ICO crowdsales according to five factors: white paper, roadmap. team, escrow, ICO conditions.
14. Newbium
Provides crypto news and information.
15. PrivateMarket
PrivateMarket Technologies enable wealth managers to access, analyse and execute primary and secondary market transactions online.
16. TokenMarket
TokenMarket is a marketplace for tokens, digital assets and blockchain based investing. Users can research and invest in tokenized assets, or launch a crowdsale for a project.
17. Reddit's ICO Crypto forum
Hosts discussions of active and upcoming ICO/crowdsales, and is building a due diligence community.
18. Smith + Crown
Maintains a curated list of ongoing and upcoming cryptocurrency ICOs, token sales, and crowdsales. Projects are evaluated for listing using multiple criteria, but in general, they list ICOs that should raise the equivalent of $30,000 or are unique in some way. Provides summaries and commentary for select ICOs. Listing or research is not considered an endorsement.
Update: Additional resources include Token Investor, Github's Ultimate ICO Calendar, ICO Bazaar and Week in Ethereum.
Have I missed others that should be included? Please add what you have in the comments, or suggest it in this Google Sheet.
Investigating funding image via Shutterstock
This article was previously published on Startup Management and has been republished here with permission.
Breadcrumbs You searched for: am1
am1 Showing results for: amp
amp Did You Mean: amd or ams
Additional Ads / Special Offers that relate to your search.
{ 'name': 'iRig Nano Amp', 'id': '468826', 'price': '59.99', 'brand': 'IK Multimedia', 'category': 'iPad Accessories|662', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 1 },{ 'name': 'Solid Grip Clamp Mount Phone Holder Gooseneck - Black', 'id': '467728', 'price': '7.99', 'brand': 'Aduro', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 2 },{ 'name': 'Lounger Adjustable Neck Mount - Gray', 'id': '508624', 'price': '7.99', 'brand': 'Aduro', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 3 },{ 'name': 'Micro USB Male to USB 2.0 (Type-A) Male Durable Cable 6 ft. - Orange/Black', 'id': '419569', 'price': '14.99', 'brand': 'Tough Tested', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 4 },{ 'name': 'Phone Grip Stand - Rose Gold', 'id': '508514', 'price': '4.99', 'brand': 'Spinpops', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 5 },{ 'name': 'Mobile Flex-Arm Tripod & Bluetooth Remote Shutter', 'id': '475701', 'price': '14.99', 'brand': 'PoserSnap', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 6 },{ 'name': 'Solid Grip Clamp Mount Phone Holder Gooseneck - White', 'id': '467729', 'price': '7.99', 'brand': 'Aduro', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 7 },{ 'name': 'USB type-A to Micro-USB Data and Charger High Speed 2 ft. Cable - Black', 'id': '409433', 'price': '5.99', 'brand': 'QVS', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 8 },{ 'name': 'Phone Grip Stand - Dark Marble', 'id': '508512', 'price': '4.99', 'brand': 'Spinpops', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 9 },{ 'name': 'Phone Grip Stand - Skull Droplets', 'id': '508550', 'price': '4.99', 'brand': 'Spinpops', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 10 },{ 'name': 'MHL HDMI to Micro USB with 11 Pin Conversion Tip', 'id': '419343', 'price': '24.99', 'brand': 'Micro Connectors', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 11 },{ 'name': '6-in-1 Professional Multipod', 'id': '509141', 'price': '29.99', 'brand': 'Bower', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 12 },{ 'name': 'Cell Phone Grip and Stand Aluminum - Black', 'id': '506297', 'price': '9.99', 'brand': 'PopSockets', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 13 },{ 'name': 'quikpod - Selfie Action Adventure', 'id': '439550', 'price': '19.99', 'brand': 'Digipower', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 14 },{ 'name': 'USB Type-A to Micro USB Data and Charge Cable 1 ft. - Black', 'id': '398371', 'price': '4.99', 'brand': 'QVS', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 15 },{ 'name': 'Compact Selfie Bendi Pod with Remote', 'id': '509142', 'price': '19.99', 'brand': 'Bower', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 16 },{ 'name': 'Micro USB OTG Cable', 'id': '458736', 'price': '2.99', 'brand': 'iEssentials', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 17 },{ 'name': 'Phone Grip Stand - Floral', 'id': '508561', 'price': '4.99', 'brand': 'Spinpops', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 18 },{ 'name': 'Phone Grip Stand - Blue Camo', 'id': '508510', 'price': '4.99', 'brand': 'Spinpops', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 19 },{ 'name': 'Cell Phone Grip and Stand Aluminum - Black', 'id': '483113', 'price': '14.99', 'brand': 'PopSockets', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 20 },{ 'name': 'DiskImage (PC)', 'id': '399147', 'price': '39.99', 'brand': 'Laplink Software', 'category': 'Antivirus, Utilities & Security|401', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 21 },{ 'name': 'GripTight ONE Mount - Black', 'id': '507030', 'price': '19.99', 'brand': 'Joby', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 22 },{ 'name': 'Phone Grip Stand - South Beach', 'id': '508563', 'price': '4.99', 'brand': 'Spinpops', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 23 },{ 'name': 'Mobile Photo & Video Studio', 'id': '475700', 'price': '29.99', 'brand': 'PoserSnap', 'category': 'Phone Accessories|573', 'list': 'Search Results', 'position': 24 }
news Incoming National Broadband Network Company chief executive Bill Morrow has turfed at least three key executives at the company after just one week on the job, with long-time and respected NBN Co head of corporate and commercial Kevin Brown, chief financial officer Robin Payne and chief technology officer Gary McLaren (pictured in order above) to leave NBN Co pronto.
As chief technology officer since September 2009, Gary McLaren has since that time been the company's highest-profile technologist. McLaren has 25 years experience in the telecommunications industry with senior engineering roles at Telstra and Siemens. He was a member of the senior management team at Request DSL which successfully rolled out one of Australian's first competitive DSL broadband networks between 2000 and 2004, before the company was merged with PowerTel.
From 2004, McLaren provided consulting services to various companies in the telecommunications and IT sectors with an emphasis on commercialisation of new technologies. These companies included Optus, Telecom Fiji and Telecom NZ-owned AAPT. He joined NBN Co in 2009 from his role as lead consultant working on the NBN for the Communications Alliance, the self-regulatory body responsible for developing guidelines and policy for the Australian telecommunications industry. He has degrees in Engineering and Law from the University of Melbourne.
As recently as several weeks ago, the executive was publicly called upon by NBN Co executive chairman Ziggy Switkowski at an NBN Co investor briefing to discuss NBN Co's technology choices. He has a deep history within Australia's telecommunications sector dating back to 1989, when he started as a professional engineer at Telstra.
Head of corporate and commercial Kevin Brown has also been with NBN Co almost from the start, being responsible for supply management, procurement, commercial strategy and the management of NBN Co's Definitive Agreements with Telstra and Optus, as well as overseeing the company's human resources, legal and facilities functions. He was commonly viewed as a defacto deputy and possible successor to founding NBN Co chief executive Mike Quigley.
Before his stint at NBN Co, Brown was formerly Executive General Manager, People at Qantas for 8 years and a member of its executive committee. Prior to joining Qantas in 2001, Mr Brown held a number of senior executive positions at Nortel Networks, based in the USA, Hong Kong, the United Kingdom and Australia. His roles included Vice President, Business Development, Asia Pacific as well as global responsibilities for human resources. He has a Bachelor of Economics from the University of Sydney, a Bachelor of Social Science from the University of New England, and an MBA from the University of Sydney.
Payne is responsible for overseeing financial aspects of NBN Co's business activities. He joined NBN Co in 2009 as General Manager of Planning & Development and was instrumental in developing the company's initial Corporate Plan. The following year he was appointed the company's lead negotiator on the Definitive Agreements with Telstra that were concluded in March 2012 and which was to unlock the infrastructure that will enable the large-scale rollout of the fibre optic network.
Payne worked for a decade at KPMG in the UK and Australia, specialising in banking and finance. Subsequently, he spent a further 10 years at Macquarie Bank in project and structured finance for the investment banking division and helped pioneer the bank's expansion into South East Asia. He was a co-founder of the Asia-Pacific digital media company, Anytime PTE. Payne holds an honours degree in economics from University of Cambridge.
McLaren, Payne and Brown are widely considered three of the most respected executives at NBN Co, with all three having been with the project from its early days and having helped to set it up. All had respected careers before joining the company.
However, in a statement issued to all NBN Co staff today, new NBN Co chief executive Bill Morrow, who only joined NBN Co last week, revealed that all three would leave the company. Brown and McLaren have been made redundant, while Payne has agreed to remain with NBN Co until a successor can be found for his role. You can read Morrow's statement in full here in Word format.
“A few weeks back, the company communicated our purpose, our goals, and our strategic imperatives,” Morrow wrote. “These were used to identify the current year business priorities and launch a transformative set of initiatives designed to help us create a better company and deliver on our commitments. This all begins to address the first root cause mentioned above – goal clarity and alignment.”
“To partly address the second root cause, we will move to a new ExCo structure effective 1 May. This new structure is process-based and will emphasise an internal customer-supplier relationship model.”
In the statement, Morrow revealed the new organisation chart for NBN Co, which will mainly consist of executives who he has appointed, or who were appointed by NBN Co executive chairman under the Coalition's tenure in the Federal Government. They are:
Chief Strategy Officer, JB Rousselot; Chief Operating Officer, Greg Adcock; Chief Customer Officer, John Simon; Chief Legal Counsel, Justin Forsell; Chief Financial Officer, Robin Payne (Acting); Chief Culture & Transformation Officer, Bradley Whitcomb, Investor & Media Relations Officer (to be decided) and Head of Regulatory Affairs, Caroline Lovell.
Whitcomb (see his LinkedIn profile here) has up until now been Vodafone's chief strategy and business transformation officer and also worked with Morrow in other roles internationally.
Morrow thanked Brown, Payne and McLaren and noted that appropriate farewells would be organised to “celebrate their contributions” to NBN Co. However, the CEO did not reveal why the well-respected trio had lost their roles at NBN Co.
Delimiter has also received an anonymous tip to the effect that NBN Co executive general manager of planning and design, Peter Ferris, who is believed to have conducted much of the design work on NBN Co's fibre to the premises network and who has been with the company since October 2009, has also been made redundant. However, Delimiter has not been able to verify Ferris's status at this point.
“In an ideal world we would be able to announce all of the changes that flow on from the new structure, however as you can appreciate there is still more work to be done to get this right,” wrote Morrow in his statement. “You can expect to hear more from me and the Executive Committee on the changes as we progress, as well as answering your questions as part of roadshows I'll be doing in May.”
The news is not the first time a senior and respected NBN Co executive has been turfed from the company under its new management. In early November last year, NBN Co announced that its chief operating officer Ralph Steffens, one of the company's most qualified and experienced international fibre rollout experts, would be replaced with a Telstra executive, Greg Adcock, who appeared to have little direct last mile construction experience but does have a pre-election connection with Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
Update: After the publication of this article, NBN issued the following statement regarding Peter Ferris:
“Mr Ferris remains a highly respected employee of NBN Co. He is currently providing input to the organisational review within the Chief Operating Officer's area.
His former responsibilities have been subsumed across a number of areas, but principally into a new role, EGM Design Authority & Deployment Standards, reporting to the COO. Grant Bowden has been confirmed in this position today. Mr Bowden has widespread experience in planning and strategy for large scale network infrastructure developments.”
opinion/analysis
I have previously viewed Morrow as a smart operator, based on his turnaround strategy at Vodafone Australia, which appears to be on the cusp of success. However, I will note that I don't support his move to turf Kevin Brown, Robin Payne and Gary McLaren. I view this as an unintelligent move and somewhat offensive to these very capable executives.
All three executives were respected within Australia's telecommunications industry and within NBN Co for their work with the company, and all three had strong careers before joining NBN Co. They didn't join the company to make money or to pursue an ideological or political agenda; they joined because they saw the chance to deliver a better future for Australia. And they have made substantial progress on that aim. They didn't deserve to be outed in this fashion, given their contributions, and I'm sorry to see that this has happened this way.
I will also note that I consider it relatively unprecedented in Australia's corporate community for a company to lose its CEO, COO, CTO, CFO and head of commercial in such a short period. NBN Co is being well and truly gutted, and I suspect that very shortly it will have very little of the old guard left — the old guard, that is, that got the company to its feet in the first place, burning the midnight candle constantly to do so. Well, if you wanted a recipe for corporate instability, this is it: Just get rid of anyone with any seniority in the organisation. It will be interesting to see how Morrow goes with much of NBN Co's senior ranks decimated.
Image credit: NBN Co
1 of 15 View Captions
Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune President Dieter F. Uchtdorf speaks during the 183rd LDS General Conference, Saturday, Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Members of the church provide sustaining votes for the retention of President Thomas S Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Sister Carole M. Stephens of the Relief Société Générale Presidency speaks about the va Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune President Dieter F. Uchtdorf, left, visits with Elder Robert D. Hales of the Quorum of Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune President Boyd K. Packer is helped as he leaves the afternoon session of the 183rd LDS Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune The Mormon Tabernacle Choir sings during the 183rd LDS General Conference, Saturday, O Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Sister Carole M. Stephens of the Relief Société Générale Presidency speaks about the va Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Elder L. Tom Perry leaves the morning session of the 183rd LDS General Conference, Sat Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune LDS President Thomas S. Monson and other members of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune LDS President Thomas S. Monson and other members of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Elder Quentin L. Cook and his wife Mary leave the morning session of the 183rd LDS Gen Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Elder Jeffrey R. Holland and his wife Patricia leave the morning session of the 183rd Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune President Henry B. Eyring opens the morning session of the 183rd LDS General Conferenc Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune President Boyd K. Packer is helped as he leaves the afternoon session of the 183rd LDS Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Conference-goers blur past the painting "Christ Visits the Americas (3 Nephi 11:8
BOULDER, Colo. — Handblown glass pipes and bongs are displayed in antique cabinets at the Farm, a marijuana dispensary in one of two states that have legalized the drug. The walls feature paintings by local artists. There are vaporizers, electronic cigarettes, rolling papers and more. That's just in the front of the store. In the back room, “budtenders” are selling gluten-free edibles, lollipops, salves and, of course, marijuana. Jan Cole's company grows and harvests its own marijuana strains, but the Farm depends on vendors to provide many of the products sold at the store. The business employs 103 people. Behind the scenes, there are accountants, lawyers, janitors, Internet providers, soil companies, testing laboratories and more. The cannabis industry isn't just pot shops and warehouse grows. It's an industry that could reach $2.57 billion in value this year, according to the Arcview Group, a San Francisco investment and research firm that focuses on the cannabis business. The National Cannabis Industry Association has more than 500 members and will hold the first National Cannabis Business Summit in Denver for more than 800 people in late June. “Sixty percent growth, so it's the fastest-growing industry in America,” said Michael Correia, a federal lobbyist for the association. “This is all while it's illegal federally. Can you imagine what would happen if it were legal federally?”
Billion-dollar business
A couple of blocks from the Colorado Capitol, a historic, two-story brick house is home to Vicente Sederberg, billed as “the marijuana law firm.” The National Cannabis Industry Association headquarters is in a carriage house behind the law firm. Founded in late 2010, the association has members in 22 states — including equipment manufactures, lawyers, accountants, laboratories, security firms, business consultants and investment companies. “A year ago, we had about 150 members. Now we're up to 500,” said Taylor West, deputy director of the organization. “Half of those members are either dispensaries or cultivation operations, and the other half are ancillary businesses of various types.” The Arcview report predicts 14 more states will join Colorado and Washington in legalizing adult use in the next five years. Already, 21 states and the District of Columbia allow medical marijuana, with Minnesota and potentially New York set to join the list. In five years, the market value of the business could reach $10.2 billion, Arcview predicts. With that, some say, comes employment. “One of our members had a job fair in Denver a couple of months ago, and they had 1,500 people show up,” Correia said. “There's a tremendous amount of potential for creating jobs.” Laboratories that test products are among the fastest growing segments of the industry — and they can add legitimacy to a formerly illegal trade. “It's good for the industry, because another benefit for a legal industry is a certain confidence in the product you're receiving and a certain amount of consistency,” West said. In fact, this is one industry that welcomes regulation. Cole and her employees wear green lanyards that identify them as Marijuana Enforcement Division licensees and hold photo identification badges. “We want testing. We want clear definitions of what we have to do,” Cole said.
Roadblocks remain
Cannabis may be a growing industry, but it has distinct growing pains. Those pains revolve around marijuana's still being a Schedule I drug under the Controlled Substances Act, with medical and recreational marijuana businesses not being treated as legitimate under federal law. “Our big issues basically relate to access to financial services and lack of access to financial services and the tax issue,” Correia said. “Some of them have an effective tax rate of 50, 60 or 70-plus percent.” Cole estimates the Farm pays 50 percent of net revenue in federal taxes because a 1982 law prohibits businesses such as hers from claiming typical business deductions. “It's difficult,” she said. “It's really hard to run a company and be profitable. Everybody thinks that we're rolling in it. I have 103 families that we're supporting.” Even the conservative Americans for Tax Reform supports repealing the tax law originally aimed at drug traffickers to allow cannabis businesses that are legal under state law to deduct business expenses. Then there's the banking issue. Virtually all banks refuse to deal with dispensaries and grow facilities. “Some people have been able to set up workarounds where they may have a bank account in their personal name or they've been able to set up some type of holding company,” West said. “Most of those situations are temporary at best. Usually at some point, because they're depositing huge amounts of cash, the bank flags it.” Working only with cash makes it difficult to pay traditional expenses such as payroll, utilities and taxes, West said. And it requires some heavy-duty security at the stores to protect all that cash. “I worry about them being a target, for the safety of people being around or near” the businesses, said Denver Chamber of Commerce president and CEO Kelly Brough. Colorado lawmakers approved a bill to create a cooperative financial system for the cannabis industry in May. But the state still will have to convince the U.S. Federal Reserve to allow the co-ops to accept credit cards and checks. Correia and West hope their D.C. efforts help solve these problems. “People are realizing that the federal government is not going to be able to deny the existence of this industry for very much longer,” West said. “We are starting to see some new people come around.”
Going legit
Indy Eleven have done a great job of making headlines in the time leading up to their eventual debut in the North American Soccer League. They amassed an impressive season-ticket holder deposit list, put together a good front office and coaching staff and have pieced a decent team together. But can their success translate to the on field product? That is the biggest question for the expansion club as it nears opening day.
Ever since Indy Eleven was announced as an NASL expansion side, the work began for the hierarchy of the club. They hired Peter Wilt as President, Juergen Sommer as Head Coach and later revealed their name and crest. Both Wilt and Sommer are impressive hires, not just for an expansion club, but for any NASL club. Indy hoped they were making the right choices with these hires, and so far (which isn't much) they seem to be paying off.
Sommer has put together a squad mixed with NASL veterans, some players with MLS experience, and youthful players recently out of college looking to prove themselves. In most sports, being an expansion team condemns you to the bottom of the standings for the first few seasons, but the NASL is a unique league and teams have been known to compete right out of the gates. San Antonio did it in 2012, so it is not unprecedented for Indy Eleven to shock the league and finish near the top of the table, however it is easier said than done. Either way, the squad has done all the right things off the field leading up to the 2014 season, so a smooth transition of success to the product on the pitch would be a nice reward.
Interesting Storyline
There is only one storyline that comes to mind, and it's asregurgitated as anything else in this league. Can Indy Eleven come out of the gates and compete for aChampionship spot in 2014 in their first season? Can the club show any kind of reflection of their off the field success on the pitch? Does Sommer have what it takes to get his team playing the kind of football that wins Soccer Bowls? It is exciting that the answers to these questions are getting closer, but we will still have to wait and see.
Key Additions
Walter Ramirez – Ramirez was widely regarded as one of the best wingers in the NASL after the 2012 season that saw him named to the NASL Best XI while with the regular season champion Scorpions. However a brutal 2013 saw his stock fall and the Scorpions did not resign him after the season. When on his game, Ramirez is a dynamic left sided midfielder who can find his strikers with crosses into the box, while chipping in with a goal or two. He scored a stunner last season against Minnesota United FC as proof. He has had problems in the locker room as it seems his ego gets the best of him sometimes, but he will be out to show his new teammates that he still has the abilities that led to such a good 2012 term.
Mike Ambersley – Ambersley is another NASL veteran who has spent time with Minnesota, Tampa Bay andAtlanta. The striker attended college and played soccer and Indiana University so this move is a reunion of sorts for him. He scored 19 goals in 60 total appearances with theRowdies from 2011 to 2013, and claimed a championship with them in 2012. He plays best when he is a part of a two-striker formation and is very good at bringing the bestout of his striking partner.
Brad Ring – Ring has some valuable experience in MLS that he will bring to Indy. Ring has spent time with the San Jose Earthquakes as well as the Portland Timbers. He is also an IU alum and normally plays as a defensive midfield player. He cleans up messes in midfield and connects the defense to attack when he is playing well.
Pedro Mendes – Mendes looks set to be the partner that should benefit from playing alongside Ambersley. Mendes scored 12 goals with the Atlanta Silverbacks from 2012-13, eight of which came last season. Mendes is a strong forward who helped lead the Silverbacks to the 2013 Spring Season championship and eventual Soccer Bowl berth. Indy fans will be hoping that he continues to improve in 2014.
Potential breakout player
Ben Spencer – Spencer is a Real Salt Lake and Chivas USA academy product that went to play in Norway with Molde, after declining a scholarship to UC Santa Barbara. The 18 year old has played with the US U-18 national team, scoring three goals in six appearances. He is a promising young striker and playing in the NASL with an expansion club could see him get some serious time on the field in 2014.
Biggest Strength
It's hard to say what Indy's biggest strength on the field will be, seeing as we have yet to see them play a competitive match. Something that will go a long way for them however is unpredictability. The mysteriousness of this expansion side that has had so much success off the field could potentially rack the brains of opposing managers. Not many have seen them play too much this preseason and not a lot is written about how they are setting up. If opposing teams can't prepare properly when theyplay Indy Eleven, then Indy already has an advantage when entering matches.
Most Glaring Weakness
In one word? Defense. As an expansion club, it will go a long way to get their defense settled as early as possible so they can get some consistency at the back. Indy has not brought in too many household defensive names with most of the current defenders on the roster being recent college graduates or players with limited experience elsewhere. To compare, when the Scorpions came into the league in 2012, they brought a defense with MLS veterans like Greg Janicki, Ryan Cochrane, Wes Knight and Blake Wagner. Their defense was the best in the league and helped them to an impressive opening campaign. At the moment, it doesn't look like Indy has the same tools at the back to replicate that scenario.
Outlook
Again, if their success off the field is anything to go by, then Indy Eleven fans should have a positive outlook on the season. Whether or not the squad is uber-competitive off the bat shouldn't dilute from the excitement of an expansion club in a big time soccer city like Indianapolis. A team's first season is always something to be excited about, and from a league perspective, Indy is a fantastic town to add to the list of host cities.
Sommer has done a good job quickly assembling a squad ofcompetitive players. This is a league that is there for the taking every year and there is no reason why Indy cant at least compete to be one of those teams. What they may lack in overall talent they can attempt to make up for in momentum. Players, staff and fans will be hyped to get the season going and hopefully for them, that adrenalinecontinues to feed them throughout the summer.
Although they have put together a decent squad, it seems to be asking a lot to have Indy claim one of the four Championship spots. A first season filled with competitive matches and large attendances would be a win in almost every category for the new club. I don't think Eleven will finish at the bottom of the standings, but neither do I think they will top them when all is said and done. Maybe somewhere around mid table, or mid to lower table might seem an appropriate finish. But as stated earlier, they can still end the 2014 season in successful fashion with an impressive inaugural campaign. We will see what they do on the field, but NASL soccer has come to Indy and the club should be raring to go.
(image courtesy of Indy Eleven)
On this week's Fretboard Journal Podcast, we check in with legendary guitarmaker Ken Parker. The archtop creations that Parker has built over the last decade are truly works of art (in fact, one example is in the permanent collection of the Met). Parker was the subject of a mammoth two-part Fretboard Journal feature in both the FJ #38 and FJ #39, penned by author Joseph Skibell. On this week's podcast, we hear about some of this builder's more recent developments. He tells us about the importance of hide glue in his instruments; we learn about a new pickup he's developing with musician / pickup engineer Bob Palmieri; and we hear about his recent acquisition of some wood from the famed “The Tree” and what he plans to do with it.
This week's episode is sponsored by Retrofret Vintage Guitars.
Above image of Parker taken by Talisman Brolin for the FJ.
Share. Showrunner Melissa Rosenberg reveals "we went even further" than the Brian Michael Bendis graphic novels. Showrunner Melissa Rosenberg reveals "we went even further" than the Brian Michael Bendis graphic novels.
During a Netflix Showrunners panel yesterday at the TCA Press Tour, Marvel's Jessica Jones showrunner Melissa Rosenberg discussed how her upcoming Netflix MCU series - which has now been confirmed to premiere in 2015 - will differ from Marvel's Daredevil.
"Jessica Jones is a very different show than Daredevil," Rosenberg stated. "We exist in the cinematic universe. The mythology of the universe is connected, but [each show looks] very different. Tonally, they're very different. If you pick up [Brian Michael] Bendis' graphic novel, Alias, and you pick up Daredevil, they're wildly different. And the shows ‑‑ that was my one concern coming in. 'Okay. Am I going to have to fit into whatever has been done with Daredevil or with any of the Marvel things before? The answer was, 'No. That's why we're hiring you, for your point of view.'"
Gladiator Teased for Daredevil: Season 2
When asked if he had given any advice to Rosenberg regarding joining the Netflix Marvel universe and running the second series, Daredevil showrunner Steven S. DeKnight joked "Oh, coffee. Lots of coffee."
"It's nonstop," he continued. "As Melissa already knows, it's very challenging to shoot in New York. It's challenging with locations. It's challenging to get crews because there are so many things shooting. And the weather is incredibly challenging. I started Daredevil ‑‑ it was blazing hot in the summer, and I ended freezing my ass off in the winter. And then she came and started in the winter and is finishing in the summer. So it's quite brutal. Beyond that, Melissa is a pro. Everything I've seen and heard about Jessica Jones is fantastic. I'm a big fan of the graphic novel by [Brian Michael] Bendis, who just recently was singing the show's praises. I couldn't tell her anything she doesn't already know."
"I already grilled him when we first were crossing paths in the writers' office," Rosenberg added. "Steven has the advantage. His show is called Daredevil, but Daredevil has an outfit. He has a mask. So Charlie Cox can get a break every once in a while. My show is called Jessica Jones. There's no mask. Krysten Ritter is the hardest working woman in show business."
Further addressing the tone of Jessica Jones, Roesenberg turned the conversation toward Bendis' graphic novels. "He created this incredibly flawed, damaged, interesting character. Regardless of gender, it was the character that drew me in. He wasn't afraid to go there, and we went even further. We've been going further in all of our storytelling. That's the beauty of working with Netflix. It's 13 [episodes]. I'm doing 13. All of us are doing 13. There's no pilot and then getting feedback and reactions and ratings. You're just in this bubble. It's a little scary at times, but it's also, I think, the most freeing experience I've ever had."
"With Jessica, we are pushing the edge really far," she revealed. "Is the audience going to respond to this or not? If I'm worried about it, I'm doing the right thing."
Additional reporting by Eric Goldman.
Matt Fowler is a writer for IGN. Follow him on Twitter at @TheMattFowler and Facebook at Facebook.com/Showrenity.
Paris (CNN) A homeless man stole 300,000 euros ($353,000) from an unlocked room in Paris' Charles de Gaulle Airport on Friday.
The money was taken from an office belonging to cash-handling company Loomis in Terminal 2F of the airport at 5:30 p.m. local time, according to a spokesman at the courthouse in Bobigny, the capital of the region in which the airport is located.
He said that security camera footage shows the man, who is believed to be around 50 years old, rummaging through garbage cans near the Loomis office. The man then leans against the office door and seems surprised when it opens.
The footage shows the man putting down a suitcase and entering the office. He emerged a few minutes later with two bags full of banknotes, according to the spokesman. Leaving his own suitcase behind, he exited the airport and walked away.
The spokesman said that the man was recognized by police who have regularly seen him sleeping rough near the airport.
Read More
Foto: Guliver Image/Getty Images
LEICESTER ipak neće s dna Premiershipa bježati Kraminim golovima, jer Rijeka je odbila ponudu Lisica, tešku 7 milijun funti za Andreja Kramarića.
Klub koji je povratak u najbogatiju nogometnu ligu svijeta osigurao prvim mjestom u drugoj ligi (Championshipu) prošle sezone, teško će ostati u prvoj, jer nakon 15 kola ima samo 10 bodova i na zadnjem je mjestu, četiri boda od sigurne zone.
Ali, klubu u vlasništvu tajlandskog milijardera Vichaija Srivaddhanaprabhe, novac ne predstavlja problem i ponudio je bogatstvo za napadača Rijeke koji je ove sezone u 22 nastupa za Rijeku i Hrvatsku, postigao čak 28 golova.
Cifra koju je Leicester spreman platiti za Kramarića, otprilike je ona koju su Rijeka i Kramarićev otac tražili od Juventusa u nedavnim pregovorima (10 milijuna eura), ali za sada iz Torina ne nude toliko.
Leicester nudi, ali naravno da se napadaču koji je hit na europskom tržištu, ne ide u borbu za opstanak, pa makar i u atraktivnoj Engleskoj. Uostalom, tamo Kramarića žele neusporedivo uspješniji Chelsea, Southampton i Tottenham.
Englezi ističu interes ove trojke, ali dodaju kako će pri formiranju Kramarićeve cijene igrati ono za što tvrde das je nejasno - koliko zapravo još traje Kramarićev ugovor s Rijekom, jer u klub tvrde još jednu sezonu, dok njegov otac kaže da je sloboda na ljeto.
Much excitement for Haruki Murakami fans today after his Japanese publisher announced that he'd be publishing a new novel this April. It's been three years since the original edition of the last volume of Murakami's 1Q84 was published in Japanese – a little over a year since it was published in English translation - so readers are understandably hungry for more, but no details other than the publication date, not even the title, were given away by Bungeishunju.
It's "the worst form of teasing possible", concludes the Japan Daily Press, mournfully. Fans are in a frenzy of excitement , and in the absence of any more information, are speculating about what the book will cover.
"I bet it will contain ear porn, a lonely man, a teenage/under-age girl, the war in Manchuria [and] some cooking," opines one reader, probably fairly accurately. The NY Daily News, meanwhile, predicts that it's "safe to bet that there will be cats (that may or may not talk) and probably some awkward sex, too", while there's also talk that it could be a fourth part to 1Q84.
What we need, I feel, is a Haruki Murakami plot generator to keep us going until the mystery book is translated into English. It's that, or learn Japanese. Can anybody help out? It must start with a disappearing cat, surely...
Do patients who hear voices have the right to refuse psychiatric medicine? A growing movement says yes
LONDON — The voices came often: three men, mocking her. Telling her she was stupid. Urging her to kill herself. Psychiatrists diagnosed her with schizophrenia.
But Rachel Waddingham now rejects that diagnosis.
After more than a decade of taking medications and cycling in and out of mental hospitals, Waddingham has embraced a new way of thinking about her voices. She no longer tries to banish them with drugs, but accepts them as a part of herself. She now considers them a reflection of her feelings and experiences, signals that help her understand when and why she feels overwhelmed — rather than authorities whose commands she should follow.
advertisement
This approach underlies a controversial international movement that raises fundamental questions about what it means to be mentally ill. The question at the heart of the debate: Do patients who hear voices — and suffer other symptoms that psychiatrists would consider severe — have the right to direct their treatment, even if that means rejecting conventional therapies, such as psychiatric medication?
Some mainstream psychiatrists have concerns that people who are out of touch with reality and spurn treatment may pose a danger to themselves or others.
But the movement, which began in the Netherlands, has spread rapidly in the past three decades; there are now “hearing voices” support groups on all five continents, and over 180 in the U.K., alone, anchored by the Hearing Voices Network. The idea has been slower to take hold in the U.S., which has a strong medical model for treating mental illness, but is gaining steam there, too.
“For me, the bottom line is to find the most effective way of treating [the voices] — if the person wants to treat them — which should always include non-medical and medical options,” said David Penn, a psychology and neuroscience professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Penn, who studies psychosocial treatment for schizophrenia, said tactics such as meditation, exercise, and cognitive behavioral therapy can be viable options.
There are now about 90 support groups across the U.S., according to the Hearing Voices Network USA. Just last month, advocates of the approach held five training sessions for support group leaders. And in August, the World Hearing Voices Congress will be held at Boston University, the first time the meeting will take place in the U.S. Organizers are hoping for about 500 attendees, though some have expressed worries about having to apply for visas to the U.S., which ask about mental health status.
Many in the movement say they're not mentally ill because their hallucinations don't cause them distress or interfere significantly with their ability to move productively through life. They say diagnoses are too often subjective and unreliable. Indeed, some say that being labelled mentally ill — or being pushed to go on medications — has caused them more problems than the voices they hear.
The movement's leaders are careful to acknowledge that antipsychotics and other medications can work for some patients. But they also note that there is a trade-off between those benefits, which can be substantial, and severe and often unpleasant side effects, such as significant weight gain that can lead to diabetes. And there are questions about the long-term effectiveness of psychiatric medications.
In workshops and support groups, movement advocates try to reassure people who are frightened by the experience of hearing voices that it's not unusual and doesn't necessarily portend a spiral into psychosis. They offer concrete strategies for coping, including trying to set up appointments to talk to the voices at periodic intervals — and wearing headphones while doing so, so it will look to the outside world like you're simply talking on the phone. A workshop at the World Hearing Voices Congress promises tips on negotiating alternative realities.
“For us, voices are a signal, they are something that tell you about your life.” Dr. Dirk Corstens
“For us, voices are a signal, they are something that tell you about your life,” said Dr. Dirk Corstens, a psychiatrist and psychotherapist in Maastricht in the Netherlands and a leader in the movement. “You have to listen to [them]. Not obey, but listen.”
Many recovered voice hearers say that once they engage with the voices, their mental health improves — and the voices become nicer as well.
Since going off her medications, for instance, Waddingham has been able to take on demanding full-time jobs, such as serving as a past project manager at a nonprofit mental health advocacy organization. And she's gotten married.
Now 39, she lives in Faversham, England, about 50 miles east of London, works as a therapist, and gives speeches about voice hearing and recovery strategies around the country. She's also writing a book and applying for Ph.D. programs.
She hears more voices than ever — about 13 at the moment, she estimates. And they continue to tell her to hurt herself or others. Waddingham acknowledges that hearing the voices “can be difficult.” She still has days when it's hard to cope and she needs to sit home alone and pull a blanket around her. Still, she chooses not to use medication — even though the drugs did reduce the number of voices she heard.
“I'm not a tragic case,” she said.
‘Unusual, but not pathological'
Many psychiatrists see losing touch with reality — for example, hearing voices — as a quintessential symptom of severe mental illness and drugs as the most effective treatment to keep the patients from harming themselves or others.
There is some research to support this worry: In one seminal U.S. study of 1,410 people with schizophrenia, those who experienced hallucinations, including hearing voices that others don't hear, were more likely to commit serious violence, though the overall likelihood of violence was still low, according to Jeffrey Swanson, a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Duke University. He was a co-author on that paper, published in 2006 in the Archives of General Psychiatry.
“Psychiatrists are the experts in treatment that can be helpful, so they should be involved … and try to make sure patients don't lose insight and get into serious trouble.” Jeffrey Swanson, psychiatry professor
But Swanson said there's “a big difference” between patients who know that the voices are only being heard by themselves and those who don't.
Most psychiatrists these days want patients to “share in the decision-making” and come up with a personalized treatment plan, Swanson said. “At the same time,” he added, “psychiatrists are the experts in treatment that can be helpful, so they should be involved, monitor what is happening, and try to make sure patients don't lose insight and get into serious trouble.”
Newsletters Sign up for our Morning Rounds newsletter Please enter a valid email address. Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you're human:
How common is it to hear voices? The numbers vary widely, but one review of 17 existing studies across nine countries found that, on average, about 1 in 8 people surveyed reported an experience of hearing a voice that wasn't real.
“The findings support the current movement away from pathological models of unusual experiences and towards understanding voice-hearing as occurring on a continuum in the general population,” the researchers wrote in the study, published in 2011 in the Journal of Mental Health.
Charles Fernyhough, a psychology professor at Durham University in the U.K. who studies the topic, said one theory holds that the phenomenon appears to be similar to the self-talk that everyone does. It seems a certain percentage of people don't experience their internal monologues as being something that they themselves have produced, leading them to experience the voices as coming from another person.
Voice hearing “is unusual, but it's not in itself pathological,” Fernyhough said.
Finding comfort in invisible friends
Lisa Forestell, of Somerville, Mass., has heard voices for as long as she can remember. When she was very young, she thought everyone did, and spoke out loud to hers, two girls and a boy. “I didn't seem to notice any sort of negative feedback from the rest of my world,” she said.
But when she began school, a teacher told her that the voices weren't allowed to come to school. Forestell “made a pact” with her voices that they would only talk to her in private. It mostly worked.
She still was teased, though. And she noticed that in the media, people who heard voices were often depicted as crazy or criminal. “What [these experiences] underscored for me is that I was ‘other.' I was weird,” said Forestell, who is now 51. “I considered it was a superpower or a cool thing, but really the message that was coming to me was that it wasn't a good thing.”
Though she found her voices meaningful and comforting — a little group of best friends who happened to be in her head — she didn't tell anyone again for decades.
Only in 2009, while working for the Western Massachusetts Recovery Learning Community, which wanted to start a voice-hearers' group, did she finally confide in her supervisor. “It was terrifying,” Forestell said.
One of the voices has grown up with her — the other two chose to remain children — and all are often sounding boards. When she first decided to go public as a voice hearer, for instance, the voices were cautious and said they didn't want to be quoted. Now they are encouraging her to speak out, Forestell said.
For Rachel Waddingham, who first heard the voices when she was 18, learning to cope with them without medication changed her life.
After coming across the Hearing Voices Network about 15 years ago, she made a conscious decision not to identify as mentally ill. When she told her long-term psychiatrist she wanted to taper off her medication, she got resistance. “Why won't you let me help you?” the psychiatrist asked.
But Waddingham said if she had a choice, she wouldn't want to get rid of her voices. They have helped her in many ways: She is good at focusing because she has to block out the voices and skilled at managing conflict because the voices can be “pretty harsh.” She also thinks she is more generous as a person, more open to others' perspectives and more in touch with her own anxieties. The voices serve as a kind of early warning system for internal stress.
“If I pay attention, I know before it becomes an issue,” she said.
Correction: An earlier version of this story misspelled the name of Lisa Forestell.
New Spider-Man: Homecoming footage debuted tonight at the MTV Movie and TV Awards. You can find the teaser below.
The footage was presented live at the event by stars Tom Holland and Zendaya in their second recent promotional appearance for Spider-Man: Homecoming following their showdown on Lip Sync Battle.
The release of the footage comes exactly two months away from Spider-Man: Homecoming's release in theaters. Spider-Man: Homecoming currently has a 4.10 out of 5 ComicBook User Anticipation Rating, making it the sixth most anticipated upcoming comic book movie among ComicBook.com readers. Let us know how excited you are about Spider-Man: Homecoming by giving it your own ComicBook User Anticipation Rating below.
Thrilled by his experience with the Avengers, young Peter Parker (Tom Holland) returns home to live with his Aunt May. Under the watchful eye of mentor Tony Stark, Parker starts to embrace his newfound identity as Spider-Man. He also tries to return to his normal daily routine -- distracted by thoughts of proving himself to be more than just a friendly neighborhood superhero. Peter must soon put his powers to the test when the evil Vulture emerges to threaten everything that he holds dear. Filming for Spider-Man: Homecoming began in June 2016 at Pinewood Atlanta Studios in Georgia. There were also on location shoots in an Atlanta high school, a hotel, and Atlanta's West End. Some filming did take place in New York City, where the film wrapped production in October 2016.
Spider-Man: Homecoming will be the first Spider-Man movie produced jointly by Marvel Studios and Sony Pictures since both studios reached an agreement to work together on the character's films. Holland debuted in the role of Spider-Man in Captain America: Civil War, where he was recruited by Tony Stark onto Team Iron to take on Team Captain America. Holland will also reprise his role as Spider-Man for Avengers: Infinity War, which releases in 2018 and will include Spider-Man, the Avengers, and the Guardians of the Galaxy coming together to battle Thanos. A sequel to Spider-Man: Homecoming is already in the planning. Holland is expected to reprise his role again in the sequel to Avengers: Infinity War. Spider-Man: Homecoming is directed by Jon Watts, from a screenplay by Jonathan M. Goldstein & John Francis Daley and Watts & Christopher Ford and Chris McKenna & Erik Sommers, and stars Tom Holland, Michael Keaton, Zendaya, Donald Glover, Jacob Batalon, Laura Harrier, Tony Revolori, Tyne Daly, Bokeem Woodbine, Marisa Tomei, and Robert Downey Jr.
Spider-Man: Homecoming opens in theaters July 7, 2017.
MORE SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING: Spider-Man Movie Celebrity Cameos You Probably Missed / Spider-Man Rescues Ferry In New Homecoming Image / Homecoming Figure Unveiled By NECA / DJ Khaled Films Scene With Stan Lee And Tom Holland
A report recently published at German Newspaper Der Spiegel exposed atrocities committed by Iranian Militias in Iraq and Syria (IMIS) during the military operation to liberate Mosul city from ISIS terrorists since October 2016.
Der Spiegel photographer Ali Arkady documented Iraqi security forces abducting, torturing, raping, and killing civilians around Mosul.IMIS group has been part of the military operation launched by Iraqi Forces to liberate Mosul city from ISIS terrorists. The Iranian-backed militia has committed several violations against Sunni civilians in order to force them from homes. They are not subjected to Iraqi government as they owe allegiance to their Iranian masters.Arkady who embedded MOI and Emergency Response Unit for project titled "Heroes, not destroyers" released photos of the project in a report at SPIEGEL titled as 'Not Heroes, but Monsters'.He reported how the unit treated him as part of their team, allowed him to film and photograph the abuses - even invited him to join in.Arkady says he received death threats, brought his family to safety before releasing evidence of the crimes he documented. Now lives abroad.Describing what he called 'competition' among Federal Police and Emergency Response Unit (ERU), Arkady said that Federal Police forces described raping particularly beautiful woman before ERU raid her place.Last sentence on being forced to flee home. "It is the price for my work - to publish what I have witnessed. It is mine to bear. I pay it.", Arkady said.After taking Hamam Al-Alil, ERU detained Sunnis, tortured father in earshot of son, then son in front of dad -finally killed the 16 yr-old.Cpt Omar after raid: "We took everything: Men, women, looted the houses." Arkady even describes instance of Sunni Hashd fighter being raped.
Mooore stuff with baacckgrroound whoooaoahahhah?
Hahah, still searchin' fer the style I wanna use in my comic, an' I think this is much closer than what I thought I had before. Took me a while, but I could see it gettin' faster with practice.
Speakin' of the comic! Allow me to introduce to ya Jilt, the changeling, an' Calloweather, uh, the earth pony. They're eating cereal. Why? I don't know, this painting is weirder to me than Pinkamina Duress, hahah. There's no real logic to why I painted this, just needed a scene idea an' happened to be eatin' breakfast at the time. Also, this never happens in the comic, just threw 'em together in a random place. I kinda consider these guys, like, my first OCs ever, so that's kinda cool, hahah.
The background's actually modeled after the table where Twilight tries to get a bite to eat in Ticketmaster -- before Rainbow, uh, yeah. One of the only things I could think about while I was paintin' this was; if you wanted a meal but didn't wanna pay, could you just eat the chairs? I'unno.
Hope ya like it! XD
If you know anything about the sweetheart deal the city gave the Marlins to build a new stadium, you know team president David Samson basically bent Miami over a pinball machine and had his way with it. But he's far from done with the humiliation—with his remarks to a gathering of local business leaders yesterday, Samson essentially tossed Miami five bucks for cab fare and told it to clean itself up.
"I don't have to hold back now that the stadium is built," Samson told the Beacon Council, adding "we're not the smartest people in Miami. If you're in this room, you're instantly in the top 1%."
Samson recalled his meetings with officials in San Antonio and Las Vegas in exploratory efforts to move the team, and pretty much admitted that selling tickets is more important than having good fans.
If the Marlins were to move to Las Vegas, Mr. Samson said, he suggested the casinos there buy out game tickets in advance so nobody would be drawn away from the casinos. "We don't care if nobody comes," Mr. Samson recalled with a smile. "We'll play in front of nobody, and we'll have all the money."
Advertisement
Oh, and remember how Jose Reyes said he came to the Marlins because "I see the plan that they have, the great young talent that they have there in Miami, and I think it's a good opportunity to win?" Yeah, no. Samson sort of blew up Reyes's spot:
"[Reyes] said 'I really want to play in Miami as long as you pay me $1 more than anyone else… I really want to make the most money I can.'"
Objectively, it doesn't make sense to hate a ballclub. It's just laundry, after all. But in their 19 years of existence, the Marlins have done nothing more than sell off beloved players anytime they win, pocket revenues without putting them back into the team, lie to their city about the money they're bringing in, and spend taxpayer cash without giving taxpayers a say. I think it's okay to hate the Marlins.
Advertisement
Miami Marlins president Samson criticizes elected officials, Miamians, press [Miami Today]
Marlins Prez David Samson Calls Miamians "Stupid," Says He Cares More About Money Than Fans [Miami New Times]
Dan Ackerman/CNET
In case we needed any more evidence about a grim PC market, IHS iSuppli has clinched it.
Worldwide computer shipments are set to decline this year for the first time since 2001, the tech research firm says today. That means the market will total about 348.7 million units in 2012, down 1.2 percent from last year.
IHS noted that the year started out promising, with Intel and PC makers touting thin-and-light ultrabooks at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. But quarterly sales have proved to be disappointing, and the usual boost from the key back-to-school season "appears to be a bust."
"There was great hope through the first half that 2012 would prove to be a rebound year for the PC market," said Craig Stice, senior principal analyst for computer systems at IHS. "Optimism has vanished and turned to doubt, and the industry is now training its sights on 2013 to deliver the hoped-for rebound."
IHS iSuppli
PC market growth has slowed of late as consumers, cautious about the global economy, hold off on computer purchases in favor of mobile devices. Intel, which has been driving the move to ultrabooks, last month cut its revenue guidance for the third quarter by about $1 billion. At the time, the chip giant said it was seeing "weaker than expected demand in a challenging macroeconomic environment."
Intel and its PC partners are counting on ultrabooks and the launch of the newest Windows operating system to help reinvigorate PC sales.
Still, IHS says some important questions remain for the PC market, including:
 How much impact will Windows 8 really have when it comes to possibly boosting the PC market in the fourth quarter?
 Will continuing global economic concerns neutralize whatever hype or interest has been generated by ultrabooks?
 Will mobile computing gadgets such as tablets and smartphones win over PCs during the crucial holiday selling season, taking precious consumer dollars and keeping PC sales at bay?
The firm says that, for now, there are signs a strong rebound could still occur in 2013.
"While IHS has reduced its forecast for them, the new ultrabooks and other ultrathin notebook computers remain viable products with the potential to redraw the PC landscape, and the addition of Windows 8 to the mix could prove potent and irresistible to consumers," IHS said. "Whether a newly configured PC space could then stand up to the powerful smartphone and tablet markets, however, remains to be seen."
Antidepressant use among Americans is skyrocketing. Adults in the U.S. consumed four times more antidepressants in the late 2000s than they did in the early 1990s. As the third most frequently taken medication in the U.S., researchers estimate that 8 to 10 percent of the population is taking an antidepressant. But this spike does not necessarily signify a depression epidemic. Through the early 2000s pharmaceutical companies were aggressively testing selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), the dominant class of depression drug, for a variety of disorders—the timeline below shows the rapid expansion of FDA-approved uses.
As the drugs' patents expired, companies stopped funding studies for official approval. Yet doctors have continued to prescribe them for more ailments. One motivating factor is that SSRIs are a fairly safe option for altering brain chemistry. Because we know so little about mental illness, many clinicians reason, we might as well try the pills already on the shelf.
Common Off-Label Uses
Doctors commonly use antidepressants to treat many maladies they are not approved for. In fact, studies show that between 25 and 60 percent of prescribed antidepressants are actually used to treat nonpsychological conditions. The most common and well-supported off-label uses of SSRIs include:
Abuse and dependence
ADHD (in children and adolescents)
Anxiety disorders
Autism (in children)
Bipolar disorder
Eating disorders
Fibromyalgia
Neuropathic pain
Obsessive-compulsive disorder
Premenstrual dysphoric disorder
Investigational Uses
SSRIs have shown promise in clinical trials for many more disorders, and some doctors report using them successfully to treat these ailments:
If you're a "Parenthood" fan, you know the Braverman clan is the most tight-knit family on TV -- they laugh, they cry, they solve each others problems. But did you know the "Parenthood" cast is basically a family too?
Here's the proof:
Mae Whitman (Amber Holt) and Miles Heizer (Drew Holt) are real-life roommates.
“We're definitely unusually close, just as far as human beings go,” Whitman told BuzzFeed. “Miles is definitely my best friend.”
Even better, they're in each others phones as "Mae Blood" and "Miles Blood."
Lauren Graham, Mae and Miles' TV mom, really wants to be their real mom ...
"This is my son, Miles. I'm the mom, he's my son," Whitman joked in an interview with Zap2it. "He's my son! You're not even in wardrobe! What are you doing?" Graham joked back, before Heizer said, "You can both be my moms."
... And she's all about sending them loving tweets.
.@maebirdwing
Dear Shirley:
I'm nothing without you.
Love,
Laverne — Lauren Graham (@thelaurengraham) October 22, 2013
Graham's onscreen ex-fiancee Jason Ritter is part of the gang, too.
"Because I started four years ago with them, Lauren, Mae [Whitman], Miles [Heizer] and I all sort of stayed in touch and became like a little family," Ritter told HuffPost TV.
Sam Jaeger and Erika Christensen are bummed out that Joel and Julia are separating ... mostly because they love working together so much.
I worked all day with @Sam_Jaeger and didn't take any pictures for you 'Hoodrats, but he's still as handsome as ever. — Erika Christensen (@ERIKAjaneC) October 12, 2013
Xolo Mariduena, who plays Victor, isn't above guilt-tripping his TV parents ...
I'm still team #Joelia, but wouldn't mind if @Sam_Jaeger & @ERIKAjaneC sent victor to Hawaii to ease the pain #GuiltTrip — Xolo Mariduena (@Xolo_Mariduena) January 25, 2014
... And it certainly looks like Savannah Paige Rae (Sydney) and Tyree Brown (Jabbar) are BFF.
Mae Whitman and Joy Bryant are all about TV-related late-night phone calls.
"You'll really never find anyone cooler than Joy [Bryant]," Whitman told Rolling Stone. "Sometimes we call each other late at night just to recap 'Chopped' episodes."
Monica Potter and Peter Krause may not be married in real life, but they're still best friends.
Did we mention they're obsessed with each other?
"I'm extremely honored to be a part of this family," Whitman told Rolling Stone. "I hope this show goes on a million years so I can grow old with these clowns."
UK 'will have hard Irish border and does not care', Sinn Fein MP says BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Britain will impose a hard border on the island of Ireland as it leaves the European Union regardless of its impact, a senior Sinn Fein MP has said. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/republic-of-ireland/uk-will-have-hard-irish-border-and-does-not-care-sinn-fein-mp-says-35437897.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article35437898.ece/a482f/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-10ec3dd4-1a21-4876-9c7e-842cac01f75e_I1.jpg
Email
Britain will impose a hard border on the island of Ireland as it leaves the European Union regardless of its impact, a senior Sinn Fein MP has said.
Pat Doherty, former vice president of the party, told a parliamentary committee there is no such thing as a soft border.
Ireland should not be "naive" about an imminent new frontier and needed to realise Britain had only permanent interests, not permanent friends, he said.
"There is no such thing as a soft border... just soft words," he told Dublin's Oireachtas Joint Committee on the Implementation of the Good Friday Agreement.
"The road the British government is travelling on is going to lead to a hard border on the island of Ireland.
"We are in for a very, very difficult time."
The abstentionist West Tyrone MP said it did not matter that every political party, north and south, bar one or two small factions, was opposed to a 310 mile hard border being reimposed between both parts of the island.
"We should not be naive about the intention of the British government," he said.
"They are going to have a hard border and they do not care in any meaningful way about its impact on Ireland."
Mr Doherty said Theresa May's Government cares only about the "Tory and Brexit vote, mostly in England" and Ireland has a huge job to convince Europe of the depth of the problem.
But he added Europe could "devise special circumstances" for Northern Ireland given that every citizen is entitled under the Good Friday Agreement to be an EU citizen.
Public Spending Minister Paschal Donohoe, who appeared before the committee hearing into the impact of Brexit on the peace deal, said the Irish government needed to look at trade and funding models between Sweden and Norway as well as France and Switzerland.
"We want the current trading relationship between the UK and Ireland to be as close to the current circumstances as possible," he said.
"That is the objective we will have entering negotiations."
Mr Donohoe said the British "have left space" in what relationship it will have with the EU's customs union in the future, which allowed an important area to negotiate a trading arrangement that best suits the needs of the Irish economy.
"Any time I visit any of the border counties I hear very clearly from citizens their concerns on economic stability and freedoms now and in the future," he said.
"I agree that we can not see a return to a hard border because of the destabilising effects it would have on the north and other parts of Ireland."
Approaching random strangers can feel off. Kind of unnatural. But for you, it is downright scary. You feel like you screw up before you even try. But you want to meet new people nonetheless.
You're sick of being in social situations, where you just stand around looking like an idiot. Saying a few boring, uninspired words to some people,… then nothing else.
It feels easier to avoid conversation entirely. Instead of asking for what you want, or trying to make new friends, you accept you are just the quiet guy.
But this doesn't remove this gaping hole. You try to fill it with distracting activities. But video games don't work, porn doesn't work, even pizza can't fill that hole.
You feel lonely and left out. Frustrated. Why don't you get this? Was there something you missed, that others did learn?
Well, they have experience. Other people had their fair share of practice – and stayed in (social) shape. You too can (re)learn to talk to anyone. Confidently and without looking desperate. Easily striking up a conversation with strangers, because you like to talk to people.
Overcoming crippling anxiety
So we all want to be social. Some people more than others. But doesn't matter whether you are ex- or introvert. Talking to people is in our genes, humans are social creatures! So whether you need it a lot or a little, for everybody it is fulfilling to have a healthy social life.
But for whatever reason. It just doesn't work for you. Something blocks you.
There is fear.
A conquerable fear, but a paralyzing sentiment nonetheless. There are three important strategies for handling your fear. Jumping in, gradually conditioning yourself and rationalizing the situation.
So imagine you are in front of a lake. The lake is ice cold. But you want to swim. So you can jump in, get a big shock, but you will get used to the temperature. It is terrifying at first but hey, it works.
This equals the “just do it” and “fake it till you make it” arguments. Effective, but it's shock therapy. If that leap was that easy, you were not reading this.
Exposure therapy is another option. Building up a tolerance, step by step. First you dip your toes. Then your feet. To your knees. Gradually going deeper and deeper. Until you are ready to fully immerse yourself in the water ready to swim.
This is how people even get used to poison [not reccomended]! By exposing yourself to small, gradually growing doses, you can conquer almost anything.
So start conquering a bit of fear. Get used to it. Make another small brave step. And another. Until what seemed like a huge leap of courage, isn't that big of a deal anymore. Let's get back on this later.
First let's rationalize why stepping up to people actually is so scary.
You need to do some fear setting. [<– recommended link for that]
Sit down. Think and write – what is the worst thing that can happen? How can you negate the negative consequences as much as possible? And what will you miss out on if you DON'T take action? Think about it.
Realize you can be ignored, sneered at, laughed at. And that can hurt emotionally. But in essence, nothing really bad has happened. Imagine this – what will change in your life?
Really bring home the argument – that YES there is a whole emotional dimension – but on the other side of this fear,… there is only to gain.
If you do start practicing this skill, you might know a few new people within days, have close friends in a few months. And an amazing social life in a year!
In practice, you will find that most of your fears were totally unfounded! Fear and suffering are mostly conjured up by your vivid imagination.
So how do you approach people?
First things first. To start a conversation with someone new.
Like most informal communication, how you say things is more important than what you say. You might feel you're going to say something wrong. But focus more on style than on content.
If you are going to strike up a conversation. Be casual about it. Look for clues people are open for conversation.
When they display closed up body language. Stop. Never mind, wait or look for someone more open. Do they display a more relaxed attitude? Go for it.
Establish eye contact and smile warmly. Then approach and introduce yourself. Just take it easy and don't be pushy.
Be the first to smile. You'll see that most people easily smile back at you :)!
Approach people from the front. Not from their backs, as it is intimidating if you come up in their blind spot.
So you walk up. And you say:
“Hi, what's up?”
It doesn't have to be elaborate at all. You can just say, hi, hey, hello or any other variant of the word you'd like. Ask how they are, introduce yourself, or just start chatting away. Just say something.
“Hey, how are you? I am [player 1]. Something”
Wait? Back up, back up. Just say something? What are you supposed to talk about? You don't have a clue.
Well, it can truly be anything. Remember style is more important. Try to be as confident, and casual as possible. May not work the first few times. But over time you will feel more relaxed while doing this. Here is a list of examples.
You can talk about them:
“Hey where did you get that [item] you're wearing?”
“How are you doing?”
“May I ask you opinion on [nontaboo subject]?”
Ask small general stuff:
“Hey, you know the time?”
“Can you tell me directions to […]?”
“Do you know when this place closes?”
Comment about shared experience:
“How was the traffic?”
“Isn't this a beautiful [setting]?”
“Wow, awesome building right, have you been here before?”
Comment ask about the social setting
“Hey, how do you know the host?”
“You come here more often?”
“So this is a crazy crowd right?”
“So what do you think of this [event/setting]?”
Talk about common interests
“Did you see the game last night?”
“Nice weather right?”
“So what do you think of the mayor?”
Some of these seem boring – and I guess some are. But it is an easy non-threatening way to start a conversation. You can make it as heated and interesting as you want later.
Though I recommend you don't start off with too heavy, crazy or controversial subjects. You want to meet people. Not immediately irritate them. First practice mundane low key openers, later you ask about their spirit animal and lightsaber color.
When people successfully reciprocate, you can escalate this in some banter or small talk. Try to make people comfortable. By being genuinely interested in them. Asking open-ended questions.
When trying to enter a group setting conversation, look if there is a possibility to join. Then bluntly state your arrival by jumping in the conversation. Or you can introduce yourself first – and join the banter.
“Sorry for barging in, but I'd like to add…”
“What are you guys talking about, mind if I join the conversation?”
Then listen and start participating in the conversation.
Brand-new settings for your mind
If you want to start applying these techniques effectively, you may want to lose some limiting scripts still barging through your head. You might conceptualize yourself still in terms as: “I am not good enough to have friends” “I am just the quiet guy.” Or any other negative way you think about yourself.
Screw that old programming. That isn't really helping. Besides, it is not true. You can change – but part of that is upgrading mental configuration.
So let's start applying some more helpful mindsets.
How the fuck are you supposed to apply a new mindset?
By memorizing them. Then thinking about them at the right time, considering how they can be applied. Then gradually start acting in concurrence with them. Until they become your primary mode.
Here are some very constructive mindsets to start with:
Mindset #1 – I am detached from the outcome
Start approaching people without expecting a direct result.
It may give you a small courageous endorphin boost. You may have an awesome meeting at once. But maybe you need time to learn and adapt.
Skill and tolerance are built over time. So for now, detach yourself from the direct outcome. Be it positive or negative. Do it for the sake of practice.
Mindset #2 – I tolerate rejection
Sometimes people are not into talking. Recognizes when people are, so you can excuse yourself.
People can be distracted. Lost in thought, or waiting for someone else. No biggie. Maybe they are not interested in talking to you. They might have a bad day. Or they are just an ass.
No problem, it doesn't matter.
When people don't reciprocate, excuses yourself and stop. No harm was done.
Don't try to force it. Especially if you have tried it before with someone. If people don't want to talk. Let it be.
It may hurt – but accept this rejection. Tolerate, grow and learn from it.
Mindset 3 – I let others talk second
Make it your priority that others have the second word and you are the first.
So you force yourself to start conversations. They can add. Most people don't really feel to start conversations with strangers. That is okay – you will.
They can be the second one to talk.
Mindset 4 – It always is like meeting my best friend
This is a nice little trick. Imagine how you would act towards your best friend.
Assume people are that awesome buddy of yours. If you can trick yourself, you feel relaxed and confident around new people. Making them lower their barriers. It's actually easier to have a conversation this way!
It might be tricky the first time. But give it a go. It is very amusing, if you act this way, you can drag others in your illusion and both enjoy each others company more.
Taking Action
So we talked about mindsets to adopt, what to say and about the fear around talking to strangers.
Let's start to build up some tolerance. If you want to just start talking to strangers out of the blue from now on great! But if you want to ease into it, you are going to practice.
You will learn this social skill step by step. Until you are absolutely strengthened by all your progress towards striking up a conversation with anyone!
This is the training schedule you are going to follow. You can always do a more advanced version of this if you'd like.
Week 1 – say hi to 3 random people every day
Week 2 – say hi to 6 random people every day
Week 3 – ask for the time from 3 people every day
Week 4 – ask for directions from 3 people every day
Week 5 – say hi and give a small compliment to 3 people every day
Week 6 – have a small conversation with 3 people every day
Week 7 – say hi, compliment 5 people and have a small conversation every day Week 8 – start seeing the results 🙂
How do you think you feel in week 8? It feels far away to even imagine talking to 5 people in one day. But I urge you to try!
Did you bail? Did you not make it? No biggie – try your week of challenges again till you can!
Gradually you will see things are way easier than they seem :)! You have built up your tolerance. You can swallow the poison. You can talk to anyone!
Let me know how things go!
So now for the question of the moment: Is Michael Phelps the greatest Olympian ever? He's won more total gold medals than any other Olympian, and he's won more gold medals in one (Olympics) than any other. So, how about it?
The guys at the Yahoo! Sports blog have decided to tackle this question, and I rather agree with their assessment. Not yet. I think Carl Lewis is the greatest – he won gold medals over the course of four Olympics from 1984 to1996. He ran the sprints. He ran relays. He won medals in the long jump. So I'm up for saying that if Phelps can come back in 2012 and win some more gold, then he can be the greatest, but until then, I'm sticking with Lewis.
Continue Reading
Some of the Phelps detractors are arguing that since he's only swimming, and since there are so many swimming events, then it's easier for him to win medals than it is for other athletes. And anyone who says this is a moron. It's theoretically possible for this to happen in track – just run the 100-meter sprint, the 200-meter sprint, and the 400-meter. Do the hurdles at various meters, run the relays, then try the long jump – Carl Lewis didn't run the longer events, but he did the 100-meter, the relay races, and the long jump. This is the equivalent of what Phelps just did, racing at different lengths, and with different strokes.
If you want to argue that Phelps isn't the greatest Olympian of all time, fine. I'll listen to the arguments – as I said, I'm sticking with Carl Lewis for the present – but please come up with a better argument than he's just a swimmer.
And speaking of Phelps, for any of you who didn't see Friday night's 100-meter butterfly, here's some still underwater still photos of the finish from Sports Illustrated. Now you'll understand what people mean when they say Phelps won by a fingernail.
****************** It seems to me that, at every Olympics, there is a judging controversy in gymnastics. And this time it occurs over the tie-breaking procedure that knocked America's Nastia Liukin from a tie for the gold medal to the winner of the silver.
I don't really care about the controversy. I just wanted to use this as a chance to remark upon the class and grace of the U.S. gymnasts. After what has happened, it would be easy for the girls to whine about the scoring, or to allege grand conspiracies like Marta Karolyi, but they have chosen to not go that route, and I find that refreshing.
Sports Illustrated quotes Liukin saying that “I know I didn't have my best routine, but I had the same exact score as she did, which makes it a little harder to take…I still don't understand how they broke the tie, but that's the rules, and you just have to play by them.”
And I appreciate that grace and class.
****************** Let's give a shout-out to LaPorte's Kerron Clement who was part of the U.S. medal sweep in the 400-meter hurdles. Clement got the silver. This was the first sweep of the event in the Olympics by a team since the United States pulled off the trick in Rome in 1960.
And Katy's Cat Osterman teamed with Jennie Finch to lead the U.S. softball team to victory. The 9-0 victory moved the Americans into the medal round. The U.S. has pretty much dominated softball this Olympics – winning six games by shutout with five of the games ended early because of the mercy rule. They have outscored the competition 53-1, and there are still two games left to play. The American's have pretty much dominated softball in the other Olympics, which is probably why this is the last Olympic competition for softball.
******************* Does anyone else out there think that the Brazilian women's beach volleyball team learned their lesson last night? According to the NBC announcers, Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh were having a pre-match workout on one of the practice courts when the Brazilians demanded they leave so they could have the court. May-Treanor and Walsh agreed, then proceeded to kick their asses 21-12, 21-14 in their beach volleyball match (this was the 107th consecutive win). I'm not sure who May-Treanor and Walsh play next, but since it's for the gold, I'd advise that team to not piss them off beforehand.
******************* Tonight's Olympic TV brings us the tape-delayed women's 400-meter finals with America's Sanya Richards favored to become the first U.S. women to win the 400 since Valerie Brisco Hooks in 1984. The world's fastest man, Usain Bolt, will be racing in the 200-meter semifinals (also on tape delay, as are all of the track-and-field events shown in prime time, though, if I'm reading my schedules correctly, there is a chance that America's Lolo Jones will be trying for the gold in the woman's 100-meter hurdles during prime time). There will also be some more men and women's gymnastics, though I'm pretty sure you can also find those scores on the internet today. – John Royal
Get the biggest What's On stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A group of artists bidding to open a non-profit coffee shop on Manchester's King Street have smashed their fundraising target - with days to spare.
The Future Artists Co-operative group, based at the Sharp Project, want to open a cafe and working space in a currently empty shop as part a bid to revitalise the shopping street, which currently has eight empty units.
The group had already raised £15,000 themselves and were seeking the final £5,000 through donations via website Kickstarter.
READ:
As news of the project spread, donations flooded in, with the group currently £145 over target. Some donations were even given through the online currency Doge Coins - and customers will be able to pay for coffee this way too when the shop opens.
Members of Future Artists now hope to have the Honest Coffee shop up and running by July - with profits passed on to local community groups and sports teams. As well as selling artisan coffee and cakes, artists, designers and entrepreneurs will also be able to pay for time on the workspace at the shop.
Mark Ashmore, 33, one of the organisers, said: “My phone started buzzing last night as we reached the target and people were messaging me, it was fantastic.
“We now have 140 backers so its a celebration for them as well as us.
“Around £800 of the money came from people clicking through from the first MEN story so the help from the paper has been massive and we couldn't have done without it.
"We've also had donations of Doge Coins thanks to a Manchester-based tech company Pixel Kicks and then all of Manchester's Doge Coin community got involved.
"It's great because they are the kind of people who are likely to be using the cafe. We will be accepting Doge Coin and other online currency like Bitcoin.”
Actress Victoria Connett, 30, from Salford, who is also a member of Future Artists, said: “A space like this could help people network and build their careers. “And the profits would be given back to the community - not someone at the top.”
More news from the Manchester Evening News
Find out what's happening where you live with our In Your Area section
Read the Manchester Evening News on your phone - download the Apple MEN App here , the Android MEN App here and the Kindle app here - and get the paper as an e-edition every morning by subscribing here
The Space Shuttle - a (loose) development log
Sunrise during entry
On the pad, ready to go. Pushing throught the first cloud layer. It's nice up here! Looking at the ET over Scotland. Nightside of Earth. Entry plasma. Early dawn just after the high heat phase is over. Sunrise during the late entry phase. Scattered morning clouds during TAEM. Light through the top windows playing across the pilot console. Aimed for the Vandenberg runway with HUD de-cluttered early. Safe touchdown in Vandenberg.
Let there be light!
Sunlight filtering through the cockpit windows. Night illumination based on panel backlighting only, casting a weak ambient light into the rest of the cockpit. Left Commander (CDR) fluorescent panel light. Middle CDR fluorescent panel light. Middle Pilot (PLT) fluorescent panel light. Right PLT fluorescent panel light. Left CDR incandescent ceiling light. Middle CDR incandescent ceiling light. Middle PLT incandescent ceiling light. Right PLT incandescent ceiling light. All panel lights. All lights on.
As usual, care has to be taken that light intensity is added correctly in physical rather than perception space.
I love spaceflight
Leaving the cape. The northward course to a 51 deg inclination orbit goes roughly parallel to the US coast. Passing Newfoundland after the ET has been disconnected. A couple of minutes later we're already in Europe. Crossing over England. Handling the Spartan satellite high above California. Spartan disconnected and floating off. Canada from some 500 km altitude.
The cockpit
Trying to display that much data all at once is testing new grounds for Flightgear - but the 3d cockpit is progressing well. The basic mesh is based on work by Chris Kuhn, adapted and vertex-reduced by Richard Harrison who also designed the HUD and MDU display structures and code, and animation work is done by Wayne Bragg.
The result is now quite compelling - all forward MDUs are functional and can be controlled via the keyboard units and edgekeys and are capable of displaying the available mixture of GNC (guidance, navigation and control) or SM (systems management) function and MEDS pages.
The current state of the cockpit during the day. A close-up on the central part of the panel with different DPS functions running on the MDUs. At night, the cockpit instruments are backlit and their soft glow illuminates interior surfaces.
Payload bay lighting
Atlantis operating at night with payload bay floodlights on.
The main challenge of rendering light in the payload bay is that Atmospheric Light Scattering, the rendering scheme of Flightgear giving the best visuals in space, is a forward rendering scheme. This means that lighting is naturally only determined by the relative orientation of a surface to the sun, but objects do not cast shadows. In particular, the payload bay would be illuminated by the sun even with doors closed.
The solution chosen is a number of light and darkmap textures which darken or lighten surfaces controlled by external parameters. In that way, light for all objects in the payload bay can be conditional on the doors being open - while not fully correct, the visuals are nevertheless fairly convincing. The following sequence shows the light distribution when opening the payload bay doors with the sun right in the zenith:
Doors are closed, payload bay is dark. The first door openes a crack and lets sunlight in. As the door opens further, the bay illuminates fully.
The floodlights are implemented as a series of lightmaps on top of that which each take some time to reach full intensity. The following series show the visuals over the two minutes as the lights are gradually switched on from aft to forward lamp groups:
Only aft floodlights ramping up intensity. Aft lights at almost full instensity, mid lights ramping up. All lights at full intensity.
RMS arm deployment and usage
Attaching a payload then involves handing a static model of something in the payload bay over to a model that is dynamically translated and rotated based on the position of the arm. Releasing this model into space finally corresponds to a third handover to a model animation that is tied to the Space Shuttle in position and orientation to an equation of motion solver for an independently orbiting object - which nevertheless needs to inherit the same spatial orientation and position its ancestor had.
In reality, the RMS arm can be driven in a number of different modes, making it somewhat easier to attach it to an object. Right now in FG, only the single joint mode (i.e. only one joint angle at a time is driven) is implemented.
After some initial frustration, the system works very nicely however - here is a demo of the Shuttle releasing a stripped-down satellite into orbit while crossing Africa:
The RMS arm is attached to the payload, ready to lift out. Payload is lifted while retracting the arm a little to avoid hitting the vertical stabilizer. Arm is almost fully extended. Payload is released - of course it does not move but just orbits with the Shuttle. Retracting the RMS arm again into cradle position. Atlantis is ready to depart. A short RCS burn to separate from the satellite... ... and Atlantis is ready to continue with the rest of the mission.
RCS propellant distribution system
Highly realistic RCS modeling
As a result, the actual thrusters at the different stations almost all point slightly away from the orthonormal directions, the number of thrusters is not the same at every station (in particular, the yaw jets which are crucial for stability during atmospheric entry utilize four different thrusters for redundancy) and the table of thrust components along the body axes is rather messy:
Once this is done, a low-level flight control logic layer is needed which determines which actual thrusters are fired in response to a control input. Such logic also needs to address mode mixing, i.e. the fact that e.g. firing a yaw thruster also induces a roll motion since the thrust axis is not through the center of gravity and a translational motion.
Created by Thorsten Renk 2015 - see the disclaimer, privacy statement and contact information.
The rule of law is officially dead in America.
Rep. John Conyers John James ConyersDemocrats seek cosponsors for new 'Medicare for all' bill Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message Women's March plans 'Medicare for All' day of lobbying in DC MORE (D-Mich.), a former chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, has been placed on the ballot for re-election by a federal district judge in spite of universal agreement that he didn't meet the plain-language election filing requirements.
ADVERTISEMENT
Judge Matthew Leitman ordered that Conyers be put back on the August ballot last week after the Michigan secretary of state had denied the congressman's appeal earlier in the day.
The dispute stems from the failure of Conyers — who has been in Congress for almost 50 years — to submit enough petition signatures to qualify for the ballot under Michigan law. No one disputes that Conyers did not meet the legal requirements to be on the ballot, but Leitman ruled that "There is evidence that their failure to comply with the Registration Statute was the result of good faith mistakes and that they believed they were in compliance with the statute."
Not shockingly, Leitman gained his seat on the federal bench just two months ago, as a result of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's (D-Nev.) invoking the so-called nuclear option, where President Obama's nominees can be confirmed by the Senate without the need to reach a bipartisan consensus on their worthiness. After surviving the confirmation process with only a partisan fueled 55-43 vote, Leitman has already paid off for Conyers, one of their oldest warhorses.
In Obama and Reid's brave new world of the federal judiciary, the law doesn't apply to you if you are politically connected and liberal enough. And Obama's IRS scandal proves that the law will be used against you if you aren't.
Given this new reality, Congress and all elected lawmakers at every level of government might as well go home, because it doesn't matter what they decide — Judge Leitman and jurists of his ilk will simply wave the plain language of the law away if it is inconvenient to their cronies.
If Leitman is the norm for the nuclear-confirmed class of federal judges, Lady Justice has ripped off her blindfold and can be found at the corner saloon hoisting a cold one in memoriam to the American justice system.
Manning (@rmanning957) is vice president of public policy and communications for Americans for Limited Government. Contact him at rmanning@getliberty.org.
This week, four presidents journeyed to Austin, Tex., to address the Civil Rights Summit and remark on President Lyndon B. Johnson's legacy on the 50th anniversary of the passage of the Civil Rights Act.
That landmark act brought an end to legal racial segregation in public places.
But now we are facing another, worsening kind of segregation, one not codified but cultural: We are self-sorting, not only along racial lines but also along educational and income ones, particularly in our big cities.
Our cities are increasingly becoming vast outposts of homogeneity and advantage, arcing ever upward, interspersed by deserts of despair, all of which produces in them some of the highest levels of income inequality ever seen in this country.
Some call this progress; I call it a perversion, at least of the concept of diversity — of race, culture, identity and class — that dynamic engine that built urban identities and that is now being erased out of them.
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University University of Toronto
Long before kangaroos carried joeys in pouches and honey bees nurtured their young in hives, there was the 508-million-year-old Waptia.
Little is known about the shrimp-like creature first discovered in the Canadian Burgess Shale fossil deposit a century ago, but a new study has uncovered eggs with embryos preserved within the body of the animal. Scientists say it is the oldest example of brood care in the fossil record.
“As the oldest direct evidence of a creature caring for its offspring, the discovery adds another piece to our understanding of brood care practices during the Cambrian Explosion, a period of rapid evolutionary development when most major animal groups appear in the fossil record,” says Jean-Bernard Caron, curator of invertebrate paleontology at the Royal Ontario Museum and associate professor of Earth sciences and ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of Toronto.
Waptia fieldensis is an early arthropod, belonging to a group of animals that includes lobsters and crayfish. It had a two-part structure covering the front segment of its body near the head, known as a bivalved carapace. Researchers believe the carapace played a fundamental role in how the creature practiced brood care.
“Clusters of egg-shaped objects are evident in five of the many specimens we observed, all located on the underside of the carapace and alongside the anterior third of the body,” says Caron, author of the study in Current Biology.
The clusters are grouped in a single layer on each side of the body with no or limited overlapping among the eggs. In some specimens, eggs are equidistant from each other, while in others, some are are closer together, probably reflecting variations in the angle of burial and movement during burial. The maximum number of eggs preserved per individuals probably reached 24.
“This creature is expanding our perspective on the diversification of brood care in early arthropods,” says coauthor Jean Vannier of the French National Centre for Scientific Research.
“The relatively large size of the eggs and the small number of them, contrasts with the high number of small eggs found previously in another bivalved arthropod known as Kunmingella douvillei. And though that creature predates Waptia by about seven million years, none of its eggs contained embryos.”
Kunmingella douvillei also presented a different method of carrying its young, as its eggs were found lower on the body and attached to its appendages.
The presence of these two different parental strategies suggests an independent and rapid evolution of a variety of methods of parental care of offspring. Together with previously described brooded eggs in ostracods from the Upper Ordovician period 450 million years ago, the discovery supports the theory that the presence of a bivalved carapace played a key role in the early evolution of brood care in arthropods.
Source: University of Toronto
This isn't a race and there isn't a prize in sight, but the Audax ride, set amid rolling hills, mountains and pristine country, is a cycling adventure unlike any
A resonant ‘twang” was the last thing I wanted to hear as I struggled through Snowdonia in the dark – it was an audible harbinger of mechanical doom. If I stopped now I'd lose the group of riders I was with. And that would mean pedalling the next 32 miles alone, at night, trying to decipher a cryptic route sheet through the sleep-deprived eyeballs.
Clack, clack, clack ... this wasn't good. Gear cables? Still working. Brakes? All intact. It had to be a spoke. Vrrrrrrrr ... yes that was the wheel bending out of shape and the tyre starting to grate against the brake blocks. Baaaa ... a lamb stared over a stone wall as I switched on my headlight to inspect the damage, as seven rear lights disappear out of view.
I was alone, exhausted, in the dark with all the right tools, but really not convinced I could use them in the right order.
The adventure had started in Chepstow at six the previous morning, where a few hundred riders set out to pedal though Builth Wells, Aberystwyth, Dolgellau and over Snowdonia's Pen-y-Pass to Menai Bridge. Now we just had to get home.
People like to tell you that cycling is the new golf – a magnet for middle-age chaps who like to dress like Bradley Wiggins and live out their peloton fantasies. Hundreds of cycle sportive events have sprung up to fill the gap in the market, allowing riders to test their competitive mettle.
Audax rides are very different. There's no headline sponsor or commemorative T-shirt and the entry fees are a fraction of the cost. And while a carbon fibre bike might get admiring glances at a sportive, it's a slightly eccentric three-wheeler that attracted an appreciative crowd at the start of the Bryan Chapman Memorial, 373 miles (600km) ride from south to north Wales and back.
The classic Audax bike is made of steel, hand-built, quite often with a weathered canvas Carradice bag hanging from a leather saddle. Helmets are optional, but the ability to look after yourself and your bike is not. And this is strictly not a race. Getting round the course within the time limit (40 hours in this case, starting Saturday 6AM) is the only challenge, which means there's enormous camaraderie on the road.
So it's only a matter of time before the lights of another rider appear outside Beddgelert. It's Simon Proven, an experienced rider who has unfathomably decided to tackle the mountains of north Wales on a single speed bike. His generosity matches his enormous fitness and he does enough to get me back under way.
Just seven hours earlier I'd been riding across Barmouth bridge with trike rider Dan Howard, the sun low in the sky and the mountainous Llyn Peninsular on the horizon. As we headed through Harlech and into Snowdonia I kept finding myself in the company of new riders, some of them tight huddles moving at speed and others riding by themselves, keen for a bit of company.
Just like their bikes, riders come in all shapes and sizes from svelte racer to prop forward. And while the Mamil (middle age man in Lycra) might be a stalwart of the cycle sportive, it's gnarly folk in their later years who really impress here.
As I finally finish the gruelling ascent Pen-y-Pass and haul on the brakes levers for the drop into Llanberis, I watch one guy in his late 60s (wearing a knitted cycling top) flash past me at speeds in excess of 38mph . Possibly for the first time in my life, I know what I want to be when I grow up.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A trike rider on a quiet road. Photograph: Matt Swaine
The 249-mile mark is Dolgellau YHA and the chance to eat and sleep. It's 4AM, I've been cycling for 22 hours and I'm too nauseous to stomach the pasta, soup and cake on offer. I need to sleep. A lack of bunks means there's a two-hour sleep limit, but I haven't the heart or the reasoning power to haul someone out of their bed. So I put on everything I own, curl up on the floor and I'm asleep almost instantly.
Three hours later, I'm miraculously back on my bike and grinding up the side of a mountain in the rain, compiling a list of reasonable excuses for taking the train back home. My Achilles hurts, but so does every other bit of my body in contact with the bike. I decide the only plausible exit is full mechanical failure, so I get out of the saddle for the rest of the climb half wishing another spoke would pop under the pressure.
But somehow I make it to a checkpoint in the middle of nowhere, where I tuck into bacon sandwiches and coffee and meet yet another group of incredibly friendly riders. The sun comes out and the countryside of mid-Wales continues to amaze. And before we know it we are just 50 miles from the finishing line.
And then it's just 32 miles left, 23 miles, 11 miles ... until, after the most delicious snooze by the banks of the River Wye, I can see the Severn Bridge and I know I'm as good as home.
For most of the riders at the finishing line, this ride means qualification for the classic Paris-Brest-Paris, a 746 miles ride through northern France that takes place every four years. To earn yourself a place in that race you have to have completed a 124, 186, 249 and 373 miles (200, 300, 400 and 600km) Audax in the same year.
At this stage I've no idea how I'd get back on my bike for another 373 miles, but my first year of Audaxing has already taught me so much. So I'll be aiming for Paris in 2019 with a little more mechanical nous, tougher legs and having seen a lot more of the British countryside from the saddle.
One of the globe's largest luxury fashion companies, Louis Vuitton puts its logo on everything it does. For good reason. On a purely graphic level, the overlaid letters -- angular, elegant, easy to read -- suggest a tradition of Old World craftsmanship. The logo, created in 1896 by Georges Vuitton, son of Louis, was designed to pay homage to the company's founder and simultaneously prevent copies of its trunks and cases, already the choice of the international smart set. A brilliant marketing ploy, monogrammed canvas worked less well as a patent protection device: The distinctive pattern actually made it easier for counterfeiters to produce fakes that looked like the real thing, at least from a distance. Today Vuitton bags are among fashion's most knocked-off accessories. Louis Vuitton burns all their left over Louis Vuitton handbags and accessories. So you will not find new authentic Louis Vuitton products at discount online or anywhere. They only place to find discount Louis Vuitton is at an Consignment/Resale store. If you're lucky you will come across a slightly used Louis Vuitton at a great bargain. But any online store selling brand new is not an authorized dealer except eLUXURY . Be aware of shopping online for authentic Louis Vuitton merchandise! Louis Vuitton Handbags exclusively at eLuxury.com
The name of Louis Vuitton has been synonymous with the manufacture of high quality luggage, travel and leather items since 1854. Louis Vuitton is a subsidiary of LVMH, the first global group to specialize in prestigious luxury products. Since 1998, Louis Vuitton has diversified into ready-to-wear fashion and shoes with resounding success. From the humble origins as a trunkmaker, Louis Vuitton has always been a trendsetter, progressively developing a range of luxury products consistent with the brand's values. In 1998 when Marc Jacobs joined the firm as Artistic Director, this creativity entered an exciting new realm. In 1987 Louis Vuitton handbags became a subsidiary of LVMH, the world's leading luxury goods group. Louis Vitton has taken full advantage of the many synergistic relationships generated within the group, all the while retaining their identity and remaining faithful to their distinctive difference. Visit eLuxury.com today - it's the only place online you'll find authentic Louis Vuitton Purses & Handbags, including the cherry, speedy, & theda. buy authentic Louis Vuitton Handbags Official site: www.vuitton.com
Suggested Search Words for:
Louis Vuitton Handbags louis vuitton handbag louis vuitton bags louis vuitton purse fake louis vuitton replica murakami epi vitton real lv bags new nwt louis vuitton cherry blossom speedy
Louis Vuitton (August 4, 1821-February 27, 1892) was a luggage-maker and luggage-designer in Paris in the mid-late 1800's. More than a century later, Vuitton's handbags and luggage are now a status symbol around the world and are often looked to in the world of fashion. The Louis Vuitton "LV" Monogram design can be considered the very first "designer label" on a product (first in the contemporary sense), as it was created in 1896 with the intent of preventing counterfeiting.
Vuitton was born in Cons-le-Sannier, France. He moved from his hometown of Anchay, Jura, France in 1835 at the age of fourteen. Two years later, he arrived in Paris and started working as an apprentice for trunk-maker and packing-case-maker Monsieur Marechal. The Louis Vuitton Company Early Days (1854-1892)
When Vuitton opened his first store in Paris in 1854, he began by selling flat-topped trunks that were lightweight and airtight, and were bought by France's Empress Eugénie in its first year of sale. His first piece was the grey Trianon canvas flat trunk. Vuitton was the first trunk-maker to create a flat-topped trunk or an airtight trunk. (All trunks before this had rounded tops for water to run off, and thus could not be stacked.) Surprisingly, the Monogram Canvas design was not created until after Louis Vuitton's death; it was created by his son, Georges.
1854 - Vuitton opened his first store in Paris on Rue Nueve des Capucines, founding Louis Vuitton Malletier ("Louis Vuitton Trunk-Maker").
1860 - Vuitton opened a larger factory in Asnières-sur-Seine to accommodate increased demand.
1867 - Vuitton entered the Universal Exhibition at the World's Fair in Paris, winning the bronze medal.
1872 - Creation of the red and beige striped canvas
1876 - Creation of the wardrobe trunk, which contained a rail and small drawers for storing clothing.
1880 - Georges gets married and (on the same day) is given control of the business.
1883 - Georges' son Gaston-Louis is born.
1885 - The first Louis Vuitton store in London opens.
1888 - The Damier Canvas pattern is created by Louis Vuitton in collaboration with Georges, and bears a logo that reads "marquee L. Vuitton déposée" (which literally means "mark L. Vuitton deposited" or roughly "L. Vuitton trademark").
1889 - Vuitton wins the gold medal at the World's Fair in Paris.
1892 - Vuitton dies; the Vuitton company begins selling handbags.
[edit]
Golden Age of Louis Vuitton (1893-1936)
After Vuitton's death, Georges made Louis Vuitton a worldwide corporation.
1893 - Georges displays Vuitton products at the World's Fair in Chicago.
1894 - Georges publishes his book "Le Voyage".
1896 - Georges designs the 'Monogram Canvas' (shown to the right). It came to be called 'Monogram Canvas;' its graphic symbols were based on the trend for Japanese/Oriental designs in the late Victorian Period. This can be considered the first "designer logo", since Georges was driven to create this pattern to prevent further copying of Vuitton patterns (counterfeiting had already begun by this point). Georges then sailed to the United States, in which he toured various cities such as New York, Philadelphia, and Chicago. He sold Vuitton products during the visit.
1899 - Georges exhibited Vuitton products at the maiden Paris Auto Show.
1900 - Georges Vuitton was given the honor to set up the "Travel Items and Leather Goods" section of the 1900 Paris World Fair. 1901 - the Louis Vuitton Company introduced the 'Steamer Bag', a small handbag to be kept inside Vuitton luggage trunks. 1904 - Georges chaired the jury for the St. Louis World Fair. In the same year, the Louis Vuitton company introduced a new line of trunks that have special compartments for items such as perfumes, clothing, and other goods.
1906 - Georges' son Gaston-Louis married Renee Versille and Louis Vuitton introduces trunks for automobiles.
1914 - The Louis Vuitton Building opens in Champs-Elysees. The building was the largest travel-goods store in the world at that time. Store locations open in New York, Bombay, Washington, London, Alexandria and Buenos Aires as World War I begins.
1924 - Only eight years after the end of World War I, the 'Keepall' is invented. This bag foreran the duffel bag in a travel bag for light travel to keep necessities in.
1929 - The seventy-fifth anniversary of Louis Vuitton, a toiletry case is introduced specifically for opera singer Marthe Chenal. It could fit bottles, brushes, mirrors, powder boxes and more toiletries.
1931 - Louis Vuitton introduced exotic bags such as a handbag of crocodile skin, as well as elephant hide handbags for the Colonial Exhibition.
1932 - Louis Vuitton introduced the Nóe bag. This bag was made for champagne vinter to transport bottles.
1933 - The Louis Vuitton Speedy bag was introduced.
1936 - The golden age of Louis Vuitton ends as Georges Vuitton passes away. Estimates attribute Georges Vuitton with over 700 new Vuitton designs. Gaston-Louis Vuitton assumes control of the company. The secretary trunk is introduced for Leopold Stokowski, a conductor.
Corporate Age of Louis Vuitton (1937 - Present Day)
Louis Vuitton store in Omotesando, TokyoA recent book by Stephanie Bonvincini, Louis Vuitton, A French Saga, has made allegations about Louis Vuitton's links with the Vichy regime and the subsequent Nazi occupation of France in the second world war.
1946 - Louis Vuitton decides to go toward other industries instead of laying off workers in the post-war situation.
1951 - Louis Vuitton supplies all the travel items for President Auriol of France's tour of America after World War II.
1959 - New innovations in the treatment of canvas allow more bags to be made, and Louis Vuitton releases a set of Monogram canvas bags.
1959 to 1965 - 25 new models of travel items were introduced each year; a total of 175 new travel items introduced.
1968 - A Louis Vuitton sales office opens in Tokyo, Japan.
1969 - Gaston-Louis Vuitton dies.
1977 - The Louis Vuitton SA holding company was created.
1978 - Louis Vuitton stores open in Tokyo and Osaka, Japan.
1983 - Louis Vuitton teams up with the America's Cup sailing race to form the Louis Vuitton Cup for Sailing. The Louis Vuitton Cup is an elimination round in which the winner sails against the America's Cup winner from the previous year for the America's Cup.
1984 - The first store in South Korea opens in Seoul.
1985 - The Epi Leather line is introduced.
1987 - Louis Vuitton and Moet-Hennessey merge to form LVMH Moet Hennessey Louis Vuitton. The group continues to own the Louis Vuitton company and brand.
1988 - The Louis Vuitton Classic Annual Automobile Race is launched in Paris, France.
1992 - A Louis Vuitton store opens in Beijing, China.
1993 - LVMH launches the Taiga line, a luggage and briefcase black leather line for men.
1996 - The centennial of the Monogram Canvas occurs and LVMH spotlights various designers.
1997 - LVMH launches a line of pens.
1998 - LVMH adds Marc Jacobs, who designs the Monogram Vernis line, and LVMH launches a line of travel guides to major cities around the world.
2001 - LVMH creates the Graffiti line and a Louis Vuitton charm bracelet is released.
2002 - LVMH releases a Louis Vuitton line of watches.
2003 - Takashi Murakami & Marc Jacobs launch the Cherry Blossom Limited Edition, Multicolore and Eye Love lines.
2004 - Louis Vuitton opens stores in New Delhi, India and Macau.
2005 - Artist Vanessa Beecroft creates performance for new store in Paris.
2006 - Opens stores in Ft. Wayne, Indiana.
In the world of American football, there is a stigma that players need to increase their overall body size to make an impact on the field. But, new research from a Grand Valley State University movement science professor and one of his students suggests that being bigger doesn't mean being better -- or healthier.
Jeffrey Potteiger, professor of exercise science, and Maggie McGowan-Stinski, senior athletic training major, set out to determine how body size has changed in college and professional football players over the past 70 years.
"We started to take a look at providing the information that sports medicine personnel need to be aware of in order to effectively protect the health of the players under their care," Potteiger said. "In football, the most at-risk athletes are the offensive and defensive linemen."
The research duo determined that players have gained an average of between a quarter of a pound to one-and-a-quarter pound per year since 1942. This equates to an average 60-pound increase in body mass for offensive and defensive linemen.
Potteiger said the most common diseases resulting from excess body mass and body fat, especially around the abdominal area, include high blood pressure, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome. He added that hitting the gym and eating more aren't the only ways athletes are attempting to gain body mass.
"The use of growth promoting agents, such as anabolic steroids, growth hormones and insulin carry side effects that range from mild to severe," Potteiger said. "The severity of the side effects is dependent on the dosage level of the growth promoting agents and the length of time the agents are consumed."
To help athletes increase their body size in a healthier manner, Potteiger recommends the following:
Strive for lean body mass increases of less than one pound per week;
Maintain good nutritional intake by eating one to one-and-a-half grams of protein for every two pounds of body mass;
Eat adequate carbohydrates while avoiding excessive calories;
Perform a resistance training program three-to-five days per week; and
Leave plenty of room for rest and recovery.
The full study, "Protecting the Metabolic Health of Football Players With High Fat Mass," can be found in Strength and Conditioning Journal.
Photo: Ryan Stang
Bradford Cox dreamed up this hand-drawn concept map in advance of Deerhunter's Fading Frontier's October 16 release, but it wouldn't be fair to call it a sonic analogue to his band's strong seventh album. “When I made a concept map, I felt like I wanted to acknowledge the specific things that were influencing me at the time, but it can easily be mistaken as saying these are the things that influenced this collection of songs, which is completely not true,” says the prolific Atlanta musician behind the bands Deerhunter and Atlas Sound. Rather, this web of interlocking themes reflects the omnivorous quality of Cox's creative mind, and how inspiration can come from anywhere, even when you're “off the grid” and “out of range,” as he croons on the album's darkly romantic second song, “I'm Living My Life.”
These influences' wide-ranging quality make sense given Deerhunter's commitment to evolution over the last ten-plus years, during which time Cox and his cohorts have explored various makes and models of rock and roll. It's one of the things listeners enjoy most about Deerhunter — their ability to out-weird themselves in new ways. While 2013's Monomania sounded at times like it was recorded in a musty suburban garage (an essential place of worship for rock's disenfranchised youth), Fading Frontier — with its echoing whizzes and whirs — gives the sense that it could have been recorded on a space station. Here, we peel back the layers of Cox's brain, having him elaborate on five concepts from the interactive map below, which is exclusive to Vulture.
:
Laurie Spiegel, Pioneering Electronic Musician and Composer
“I just find her to be so engaging, so unpretentious. Of course the main reasons she's on here is her music, which I've been listening to for quite some time. I first heard a CD that I got used at a thrift store. The concept was her making music on old instruments. I didn't get exposed to her most-recognized work at first; it wasn't The Expanding Universe. She was making music for antiquated electronic instruments, like the Buchla synthesizer. She was making it in the '90s, when computer music was becoming of relevance, so she went and made a record of antiquated electronic instruments. This was, of course, before the ebb and flow of nostalgia. Now you can't help but listen to those records and think, If I just had that Odyssey synthesizer, I could be Brian Eno! I bought one, and it's on the new record. I put the Odyssey synthesizer on the concept map, too, even though I kind of resent it. I resent nostalgia. Why didn't I use a synthesizer that just came out, you know? Why not use something of my own time? Why do I need this exhausted aesthetic? Because it reminds me of things that have already come and gone. It's very precious. It's just silliness, just materialism. There are ten ways to get the same sine-wave sound, but how you choose to get those sounds has a lot to do with aesthetics and posturing.”
Japanese Ceramics Broken and Repaired With Gold, the Tradition Known as Kintsukuroi
“I don't actually own anything like this — I'm only interested in the concept. This is a tradition that goes back centuries in Japan. I'm not fetishizing the object, I'm fetishizing the very idea that damage could be considered an asset. I'm not actually interested in going on eBay and spending $3,000 on a broken vessel mended in gold enamel. In that way, all art is object fetishism. When I talk about object fetishism, I'm talking about this need to own a vinyl collection in order to prove your taste in music. I've got right to 10,000 records in my possession. Seventy-five percent of those records are probably garbage, like a collection of Argentinian protest songs that is scratched down the middle because I bought it at Goodwill. I only bought it because I was interested in hearing the music on it. If it was on the CD, I would have bought the CD. It just happened to be on a record. The low-budget, dollar-rack records you can get at Goodwill for 75 cents — the records people are giving away — those are the records I'm interested in.”
The Quilts of Gee's Bend
“My friend Bill Arnett is the owner of most of these quilts. He's the founder of the Souls Grown Deep Foundation. He's a rather controversial figure, a really misunderstood person, and I can assure you from personal experience, any attack on him, I take very personally. All he believes in is art. Period. And I don't think that there's much to criticize in that. There are so many people who criticize. To exploit anyone, to me, is nauseating. But I've never met a man who's so quick to correct you if you say the words folk art, or even worse, outsider art. He doesn't believe in that. He believes in art. He believes these people should be treated with the respect of Claude Monet. Self-taught is now becoming a popular word, but honestly, it's all just art. When I look at Lonnie [Holley's] art, when I look at the art he makes out of something out of my backyard, I just nod my head and realize that here's a guy with vision, which is not something you can transfer or teach. You can teach people how to see art, or you can try to. You can teach people the technical aspects of art, but you cannot teach people vision. That comes from experience.”
Pharoah Sanders, the Avant-Garde Jazz Musician
“I listed him there because Moses [Archuleta, drummer/keyboardist of Deerhunter] and I, before we started recording this album, had a very nice night, which is very rare — it's hard to get together when you're older. Pharoah Sanders headlined the Atlanta Jazz Festival this year at Piedmont Park, which is right around the corner from my house. We went, it was free, we walked right up to the very front of the stage, and we were surrounded by an audience that was 99 percent African-American, which — obviously, I'm white, so it's sort of pathetic to hear me say this — but I found that to be really awesome, to see Pharoah Sanders appreciated by a predominantly black audience, because if you want to know what I expected, I expected it to be a bunch of white, music record-collector geeks. He's been playing shows at [hip Williamsburg venue] Baby's All Right, you know? I'm not talking about a young black audience of hyperleftist intellectual types. I'm taking about a common audience, a huge audience of black families. Thousands of people. It's not what I expected. Pharoah Sanders plays esoteric music. You can take the racial part out of the question. It's about middle-of-the-road, average, everyday families, sitting there listening to an avant-garde musician and not leaving — and enjoying it. Little kids were running around. Not record-collector, white object-fetishists. It felt like a very nonexploitative situation to witness.”
The Decline of the Music Industry
“The music industry is a giant shrieking ghost. It means nothing. It never meant much. It's just an appalling apparition. It has no vitality. How can you expect much from someone who thinks only of profit? They're simple creatures. I might sound so arrogant. I'm not a socialist in any dogmatic way. I don't believe that I have the answer. I think [indie-film pioneer] John Cassavetes had the best answer for the creation and distribution of art: Pay for it yourself, do it yourself.”
Vinny Magalhaes has come a long way since a rough 0-2 stretch in the UFC.
The finalist for season eight of The Ultimate Fighter has gone 6-1 in the last two years since his release from the world's largest MMA promotion and has found a home teaching Brazilian jiu-jitsu at Xtreme Couture in Las Vegas.
In 2011 alone, he's gone 3-0 with three finishes and then to top it all off, he took first place in the 99 kilogram division of the Abu Dhabi Combat Club submission grappling world championships, the most prestigious jiu-jitsu tournament in the world which is held every two years.
Just three weeks after winning the grappling title, Magalhaes is set to defend his M-1 light heavyweight title against scrappy Russian Combat Sambo practitioner Mikhail Zayats tomorrow night (October 15, 2011) at M-1 Challenge 27 in Phoenix, Arizona
Despite still in the process of cutting weight, Magalhaes spoke with MMAmania.com today about his ADCC experience, his upcoming fight against Zayats and he addressed rumors of him being asked to help train Fedor Emelianenko for his Jeff Monson fight.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): Thanks for speaking to me on the day of your weight cut, that was very generous of you considering I know you had about 20 pounds to lose as of this past Monday.
Vinny Magalhaes: Yeah, I've still got about four pounds to go. It's not so bad. I'm just a bit thirsty, that's it.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): You didn't train specifically for the ADCC this year, but you didn't do it for the last one either. Did that almost affect your confidence coming into this tournament. Were you just more relaxed, not having any pressure?
Vinny Magalhaes: I would train maybe the opposite way and not training specifically. It really took the pressure away from me. I'm sure the guys who only do jiu-jitsu, it's all the pressure on them, especially the guys who have placed highly before. It's like, "I won before, and I'm expected to win, this is all I do." That's not me. It's like, I go there and think, "Maybe I'll get a medal, make a little extra money," but it's not any pressure on myself that I have to win. I don't feel like that any more with grappling tournaments. It definitely took the pressure away from me because I'm working on a different sport.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): Has your focus on training mainly MMA. Did that help at all for you in the ADCC? Are there any little things about the grappling for MMA that maybe gave you a boost for the tournament?
Vinny Magalhaes: Well when I train MMA, I still work my jiu-jitsu and while it's a little bit different in styles of grappling, it's still grappling. The cardio for MMA is a bit more intense so I felt like I was in better shape than some of the guys competing there mainly because that was from my focus on MMA. I think that's what helped me the most for Abu Dhabi.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): I saw that you went out and worked with Eddie Bravo for a bit before the tournament and then you went and used some rubber guard in the tournament finals. Did that feel good to use something that you worked on and implement it?
Vinny Magalhaes: Actually I just went to work with Eddie for just a day. I was supposed to work with him for two days but I just went for a day. The move I've been using now, I've been doing since 2008 so when I went to train with Eddie, it was just to make little adjustments, it's a move I've been using for three years now so it's not like it's something completely new or something I haven't tried in fights before either.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): Do you train often in a gi? I know you have your classes in Brazilian jiu-jitsu at Xtreme Couture. Are those all gi classes or no-gi?
Vinny Magalhaes: My classes are all gi but I don't really train in my classes. It's a little like higher level, maybe brown belt or black belt that I roll with but it's nothing like I'm training every day with gi. Actually this last couple years I haven't really been training with the gi so most of my training is just focused on no-gi and MMA.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): I've noticed your stand-up has improved as well and I think it's from the work you've put in with Mark Beecher. He has a way of getting your striking to coordinate with your grappling better than other trainers. Can you talk about how working with him, it more combines the striking and grappling better than just working with a striking coach?
Vinny Magalhaes: That's the reason why, it's not like there was no choice. That's exactly the reason why because of the way Mark works with MMA fighters. Just from working with the guy, he really loves his job and he understands grappling too so he understands the whole MMA game and that's why I decided to work with him. My striking is definitely getting better. It's not the level that I'd want it to be yet but it gives me enough confidence to trade a couple punches before trying to get them in the clinch and get a takedown or get it to the ground somehow. I've just gotta keep working on it. Mark the guy who's been helping me out with it and I feel it's a very good change from before.
I was working with just striking coaches and I worked with Shawn Tompkins. Shawn Tompkins was my first trainer in MMA and unfortunately, we were just not doing well together because he wanted me to be a striker and especially because I was coming from a jiu-jitsu background and just trying to turn me into a striker was not working. That's why I decided to make the change and start working with Mark.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): Do you feel that coming into this fight with Mikhail Zayats, he's a well-rounded Sambo guy but all his fights seem to go to the ground. I think you've mentioned that a couple times. Do you feel that you could potentially have a striking advantage against hiim?
Vinny Magalhaes: You know, I don't feel like either one of us has a striking advantage over each other. To be honest with you, he got his first TKO win like his last fight and that was also a TKO on the ground. His last fight only spent like 30 seconds standing. He just took the guy down right away then he got the TKO on the ground. Neither one of are known for being a striker. Neither one of us ever have a history of knockouts and knockdowns on our record so I think this fight will eventually go to the ground and then he could attack me. I think I could get a TKO in my favor, a submission in my favor or a decision in my favor. Somehow it will end up in my favor. I don't think either one of us are going to turn this into a striking game. It's just not something I'd expect.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): I noticed that you were really impressed with Chael Sonnen not only with his offensive grappling against Brian Stann but also when he got up and started talking and had that awesome post-fight speech. Is that something that you admire, that he's able to combine all the facets of not only MMA but also add in the entertainment factor?
Vinny Magalhaes: Well think about it. People want to watch WWE, they know it's fake but they like the whole like shit-talking. They like people getting mad at each other and I think Chael did a pretty good job. I think he went too far when he said he'd slap Anderson Silva's wife in the ass and I think it was crossing the line with that one but again, he's just being an entertainer. It's not like he really means it but whatever works for him, works for him.
I don't think I could do that myself, I think it's fun, I thought it was great some of the things he said in the last fight. I laughed pretty hard. It's not like I admire him but I think he's funny. I'll be honest with you, he does a great job of trash talking to get more attention. I think that should become a bigger part of our sport. You have to, you can be a great fighter but sometimes being a great fighter isn't enough if you don't have a personality. I think that's what Chael's doing. He's a great fighter but he's also doing things that most guys aren't doing.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): It seems like, reading your interviews, listening to your interviews, that you seem much more focused on just winning right now and just getting a nice streak. That's more important to you than defending your title. You'd rather just get a lot of fights and keep winning. Is it really important to you to kind of get that rough start to your career behind you and get that record turned around. Is that more important to you right now?
Vinny Magalhaes: It is man. I'll be honest with you, the belt was not part of my plans. When I first signed with M-1, it was all about the six fights they promised me and to go and get six wins. The belt came out sooner than I thought and I don't to sound rude to the promotion but it doesn't really mean anything to me. It doesn't mean more than the wins. I want to get wins on my record so having the belt, not so much. They could put me on the undercard fights and as long as I'm getting my wins and improving my record, that's what I care about most.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): Do you almost feel like you had a bit too much, too fast in your career? Do you wish it had started a little slower so your record would indicate your skill level better?
Vinny Magalhaes: Some people blame the fact that I jumped to the UFC too soon but I don't think that was the reason I lost. I came from jiu-jitsu but always I should have focused on other areas of the game and I wasn't. I think that was my mistake. People can blame me for coming into the UFC too soon but look at Jon Jones. Jon Jones hadn't been training for long either and he jumped into the UFC and he's already the champion after just a few years. I'm sure he didn't go into the UFC just knowing wrestling. He went in knowing like everything, wanting to be great at everything and he got better, working on getting better in other areas and that's something I wasn't doing at first.
I was just taking fights because I thought people would just take me down and I thought I would have the advantage on the ground and would only submit people and it would work out that way. Most of the time, they wouldn't take the fight to the ground, they'd just jab and try to keep the fight standing or like Ryan Bader. He's a wrestler but all he wanted to do was stand and throw big punches, it was like a lottery game. He knew that if we went to the ground I would have probably submitted him. The big mistake I made was transitioning to the MMA game without working on the other areas. I didn't give myself a chance to become a good fighter. Other than that, I didn't have the right gameplan or the right mindset.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): There's a report that came out today and I've read rumors about this in the past as well that there's the possibility of you helping train Fedor for his fight with Jeff Monson. Is that something that you're planning on doing after your title defense? Are there plans in the works?
Vinny Magalhaes: I've been asked this question a couple times today, nothing actually came up to me yet, I've just heard rumors like the head of M-1 he talked about bringing me to Holland to train with Fedor. That happened before too. My manager tried to negotiate with them and at first they agreed to come, blah, blah, blah but then when it was time for me to go, they said, "A lot of guys will train with Fedor for free just because he's such a legend," but I was like, "I can't go three weeks, not working. I have to pay bills. My son was 2-3 months old at the time. I couldn't train there for free," so I ended up not going.
So this time, it's gonna be the same way. If they're not gonna pay for me to be there, then I'm not going. It's not like I'm all about money, but if I'm not going to be working at Xtreme Couture, I'm not going to be holding my classes, I'm going to be leaving my family and my wife doesn't work so I want to support my family. I have to be compensated. You know, hopefully we can negotiate how that's gonna work. If they decide not to pay me, then I won't go.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): Yeah, that makes a ton of sense. Who would want to put everything on hold to go offer your services for free when you have those responsibilities?
Vinny Magalhaes: Yeah, that's the thing. They say to train with him would help me and everybody out. It's not like I don't have a good training camp in Vegas. It's not like I'm doing something with Fedor because I need to. It's not for me, it's to help somebody out. Of course, I feel like he's a legend and a lot of people basically train with him but like, I'm gonna be just coming out of a fight so it's not like I'm going to need to be training. It's not for me, it's for him. I'll definitely need to be paid or I'm not going.
Brian Hemminger (MMAmania.com): One of my last questions, you've probably been thinking about this fight for a while now. Hell, you were training for this fight instead of the ADCC's this year so how would you like this fight to play out tomorrow night?
Vinny Magalhaes: There's no secret, at least for now. Of course, once I feel that I'm training to be a good striker, not just decent, but once I am I could keep the fight standing for a couple minutes and see how it goes. But for now, there's no seeing how it goes. My goal is to take this fight to the ground as fast as I can and try to finish there either with a TKO or submission. I just want to get the fight there, hopefully end it in the first round.
Vinny would like to thank his sponsors Chipotle, Equalibryum, Xyience, OTM, X-Guard, Fasttrak Insurance, Hyena Muay Thai, Ethika and Hostility. Also, fans can check him out on Twitter @VinnyMMA for daily updates on his training.
So what do you think Maniacs?
Can Magalhaes continue his momentum from earning ADCC gold and put a beating on Mikhail Zayats tomorrow night? Does he have what it takes to make a successful return to the UFC?
Sounds off!
Ben Thapa contributed to this interview.
PetSmart to Fill Vacant Storefront Left by Blockbuster View Full Caption
PORTAGE PARK — PetSmart plans to take over the storefront left vacant by Blockbuster's departure from the Six Corners Shopping District 14 months ago, Ald. John Arena (45th) announced.
PetSmart will not open at 4640 W. Irving Park Road until September because it also plans to take over the space next door now used by LifeSource as a community donor center, said Owen Brugh, Arena's chief of staff. LifeSource's lease ends in August, he added.
Once it opens, PetSmart will share the shopping center with Sears, Jewel, Famous Footwear and Marshalls. LifeSource will move to the shopping center near Milwaukee and Central avenues, Arena said.
“With so many pet owners in our community, this will be a great addition to our neighborhood,” Arena said.
A spokesman for PetSmart said more information about the Six Corners store would be available closer to its opening, which was not revealed on its website.
Blockbuster closed its store at Six Corners in February 2013, and the storefront has been empty since. The once-ubiquitous video rental chain fell victim to video on-demand services such as Netflix as well as rental services like Redbox.
Once the premier shopping district in Chicago outside the Loop, the area near Irving Park Road and Milwaukee and Cicero avenues was home to dozens of stores offering shoppers their hearts' desire and a chance to see a movie at the Portage Theater, built in the 1920s.
But Six Corners fell into decline with the rise of malls in and around Chicago, and has struggled for decades to regain a measure of its former glory.
PetSmart's decision to open a store at Six Corners is more evidence that the shopping district is finally showing signs of a lasting renaissance, Arena said.
“This development will help continue to lay the foundation for strong sustainable development” at Six Corners, Arena said.
At least eight businesses are scheduled to open in the Six Corners Shopping District this spring, including Chipotle, across the street from the shopping center.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
It's a not-so-hidden secret that there are hundreds of surprising stories lurking beneath every board on Broadway. Luckily, there's at least one guy out there who's willing to spill.
Seth Rudetsky—Sirius XM host, comedian, playwright, music director, and more—is known inside the theater community for sharing the secrets of the stage and deconstructing every high C ever belted. In his book Seth's Broadway Diary, Rudetsky chronicles just about every scandalous secret he's seen, so EW decided to tap into Rudetsky's well of knowledge and pose this question: What are the 10 biggest Broadway disasters he's been around for?
Not defying gravity
“Shoshana Bean was starring in Wicked on Broadway and got to the big number at the end of act one, ‘Defying Gravity.' As most people know, Elphaba rises up during the whole last section and ‘flies.' In actuality, she's on a cherry picker that lifts her while an enormous dress blows around her. The cast then runs onstage and points upward while she belts out the ending. Well, one night she got to the part where she rises and sings ‘It's me-e-e-e-e‘ and… she didn't rise. The cherry picker didn't work, but she had to finish the song. So, she just walked off the cherry picker and kept singing the end of the song. But what about the ensemble? They're supposed to run out and point up at her, flying above them. They decided the only way they could point up at her is if they ran out…and laid on the floor. So, the entire end of the number was Shoshana belting how she was ‘defying gravity' while standing 5'2” off the ground and the whole ensemble singing ‘Look at her! She's wicked!' while laying on the floor. And that's live theater!”
Snug as a bug in a pit
“I was playing the piano for Seussical on Broadway. Around halfway through act one, I noticed the other pit musicians looking above my head. Why? Because there was, directly above me, an enormous water bug. He was perched on the ceiling straight above my right arm. I am completely terrified of water bugs. He was clinging to the ceiling above me and I was terrified he would fall right onto me. Suddenly, it became even scarier because a dance number had begun onstage. Why was that so scary? Because the ceiling of the pit is also the floor of the stage! So, the entire cast was jumping around doing Kathleen Marshall choreography which was shaking the stage, hence the ceiling of the pit, hence at any moment the water bug could lose its grip and drop on my bare arm!! Of course, I had to play, so I couldn't run screaming out of the pit, which is what I wanted to do. I had to sit there playing the jaunty song in a full panic/emotional shut down. The good news is he somehow crawled away. The bad news is I have post-traumatic stress disorder.”
What I did for pee
“Priscilla Lopez, the brilliant actress who was the original Morales in A Chorus Line, was in the chorus of the 1960s show, Her First Roman. In order to wear a wig, chorus girls have to pin wig caps to their hair, and because Priscilla's hair was short, it was hard to attach the caps. She found out that if she stuffed some clothes underneath the wig cap, it would help fluff it out and make it easier for the pins to be attached. She stuffed anything she could find into her wig cap: underclothes, socks, whatever…it all worked. While she was with the other chorus girls in the dressing room, applying leg paint to themselves so they'd look Egyptian, she told them of her new discovery. Priscilla happened to look up at the dancer in front of her during the procession and noticed a white bra hanging from underneath the wig and swinging freely. Priscilla wanted to laugh but of course couldn't because it was supposed to be a sad scene. She tried to suppress it, but all that did was cause incredible pressure, which finally resulted in her … peeing onstage! She couldn't stop and was mortified that it was also causing her leg makeup to run in rivulets to the stage. Soon she was even more horrified because the stage was raked, meaning it sloped forward. Well, what comes down must go further down, apparently, because soon the pee was running downstage and overflowing off the stage and into the pit! I'm obsessed thinking about those poor musicians sitting in the pit wondering what was dripping on them. Hopefully, they felt some comfort in knowing it was from a future Tony Award winner.”
Patti Lupone is a star
“Les Miserables was first done by the Royal Shakespeare Company and their policy was that every lead be in the chorus when they're not playing their role (except Valjean and Javert who are constantly coming onstage). Hence, Madame Thenardier is in ‘At The End of the Day' and Eponine and Cosette are prostitutes in the background during “Lovely Ladies.” But, for some reason, even though Fantine dies fairly early on and, therefore, has plenty of availability to join the chorus, she doesn't do any chorus work in act one. But then, for some reason, joins the chorus in act two. It's all because of one Tony-winning actress who wasn't good at hide and seek. Patti LuPone was in London doing a play when she got cast as Fantine in Les Miserables. When rehearsals began and Patti heard they wanted her to do chorus, she thought, N to the O. But Fantine's part ends early in act one… there was a lot of ensemble work for her to do after she croaks. What to do? Well, every time the director told Patti to join the chorus, she would point to her throat and tell them that she had to go home and rest because she was doing another play at night. It worked! She got out of doing everything from ‘Master of the House'” to ‘One Day More.' Then the other play she was doing closed. Now it was simply a matter of hiding. Patti showed up for act two Les Miz rehearsal and planned on hiding out in the back till the ensemble staging was over. But, unfortunately, before she could duck behind the back row of chairs, she was spotted by an eagle-eyed dance captain and told to join the ensemble. This time, she had no excuse. Patti was so irritated she decided to be contrary and insist that her act two character be a boy. That's why every Fantine in Les Miz sings ‘I Dreamed A Dream,' never enters again during act one, and then comes back in act two–bizarrely dressed in male drag. All because Patti didn't duck fast enough!”
The chocolate soldier
“Andrea McArdle (original Annie!) was playing Fantine in Les Miz on Broadway and actually loved playing a boy for act two because her costume had deep pockets and she could stand offstage and munch on quarter-pound bags of M&M's. One night, she was very excited because she had friends in the audience and decided to show off and do a really dramatic death. The big fight scene came, she got on the barricade and when she got shot, she hooked her foot to the top of the whole thing and flung her body completely backwards…forgetting she had a quarter-pound bag of M&M's in her pocket. Suddenly, the stage was awash with a rainbow of colors as all the M&M's skittered down the barricade. They all wound up falling into the pit and I guess the musicians appreciated those candies more than Priscilla Lopez' pee.”
Kiss of the Spider Panic Attack
“I had to play keyboard in the orchestra for Kiss of the Spider Woman. My keyboard had a regular pedal and a volume pedal, which controlled how loud the sound was. Well, I was just an understudy and the first time I played I wasn't really prepared. I began to have an anxiety attack because I knew director Hal Prince was in the house and Chita Rivera was on the stage. Suddenly, the conductor told me there was something wrong with my keyboard. Every note I played had a crazy vibrato. It was wider than Ethel Merman's. The sound people came in and tried to fix it but nobody knew what was wrong. Finally, I realized that I was so effing nervous, I was causing the keyboard to emit non-stop vibrato. How? Because my leg was shaking on the volume pedal. I lifted it off and it stopped. Post script: I never told the sound people what happened.”
Evita is down but not out
“Nancy Opel was Patti LuPone's understudy in the original Evita. After a year of waiting, she finally got to go on! No one had warned Nancy that there was a big bundle of wires that ran across the stage. She happened to avoid them during the matinee and the show went perfectly, but then came the night show. She finished ‘Don't Cry For Me Argentina' and went to cross the stage in her beautiful white dress with the enormous hoop skirt. Suddenly, she was down on the ground. It was old school ‘I've fallen and I can't get up.' Literally. Because she was wearing a hoop skirt, she couldn't get any leverage. Ironically, while she was completely wiped out, she was supposed to be showing the audience how stunning she was. As a matter of fact, while she was on her back, rocking back and forth like an insect that can't stand up, Mandy Patinkin was singing ‘High Flying, Adored!' and indicating her. Finally, she dragged herself up. But, she suddenly thought, what does the audience think happened to me? She felt, as a Juilliard trained actress, she had to justify her fall. Aha! Evita dies at the end of act two from reproductive cancer. That's it!, she thought. So, as she stood up, she doubled over for a moment, clutched her abdomen and tried to indicate the subtext, ‘Ow! My uterus.' I'm sure the audience totally understood.”
Kelli O'Hara makes it snappy
“Kelli O'Hara wanted to audition for Sweet Smell of Success but she was doing Follies at the time and could only leave during her lunch hour. She took a chance and went to the audition, hoping they'd see her. The Sweet Smell peeps were on their lunch hour, too, but they agreed to see her even though the whole artistic team wasn't there. The audition pianist was at lunch so someone else volunteered to play. Kelli started singing and felt the guy was playing way too slow so she snapped at him to get him to pick up the tempo. That night, she went home and, after she told her roommate the story, her roommate got a theater book and pointed to a picture. ‘Um…was this the guy you snapped at?' Kelli said it was. Turns out, the pianist that was playing ‘way too slow' was also the composer… Marvin Hamlisch! The good news is, Kelli got a call back and got the role! The bad news is, Marvin loved to tell the story to everybody whenever they would do concerts together. ‘Let me introduce Kelli O'Hara… the girl who snapped in my face!'”
Audra McDonald at lunch
“A few years ago, Audra McDonald was invited by Oprah Winfrey to a special Legends weekend. There were legends like Toni Morrison, Gladys Knight and Maya Angelou and ‘young'uns' like Audra, Brandy and Angela Bassett. Audra was incredibly intimidated. She sat at a table surrounded by tons of big stars. It was too much to handle! Every star had a little nameplate in front of their chair. They decided it would be fun to autograph them all as a memento! They were passed around, but soon the nameplates got mixed up. Not to worry!, Chaka Kahn said, she'd pass them all back. Audra looked around at all the smiling faces and finally thought, You know what? Maybe I do belong here! I'm one of them! At that moment, Chaka started handing back the nameplates, held up Audra's and slowly sounded out ‘Au-drey Mac-Donald???' Pause. ‘‘Who's that?'”
The Phantom in the Orchestra
“I was playing piano for Phantom and there's a moment in act one when Christine rips the mask off of the Phantom in act one (yes, spoiler alert, but it's been running for 25 years! Where have you been???) One night I heard something clink and clank in the pit. What the H? Turns out, the mask had fallen off the stage and into the pit! The Phantom's Mask! Of course, I put it on. Suddenly, I'm playing the organ in the pit and I begin to feel like the Phantom. So cool! I was trying to get a laugh out of the viola section because they're notoriously uptight, but simply got stared out. Finally, I look up and see the conductor frantically telling me to take off the mask. Hmph. What was the big deal, you ask? Well, turns out, the masks are not made of plastic like the ones you can buy in Broadway-themed stores. No, they're made of pliable material that molds specifically to the Phantom's face. When I put it on, it changed the mold from the actor playing the Phantom's face and more into my, shall we say, Semitic face. As far as I know, that mask can now only be used if a Rabbi takes over the role.”
After more than four decades in the San Fernando Valley, Sunkist Growers Inc. will vacate its iconic Sherman Oaks headquarters this fall and relocate to Valencia, the company announced Monday.
The landmark, white, three-story, 120,000-square-foot building at 14130 Riverside Drive has been a familiar site to drivers whizzing along the Ventura Freeway since it opened in 1971.
“This is an exciting time for Sunkist Growers,” President and CEO Russell Hanlin said in a statement. “In the past few years, we have made significant advances on key strategic initiatives to position Sunkist for long-term growth and profitability — and the relocation of our headquarters is part of that strategy. We look forward to welcoming our growers, customers, licensees and other business partners to our new home in Valencia.”
The new building is at 27770 N. Entertainment Drive between the 5 Freeway and Magic Mountain.
It is also closer to Sunkist's growing areas in the region.
The move will enable Sunkist to keep its workforce intact, the company said in a statement.
The brand has been part of the Los Angeles business community for 120 years.
Sunkist is a cooperative of family farms and offers more than 40 fresh citrus products. It has thousands of grower members in California and Arizona.
Jason Crawford, marketing and economic development manager for the city of Santa Clarita, said the city and the Santa Clarita Valley Economic Development Corp. helped Sunkist find its new headquarters. The move will involve several hundred employees, he said.
“It's a huge boon for the entire Santa Clarita Valley for the jobs they will be bringing here. And as attrition happens they will be hiring new employees,” Crawford said. “It's a great company and a household name and we are thrilled to have them moving here.”
But the move is a loss for the San Fernando Valley, said Richard Close, president of the Sherman Oaks Homeowners Association.
“They, as an organization, as well as the building are icons for the Valley,” Close said. “And it's an unfortunate situation because a lot of businesses are finding that Los Angeles is just too expensive to operate in. Luckily, this company will still be nearby.”
City Councilman Tom LaBonge, whose district includes Sherman Oaks, expressed similar sentiments.
“I remember when they were down off Fifth Street right across from the library. I'm sorry that they are leaving, but their legacy is that building. It's one of the great buildings in the San Fernando Valley and all of Los Angeles.”
The building, which was sold last February to Sherman Oaks-based IMT Capital, has some notable features.
It is cantilevered out from its base so the top floor is bigger than the bottom, and white inverted concrete triangles at the sides of each window ring the building and seem to support the floor above. It also has an open-air atrium in the middle.
IMT's plan for the property includes nearly 360,000 feet of retail space and 298 apartment units. The Sunkist building will be preserved.
“There were a lot of people interested in this site who wanted to tear down the building,” Attorney Mark Armbruster said told the Daily News last month. “We found a way to preserve it and add some features that will not take away from the site.”
IMT's plan is being reviewed by the city.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- It's over.
That's how the Indians must look at this season. Dreams of contention are done, and the same should be true for players who won't be back next season.
So it makes no sense to play Travis Hafner and his sore back, even if he somehow recovers from his ninth trip to the disabled list. Hafner is 35. His $13 million contract for 2013 has a $2.5 million buyout. Just write the check, and wish Hafner the best. He can end the season on the DL, but there is no reason for him to be on the field.
It's over, even if Hafner was willing to play for the MLB minimum next season. The Indians don't need a full-time DH who can play only part-time because of injuries.
The same with Grady Sizemore. Even if it seems he's recovered from his various injuries to try and play this season, don't do it.
It's not the fault of Hafner or Sizemore, They didn't want to get hurt. But the team has been waiting for these guys to play -- for years. The wait should be over, and the franchise needs to move on to someone else.
Remember, this year should be about next year. So it's time to promote Matt LaPorta (.272, 19 HR, 56 RBI) from Class AAA and give him six weeks to show something.
I know, he's hitting only .194 with two homers since the All-Star break at Columbus, but he's been in the town long enough over four years to run for mayor. He had a hot start this season and wasn't brought up. It's possible he has been battling the International League blues. Give him one more look.
Shelley Duncan (.210, 10 HR, 27 RBI) will be 33 at the end of September. He is a career .231 hitter in the majors, and that's not about to change. Duncan is a good guy who cares deeply about the game -- but he has huge holes in his swing and is a liability in the field. It makes more sense for LaPorta to receive those at-bats, and this is a move that could have been made weeks ago.
LaPorta's grandmother died, and he has left the Clippers to attend the funeral. I hear he could be in Cleveland when he returns.
The reason LaPorta opened the season at Columbus is because the Tribe signed Casey Kotchman to a 1-year, $3 million contract. The idea was to put an elite glove at first base (which Kotchman has) and hope he hits (which he didn't). Kotchman is batting .226 with 10 homers. The Indians should be on the phone, seeing if any contender need a defensive replacement for first base. Or perhaps, they could release him and allow him to sign with a team that would want him for the bench.
I know, the Indians let go of Kotchman and he hits .300 for another team. Look at how Derek Lowe picked up a save for the Yankees with four scoreless innings against Texas Monday night. Well, good for the 39-year-old Lowe.
Rather than move Lowe to the bullpen, the Indians released him and gave the spot to young Cody Allen -- who has been terrific. The Indians need to look at Corey Kluber and Roberto Hernandez in the rotation. Hernandez is key because the Tribe has a $6 million option for next season, and they do need starting pitching.
The Tribe can replace Kotchman with Russ Canzler (.263, 17 HR, 62 RBI). He was the 2011 Intentional League MVP, and at 26 is either a prospect or he's not. The Tribe saw a reason to trade for him over the winter.
The point is, there is no reason to bring Hafner or Sizemore back this season. Or for Duncan and Kotchman to remain in the lineup.
If the Indians don't want LaPorta and/or Canzler, they can summon Tim Fedroff (.337, 7 HR, 22 RBI) or Jared Goedert (.292, 10 HR, 47 RBI) from Columbus. Unfortunately for Goedert, he's in a horrible 3-of-37 slump with 15 strikeouts in the last 10 games.
Jeanmar Gomez (6-2, 2.59 ERA at Class AAA) can join the team, either as a starter or long relief.
The Indians don't have many prospects at Class AAA, but they should take the remaining games to see if they have any.
Cold Rain & Snow, Wang Dang Doodle, Loser, Memphis Blues, Broken Arrow, Way To Go Home, Johnny B. Goode Drums*-> Iko Iko, Corinna-> Lazy River Road, Playin' In The Band-> Drums**-> Jam**-> The Other One***-> Stella Blue***-> Turn On Your Love Light***, E: Brokedown Palace
SBD> DAT> Sonic Solutions (for phase correction)> CD; via Mike Hall
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: nigeldavahah - favorite favorite favorite - June 11, 2015
Subject: Ornette Coleman. The Other One thru the Encore is great music . The wolf sounds great! Dead Jazz .....Ornette Coleman passed away today (((((((((;;vibes))))))))))))) - June 11, 2015Ornette Coleman
Reviewer: bp in mpls - favorite favorite - June 11, 2015
Subject: The Wolf Jerry was playing the Wolf at these Oakland Coliseum shows and also busted it out a couple days later for some Jerry Garcia Band shows at the Warfield! I saw it up close at the "Warzone." Ornette Coleman was fabulous jamming with the Dead! R-I-P to a true jazz legend. - June 11, 2015The Wolf
Reviewer: brewster - favorite favorite favorite - May 27, 2015
Subject: This show is highlighted in Rolling Stones article
http://www.rollingstone.com/music/features/11-greatest-guest-jams-at-grateful-dead-concerts-20150520 for its guest jam. - May 27, 2015This show is highlighted in Rolling Stones article
Reviewer: JamsOnly - favorite favorite - July 24, 2014
Subject: Nice 93 Who said there aren't any good shows in 93. Personal highlights: Iko, Corrina, Stella, and Lovelight. - July 24, 2014Nice 93
Reviewer: patkelleyPA - favorite favorite - March 10, 2013
Subject: great show but i dont think this was Wolf. I wasnt at the show, so I couldn't say for sure. But I am pretty certain that Wolf was a 70s guitar that had a brief reemergence in 88 or 89 for midi sounds.
I've since seen pictures and it is indeed the Wolf. Didn't sound like it to me at the time. I suppose I deserve to be called a jackass by some retard hippie though. Still a nice performance. - March 10, 2013great show but
Reviewer: enyajaw - favorite favorite - February 24, 2013
Subject: jackass I know this was posted years ago ,but, I can't let it go.
Got like 5 people that attended the show saying they vividly recall seeing Jerry play wolf and some idiot says :
"i dont think this was Wolf. I wasnt at the show, so I couldn't say for sure. But I am pretty certain that Wolf was a 70s guitar that had a brief reemergence in 88 or 89 for midi sounds."
As if 99% of the Deadheads don't know Wolf by name/sight.
You weren't at the show so you can't say....they were so they can.
AS FOR THE SHOW ITSELF -
Great show for the era.Energetic and clean.One of the last truly beautiful shows. - February 24, 2013jackass
Reviewer: missNjerry - favorite favorite - February 15, 2013
Subject: wolves last dance... Jerry last played Wolf during this performance in Oakland... - February 15, 2013wolfs last dance...
Reviewer: barreramusic - favorite favorite favorite - May 27, 2012
Subject: This is the better copy SB I don't think the drums sound as good as possible, but this is far better than the other SB source.
Thank you! - May 27, 2012This is the better copy SB
Reviewer: Joshua_me - favorite favorite favorite - January 8, 2011
Subject: Up in treetops... One of the last great shows... This "Playin'" fascinates me... It has no forward momentum to speak of... It just hangs there in midair, inert and wondrous and very, well, "trippy". NO other band could weave the magic like The Dead could... HIGhly recommended second set. - January 8, 2011Up in treetops...
Reviewer: drdidg - favorite favorite favorite - November 16, 2010
Subject: Guitar problems I was backstage on this night as I was the didgeridoo player in the second set. I also attended the night before in which Jerry had all kinds of problems with his guitar. On this night, just before the show started, a great fuss sprang up backstage with people saying "Jerry's guitar just BROKE". I asked what they meant someone said it had snapped in two. Roadies were rushing around and I was told it was not a good time to visit the stage to check arrangements for my didgeridoo appearance. So he was definitely playing a substitute guitar that night, but I can't tell you what it was. One way or another it sounded much sweeter than the night before. - November 16, 2010Guitar problems
Reviewer: darazn1 - favorite favorite favorite - December 16, 2008
Subject: Mardi Gras! This version seems to have a cassette generation, and is not as clean as the other. The other version captures the overall power of the evening much more. Still, I yearn to hear a great DAT>Aud master of this. The feeling in the room really translated nicely on my old cassettes.
I got speeding tickets in King City coming up for this one, and returning home. All three nights were great, but this one was cathartic. A total brain fuck.
Sat with my ex-girlfriend and her family this night. Stoned to death. Ornette and his band played a set early on, but the lights were only slightly dimmed, and the sound was generally inaudible. Jerry stepped out and played on the final song.
When the Dead hit the stage, Jerry had Wolf in his hands. This guitar can be viewd in the Grateful Dead movie. Felt like '74 in there. Crisp, mellow, soulful playing. The whole vibe was, I don't know, very different. Cold Rain had a great bounccy bass from Phil, and Jerry just played so crisp. Wang Dang Doodle. Loser with a powerrful solo. Broken Arrow was a great break out, and at one point, Phil's voice permeated the entire room witth such resonance. Memphis Blues was crisp as well. Not that over-the-top exaggerated energy of usual. Excellent, and something was definitely afoot.
Way to Go Home in the first set; at last, one version in the place where the song belongs. Never enjoyed it more. The song always flet out of place in the second set, but that's old news to most.
Johnny B. Goode roared the set to a close. It was so powerful... I didn't know Jerry could play with that kind of ferocity. Never heard a great one till 2/23. It was clear; something was definitely afoot.
Second set began with the Mardi Gras drums into Iko. Very psychedelic, with Phil in the lead. Corrina followed, like some evil joke, and the new Lazy River Road followed; two repeats in a row from the first night. Strange.
Playin' in the Band followed, and the band did a firstt rate melt down, Vince integrating himself with unusual precision. The jam didn't get particularly intense, but this went further out than any recent Dark Star.
Drums... digeridoo, sourround sound swirling around the coliseum, the whole place going bonkers. Jerry returns, and from the bowels of space, a saxaphone in the fog. And Ornette steps out for some freestyling. The band returns, and the wrestling match begins. The Dead enter the Other One, and Ornette leads them back into space. Again and again, screaming with greater and greater intensity. Phil, Jerry and the drums stomp out the Other One riff like never before. Walls of sound, screams, meltdowns, explosions, ... those who say that this one never gets off the ground just don't comprehend what went down. This was singularly the most intense thing I ever witnessed.
The first verse, and then the jam between the verses. If I recall correctly, there were two compelling climaxes here. So over the top, so frightening, so stoned. Later one of my favorite recordings of the Vince era. Later stolen from my collection. After later... The Other One chills, and Stella Blue follows. Ornette has his own way off integrating himself; navigates the cracks of time and space, harmonizing so beautifully. The jam at the end is long and involved.
Lovelight was outstanding as well. A performance that holds its own, Ornette and Jerry just goin for it, all the way to the final moment.
The encore left me stunned. I never felt so mortal in my life.
This show is no ligh weight. The heaviest concert I've ever attended. And here is a record of what went down. You can't comprehend it by basing yourself on what each song should be. Likely, you will find some permutation that sets it apart here.
Ornette's appearance in Dec. in L.A., by contrast, did nothing for me. Sounds like Ornette sitting in with the Dead. Here, Ornette makes a statement that changes the Dead in some significant way. There is nothing else like it, nothing I am aware of.
Proceed with caution, and rejoice.
After note; big problem with this mix. Phil is deceptively quiet. He was in lead-bass mode, loud, crisp, bouncey and wonderfully modulated this night. I am sure an audience recording is the only way to capture the essence of this show. Without Phil correctly represented in the mix, it is hard to appreciate what went down. call your firends. get that audience DAT and make it available (please!) - December 16, 2008Mardi Gras!
Reviewer: demigodband - favorite favorite - July 20, 2008
Subject: Orrnette Coleman It comes together in Lovelight. The flow with Coleman that is. Sounds fun. Glad I was there. Peace. - July 20, 2008Orrnette Coleman
Reviewer: Evan S. Hunt - favorite favorite favorite - March 2, 2008
Subject: Very Enjoyable Well-played. Snappy, pulsating recording.
All-in-all: very, very good -- A definite 5 stars for the era. - March 2, 2008Very Enjoyable
Reviewer: robin_banks - favorite favorite - March 27, 2007
Subject: Fat Tuesday This was the second time I got mighty spun at a show and what a night to do so! The Ornette set was a real treat despite the sound. The freakin' parade blew my mind; I'll never forget the huge Bill Clinton float with sax in one hand, doobie in the other with smoke bellowing from his head. Thanks to the taper angels for this one! "Never had such a good time...." - March 27, 2007Fat Tuesday
Reviewer: spring mountain high - favorite favorite - March 27, 2007
Subject: mardi gras the parade was great...they opened up a meandering path on the floor and the floats paraded while the drummers played...the giant saxophone playing, joint-smoking clinton was hilarious...
musical highlights include loser, johnny b goode and the entire second set from the jam leading into drums to the close...jerry played 'the wolf' for this show - March 27, 2007mardi gras
Reviewer: fiyo fiyo - favorite favorite favorite - April 7, 2006
Subject: johnny b goode!!! i'm just streaming this.... the boys are rocking..... nice aiko, memphis blues, but the johnny b fucking goode..... oh man..... jerry rips it.... he's got such a clean tone, i can't believe it.... i don't think i've ever heard such a fat, rich, clean tone come out of his guitar before..... if anyone can think of a show off hand please let me know... - April 7, 2006johnny b goode!!!
Reviewer: Rider72 - favorite favorite - December 10, 2005
Subject: This show kicks ass! Great sound quality and mix....you can hear the fun coming thru the line. I enjoyed the hell out of this show! Please add another half star to my rating. Awsome..... - December 10, 2005This show kicks ass!
Reviewer: drgnw/mtchs - favorite favorite favorite - November 4, 2005
Subject: super crispy sndbrd!!!!! Great source. I had a blast at these shows. So happy to see such incredible sources! ANyone knows the downlow on the yellow guitar Garcia was playing in the second set? Maybe he used this before, but I had never noticed it. I would love to hear from anyone with details regarding this. Peace! - November 4, 2005super crispy sndbrd!!!!!
Reviewer: drgnw/mtchs - favorite favorite favorite - November 4, 2005
Subject: super crispy sndbrd!!!!! Great source. I had a blast at these shows. So happy to see such incredible sources! ANyone knows the downlow on the yellow guitar Garcia was playing in the second set? Maybe he used this before, but I had never noticed it. I would love to hear from anyone with details regarding this. Peace! - November 4, 2005super crispy sndbrd!!!!!
Reviewer: Bruce B - favorite favorite favorite - August 4, 2004
Subject: not so hot Now, I only listened to the last disc, but the Space is empty and the Other One never gets off the ground, the boys are riding the brake for this one. Much respect to Ornette, but he never really meshes with the band, Lovelight has a little funk to it, but doesn't scratch the surface until the end. Overall, great idea, not great results. But hey, I listened for the novelty factor and so should you, just keep the expectations low my friends. - August 4, 2004not so hot
Reviewer: HQ SBDS - favorite favorite - July 13, 2004
Subject: Get it for the Ornette Coleman Jazz and Jerry is so soulful. Get this for the O Coleman stella> brokedown and put it on a filler of your favorite phish show. Sound is A. - July 13, 2004Get it for the Ornette Coleman
Reviewer: foma! - favorite favorite favorite - May 27, 2004
Subject: !!!encore!!! p.s . the brokedown palace makes me feel like i've had four long islands, and i've only had one. - May 27, 2004!!!encore!!!
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The devastating impact of losing a child is etched across the face of Shira the gorilla in these heartbreaking photos.
With her dead offspring still in her arms, the mammal walks frantically up and down her cage in a tear-jerking attempt to revive the youngster.
From her enclosure at Frankfurt Zoo in Germany, the mother cannot comprehend the loss of her child.
Read more: Horrifying video shows live rats tied to beer bottles and forced to fight each other in Chinese bar
With grief etched across her face, Shira carries her child, gently shakes her and cuddles her close in the hope it will bring back the dead baby.
(Image: Winfried Faust/BILD)
(Image: Winfried Faust/BILD)
The baby gorilla was just one-week-old when it died and zookeepers said Shira was behaving as a mother should during this period, caring for the tot.
It is not yet known why or how the baby died, but experts at the zoo have pledged to take the body for an autopsy once her 10-year-old mother has finally come to terms with the loss and let the lifeless body go.
(Image: Winfried Faust/BILD)
(Image: Winfried Faust/BILD)
Zoo director Professor Manfred Niekisch said: "Last Thursday she was OK in the morning but in the afternoon she suddenly and without warning died. We have as yet no idea what caused it."
He also revealed how the bond between gorillas and their babies is extremely close.
(Image: Winfried Faust/BILD)
(Image: Winfried Faust/BILD)
Prof Niekisch said: "Shira needs time and space to come to terms with her loss."
The devastated Gorilla was seen to sleep with the body of her child lying on her stomach and, when she woke, made fresh attempts to bring the infant back to life.
(Image: Winfried Faust/BILD)
(Image: Winfried Faust/BILD)
Tragically the baby is the second that Shira has lost while at the zoo, having seen her son Tandu die aged just six months last year.
The gorilla displayed similar signs of grief during that loss as she gently shook the body to try and wake the baby up.
The official website for the television anime of Tsukumizu 's Girls' Last Tour ( Shōjo Shūmatsu Ryokō ) manga announced on Saturday that the series is inspiring a spinoff anime series titled Shōjo Shūmatsu Jugyō (Girls' Last Class). The spinoff anime's will feature super-deformed characters and follow Chito and Yuuri as they attend various classes at a school in another world.
The spinoff will premiere streaming on Kadokawa 's official YouTube channel on October 6. New episodes will premiere every Friday, and each episode will stream for two weeks.
The website also revealed a new key visual and character visuals for the television anime.
The website revealed two new visuals earlier this month.
The cast includes:
Inori Minase as the composed and intellectual Chito
Yurika Kubo as the optimistic Yuuri who loves to eat
The anime will premiere on the AT-X , Tokyo MX , KBS Kyoto , Sun TV , and BS11 channels on October 6. It will also debut on TV Aichi on October 7, and on TVQ on October 9. The series will stream in advance on AbemaTV on October 6. Sentai Filmworks licensed the series, and it will stream during the fall 2017 simulcast season on Anime Strike in the United States and "select digital platforms" in other territories.
Yen Press licensed the original manga and is releasing it in English. The company describes the story:
Civilization is dead, but Chito and Yuuri are still alive. So they hop aboard their beloved Kettenkrad motorbike and aimlessly wander the ruins of the world they once knew. Day after hopeless day, they look for their next meal and fuel for their ride. But as long as the two are together, even an existence as bleak as theirs has a ray or two of sunshine in it, whether they're sucking down their fill of soup or hunting for machine parts to tinker with. For two girls in a world full of nothing, the experiences and feelings the two share give them something to live for...
Takaharu Ozaki ( Persona 5 the Animation -The Day Breakers- ) is directing the anime at WHITE FOX . Kazuyuki Fudeyasu ( Is the order a rabbit? , Monster Musume ) is writing and overseeing the scripts, and Mai Toda ( Matoi the Sacred Slayer , Holy Knight ) is designing the characters and serving as chief animation director. Shō Tanaka ( No Game, No Life , Re:Zero ) is producing the anime. Kenichiro Suehiro ( Space Patrol Luluco , Re:ZERO -Starting Life in Another World- ) is composing the music.
Other staff members include:
Tsukumizu publishes the manga digitally on Shinchosha 's "Kurage Bunch" website. Shinchosha published the fifth compiled volume on September 8.
Source: Comic Natalie
The NYS DOT is hosting a public information meeting regarding the Scajaquada Corridor Project (Route 198) on Tuesday, August 8, from 5:30pm to 7:30pm at Buffalo State College (Bulgar Communication Center – Bulgar North). A formal presentation will start at 6pm.
This meeting is being considered one of the most significant thus far, because as recent as July, community partners and the Olmsted Parks Conservancy (BOPC) have been stepping up the pressure for the DOT to do the right thing by taking into consideration the importance of reconnecting the parkscape, and to address community stakeholders' concerns (learn more). It appears that time is finally of the essence. BRO's Rachacha spoke to BPOC Executive Director Stephanie Crockatt in July, when she had this to say:
“Information coming from DOT's announced planning schedules (from various meetings) and from what we've heard through back channels, is that the DOT is preparing to submit their Final Environmental Impact Statement (FEIS) to the Federal Highway Authority for approval at any time. We have also heard that they may put through their design plans and documents at roughly the same time, in keeping with their announced schedule for construction. This affords no public input opportunity to discuss design. Plus BOPCs public comments that were solicited and sent in, from back in February, have not received a DOT reply.”
Earlier today, BRO asked Crockatt about her thoughts on the upcoming meeting:
“As to tomorrow night's meeting aspirations… we understand the DOT will be presenting their design renderings which could include some modifications. We are eager to hear and see any positive developments. The Conservancy plans to show our conceptual ideas for change, and will be urging the DOT to consider this opportunity as a win-win for this important corridor. Ultimately it would be ideal if we could bring the DOT and stakeholders back together to formulate design solutions from an urban planning standpoint for this community, for tourism, and for improved quality of life.
Lead image: Community Stakeholders
Ok, So this is just a remake of my first original Mac inflation pic, I decided to switch some things around and add some cool alternatives.So anyways here's what is still the same. Mac still has the hose stuck in his belly-button inflating him.He is still fat and adorable. He still has huge swelling feet and toes And Im still in the photo giving him a big hug!. <3 Now here are the changes. Mac is sticking his little tongue out! Awww how cute! ^^ He is being inflated with water instead of jello. The background is slightly darker. And the best difference of all, He has cute smiley faces on each and every one of his fully inflated squishy toes!The marker on the ground beside me shows you that i drew them! How lucky am i to draw faces on Mac's feet?! Im also lucky to be hugging him as he's getting fatter softer and squishier.So now you have two versions of this cute lil photo to adore and enjoy!But remember, i still love Mac more than you! X///3 He's just sooooooo cute!!!I could hug him for eternity just like in this pic!Here is the original version: [link] Mac and Bloo belong to Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends and it's creators. I belong to..Well.. Me!I really hope you like it!
Disunion follows the Civil War as it unfolded.
Griffin Stedman was 26 years old when he died from wounds suffered during the siege of Petersburg, Va., in August 1864. His monument on the field describes him as a “Typical Volunteer Soldier,” before noting a meteoric rise in the military: the Connecticut native and Trinity College graduate was commissioned as a captain in 1861, and died a brigadier general just three years later.
But Stedman is less famous for his career than the fortification named for him, and the climactic battle that occurred there: The Battle of Fort Stedman, the site of Gen. Robert E. Lee's last chance to stave off defeat, which was fought on March 25, 1865. It is a site of particular importance to me, because Fort Stedman is where my great-grandfather became a hero, or a deserter. Maybe both.
By the spring of 1865, Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant had Lee cornered – and Lee knew it. Grant had Lee and Richmond, the capital, surrounded, with federal gunboats on the rivers and a string of forts punctuating the trenches that locked Lee's army down. Lee finally let himself recognize that it was his army, not the city, that was the true objective for Grant's forces, outnumbering Lee by nearly three to one with every strategic advantage. Trying to get around Grant was doomed to fail. Lee couldn't get out unless he found a way to break through.
Along with the Union's Fort Haskell and other emplacements known only by Roman numerals – Battery X, Battery XI – Fort Stedman was built in late 1864 as part of a Union line that stretched for miles around the dwindling Army of Northern Virginia, while Grant's huge army settled down to wait for the inevitable. Most were no more than mounds of earth and some timber, with heavy artillery – Napoleons and Parrots and Dictators — along with lesser killing machines, like small coehorn mortars.
Which is where the horseflies come into my story.
Like many Americans with more than a passing interest in the Civil War, I have family who fought in it. My great-grandfather, James C. Donnelly, had been part of the Grand Army of the Republic in his latter years, and therefore a veteran. But that is all any living person knew, until one day in 1986.
At the time I was living just a few blocks from the National Archives in Washington, and one day I spent a day with microfilm spools, finding the handful of Union soldiers named James C. Donnelly, narrowing down to the two or three from Connecticut, and finally finding the only one who could have been my great-grandfather. I handed in my request form for his file, waited about an hour, and got a single slip of paper from an envelope.
He had enlisted at Whethersfield (as the town was spelled at the time) in August 1864, and was paid $100. Formally mustered into the Connecticut Heavy Artillery, Company A in December 1864, he was paid $200 more, given a suit of clothes (his uniform, presumably) and sent to Petersburg. The last item was stark: “Deserted, June 1865.”
I was stunned – and then found it funny. I wrote it all up for my father, who had been a Marine in World War II. He was distinctly less amused. There the matter rested for more than 20 years.
Photo
Recently, I decided to research my great-grandfather's unit. The First Connecticut Heavy Artillery handled exactly what its name said: mostly very heavy artillery, siege guns like the famous Civil War mortar “the Dictator,” primarily in the defense of Washington. I read a couple of regimental histories, in which he was listed as a substitute, paid to take someone's place in the line.
It's not hard to understand why anyone – much less a substitute – would have considered running away from the Civil War. Not far from Fort Stedman there is a monument to a regiment of Maine artillery, exactly like my great-grandfather's unit: The First Maine Heavy Artillery had been created to guard Washington, then sent to Petersburg. But in yet another instance of that war's carelessness with the lives of young men, the Maine artillerymen were ordered to attack as infantry in June 1864. They lost 594 casualties for no gain whatsoever. I expect most of the Connecticut men who served with my great-grandfather knew some of those Maine men, and that their story of being thrown, unprepared, into battle, could have given him second thoughts about sticking around.
In 2009, coming back from a family christening in Cary, N.C., along with my wife and son, we stopped by Petersburg where my great-grandfather fought, 150 years ago. We saw Fort Stedman, the focus of Lee's last attack: low dirt walls roughly the size of a baseball diamond.
And about a mile away, by a little creek, we found a Union mortar of the Dictator type – a massive, ugly thing made to fire a shell weighing an eighth of a ton. I said to my teenage son, as my wife took our picture for the wallpaper on her personal computer, “You know, your great-great-grandfather fought here, and not long after, was listed as a …”
At that moment, I was attacked by horseflies. I was hit multiple times by at least two, raising large welts on my face and neck. I gave up swatting at their persistence, and simply ran – my wife laughed that she'd missed getting the picture with her cellphone, titled, “Donnelly Retreats From Petersburg.” I fled a good 300 yards before they left me alone, with fat blotches all over my skin. My wife and son strolled up, unmolested, as I was gasping for breath.
We went into the nearby National Park Service facility where I met Chris Calkins, the Petersburg battlefield historian. He tactfully ignored the welts, and when I mentioned that I had an ancestor who fought there, sat down at the Park Service computer. It took him seconds to pull up the information that had taken me hours in 1986: There he was, James C. Donnelly, Company A, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery.
After Lee surrendered at Appomattox on April 9, 1865, most of the soldiers on both sides simply went home, with or without permission. Millions of men had been killing each other in very large numbers for more than four years. But then – in an often overlooked proof of American exceptionalism – when it was over, it was over. Decisively.
So James C. Donnelly wasn't really a deserter, and wasn't alone. He shrewdly reckoned that with hundreds of thousands of young men leaving the army and looking for work, being among the first back would be a good move. So he didn't bother with the paperwork. That obviously didn't hurt him with the Grand Army of the Republic, the organization of Union veterans to which he belonged the rest of his life – and his connections with the railroad industry that he had developed in the war apparently helped him a great deal, since he was baggagemaster on the New Haven Railroad from shortly after the war until his death around the beginning of the 20th century.
So this is the real story that my great-grandfather was a part of, 150 years ago: defeating Lee's last attack of the war.
Despite the occasional spasm of killing (like those unfortunate 594 casualties from the First Maine), Lee knew he couldn't stay where he was, besieged at Petersburg. He had no way to replace the men he was losing, and he couldn't kill enough Yankees to make Grant quit. To save his army, Lee had to abandon Richmond, break through or get around the Union siege lines. If he and his men could make it south into North Carolina, they could fight on.
So the most spectacularly successful military gambler in American history had to try his luck one more time.
Before dawn on March 25, 1865, Lee sent Maj. Gen. John B. Gordon's Virginia troops smashing into the most vulnerable place on the Union siege line, in which Batteries X, XI and XII, along with Stedman, were parts of essentially one ill-built fortification over about a mile of ground. Even worse, it was just 200 yards from the well-made Confederate position known as the Colquitt Salient, easily within range of a surprise attack. Thus Lee chose it for his last shock and awe of the war, starting Gordon at about 4 a.m. on March 25.
Related Disunion Highlights Explore multimedia from the series and navigate through past posts, as well as photos and articles from the Times archive. See the Highlights »
With discipline, in the dark, the Confederates took Fort Stedman with hardly a shot – but in the first panicked moments, a couple of artillerymen (there is a hint that they were awake, playing poker in the little shack at the center of the fort; there may have been libations involved) grabbed the coehorn mortars, small pieces weighing several hundred pounds each, and humped them to the next emplacement a few hundred yards away.
The predawn battle was all confusion. Union Gen. Napoleon McLaughlen was captured in Fort Stedman when he strode in confidently to direct fire at the enemy, only to discover that the fort had already been taken. The Confederates figured out whose side he was on only when they realized he was trying to get them to shoot rebels. Then the guns McLaughlen was hoping to direct were pointed at him; McLaughlen spent the last weeks of the war an acutely embarrassed prisoner.
So it wasn't the general, but the guys carrying the coehorn mortars who roused first Battery X, then XI and XII – and started raining shells down on Gordon's troops.
The First Connecticut Heavy Artillery was divided into companies – A through H – posted along the Union lines. By the time the sun came up, several of them were surely firing on the rebel salient, including Fort Stedman.
There is no specific record where Company A was, and thus where Pvt. James C. Donnelly was on that dark morning. I'd like to think – in the absence of contrary evidence – that some Company A man were assigned to Stedman (along with Company K), and that just possibly he was one of the artillerymen awake in the shack when all hell broke loose before dawn on March 25, 1865.
Could he have been one of the unnamed soldiers who carried those coehorn mortars to Battery X, about as far from Fort Stedman as I had to run from the horseflies? The ones who started firing on the Confederates even before the sun came up and Gordon saw that it was no good? Who forced Gordon to retreat back to give Lee the bad news – leading directly to Appomattox and the end of the war? Having looked at all the available records, I cannot say.
But I remember those horseflies: I'm not denying it, either.
Follow Disunion at twitter.com/NYTcivilwar or join us on Facebook.
Sources: John C. Taylor and Samuel P. Hatfield, “History of the First Connecticut Artillery and of the siege trains of the armies operating against Richmond, 1862-1865”; William C. Wyrick, “Lee's Last Offensive: The Attack on Fort Stedman March 25, 1865,” Blue and Gray magazine, January 2008.
Paul Donnelly is an advocate for legal immigration.
As Russians remember the victims of the Stalinist purges, which reached fever pitch 75 years ago, a newly published database gives many Muscovites a chance to discover the chilling history on their doorstep.
As the long, bright days of Moscow's hot summer drew to a close this year, my family and I moved out of our much-loved, late-19th-Century flat. We moved across the city for boring, practical reasons, to be closer to my wife's new office. We left our beautiful, old home with heavy hearts.
Like many Moscow apartments, it did not look much from the outside - a heavy, grey-steel security door, a scruffy communal entrance hall, a grand old staircase with a cast-iron banister spoiled by multiple layers of shiny, off-blue institutional paint.
But stepping through the front door took you into another world - high ceilings, big bright windows and a sense of history - a third-floor home that would not look out of place in Paris.
It was in that kitchen that my artistic four-year-old daughter learned to paint. It was in that long corridor that her twin brother learned to take corners on his scooter at high speed. We all remember the old place fondly.
Like thousands of people in Moscow, I was curious this week to see if my home was on the new database, showing the addresses of those killed in the purges - a sea of tens of thousands of blood-red dots on the map of Moscow. As my new flat was built too recently, I searched under my old address.
Lyalin Pereulok - or Lyalin Lane - is a gently curving street barely 500 metres (540 yards) long.
Most of the buildings are low-rise and well over 100 years old. I found that, on this lane alone, 25 people were taken away to be shot - most of them in the bloodiest years of 1937 and 1938.
In my flat - Flat 7 at Number 9 - lived two brothers. Olimpiy Kvitkin was killed in 1937 and his younger brother Aristarch in 1939.
It turns out that Olimpiy Kvitkin was a rather important person. Born into an aristocratic and military family, he became a life-long socialist and revolutionary. After studying mathematics at the Sorbonne University in Paris, he became one of Stalin's leading statisticians. He was the man in charge of the 1937 census, an ambitious attempt to count everyone in the Soviet Union.
That was where his troubles began. Because Stalin had announced in 1934 that the population was 168 million and growing fast but, when the returns came in from the 1937 census, it was clear that the population was just 162 million - six million fewer than Stalin had announced just three years earlier.
It did not mean Stalin was wrong, though he might have been out of date. It meant that the sheer, unimaginable scale of the millions of deaths from the man-made famines of the 1930s was starting to show up in the official statistics. By far the largest numbers died in Ukraine, in what is known as the Holodomor - the extermination by hunger.
The results of Olimpiy Kvitkin's census were simply unpublishable. Within days of the first, still-secret findings being delivered to the Kremlin, he and three senior colleagues were arrested.
The Bolshevik journal claimed a "serpent's nest of traitors in the apparatus of Soviet statistics" had been crushed. Pravda said the men had "exerted themselves to diminish the numbers of the population of the USSR". Though the diminishing was, in fact, the fault of Josef Stalin's brutal policies.
Olimpiy Kvitkin was shot on 28 September 1937 and buried in a mass grave in the beautiful red-brick Donskoy cemetery in Moscow.
From Our Own Correspondent Insight, wit and analysis from BBC correspondents, journalists and writers from around the world
Broadcast on Radio 4 and BBC World Service Listen to the programme Download the programme
The importance of his census was only recognised when it emerged from the secret Soviet archives 52 years later, in 1989.
There is a postscript to this bloody tale. Despite the ghosts of the Kvitkin brothers and 23 others, Lyalin Pereulok is still a favoured street for Moscow's elite.
Sometimes, as I took my children to nursery school, I would see the security men of a Russian member of parliament.
He was Andrei Lugovoi, the former KGB man wanted by British police in connection with the killing of Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006, with the lethally radioactive chemical Polonium 210.
Image caption Daniel Sandford (left) having tea with Andrei Lugovoi
One day when interviewing him, I mentioned that I had seen him on my street.
"What number do you live at?" he asked.
"Number nine," I said.
"Ah," he said, "I live at number seven."
In Moscow you never can escape from history.
How to listen to From Our Own Correspondent:
BBC Radio 4: Saturdays at 11.30am and some Thursdays at 11am.
Listen online or download the programme
BBC World Service: Short editions Monday-Friday - see World Service programme schedule.
How Does the MIDI Sequencer Work?
Circuit Hardware
Can we really build a MIDI sequencer at home? The answer is yes and, when you see how simple they can be, you will never look at shop-bought MIDI mixer in the same way!
Before we build, however, we'll need to understand how MIDI sequencers work.
MIDI stands for Music Instrument Digital Interface and is, at its heart, a UART bus with a baud rate of 31250. While this baud rate may seem strange, it turns out that it is perfectly divisible into 8MHz which was a commonly used crystal in the past (MIDI goes as far back as 1980).
But MIDI is more than just a UART baud rate; it also includes a bit of circuitry and software, too! MIDI connections are (or at least should be) optoisolated and so our MIDI output uses two series resistors with an inverter (for driving), while our MIDI input uses an optoisolator and a Schmitt trigger buffer. The buffer, itself, is made of two inverters (to cancel out the inverting effect), while the Schmitt trigger action is used to improve the rise and fall times of the incoming UART.
The sequencer shown in this project has eight-step buttons (pattern), four functional buttons, eight-step LEDs, and four function LEDs. Since there are not too many IO pins on the PIC16F1516, row selection is being used, which means that each row is enabled and scanned to see which buttons have been pressed. (See my project, the DIY Laser Tripwire, to learn more.)LEDs are also turned on in waves very quickly (faster than the human eye can see) so all the LEDs appear to be on at the same time.
The only other circuit is the LM7805 linear regulator that uses the same standard circuit found in most of my projects.
The controversy over Bill O'Reilly‘s war stories has slowly faded out of the news cycle, and that really annoys Bill Maher. He asked tonight why the media isn't going after O'Reilly with the same “ferocity” they did to Brian Williams.
Maher went, point-by-point, through each of O'Reilly's now-questioned claims––from his coverage of the Falklands war to his claims about witnessing certain events that his colleagues have disputed––and called him a “blatant, bald-assed liar.” He also said Fox has been silent on the controversy, though to be fair, Fox has issued a number of statements in O'Reilly's defense over the past few weeks.
David Axelrod said it doesn't have legs because “Bill O'Reilly isn't a real journalist,” while Matt Taibbi said, “Bill O'Reilly being full of shit about something isn't a news story.”
Maher wondered aloud how Fox would react if a liberal journalist said the kind of things and came under the kind of scrutiny O'Reilly did.
Watch the video below, via HBO:
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
ALBUQUERQUE (KRQE) - You may have noticed that the Winrock Mall is getting a major facelift, but in the mix of all of it, the developers have built something massive that looks like it's taking over the site.
It's not flashy, but it's very hard to miss. An enormous mountain of dirt has sprung up in the middle of Uptown on the Winrock site.
The mound has left some people wondering where it's all going and how long it will be there.
"I'm not sure what's going on," said a woman taking the I-40 Louisiana exit on Monday, noticing the large dirt pile.
For most people passing by, the site of the Winrock in Uptown is not what they're used to seeing.
"You know I just figured it was part of the construction," said one man to KRQE News 13 on Monday while looking at all of the dirt.
It's obvious to almost anyone who's driving I-40 past Uptown; The Winrock Mall is now in the shadow of a massive dirt pile. In some places, the dirt pile almost looks like it could be a brand-new freeway off ramp.
Timelapse video from crews building the Winrock shows how quickly it's grown over the last two months. What started at the same level as the parking lot, the dirt pile has now grown enormous. At its peak, the pile is estimated to be about 30 feet tall.
While it had some people asking questions Monday, the dirt pile was a clue to others that Winrock is building a large parking garage. According to the city of Albuquerque, the parking garage will have about 1000 spaces in it.
In the meantime, construction crews are saving every single bit of the dirt. Some of it is tall enough to come close to the top of a little parking lot lamp posts.
"It's a good thing for Albuquerque and good thing for the area," said Gilbert Montaño with the city of Albuquerque.
Mayor R.J. Berry's Chief of Staff, Montaño says the city has been expecting the dirt pile for a long time. Developers have told the city that all the dirt will be reused near the garage and other places.
"Basically level off some of the elevations for other pad sites specifically across the street from the target shopping center and some of the southeast corner area," said Montaño.
So far, the city says it hasn't gotten any complaints about the dirt, or heard any concerns about the dirt blowing away.
"Most of the feedback we're getting is awesome, I'm glad something is happening, it's cool to see cranes moving," said Montaño.
Developers didn't return KRQE News 13's call on Monday, but the city says they've been told the parking garage will be finished at the end of July. By then, Montaño says the city is expecting to see the dirt pile start to shrink.
Some of the Winrock's new stores are expected to open in 2016, including a Designer Shoe Warehouse and a Nordstrom's Rack. The Winrock's developers estimate that the entire project including a hotel, plaza, new stores, and an apartment complex will be finished in 2018.
Prior to Switch's launch in March, many were skeptical of its chances. Wii U had bombed, and Switch — to some — looked like an evolution of the same concept. They questioned the appeal of a portable/console hybrid and criticized the compromises inherent in making it work.
Now three months in, it's clear Switch speaks to players.
Shortly after release, Nintendo announced it had sold 906,000 Switch units in March, and since then the system has continued to sell out wherever it appears.
Perhaps most notably, Switch has been a success despite its first two major games — Zelda and Mario Kart — also being available on Wii U, give or take. (In fact, every Switch game currently selling at $59.99 is also available on other hardware of some sort.) Fans want the games, but more than that they want to play them on Switch. And in many cases, they even want games that haven't been announced, leading to nearly endless “but is it on Switch” questions.
This puts Nintendo into a good position going into E3. It's the kind of buzz that convinces third parties to support a system, and while it may be too early to see the larger results of that next week, we'll probably start to see more PS4, Xbox One and PC port announcements piggybacking on that success at the show.
That third-party support
To date, Switch's third-party releases have been all over the place.
A handful of independent games like Shovel Knight and TumbleSeed have given the system a nice boost, some smaller ports like Wonder Boy and Snake Pass have added variety and Minecraft and Just Dance have made the system feel established. But we have yet to see anything especially ambitious from third parties.
Ultra Street Fighter 2 rubbed many the wrong way by repackaging old content and calling it new, and charging a high price for it. Puyo Puyo Tetris and Rime retail copies both ended up costing more on Switch than on other platforms, reportedly due to manufacturing costs. Skylanders ended up looking dated compared to other versions of the game, and fans are worried that FIFA and Skyrim will suffer the same fate.
Some would argue Switch doesn't need big exclusive third-party games, and that Nintendo's first-party titles can fill that role. But relative to pretty much every previous Nintendo console, this is a gap that hasn't been filled yet. And E3 seems like the place we could see that change.
So what might fill the gap?
All signs point to Ubisoft formally unveiling Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle, which looks to be one of the system's first big original third-party efforts. Leaks have sucked the surprise out of that announcement, but it should still mark a significant step forward for support from Ubisoft.
In the more tentative realm, Nintendo announced awhile back that Grasshopper Manufacture, Sega's Toshihiro Nagoshi, From Software and PlatinumGames — all critically acclaimed Japanese action game developers — were working on Switch games. We don't know yet if any of those will be unique to Switch (or published by third-parties), but if the cards fall the right way they could help add more depth to the lineup.
And Nintendo has lined up a handful of franchises that are big in Japan, with Dragon Quest XI, a new Tales game and Monster Hunter XX on the way. These aren't the sorts of games that companies generally go big with at E3, but it's possible they may show up.
Also, it's important not to discount the indie lineup. When Switch launched, many assumed it would be a “Zelda machine” for awhile, and games like Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment helped change some of that perception. We would be surprised to not see at least a few independent games announced for Switch at the show.
Ultimately, Nintendo's launch buzz hasn't worn off yet, so it won't be a disaster if third-party studios don't have a lot to say about new Switch games at E3. If a handful of unique games get announced, though, it could go a long way towards countering the impression that Switch third-party support just equals indies and ports of mid-range PlayStation and Xbox games.
First-party games
OK, so the bread and butter of Switch.
Nintendo has announced plans to make Super Mario Odyssey the star of its E3 activities, which in some ways feels like code for “don't expect too much else” but it should be a big deal regardless, given how impressive the game has looked so far and how long it's been since Nintendo has made a big single-player 3D Mario game.
Presumably Nintendo will not only have Mario playable, but announce some news for the game as well, as well as updates for its other big games coming soon: Arms and Splatoon 2.
It seems like most of the company's news will come through trailers as part of Nintendo's “Spotlight” presentation on June 13. Nintendo has specified that it will focus on games planned for release in 2017, so while Mario will almost certainly be the anchor, there's room there for a handful of smaller announcements.
From launch through July, Nintendo has scheduled a big game release roughly every month and a half, and then after July 21st the main thing it has listed is Mario Odyssey for the rest of the year. Mario will be a big deal, but we'd be surprised if Nintendo lets it carry five months of releases on its back after being so consistent.
So what might fill that gap?
For one, the second Zelda DLC pack, which promises a new dungeon and story. To many Switch owners, that'll land as hard as a new game would and easily eat up a month and a half of playtime.
For another: Xenoblade Chronicles 2. If it really is shipping this year, then E3 seems like a natural place to show more of it.
Yet another: Pokken Tournament DX, which pushes the limits on what counts as a “first-party” game given the various companies involved, but gets another of Nintendo's big brands on Switch, even if not in the form that some fans want.
For other announcements, we don't expect many major reveals for games shipping in 2017. Maybe a new digital game overseen by Nintendo like Snipperclips? Another upgraded Wii U port ala Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and Pokken? Or is it finally time for Mother 3 in the west?
Or maybe Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle will fill one of those slots, despite being a third-party title.
Nintendo already has a strong Switch lineup for 2017, so with just a couple significant smaller announcements at E3 to fill out the rest of the year, the company could tie things up with a nice bow and call it a very successful first 10 months.
The bigger questions for Switch at this point look to come with what will happen in 2018, once Nintendo settles into its comfort zone and we see how third-parties react to the system's success. So if Nintendo sticks to its plan of focusing on 2017 titles at E3, we expect to see a whole lot of Mario next week.
0
Quentin Tarantino is retiring. Some version of this phrase has been reported for the past few years as one of our great filmmakers began touting his plans to stop making movies before he started making bad ones, and now he's set a definitive end date for his career: 10 movies. While selling his next film, the Western The Hateful Eight, to international buyers at AFM recently, Tarantino announced that he absolutely plans to retire from filmmaking after his tenth film, saying he's got “two more to go after this,” which seems to indicate that he's counting Kill Bill as one film.
But he's got plenty to do before he recedes to a life of writing and reading, as he also spoke about the surprising sources of inspiration for The Hateful Eight (spoiler alert: they're TV shows) and expanded upon his plans to release the film in 70mm, as it is poised to be “the biggest wide screen movie shot in the last 40 years”. Much more after the jump.
In a rundown of Tarantino's AFM appearance over at Deadline, a transcription of the filmmaker's comments regarding retirement were provided, in which he gives himself a little wiggle room to return:
“I don't believe you should stay on stage until people are begging you to get off. I like the idea of leaving them wanting a bit more. I do think directing is a young man's game and I like the idea of an umbilical cord connection from my first to my last movie. I'm not trying to ridicule anyone who thinks differently, but I want to go out while I'm still hard…I like that I will leave a ten-film filmography, and so I've got two more to go after this. It's not etched in stone, but that is the plan. If I get to the tenth, do a good job and don't screw it up, well that sounds like a good way to end the old career. If, later on, I come across a good movie, I won't do it just because I said I wouldn't. But ten and done, leaving them wanting more, that sounds right.”
Kurt Russell followed up by saying, “You don't actually believe this shit do you?” while Samuel L. Jackson added, “What's Quentin going to do with himself if he's not doing this?” But the director replied that he's serious about his intentions. Tarantino has spoken at length about his plans for retirement in the past, citing his desire to ensure that his filmography is pristine. Indeed, there's no such thing as a “bad” Quentin Tarantino film, and while I'll certainly be sad if he only makes three more movies, I can certainly respect his decision.
With regards to The Hateful Eight, though, the full cast was recently set, and some members were in attendance at AFM to help find the right international buyers for the Western. Speaking about his filmic inspirations for telling a story about a group of outlaws who are forced to hole up together during a snowstorm, Tarantino cited some surprising examples given his disdain for all things video/digital:
“It's less inspired by one Western movie than by Bonanza, The Virginians, High Chaparral,” Tarantino said. “Twice per season, those shows would have an episode where a bunch of outlaws would take the lead characters hostage. They would come to the Ponderosa and hold everybody hostage, or to go Judge Garth's place–Lee J. Cobb played him–in The Virginians, and take hostages. There would be a guest star like David Carradine, Darren McGavin, Claude Akins, Robert Culp, Charles Bronson or James Coburn. I don't like that storyline in a modern context, but I love it in a Western where you would pass halfway through the show to find out if they were good or bad guys, and they all had a past that was revealed. “I thought, what if I did a movie starring nothing but those characters? No heroes, no Michael Landons. Just a bunch of nefarious guys in a room, all telling backstories that may or may not be true. Trap those guys together in a room with a blizzard outside, give them guns, and see what happens.”
Tarantino being Tarantino, he also took the opportunity to make some digs at digital, saying he wanted to find a way to put film back into the conversation:
“I thought, how can I make them show [the beauty of] film? Well, I can shoot in 70 mm and leave them asking, what's the point of showing it any other way? I had a plan and asked the Weinsteins to tell me how it could be realized. Now that film has become endangered, and the theatrical experience is becoming more and a more throwaway, what we could do was go back to the 60s style, when there were big road show productions of big films like The Sand Pebbles, Mutiny On The County, Battle Of The Bulge, or It's A Mad, Mad Mad Mad World. There would be an exclusive engagement in 70 mm in a big theater or opera house that would play for a month. It felt like a night at the theater or the symphony. Then they would cut it down and it would show up at the theaters and the drive ins, near you.”
It sounds like Tarantino will be taking a similar route to Christopher Nolan's release plans for Interstellar, which saw 70mm and 35mm showings starting days before the digital rollout. The filmmaker said he and cinematographer Bob Richardson have been working closely with Panavision to ensure that The Hateful Eight will be very, very big:
“Panavision is not only behind this movie, they look at it as a legacy. They are inventing a lot of the stuff we need, and this is being supervised by my three-time Oscar winning cinematographer Bob Richardson, who's back with me and after Kill Bill, Inglourious Basterds and Django Unchained. I couldn't do this if he wasn't in my corner. He went to Panavision to check out lenses for this big Sherman Tank of a camera he'll use. He goes into the warehouse room and sees all these big crazy lenses. He asks, what are those? It was the ultra-Panavision lenses that haven't been used since How The West Was Won, Mutiny on the Bounty, Battle Of The Bulge and It's A Mad Mad World, which were all bigger than the normal 70 mm.
Tarantino expanded upon the technical aspects of the Hateful Eight shoots, saying they're shooting with lenses that haven't been used for years:
If the normal scope is 235, this is 278, the widest frame possible on film. The projectors need a decoder, an adapter, to blow it out that way. That's why Mad Mad World, Battle Of The Bulge and Ice Station Zebra look the way they do. The last movie to use these lenses was Khartoum with Charlton Heston and Laurence Olivier. We're using those lenses for this movie. We've been testing them the last month and everything is A-ok. They look amazing. We are literally coming out with the biggest wide screen movie shot in the last 40 years.”
This is all incredibly exciting stuff, and my hope is that at least some of the theaters that installed film projectors for Nolan's Interstellar will leave them in place for The Hateful Eight, which is set to be released later next year. But ultimately, I'm not very optimistic. Theater owners have shown a complete disinterest in sticking with film projection even with objections from filmmakers like Nolan and Steven Spielberg, and now that nearly all movies are shot digitally, it makes financial sense for theaters to simply project everything on digital as well. The Hateful Eight‘s release is still a year away so I'll be very curious to see how the exhibitors handle its distribution.
MEMPHIS — Kentucky senior Dominique Hawkins knows his career at Kentucky is winding down. He just doesn't want it to end this weekend.
“I believe we can reach the national championship game,” Hawkins said. “I haven't been thinking about (my career coming to and end) lately. It's been been a fun ride. I love this team and we have a great brotherhood going on.”
Hawkins, who scored 11 points and tied a career-high with three 3-pointers in Kentucky's 86-75 win over UCLA Friday night, is looking forward to the team's showdown against top-seeded North Carolina in the South Region finals Sunday at FedExForum.
“It's going to be a good game tomorrow,” Hawkins said. “We know we're going to see an excellent team and we know they rebound the ball.”
Hawkins thinks rebounding will be a key for the Wildcats in the region showdown between the two teams. The Wildcats defeated North Carolina 103-100 earlier this season in Las Vegas.
“Rebounding is exactly the key,” Hawkins said. “They're the best rebounding team in the country and we've got to find out a way to stop their strengths. We're just going to come out and play to the next of our abilities and hopefully advance.”
Hawkins also is hopeful teammate Malik Monk can get the hot-hand like he did in the first outing between the two teams. Monk scored a career-high 47 points against the Tar Heels, a performance that baffled North Carolina coach Roy Williams.
“Usually people don't get 47 points every night,” Hawkins said. “Hopefully he does have a good game. We do rely on him scoring a lot of points for us.”
Hawkins named Kentucky's Mr. Basketball after leading Madison Central High School to the state championship in 2013, is pleased his hometown is cheering him on during the last phase of his career with the Wildcats.
“I'm blessed to have fan support like that,” he said. “They mean the world to me and it's my hometown. I always love it when I go back (home) because everybody just supports me and they (always) ask me if I'm having a good day and how (basketball) is going. To be able to play in these last few games, I feel like I'm playing for them.”
Today MIDiA Consulting is proud to announce the publication of an important new report: The Death of the Long Tail: The Superstar Music Economy. The report is available free of charge to Music Industry Blog subscribers. (If you are not yet a subscriber to this blog simply enter your email address in the box on the right hand column of the home page.)
The 21st century decline in recorded music revenues continues to send shockwaves throughout the music industry and although there are encouraging signs of digital-driven growth, the impact on artists is less straightforward. Total global artist income from recorded music in 2013 was $2.8 billion, down from $3.8 billion in 2000 but up slightly on 2012. Meanwhile artists' share of total income grew from 14% in 2000 to 17% in 2013. But the story is far from uniform across the artist community.
The Superstar Artist Economy
The music industry is a Superstar economy, that is to say a very small share of the total artists and works account for a disproportionately large share of all revenues. This is not a Pareto's Law type 80/20 distribution but something much more dramatic: the top 1% account for 77% of all artist recorded music income (see figure).
The concept of the long tail seemed like a useful way of understanding how consumers interact with content in digital contexts, and for a while looked like the roadmap for an exciting era of digital content. Intuitively the democratization of access to music – both on the supply and demand sides – coupled with vastness of digital music catalogues should have translated into a dilution of the Superstar economy effect. Instead the marketplace has shown us that humans are just as much wandering sheep in need of herding online as they are offline.
In fact digital music services have actually intensified the Superstar concentration, not lessened it (see figure). The top 1% account for 75% of CD revenues but 79% of subscription revenue. This counterintuitive trend is driven by two key factors: a) smaller amount of ‘front end' display for digital services – especially on mobile devices – and b) by consumers being overwhelmed by a Tyranny of Choice in which excessive choice actual hinders discovery.
Ultimately it is the relatively niche group of engaged music aficionados that have most interest in discovering as diverse a range of music as possible. Most mainstream consumers want leading by the hand to the very top slither of music catalogue. This is why radio has held its own for so long and why curated and programmed music services are so important for engaging the masses with digital.
Music has always been a Superstar economy and there will always be winners and losers in music sales, with the big winners winning really big. Over time the improved discovery and programming in digital music services should push the needle for the remainder artist tier but a) it will not happen over night and b) it will still have a finite amount of impact.
The Catalogue Size Arms Race
Matters are worsened by the music services' catalogue arms race which has become entirely detrimental to consumers' digital music experiences. Action needs taking urgently to make sense of 25 million songs, not just through discovery and editorial, but also by taking the brave decision to keep certain types of content, such as sound-alikes, outside of music services' main functionality.
Until labels, distributors and artists come too together to fix the issue of digital catalogue pollution – sound alikes and karaoke especially – the Tyranny of Choice will reign supreme, hiding 99% of artists under a pervasive shroud of obscurity and giving the Superstars another free lap of the track.
Year 1 of the Darrell Hazell era at Purdue didn't inspire hope for a return to the Joe Tiller days. The Boilermakers went through decades of losing before Tiller arrived in the 1990s, recruited Drew Brees and took Purdue to the Rose Bowl.
Before Tiller rescued the moribund program, Purdue had appeared in just five bowl games in its history. In the past 17 seasons, the Boilermakers have been bowling 12 times, including the Granddaddy of ‘Em All and three other New Year's Day extravaganzas.
But the past two seasons have resulted in a combined record of 7-18 without a sniff of the postseason. The Boilermakers bottomed out last year – Hazell's first – by going 0-8 in the Big Ten and only winning once overall, against FCS foe Indiana State. It was Purdue's worst season in two decades.
Despite the horror story, there's optimism in West Lafayette as the school year winds down. There are significant questions on both sides of the ball, especially quarterback and offensive line. But that didn't stop Hazell from seeing progress during spring practice.
“The biggest thing is that we came out healthy,” a happy Hazell said post-spring. “Our guy's concentration and willingness to listen and get better each and every practice, I can't be more proud than I am of this football team right now.”
Live it. Learn it. Love it. That became Purdue's mantra this spring. And, according to Hazell, the abided by it. He noticed changed attitudes and a far different level of play compared to his first spring.
“The big difference is how well they run to the ball,” Hazell said. “I also think they are playing a lot more confident right now. Maybe that's because they are one year into the scheme and the system. Maybe it is because they feel better about themselves and about the coaching staff. They are playing a lot more relaxed and are making a lot more plays than they did at this time last year.”
Any visions of Pasadena – or any bowl for that matter – are premature, though. The spring game featured sluggish offenses and an underwhelming offensive line that must improve drastically before it faces the Big Ten's overpowering defensive units.
Purdue's schedule is more navigable this season, with three soft non-conference games and no Ohio State, Michigan or Penn State. But a 12-7 final score led fans of opposing teams to mock the Boilermakers. Sophomore quarterback Danny Etling paid little attention to detractors.
2014 Purdue Schedule Aug. 30 Western Michigan Sept. 6 Central Michigan Sept. 13 at Notre Dame Sept. 20 Southern Illinois Sept. 27 Iowa Oct.4 at Illinois Oct.11 Michigan State Oct.18 at Minnesota Oct. 25 Off Week Nov. 1 at Nebraska Nov. 8 Wisconsin Nov. 15 Off Week Nov. 22 Northwestern Nov. 29 at Indiana
As a true freshman, Etling was thrust into the starting quarterback job midway through the season. Purdue didn't win a single game he started, but Etling completed over 55 percent of his passes and tossed 10 touchdowns against seven interceptions in eight games. He averaged more than 200 yards passing per game.
But the spring game gave way to David Blough, a true freshman Texan who is aiming to be another Brees. He outplayed both Etling and Austin Appleby, providing the offensive highlight of the day with a 41-yard touchdown pass. Still, Etling left the spring as the favorite to start the season opener against Western Michigan. And he exited with confidence in the players around him.
Said Etling: “The offensive line has gotten better and better. Raheem Mostert has been running downhill better and better. The receivers have done better blocking downfield and blocking for each other. The quarterbacks are doing a good job distributing the ball and making defenses try to defend the whole field.”
Taking pressure off the quarterbacks is the senior-laden backfield of Mostert and Akeem Hunt. Mostert's played sparingly in three seasons, but averages more than five yards per carry. Hunt owns over 1,500 yards of offense and nine touchdowns.
Neither was particularly successful in a spring game dominated by the defense. Defensive end Ryan Russell recorded 11 tackles, 3.5 tackles for loss and a forced fumble. He spent more time in the backfield than Mostert and Hunt.
“It was a good spring for me, just putting everything together,” Russell said. “Having another year with this coaching staff has been great for everybody. Just concentrating on the small details for me has been very good and helped me fine tune my game some more.”
The coming season could give way to Russell becoming a household name in the Big Ten. He's the clear leader of the Boilermaker defense and is next in line after Ryan Kerrigan and Kawann Short – Purdue defensive linemen who excelled and climbed up NFL draft boards.
“We challenged him going into this spring and he has responded well,” Hazell said. “He needs to be an impact player for us in the fall. If he can do that, that'll be huge for us because if you can get a one-on-one pass rusher in your front line then you have some great things going on.”
Russell is no stranger to expectations and is well versed on Purdue's recent history of churning out accomplished defensive ends. Much of the season could feature mismatches for Russell, which could give Purdue an edge defensively. He commented on how the game's as much mental as physical.
After the spring game, chances are he and fellow defenders are in a positive state of mind. The Boilermakers tallied 10 tackles for loss, seven sacks, two interceptions and two forced fumbles.
“Going up against [Russell] every single day in practice, you get tired of him always in the backfield. He's going to be a great player for us this season,” Etling said. “I think his motor is just going two-fold since last season.
“I feel sorry for any other quarterback who has to go against him.”
But opponents might welcome a matchup with Etling.
There are many things I care about as an activist, among which are abortion rights, racial and economic justice, sex workers' rights, prison abolition, queer and trans liberation, disability justice, and sexual freedom. These issues didn't just come to fruition: we fought for them before Trump's candidacy and we'll continue to fight for them throughout and after his presidency.
After the election, however, something else came to mind: sex toys. More specifically, advocating for sex toys, which in turn means fighting for sexual rights, sexual freedom, and for everyone to be able to express themselves sexually however they desire.
Advocating for various ethical and equitable issues around sex toys isn't a novel concept. Every day, sex educators and bloggers fight for safe sex toy materials, financial accessibility of sex toys, geographic availability of ethical sex shops, and more diversity in sex toy advertising, among a host of other things. Further, sex toys are a part of sexual freedom, so they are already included in some of the movements mentioned above. However, sex toys themselves, both as their own entities and as existing within the sexual freedom framework, are now on the top of my priority list.
What's in Store for Sex Toys Under a Trump/Pence Administration?
Talking openly and radically about sex toys, sexual pleasure, and desire has never been easy or welcomed with open arms, but in my experience, it's gotten at least a little bit easier in the past few years. Sex toys are popping up in TV shows left and right and being written about in large, mainstream news outlets. When I tell a new acquaintance I'm a sex blogger, the first thing they usually want to talk about is sex toys. It's not unusual to overhear a conversation about sex toys in your favorite coffee shop or on the metro. Cultural attitudes about sex toys seem to be shifting.
But I'm worried the sex toy tides are going to turn again under Donald Trump and Mike Pence's administration.
We know what happens when sexual and reproductive rights take a backseat to ultra-conservative fear-mongering: abortion rights erode, comprehensive sex education dissolves, and sex is suddenly the root of all evil. Under Trump's presidency, people may be afraid to continue to voice their desires and seek education about sex, sex toys, and sexual exploration.
Sex Toys Are Too Important to Be Left Behind
Sex toys are tools for sexual expression, pleasure, survival, and exploration. Because sex toys are a part of sexual freedom and sexual rights, they play an inherent role in advocating for human rights more broadly. We cannot afford to backpedal on the progress the sexual freedom movement has made to make sex toys more acceptable in the mainstream.
If you need evidence of sex toys' critical role in many people's lives, the stories are easy to find. For me, sex toys are central to my healing process as an abuse survivor. For Kate, sex toys are valid and transformative whether being used alone or with a partner. For Lilly, orgasm can be a necessary boost of good hormones, and vibrators are vital. For Ruby, sex toys have helped to reduce sexual trauma triggers and reconnect with touch in a positive way. And for Insert Trans Here, wands help her enjoy her sexuality.
It's clear that sex toys are not only symbols of the sexual freedom movement, but are a crucial, intimate part of our everyday lives. We must not let them be relegated to the shadows again.
What Can We Do Now?
I'm not going to solely advise that you support sex bloggers and writers throughout the next few years. We'll be here. I want you to support yourself, believe in your power, and join others in countering attacks on sexual freedom. Here are a few ideas.
Link up with local, state, and national organizations doing sexual freedom work. Woodhull Freedom Foundation, Sex Workers Outreach Project, and the National Network of Abortion Funds are great places to start. If you're not sure of the organizations in your area but want to get involved, email me. I've worked in the progressive movement for six years and can point you in the right direction.
Woodhull Freedom Foundation, Sex Workers Outreach Project, and the National Network of Abortion Funds are great places to start. If you're not sure of the organizations in your area but want to get involved, email me. I've worked in the progressive movement for six years and can point you in the right direction. Write. Have sex toys made an impact on your life? Write about it. You don't need to have a blog to make a difference: it's easy to write a story on Medium, pitch a feminist publication, or share your experiences through a series of tweets.
Have sex toys made an impact on your life? Write about it. You don't need to have a blog to make a difference: it's easy to write a story on Medium, pitch a feminist publication, or share your experiences through a series of tweets. Support ethical, equitable, feminist sex shops. Whether online or brick-or-mortar, feminist shops are on the front lines of the battle against pleasure, and they deserve your business. If you're looking to shop online, check out SheVibe and Vibrant. If you're looking for a local store, check out JoEllen Notte's list of Superhero Sex Shops.
Whether online or brick-or-mortar, feminist shops are on the front lines of the battle against pleasure, and they deserve your business. If you're looking to shop online, check out SheVibe and Vibrant. If you're looking for a local store, check out JoEllen Notte's list of Superhero Sex Shops. Fight for inclusive, comprehensive sex education where you live. Advocating for policy on the federal level is important, but so is advocacy on the local and state level. That's where we build power. Research what sex education is like in your local school district, and see if you can join any existing groups that advocate for sex ed where you live. If no group exists, create one yourself! You could even run for school board!
Advocating for policy on the federal level is important, but so is advocacy on the local and state level. That's where we build power. Research what sex education is like in your local school district, and see if you can join any existing groups that advocate for sex ed where you live. If no group exists, create one yourself! You could even run for school board! Get loud and organize. If you feel safe to do so, speak up, and encourage others to raise their voices too. Gather your neighbors for a community workshop on safe sex toy materials. Start a blog. Create a DIY zine about sex toys and distribute it at your college or university. Attend a rally about sexual rights, or organize your own. Do what you can to advance sexual freedom in your community.
Together, we will resist and defend.
For the past year I've been producing Character Models under the "Infinity PBR" name for the Unity Asset Store. I've hired some talented artists who do the modeling, most texturing, and then animating & audio. I do the texture customization and Unity integration myself.I've been spending my savings to finance all this, and sales in the Unity Asset Store have been less than I expected. Some characters have broken even, and at least one has made a profit, which is nice.I've set up this Pateron page for completed characters. This way, you get a great discount on new work I produce, and I get a guaranteed budget to work with. A complete character (Modeling, Animation & Audio) costs anywhere from $1000-$4000 based on the complexity of the character. At $25/completed character,If I'm able to get enough of a budget, I'll be able to hire more artists and create more work faster. Also, anyone here can VOTE on what I'll be making next, so that's helpful right??
We're the last to judge anyone for making a Starbucks run. But if you're in search of something out-of-the-box outside of the Loop, there are dozens of local coffee shop options to choose from in Houston's suburbs. Below, 10 of our favorite non-chain options:
I don't know about you, but I'm really feelin' a good latte today. A post shared by Jane and John Dough Bakery (@janeandjohndough) on Jul 3, 2017 at 6:13am PDT
Tomball: Jane and John Dough Bakery
Located in Old Town Tomball, Jane and John Dough Bakery is the perfect stop for those who crave coffee as well as fresh-baked goods and a mouth-watering selection of breakfast foods. The bakery uses beans from Portland-based Stumptown Coffee Roasters and offers treats such as their peaches-and-cream coffee cake and the duffin: a doughnut a disguised as muffin coated with cinnamon. The laid-back atmosphere and the comfortable vibes make it a coffee house that attracts regulars and coffee-crawlers alike.
Biscuit and brew. #wakeywakey #saturdaymorning #coffeetime A post shared by Momentum Coffee (@momentum.coffee) on Jun 10, 2017 at 8:27am PDT
Spring: Momentum Coffee
Momentum Coffee gives customers a casual sipping experience, offering coffee staples such as cold brew coffee and new summer selections like the Sucker Punch—a sweeter twist on an Arnold Palmer—and Vietnamese iced coffee which are ideal for beating the Houston heat. The shop's clean and sleek design make it an inviting space for guests to sit down, relax and savor a freshly brewed beverage.
#conroecoffee #conroetexas #conroetx #conroe #freshmade #yummylicious #getinhere A post shared by Conroe Coffee (@coffeeconroe) on Jun 19, 2017 at 5:16am PDT
Conroe: Conroe Coffee
Offering unique beverages like the Milky Way Latte and Toffee Caramel Latte, Conroe Coffee is guaranteed to give locals a new take on caffeinated favorites. The funky atmosphere is the perfect place to chill out and relax over a nice cup a joe without too much hustle and bustle.
Humble: Javalope Coffee
A local establishment dedicated to preserving memories through coffee, Javalope Coffee gives locals coffee that is thoughtfully created and locally crafted. Javalope sells handcrafted roasted blends such as “Fancy Jack”—a house favorite with a hazelnut taste—and Blitz Hase, for those who favor dark roast and bolder flavor.
Pasadena: Sycamore Grounds Coffee
Sycamore Grounds Coffee House provides a relaxing space for visitors to sip on their coffee and enjoy enticing refreshments like almond bars and vegan raspberry bars that are likely to keep them returning for more. The welcoming ambiance, along with the artfully created lattes, makes the coffee house great for studying or just hanging out with a group of friends.
Our Chai Lattes are so good you'll high-five us. A post shared by Pearland Coffee Roasters (@pearlandcoffee) on Sep 14, 2016 at 1:18pm PDT
Pearland: Pearland Coffee Roasters
In addition to serving coffee and other specialty beverages, Pearland Coffee Roasters also offers their own ground coffee for customers to purchase such as their Original Black Star Blend and Costa Rica Hacienda Sonora Red Catuai. There's no shortage of great drinks to try with selections like the miel latte, green tea latte and blueberry red iced tea.
Pearland: The Drink Station
The Drink Station opened its first location in Pearland in 2008 and has since opened two locations in surrounding Houston areas. Not only does it serve coffee but other beverages as well, giving customers an array of options to choose from including milk teas and energy boosting smoothies. Adamant on using non-GMO sugar and quality ingredients, Drink Station offers locals healthy beverages, but without skimping on the attention to taste.
Let's welcome the weekend! Dandelion Café is ready to pour those lattes. A post shared by Dandelion Café (@dandelionhouston) on Jun 9, 2017 at 5:15am PDT
Bellaire: Dandelion Café
Freshly made food plus locally sourced sweets equals a delightful experience at Dandelion Café, located just off Bellaire Boulevard. From the house-made chai to the scrumptious pastries from local eatery Cake & Bacon, Dandelion Café is the perfect stop for Bellaire residents and visitors looking for a quick bite to eat or a quality cup of coffee.
Sugar Land: Anonymous Café
Anonymous Café offers both gourmet coffee and authentic Greek food. With their made-from-scratch pastries, savory dishes and dependable coffee options, this cute Bellaire cafe could be the something new you need in your life.
Richmond: Blockhouse Coffee & Kitchen
Blockhouse Coffee & Kitchen caters to coffee fanatics and those willing to try something different. An establishment that runs on locally sourced coffee and goods, Blockhouse gives customers selections that are focused on fresh flavors. There's an array of drinks to choose from, including loose-leaf teas and fresh pourover coffee. If you desire something sweet, Blockhouse also offers house-made chocolate chip cookies and sugary delights from local businesses such as Mon Chou Sweets, Bare Bakery and Cake & Bacon.
Wednesday, 30 Jul, 2008 Science
Scientists consider that by analyzing the techniques used by bumblebees when they search for food, could be helpful in tracking down serial killers.
According to a team of scientists from the University of London, killers avoid any victims near their homes just like bumblebees forage away from the place their live. Such "geographic profiling" is working quite well in bees, which is why scientists believe that future experiments on bees could significantly improve crime-solving. The work of the team is presented in the Royal Society journal Interface.
"We're really hopeful that we can improve the model for criminology," said Dr Nigel Raine, from Queen Mary, University of London (QMUL).
Dr Raine is currently working together with Steve Le Comber and a former detective in the United States, Kim Rossmo. They tag bumblebees with small colored numbers and then track their way from the nests to the flower patches.
The team's analysis characterizes the way bees produce a "buffer zone" around their hive. This is the area where they will not forage. The buffer zone is created with the goal of lowering the risk of nest identification by predators and parasites. Such behavior resembles the geographic profile of serial killers stalking their victims.
"Most murders happen close to the killer's home, but not in the area directly surrounding a criminal's house, where crimes are less likely to be committed because of the fear of getting caught by someone they know," explained Dr Raine.
The models used by criminologists will focus on details linked with crime scenes, places where robberies occurred, abandoned cars and even dead bodies, in order to improve the search for a suspect.
"Bees have much simpler brains and so understanding how bees are recruited to flowers is much easier than understanding the complex thoughts of a serial murderer," mentioned Dr Raine.
In a broader research the team looks forward to understanding the way one of the most recognizable animals in nature carry on with its daily business.
"Bees are hugely important to ecosystems and also important to humans. Bees' pollination 'services' account for about one in three mouthfuls of food that we eat as humans. They pollinate a huge diversity of our fruit and vegetable crops. If we don't know how bees forage then we don't really understand pollination, and that is quite detrimental to how we feed ourselves; which is becoming an increasing problem with bigger populations," said Dr Raine.
Every movement of the bees is monitored. The team tracks the movements with the help of small Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tags, which are commonly used to monitor stock in warehouses or supermarkets. Researchers glue the tags to the back of the bees and then analyze the way they move in and out of their hive.
Source: BBC News
Powered by www.infoniac.com
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is quietly expanding the number of intelligence officers in Iraq and holding urgent meetings in Washington and Baghdad to find ways to counter growing violence by Islamic militants, U.S. government sources said.
A high-level Pentagon team is now in Iraq to assess possible assistance for Iraqi forces in their fight against radical jihadists from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), a group reconstituted from an earlier incarnation of al Qaeda, said two current government officials and one former U.S. official familiar with the matter.
The powerful ISIL, which seeks to impose strict sharia law in the Sunni majority populated regions of Iraq, now boasts territorial influence stretching from Iraq's western Anbar province to northern Syria, operating in some areas close to Baghdad, say U.S. officials.
Senior U.S. policy officials, known as the “Deputies Committee,” met in Washington this week to discuss possible responses to the deteriorating security outlook in Iraq, said a government source, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject matter.
The source did not know the outcome of the meeting.
White House spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan declined to comment.
The meetings underscore how Iraq's instability is posing a new foreign policy challenge for President Barack Obama, who celebrated the withdrawal of U.S. troops more than two years ago. Despite the concern, officials said it remains unclear whether Obama will commit significant new resources to the conflict.
Four months after Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki declared war on Sunni militants in Iraq's western Anbar province, the fighting has descended into brutal atrocities, often caught on video and in photographs by both militants and Iraqi soldiers.
Iraqi soldiers say they are bogged down in a slow, vicious fight with ISIL and other Sunni factions in the city of Ramadi and around nearby Falluja.
LIMITED OPTIONS
One former and two current U.S. security officials said the number of U.S. intelligence personnel in Baghdad had already begun to rise but that the numbers remained relatively small.
“It's more than before, but not really a lot,” said one former official with knowledge of the matter.
Much of the pressure to do more is coming from the U.S. military, the former official said, but it is unclear if the White House wants to get more deeply involved.
After ending nearly nine years of war in Iraq, the United States has limited military options inside the country. About 100 U.S. military personnel remain, overseeing weapons sales and cooperation with Iraqi security forces.
The U.S. government has rushed nearly 100 Hellfire missiles, M4 rifles, surveillance drones and 14 million rounds of ammunition to the Iraqi military since January, U.S. officials said. The Obama administration has also started training Iraqi special forces in neighboring Jordan.
Before the U.S. military withdrew, it trained, equipped and conducted operations with Iraqi special forces.
Staff from the Pentagon's Central Command are working closely with the Iraqi military but have advised it against launching major operations due to concerns Iraqi forces are not prepared for such campaigns, the former U.S. official said.
In Anbar, militants have a major presence in Falluja, while in Ramadi there is a stalemate, with territory divided among Iraqi government forces, ISIL and other Sunni armed groups.
In testimony before the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee in February, Brett McGurk, the State Department's top official on Iraq, described how convoys of up to 100 trucks, mounted with heavy weapons and flying al Qaeda flags, moved into Ramadi and Falluja on New Year's Day.
Local forces in Ramadi subsequently succeeded in pushing militants back, but the situation in Falluja remained “far more serious,” McGurk said.
Coming Soon
Wonderland
Just out of prison and investigating a twisted murder, Spenser is sucked back into Boston's underbelly. Based on the popular books; Mark Wahlberg stars.
Shadow and Bone
Sinister forces plot against a young soldier when she reveals a magical power that might unite her world. Based on Leigh Bardugo's Grishaverse novels.
Huck
Huck uses his special gifts to do good deeds, but when his secret is revealed, he winds up on a life-changing adventure. Based on Mark Millar's comics.
My Father's Dragon
Based on the Newbery-winning children's books, this animated film follows a young boy who runs away to an island to rescue and befriend a baby dragon.
Mr. Iglesias
Stand-up phenom Gabriel Iglesias stars in this series as a good-natured high school history teacher who tries to help gifted misfit kids.
Black Moon
In 17th century Italy, a teenage midwife accused of witchcraft must choose between a star-crossed love and fulfilling her powerful destiny.
Queer Eye: We're in Japan!
The Fab Five bring their message of self-care and compassion to four Japanese men and women while exploring the country's rich culture and cuisine.
Losers
In a "winning is everything" society, how do we handle failure? This series profiles athletes who have turned the agony of defeat into human triumph.
The future of Games Days and Games Workshop
Part 8 - b rief emergency stop in the 'grim present'
Follow us on Facebook !
we are usually VERY well informed when it comes to insider
GW-information (if you know what I mean,... *cough*).
Surprise, surprise,...
Newsflash: After peaking at over 810 pence per share in October, Games Workshop's stock market value dropped sharply by 24% today , following their : After peaking at over 810 pence per share in October,, following their release of half-year numbers . Turnover (that is sales, people) is down 12% from last year.
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
How is that possible? I mean after all, GW increased prices so much! How can sales be down? That makes no sense, does it? Well, not to the GW Management it doesn't...
Someone should have told them about the error of their ways....
...not!
Don't say, I didn't tell you Games Workshop! I point at you, going 'HAHA!' while I weep for the hobby and the community.
Articles like the ones we wrote about the Future of Games Days and Games Workshop even got us not one, but two nominations in the Wamp awards for 2013 ! Over one-hundred-thousand views on our epic wall-of-text-venting-my-frustration series prove that people are concerned about what the GW management is doing - and the Bubble Boys still dance naked in black snow of Nottingham Forrest...
Read up, if you don't know what we are talking about. Oh, and grab some cheeze with our whine and grab a towel for the tears. Make it a large one - you'll need it:
Elasticity without bounce?
Seem Games Workshop has finally found the ' price-elasticity ' of their products - or rather as I would like to call it "the point of no return". Why that? I don't think GW will be able to recover from this.
The long awaited downward trend has begun and the management is too immobile and too set in their ways to recognize what the frakk is going on. They have proven that time and time again. FIAL.
As I wrote earlier this year, I thought that at over 700 pence the stock was already too expensive, even though it went on to new heights beyond 800 in October.
Well, inb4 reality check:
StockMarketWire.com - Games Workshop posts pre-tax profits of £7.7m for the six months to 1 December - down from £11.1m last time.
Revenues fell to £60.5m (£59.8m at constant currencies) from £67.5m a year ago and operating profits fell to £7.7m from £11.0m. [edit: that is -30% profit]
Chairman and acting chief executive Tom Kirby said: "Our costs are well under control and margins remain strong. Cash management is good and our capital expenditure continues as planned. Following the implementation of the structural changes just announced we expect to benefit from the more focussed selling operation across all channels against the background of a materially lower cost base."
More "focused selling operations" across all channels?
I already had planned to write another installment of our popular mini-series this weekend, as I have connected a few more dots between the tons of new rumors about Games Workshop that were floating around the Internet the last couple of weeks (the 'death' of Warhammer Fantasy, the desperate White Dwarf, Fusion of GW and FW websites to strengthen sales and so on)...
But this 'little' update - for obvious reasons - could not wait.
Obviously, GW was and is aware of the downward trend in sales for the last couple of months. If they know one thing, it's their numbers and their precious KPIs. That explains some of the hectic changes we will see in the next couple of weeks: Obvious increasingly panicked attempts to increase sales are obvious.
The big meeting of the "black shirts" in Nottingham next month will confirm some of the above rumors. And it's not going to fix GW's problems.
And as far as the "more focused selling operations are concerned": I don't see it, Tom. I really don't. I don't see your stock rebound much (except for maybe some technical reaction), and I see it much lower in 6 months time than it is today.
Take a step back, Tom, and think about something you mentioned in some of the early 2000 s shareholder reports. "The problem is us!" See? You already know what's wrong. The community and I personally would offer advise and counselling but then again, we all know you wouldn't even consider taking it... Oh well.
Coming to an Internet near you this weekend:
The Crystal Balls of Galactic President Zaphod Beeblebrox - Part 9
Prepare yourself for part 9 of our epic series - as planned, I will write it this weekend (because I really don't have time today :P).
In the meantime don't let anyone tell you that it doesn't matter that GW's share price dropped.
SHARE & ENJOY
Chris Wakelin says Toronto Blue Jays GM Alex Anthopoulos should be the employee of the year at Rogers Communications Inc.
Wakelin said the recent success of the Blue Jays, who are vying with the New York Yankees for a division title, is the only thing keeping him a cable TV subscriber.
“If the Blue Jays weren't doing as well as they were and I didn't want to watch them every night, I'd probably cut the cord,” he said.
Rogers co-owns the Blue Jays, and it offers many of their games on its cable-only Sportsnet channels.
Wakelin gets his baseball fix through a cable package that he says costs him around $100 a month in a bundle with his cellphone and Internet services.
“I don't really watch live television anymore,” he said. “To me, it's just not worth $1,200 a year.”
Wakelin isn't the only one fed up with his TV bills.
According to a report from Ottawa research firm Boon Dog Professional Services Inc., Canadians are cutting the cord at an accelerating rate.
Canadian TV providers lost 113,000 subscribers in the first half of their fiscal years, compared with a loss of 19,200 in the same period in 2014.
Mario Mota, author of the report, said the numbers were still small relative to the 11.8 million TV subscribers across the country.
But he added that the trend is expected to continue as more consumers become aware of the options available to them through so-called over-the-top services, such as Netflix.
“It's still small in the grand scheme of things, but there seems to be more and more momentum,” he said.
Rogers, Shaw and BCE has fought back against the cord cutters, rolling out their own Internet-based on-demand streaming services that are also available to TV customers.
But Wakelin said accessing shomi, a partnership between Rogers and Shaw, is needlessly difficult on his cable box and far more finicky than using Netflix on his Sony Playstation.
He said cutting the cord is becoming easier than consumer technology companies like Sony bring out new products and online video alternatives continually update their wares.
“There are so many different options now that are far superior to what the cable companies are offering,” he said. “Using buttons to slowly navigate through ancient menus is a lot more difficult than using my iPhone.”
Apple itself has gotten into the TV game, adding voice control and an app store to its latest Apple TV set-top box that launched on Wednesday.
A long-rumoured streaming service similar to the company's music offering was nowhere to be found, yet Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company would open up its platform to streaming apps and new sources, such as Disney and Yahoo, adding thousands of hours of content to the device.
Broadcasting analyst Gerry Wall said the Apple TV launch shows that cord-cutters now have many different ways to get a whole new crop of TV shows, movies and videos, including originals from places like Yahoo and Netflix.
“The development of quality content has really exploded. It's incredible what we've seen in the past five years,” he said.
In March, the CRTC changed the rules so that TV providers will have to give their customers more flexibility in choosing the channels they want rather than the bundles offered now.
The so-called pick-and-pay system will come into effect in March 2016.
Wall said that giving customers more choice might help stem the tide of subscriber losses in the short term but won't change the fundamental shifts in the market brought about by on-demand services like Netflix.
“The new channel packages won't work for everybody, and there are lots of other ways to deliver,” he said.
Policing: The Dallas County Sheriff's Office gets an MRAP tactical military vehicle, used for counterinsurgency fighting in Iraq, as law enforcement becomes a collection of SWAT teams pursuing not-always-guilty Americans.
In early August, a SWAT team broke through the gates of a 3.5-acre farm in Arlington, Texas, that promotes a sustainable lifestyle and did a 10-hour search of the property. Residents were handcuffed and held at gunpoint as police looked for nonexistent marijuana plants and various city code violations.
As the owners watched, 10 tons of their private property was hauled off in trucks — dangerous items such as blackberry bushes, okra, tomatillo plants, native grasses and sunflowers that provided food and bedding for animals, everything from furniture to compost.
The city said the code citations were issued to the farm after complaints by neighbors "concerned that the conditions" at the farm "interfere with the useful enjoyment of their properties and are detrimental to property values and community appearance."
The SWAT raid came after "the Arlington Police Department received a number of complaints that the same property owner was cultivating marijuana plants on the premises," the city's statement said. So why not just knock on the door with a search warrant?
An Arlington spokeswoman said the raid was perfectly legal and appropriate. "The purpose was to improve the quality of life, to resolve safety issues within neighborhoods and to hold the property owner responsible for creating blight conditions on their property," she stated, not really explaining how this or even marijuana cultivation requires a SWAT team.
This is just one example of SWAT teams and SWAT-style tactics becoming the rule rather than the exception as police forces arm themselves with military gear. As such gear is used more frequently to carry out routine law-enforcement activities, Americans find themselves in increasingly dangerous and absurd situations.
In July, a no-kill animal shelter in Kenosha, Wis., was raided by nine Department of Natural Resources agents and four deputy sheriffs. The raid was prompted by tips that the shelter was home to a baby deer that had been separated from its mother.
In this context, we view with some concern the acquisition by the Dallas County sheriff's office of a military tactical vehicle known as the Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicle, courtesy of a Department of Defense surplus program.
The 19-ton, diesel-operated behemoth with bullet-proof doors and tires was built to survive improvised explosive devices, or IEDs, but will be used in the execution of warrants.
As John W. Whitehead of the Rutherford Institute points out, there were roughly 3,000 SWAT team-style raids in the U.S. in 1980. By 2001, that number had grown to 45,000 and has since swelled to more than 80,000 a year. On an average day in America, more than 100 Americans have their homes raided by SWAT teams.
We are law-and-order advocates but note with increasing concern that in recent years the Fourth Amendment regarding unreasonable search and seizure and even the Third Amendment about the forced quartering of government soldiers (including government police) have increasingly been cast aside.
Some might argue Dallas' MRAP was a wise and non-threatening purchase. After all, as the Dallas Observer wryly notes, "there's no telling when North Texas might descend into sectarian warfare and start planting IEDs along Riverfront Boulevard."
When Sally graduated from college, she had aspirations of finding a career in project management. And much to her delight, she landed a great position with a large, internationally-based consulting firm. In addition to billing out fresh college graduates at obscenely high rates, the company developed obscenely expensive software for large enterprises.
With the vast majority of the firm's software development being performed at the other end of the world, they relied heavily on teams at the client's site to define application requirements and act as the “face” for the offshore developers. Sally was hired to work on these types of teams and, and to her, it seemed like a perfect fit.
Soon after being brought on, Sally was given a thorough “onshoring” training course at the company's US headquarters. Basically, it was everything one needed to know to be a highly-paid consultant: proper protocol for communicating between the various groups, the importance of good documentation, and a crash course in project management best practices. Everything was a little bit rushed, but the instructors explained that everything was simply an overview – the real training would be learned on the job.
On the last day of training, Sally expected to receive her first assignment, but instead she returned home without any further direction. Naturally concerned, Sally called the HR representative who had hired her and asked when she might expect to be assigned to a client.
“Oh, that's because you've been temporarily benched,” explained her HR rep, “Don't worry though, really it should only be a week, tops!” The rep further explained that while on the bench, she would receive a full salary with benefits, and to think of it as a “paid vacation, minus the vacation part.” Sally was told to take advantage of the time to hone her skills and read up on some of the technologies that the company works with.
At first, it was complete bliss: getting paid to sleep in past 10am, getting paid to eat corn flakes, getting paid to watch Jerry Springer, and then getting paid to read “SAP Best Practices” at the local Starbucks. After the week had passed, Sally gave her rep a ring just to make sure that everything was ok and when she might expect her next assignment.
“We're working on it!” replied the cheery HR rep, “Things are kind of in a holding pattern ...recession, dontchaknow!” she chuckled under her breath.
Sally asked when she might want to touch base again but she received a curt, and almost cliché, “Don't call us, we'll call you.”
Skip ahead a year later when Sally's phone rings - it was the HR department of the company that she had received a steady stream of paychecks for the past 11 months and 22 days.
Turns out that a position at a client site had finally materialized...in Seattle...some thousand miles away.
Starting Monday.
Such a sudden and radical move wasn't something that Sally had expected, but at this point, any opportunity seemed better than baking an anniversary cake for her time sitting on the bench. So, after some quick negotiations of the wheres and whens, Sally packed her things, boarded a flight, and booked a nice hotel room nearby the client site where she could stay.
It wasn't either long before Sally realized that something was seriously amiss. As it turned out, some requirement was mistranslated by someone, and the client didn't actually need an off-shore liaison. No, they needed a mid-level experienced VB developer.
Of course, since both the client and the consulting firm turn around as fast as a battleship, it took two full months for the mess to be sorted out. All the while, Sally did exactly what she had done for the past year: nothing. The only difference was she had to continue living out of a hotel and report to the client's site every day.
Eventually, Sally was finally told to return home and await a new assignment. The HR rep promised her that they had a new, tentative assignment that was “right around the corner.” To this day, Sally is still waiting for that assignment and, of course, continuing to receive paychecks. But this time, she's spending her bench time brushing up on her job interviewing skills.
25 September 1926 – 12 January 2019
There are those amongst us who, through their words and actions, radiate strength, courage, compassion, and generosity, causing a positive ripple to spread across the communities they touch, increasing the good in the world, and casting light against the darkness. George Eugene Ball was such a man.
When I was a teenager, my parents would visit our grandparents, and on the way would drop my brother and I off at the University of Guelph library, where we would happily spend a Saturday or a Sunday pouring through the shelves of beetle and spider books, photocopying as many of them as we could. It was in this library that I discovered Ross Arnett's Beetles of the United States, and, inspired, purchased a copy of that tome. One chapter in particular captured my attention, about Carabidae, written by George E. Ball of the University of Alberta. As a 16-year-old, on 13 December 1974, I decided to reach out to Dr. Ball, in case he might be able to answer my queries about some of the ground beetles I was finding in southern Ontario. I wrote him a four-page letter, but did not expect a response – a famous professor would surely have more important things to do than write a teenager far across the country. To my great surprise and delight, a few weeks later I received an eight-page letter in response, answering my questions in detail, and providing me with the names and addresses of many other carabid systematists to whom I could write.
Decades later, when I wrote a letter telling George how profoundly his letter affected me, and how much it inspired me, and thanking him for it, he replied that the best way to thank him would be to respond similarly when a 16-year-old wrote me asking me questions about her or his favorite beetles.
This typified George. He was a man of principle, duty-bound to serve the causes he believed in, including the people who were part of his community. He would have viewed helping me as a necessity, as he was committed to educating youth and encouraging those who might engage in the honourable cause of discovering and documenting our planet's biodiversity.
George sought to deflect attention away from himself. He did not want to be viewed as a grand master, separate and above the rest of us. In later years he reluctantly allowed us to celebrate his achievements, not because he wanted to bask in the glory, but rather because it allowed him to see old friends and hear about their discoveries.
George was virtually egoless when it came to science. I remember once sitting with some fellow graduate students as George was explaining some entomological knowledge or systematic principles (I don't remember which), and at one point he just stopped, looked thoughtful for few seconds, and said, “Wait, why did I just say that? That isn't true at all”, and he then proceeded to correct himself. This was a profound message to those of us concerned about social standing: it told us that science required us to focus on honesty and the pursuit of knowledge, even if that meant proving ourselves wrong in public. We learned that science was not about us; our pursuit was bigger than any of us.
One of George's most important traits was his positivity toward others. He was almost always generous regarding others, and emphasized their better traits. He would not say anything negative about anyone in frustration or in spite, an inspiring demonstration for those of us not always so kind. Even in situations where it would be better to be honest about the negative traits about someone, he struggled to express them. To be at fault in this direction is vastly more preferable than the alternative.
One might think a man such as this would set such a daunting example that he would not inspire others, as he would be viewed as so distinct from the rest of us that we could not possibly follow his path. But George was humble, and that gave us a sense that we, too, could live by those principles. He was also not perfect, and did not hide his imperfections, and through those we could see his struggle, and what he had achieved by force of will; this led us to believe that we too could achieve our goals with honesty and hard work.
You will be missed, George, but the ripple of goodness and light that you created will continue to spread and amplify.
A couple weeks ago, I decided to sit down and learn how to do chaimaille. My friend Darlene is a chainmaille artist withÂ an Etsy shop, and I've had the privilege of watching her work on some chainmaille projects in person. Watching her work is what sparked my interest in trying chainmaille for myself. It's a fascinating art that can be challenging, but the results are beautiful. Today, I want to share some basic tips with you and show you how to make a very easy set of earrings. Even beginners can make these in just a few minutes!
Chainmaille 101
How to properly open a jump ring
The first and biggest lesson to learn if you're new to chainmaille (or jump rings) is that you're not trying to break out of prison. You want to bend the ring as little as possible and in the directions shown above. If you open your ring horizontally, or perpendicular to the way shown, you're weakening the metal of your ring. The more metal is bent, the weaker it gets. Keep that in mind on any chainmaille project. You can also check out more chainmaille tips and tricks here.
Easy Chainmaille Earrings
Supplies
2 earwires
6 large jump rings
8 small jump rings
two chainmaille pliers, available here
Directions
Begin by opening all six of your large rings. Grab one large, open ring and place two small rings and an ear wire onto it, as shown. Close the large ring.
Attach another large, open ring to the two small rings.
Holding your project as shown, pinching the first two small rings,Â add two more small rings to the open ring and close it.
Hook a final large ring onto the last two small rings and close it. One earring down!Â Repeat the whole process for your second earring.
I want to give a shout out to Chicago's Blue Buddha Boutique, who provided the supplies and its founder, Rebecca Mojica, who shared her design for this project with us. Tune in Wednesday for more chainmaille goodness!Â
Perhaps 15 yards isn't enough of a penalty on rough hits
Photo by Grant Halverson/Getty Images.
Last week, Patrick Chung (of my beloved New England Patriots) laid a vicious helmet-to-helmet hit on Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Cecil Shorts III during the final drive of a tight game. New England took a 15-yard penalty for the dirty hit, but Shorts was done for the day. A few plays later, Chung made the interception that ended the game.
Football has its hands full with the head-injury crisis, as every week brings more lawsuits and more damaged former stars. The NFL has instituted new medical regimens to protect concussed players, and made refs crack down on the most dangerous hits. But it hasn't considered an obvious step that would deter dirty play: a penalty box.
Like the NHL, pro football should force teams to play a man down after a flagrant foul—on top of the usual 15-yard penalty and automatic first down. There are a few ways a NFL penalty box could work: The penalized player could sit out until the next first down (which could be just a single play), or until the next change of possession, (which could be 15 plays), or a set number of plays. The NFL could even borrow the red card from soccer: Not only is the dirty player thrown out of the game, but his team plays a man short for the duration. This feels like a nuclear option to me, but if nothing short of it stopped this kind of hit, why not give it a try?
I'd stay non-nuclear at first though: Cut the team to 10 players on the field for a set number of plays, maybe two for a minor flagrant hit and five for a major one. As with an NHL power play, if the man-up team scored, the penalty would end.
The advantage of an extra man would be enormous in football. Most NFL offensive schemes are designed to achieve a man advantage in a particular part of the field. The penalty box would guarantee that advantage.
The penalty box would undoubtedly need tinkering. Would it work if the offensive team committed the flagrant hit and went a man down? Would it create a too-big advantage, requiring other rule adjustments? As the NHL icing rule is suspended during a penalty, would the NFL need to put in rules making the passing game tougher (tighter intentional grounding rules, or tweaks that make pass blocking harder, so quarterbacks have less time to target a downfield receiver)?
That kind of rebalancing toward the defense would probably have to be hashed out over several seasons, and it might get messy. It seems worth it, though, because the protections in place right now for receivers aren't working.
An RCMP computer specialist allegedly launched a cyberattack against the Quebec government earlier this year from a computer inside the House of Commons where he had a second job.
In a news release, the RCMP said Janvier Doyon-Tremblay, 28, "is believed to have performed a series of attacks on the Government of Quebec's main website on April 27, 2012."
The RCMP alleged that the attack disabled part of the provincial government's computer network for two days. A subsequent attack against Quebec government websites last May was claimed by the movement called Anonymous as retaliation for the crackdown on student strikes that paralyzed much of the province last spring.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Doyon-Tremblay has been charged with two counts of unauthorized use of computers and one count of mischief in relation to data under the Criminal Code. He is scheduled to appear in court on Nov. 26.
"While working at the House of Commons, [Mr. Doyon-Tremblay] allegedly hacked into the network and gained administrative privileges. He then would have proceeded with uploading a malicious program which would have targeted the Government of Quebec's main website," the RCMP said.
According to his Linkedin account, Mr. Doyon-Tremblay worked as a LAN administrator for the RCMP and as a support officer in the information technology department of the House of Commons at the time of his alleged attack.
He is no longer under contract with either organization, with the RCMP stating that it suspended him last May and ended his contract in July.
"Once the incident came to light, measures were taken in order to preserve the integrity and security of [the RCMP and the House of Commons computer] networks," the RCMP said.
Mr. Doyon-Tremblay has a degree in information technology from the Université du Québec en Outaouais, located in Gatineau, Que., and was recently working for the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council.
He could not be reached for comment. The RCMP did not reveal any reason for the alleged attack, and the Quebec government did not provide further details on the disturbance that it suffered.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The RCMP is hoping that the arrest will send a message to hackers that it has the ability to trace their nefarious activities.
"There is definitely an increase in computer crimes and they represent a real threat to Canada's critical infrastructure," said RCMP Sergeant Stéphane Turgeon in a statement. "The RCMP takes these threats seriously, as they can have a major impact on our economy and our institutions."
The Farmers and Graziers Association say the feral deer damage crops and property.
The Greens want feral deer added to the list of pest species in New South Wales.
Agriculture spokesperson Jeremy Buckingham said the party campaigned long and hard to have foxes included on the list and deer should also be declared a pest.
He said the State Government needed to get serious about controlling a species that was a massive risk to both the environment and agriculture.
"By declaring them a pest it means they have to come up with a management plan and they've got to put resources into controlling these animals," he said.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (4.30 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (4.30 MB)
Load more chevron right
"They are spreading, they have a massive impact on natural ecosystems, they can spread disease, they can devastate the natural environment."
Farmers Association wants a complete overhaul of pest control measures, including deer
The NSW Farmers Association agreed there was a problem with feral deer.
It wants to see a more strategic approach to all invasive pest species, both plants and animals.
NSW Farmers Association conservation and resource management committee chair Mitchell Clapham said he was concern about deer because of their potential to spread disease in the event of a major outbreak of things like foot and mouth.
"When we have such a large population of feral animals that can carry exotic diseases...if we did have an outbreak and it headed into the pest animal population, then we have a major problem that would absolutely decimate our grazing industries."
Mr Clapham said he was also concerned about how pests like deer are controlled on public lands.
"We need the same control measures and enforcement across the whole landscape."
Deer cause sleepless nights for apple grower
Towamba Valley apple grower Gary Kendall, from near Eden, said deer were causing widespread damage in his orchard.
Mr Kendall said he could see up to 20 at a time on his property.
"They'll come in and go right up the rows, plucking off the buds...and it takes two to three years before we actually get that fruit bud back again."
He said yields were dramatically affected.
"It's a major stress. I don't go to bed before one o'clock in the morning and I have to keep doing that every night." Gary Kendall, orchardist from the Towamba Valley near Eden in New South Wales
"No flower, no fruit!
"In the 17 years we've been here, we've lost tens of thousands of dollars."
Mr Kendall shoots deer to try and control numbers on his property.
"Normally if you get two you're doing pretty well because once the shot goes off they bolt."
The deer have also eaten his son's crop of beans.
Mr Kendall said the rules around hunting deer were crazy.
However, he said he did not think hunting was the solution.
"These are not game animals. They are a major farming pest.
"It's a major stress. I don't go to bed before one o'clock in the morning and I have to keep doing that every night."
Mr Kendall said he was also concerned for his wife's personal safety during the mating season.
He said deer have been known to kill some farmers in New Zealand.
"Basically, we have to have a rifle all the time ,so that whenever we see them we're prepared to shoot.
"I've had one stare me down...during the mating season and he was a very big stag, so I would be concerned if you turned your back on them."
When the Atlanta Falcons reached the Super Bowl this year, many media members and fans noticed the similarities between the Falcons' 2015 season to the Vikings' 2016 season. Both teams started 5-0, only to finish the season 8-8 and miss the playoffs. The Falcons reached the Super Bowl one year later, so it's easy to see why the Vikings have similar hopes for 2017.
But maybe a better comparison for the Vikings is from their own history. In 1972, the Vikings made a trade with the New York Giants to bring back 32-year-old quarterback Fran Tarkenton, who started his NFL career with the Vikings from 1961 to '66 before being traded and spending five seasons with the Giants.
The Vikings were coming off an 11-3 season in 1971, and many people thought that bringing back Tarkenton would turn the Vikings into Super Bowl contenders. It's similar to the way national and local media felt about the Vikings this season when they traded for Sam Bradford, started the season 5-0 and became early favorites to win the NFC.
Both the 1972 and the 2016 seasons didn't work out that way.
In 1972, the Vikings had a hot streak in the middle of the season where they won five of six games for a 6-4 record, but they stumbled after that, going 1-3 to finish 7-7 and in third place of the NFC Central.
Tarkenton had a fairly good year, throwing for 2,651 yards, 18 touchdowns and 13 interceptions. He completed 56.9 percent of his passes and finished with a 80.2 quarterback rating.
This season for the Vikings, Bradford was an extremely accurate passer if not entirely dominant. He finished with the highest completion rating in NFL history (71.6 percent) while throwing for 3,877 yards, 20 touchdowns and five interceptions for a 99.3 quarterback rating.
But while Bradford's season was a success, the Vikings' year was not. Much like those '72 Vikings, they also finished with a .500 record.
But if you look at the '73 seasons and how Tarkenton performed in his second year back with the Vikings, you can see how quickly a turnaround can happen when you have a quality quarterback.
The '73 Vikings drafted running back Chuck Foreman in the first round but didn't make any drastic changes to a team that already had a dominant defense.
Tarkenton was better in '73, throwing for 2,113 yards, 15 touchdowns and seven interceptions for a 93.2 passer rating and completing 61.7 percent of his passes. The Vikings jumped out to a 9-0 record, finished 12-2 overall and held opponents to 12 points per game. They reached the Super Bowl by beating Washington 27-20 at home and Dallas 27-10 at Texas Stadium.
They lost 24-7 in the Super Bowl to the Dolphins, Miami's second consecutive championship and third Super Bowl appearance in a row.
If the Vikings are looking for a team to model themselves after for 2017, it doesn't have to be the 2016 Falcons. The 1973 Vikings, who had an established, veteran quarterback in his second season with the team and one of the most dominant defenses in NFL history, is a clear and easy comparison.
They already have the most vital members of a strong defense assembled, and if Bradford can have similar success to what we saw from him this season, it's easy to believe the Vikings could be Super Bowl contenders next season.
Gophers' progress
Gophers athletic director Mark Coyle recently made an interesting point. For all the turmoil that has seemed to surround Gophers athletics, the university had actually won more Big Ten titles across all sports heading into the last fall semester than any other school in the conference with 17.
Meanwhile, the university is less than a year away from opening their $166 million Athletes Village, scheduled for January 2018. The Land O'Lakes Center for Excellence, which will be the center for academics and nutrition, is almost fully enclosed at this point and the frame of the indoor football practice facility has gone up.
The Minnesota Daily recently published a note that the university has finalized plans to tear down the grain elevators on the edge of campus and move the Recreation Sports Bubble and softball field to the corner of 25th Avenue SE and 6th Street SE. Opponents of the demolition have taken the issue to court and the case will be decided by April, but until then the university can go ahead with demolition. The cost to raze the elevators is just over $3 million. Moving the bubble will cost $6 million, and the new track and field, which will go in the bubble's former location, will cost roughly $13 million.
Next generation
Eden Prairie football coach Mike Grant has had several outstanding football players transfer to his school, but he probably is more excited about Benny Sapp III than any previous transfer. Sapp III, the son of former Vikings defensive back Benny Sapp who was living in Florida, recently committed to the Gophers.
Sapp III was a four-star recruit his sophomore season, then missed last year because of an injury to his anterior cruciate ligament. Sapp III had scholarship offers from schools such as Florida, Florida State, Alabama, Ohio State, Michigan, Michigan State and Miami, so he's a great get for new Gophers coach P.J. Fleck.
“I was in coach P.J. Fleck's office for probably an hour with my dad before I ended up committing,” Sapp III told the website GopherIllustrated. “We were in there talking about my dad, and [my father] asked for a private moment alone with Coach Fleck, just the two of them. And afterwards, he came out and told me that it was my decision and that he'll love me and support me no matter what. I told him that I wanted to commit, so we went back in and I committed.
“It was really emotional for everyone. My dad was crying and it was a great moment. Coach Fleck was extremely happy and he called all the coaches in and told them that they got their first commitment for 2018 in Benny Sapp.”
One of Sapp III's teammates in the Gophers defensive backfield will be Antoine Winfield Jr. The fathers of those players, Antoine Winfield and Benny Sapp II, played defensive back together as Vikings teammates in 2008, 2009 and 2011.
Sid Hartman can be heard Mondays and Fridays on 830-AM at 8:40 a.m. and Sundays at 9:30 a.m. shartman@startribune.com
Steven Wilson explores truth and perception on ambitious forthcoming album To The Bone
What is truth? Does it really exist? British musician Steven Wilson delves into those questions on his new album To the Bone, his major label debut on Caroline International. It's an expansive effort that finds the singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist known primarily for progressive rock-influenced output exploring a more accessible, yet ambitious sound.
“This album is about my love of songwriting and isn't weighed down by a conceptual element which has been a strong part of my music for the last few years,” said Wilson, whose previous best-selling releases Hand. Cannot. Erase. and The Raven That Refused to Sing (And Other Stories) featured large-scale narratives and several epic, lengthy pieces. “To the Bone is inspired by albums from my youth in the ‘80s by artists like Talk Talk, Kate Bush, Peter Gabriel, Prince, and Tears for Fears. It's about focused musical journeys that include great pop melodies, experimental textures, cinematic production, and weighty subject matter.”
To the Bone's core theme is propelled from the outset by the title track that opens the album. Its lyrics were written by Andy Partridge, the co-founder and key songwriter for XTC.
“We live in an age in which truth is so often twisted and perverted to serve different agendas,” said Wilson. “It's filtered through so many things, whether it's your race, gender, politics, or religion. It seems to me, that's not truth at all. It's your perception. Andy is one of my favorite songwriters. I called him up and asked him to have a crack at writing lyrics about the idea of truth as a flexible notion. The idea ultimately lent itself to the album title as well.”
The shifting nature of truth further resonates in “Pariah,” an emotional, poignant duet with Israeli singer Ninet Tayeb.
“'Pariah' examines truth as perception within the context of a relationship in the most simple way,” said Wilson. “The two people each have their own view of how the relationship is going. It also looks at the idea of an individual's struggle and how the other person perceives it. The man is saying ‘What's the point of waking up in the morning?' and the woman is telling him ‘There will be another day. You will rise again. Take comfort from me.'”
The album was co-produced by British guitarist Paul Stacey, known for his work with Oasis and The Black Crowes. It also features an array of acclaimed musicians including keyboardist Adam Holzman, bassist Nick Beggs, guitarist David Kollar, drummers Craig Blundell and Jeremy Stacey, and harmonica player Mark Feltham. In addition, Wilson performs a great deal of guitar, bass and keyboard work himself.
“This album is more of a solo effort than a band effort, which I think was a natural consequence of making a more song-based recording,” said Wilson, who has typically produced his own work. “It made me realise I needed someone to bounce ideas off of. A friend of mine suggested Paul and we spent a whole day listening to records and talking about what we liked about them. I laid out my manifesto for this album and he was really excited by the idea. He was great at steering me away from any of my clichés and towards trying new approaches.”
“Detonation” is about twisting truth for reprehensible purposes. It begins as a very electronic-oriented piece as it digs into the lyrical theme before morphing into heavy rock territory that eventually situates itself within a hypnotic groove, accented by a mercurial guitar solo from Kollar.
“The source of inspiration was the 2016 attack on the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida by Omar Mateen,” said Wilson. “He killed 49 people at the gay venue. There was a strong suggestion that he didn't really have an affiliation with a religious or terrorist group, but that he used the idea of a religious war as some kind of badge to justify his actions to himself and the rest of the world. The idea that this somehow made it okay for anyone because of a perceived religious fundamentalist organization linkage really started to worry me. The song is about one of those people.”
To the Bone also has moments of positivity and joy. “Permanating” is the album's most pop-oriented moment. It's accompanied by a fun, kinetic video featuring Bollywood dancers.
“'Permanating' is about the idea of a crystallised moment of happiness,” said Wilson. “We all have certain memories of great joy that comfort us. We draw from them as a well of positivity when we need them. A lot of them come from childhood — an innocent period when we have no responsibilities and are discovering things for the first time. It's also about adulthood and being able to celebrate life and rising above all of its difficulties. I remember playing the song and then watching some Bollywood dancing on YouTube and I felt the two would work together well. So, that became my ambition for the video.”
The video begins with Wilson at his piano, solo, performing the introduction to the song as dancers from The Bollywood Company, a British troupe, emerge around him, illustrating the song's vibrant, inspirational intent. The idea is the dancers are part of Wilson's dream state as he plays the piece. As soon as he closes the piano's keylid at the end, the fantasy concludes and Wilson exits the scene.
“I've always loved Bollywood dancing because it's such a joyous form of expression,” said Wilson. “Using Bollywood dancers wasn't a contrived decision. ‘Permanating' is a song all about colour and joy. So, the look of the video involves maximum glamour, cinematic elements and colour saturation. It was influenced by dance sequences from Bollywood films I've enjoyed, including Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Guru, and Devdas. The video isn't trying to be purist in representing Bollywood dance. I think it's quite fresh and unusual. I'm not interested in being pure or faithful to any kind of music, cinema or dance. I was trying to make something appealing as a piece of film.”
Wilson has an appreciation for Indian and India-inspired music, too.
“The percussionist and composer Selvaganesh is just incredible,” said Wilson. “I also really like Lata Mangeshkar, including the way the British act Four Tet sampled her work for their Morning/Evening album. It's wonderful how Kieran Hebden of Four Tet, who's half Indian, combined Mangeshkar's voice with electronic music on that recording.”
Also see on Firstpost — Behind the scenes of Steven Wilson's 'Permanating': How the Bollywood-themed music video was made [slideshow]
Performing in India is also something Wilson enjoys. He headlined three major concerts in India during 2016, including the NH7 Weekender Festival in Shillong and Pune, and the Backdoors Festival in Bengaluru. He plans on including India in the 2018 To the Bone tour, which will see him evolving his already spectacular stage show, involving dramatic projections, films and lighting effects.
“It's going to be more immersive than ever before,” said Wilson. “The show will be based around To the Bone and include new visual elements based on its themes. I'll also be delving into my back catalog and picking out some gems from the past that I haven't performed with my band before. I look forward to bringing the show to India where it's always thrilling, exhilarating and inspiring to play for so many people who really appreciate what I do in an open-hearted way.”
To the Bone releases this 18 August on Caroline International.
Updated Date: Jul 29, 2017 10:00:41 IST
The Homeland Security Department announced new travel restrictions for travelers from Ebola-stricken countries Tuesday, but the measures will likely do little to keep the virus out of the United States.
All passengers traveling from Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea will now have to come into the U.S. through five major airports: Dulles International Airport in Virginia; Newark Liberty International Airport; John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York; Chicago O'Hare International Airport; and Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.
These airports implemented tighter screening measures for individuals traveling from the three affected countries last week, including taking the temperature of all passengers and submitting them to additional questioning. All travelers whose journeys originated in the three countries will now be subject to these added protocols, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson wrote in a release Tuesday.
Ninety-four percent of the approximately 150 travelers coming to the U.S. each day from the three countries were already entering the country through the five airports with tight screening measures. The new restrictions apply to an additional nine or so passengers.
The new measures will begin Wednesday.
The additional screenings could calm some of the panic that has gripped the U.S. following the diagnosis of the first case of Ebola in the U.S. on September 28, and it's possible they may catch cases before they enter the country. But the nature of the disease limits the power of such preventive measures.
These additional screening protocols would not actually have prevented the entry of Thomas Eric Duncan—who died Oct. 8 from Ebola—into the country.
When Duncan arrived in Dallas on Sept. 20, he had no fever and answered in the negative to questions of whether he had contact with Ebola patients in his native Liberia. He did not begin to develop symptoms until about four days after his arrival.
The 21-day incubation period of the virus means that individuals traveling from the affected countries may have been infected but not yet be experiencing a temperature or other symptoms. On the flip side, many may show a fever and be detained, but not have Ebola.
Of the 36,000 travelers who left the three countries since exit screenings began in August, 77 were stopped due to symptoms such as fever, the CDC said earlier this month. None ended up having Ebola; many were diagnosed with malaria, which is prevalent in West Africa.
Since the additional screening began at U.S. airports last week, 28 individuals were given the public-health assessment, and four were transported to a medical facility, according to data from DHS. No individual screened has tested positive for Ebola.
Historical precedent does not give much hope for the success of airport screening measures against diseases. Studies have shown that similar screenings during the SARS outbreak in 2003, and the influenza (H1N1) pandemic in Japan and Australia in 2009, were not found to be effective at identifying cases.
"It's like looking for a needle in 10,000 haystacks," said Joshua Michaud, associate director of global health policy at the Kaiser Family Foundation. "It's very unlikely that you would find a case through screening measures at the borders."
Despite calls from Republican lawmakers to stop flights from Ebola-stricken countries, top health officials have maintained that a complete travel ban would be detrimental to the fight against Ebola. Officials maintain that the best way to control the spread of the disease is by being able to track who is entering the U.S., as well as contact-tracing to find anyone an infected individual may have been in contact with.
There are currently no direct flights to the U.S. from the West African countries, so trying to stop individuals from entering through other countries would be extremely resource-intensive and ultimately unsuccessful, top health officials say. And such restrictions would harm efforts to stop the epidemic in affected countries.
"The best way to protect ourselves is not to seal off these countries but to provide the kinds of services so the disease is contained there," said CDC Director Thomas Frieden at the beginning of October. "The only way to get to zero risk is to stop it there."
While illegal immigrants account for about 3.5 percent of the U.S population, they represented 36.7 percent of federal sentences in FY 2014 following criminal convictions, according to U.S. Sentencing Commission data obtained by Breitbart News.
According to FY 2014 USSC data, of 74,911 sentencing cases, citizens accounted for 43,479 (or 58.0 percent), illegal immigrants accounted for 27,505 (or 36.7 percent), legal immigrants made up 3,017 (or 4.0 percent), and the remainder (about 1 percent) were cases in which the offender was either extradited or had an unknown status.
Broken down by some of the primary offenses, illegal immigrants represented 16.8 percent of drug trafficking cases, 20.0 percent of kidnapping/hostage taking, 74.1 percent of drug possession, 12.3 percent of money laundering, and 12.0 percent of murder convictions.
One GOP aide expressed shock at the numbers, emailing Breitbart News, “These statistics blew me away, and they blow a hole through the oft-repeated line that people only want to come to America to work. It's tragic so few politicians are willing even to acknowledge the true extent of this problem, but until more do, more Americans will keep getting harmed.”
The USSC data only deals with federal offenders sentenced under the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984 (SRA) and does not include other categories like state cases, death penalty cases, or “cases initiated but for which no convictions were obtained, offenders convicted for whom no sentences were yet issued, and offenders sentenced but for whom no sentencing documents were submitted to the Commission.”
The data does include immigration violations, of which illegal immigrants represented by far the greatest number of cases: 91.6 percent, or (20,333 cases), out of a total 22,204 cases.
Eliminating all immigration violations, illegal immigrants would account for 13.6 percent of all the offenders sentenced in FY14 following federal criminal convictions — still greater than the 3.5 percent of the population illegal immigrants are said to make up.
The fact that The Sun didn't put its story that Kate Middleton might be pregnant on the front page suggests the paper has its doubts. But if the story turns out to be true, it will be one of the most brilliant free scoops of all time.
For this story has not been derived from hacked voicemails, an avaricious doctor, or a garrulous friend. The Sun's royals editor, Duncan Larcombe, filed his scoop—headlined "‘Is There Something You're Nut Telling Us Kate?"—on the basis of the observation that, while tasting a UNICEF aid package at an event earlier this week to highlight the devastating famine in East Africa, Kate declined to sample the peanut paste.
For almost 20 years in the U.K., women were advised to avoid eating peanuts during pregnancy or while breastfeeding if they or the father had a history of allergic conditions. In 2008 Britain's Food Safety Agency dropped the advice because there was insufficient evidence to support the ban. In fact, the agency reversed itself, saying that avoiding nuts could actually increase the possibility of a child suffering a nut allergy in later life. But such is the concern among pregnant mothers about incurring allergies in their offspring that peanuts have joined the long list of forbidden items.
Although this is not the first time that a rumor of Kate being pregnant has emerged, the fact that this story has been allowed to grow legs over the weekend rather than being crushed by the palace PR machine—the Star's “Kate Pregnant With Twins” splash in September was swiftly refuted—is telling. It could be that Kate simply doesn't like peanut butter, but there are two other pieces of (admittedly totally circumstantial) evidence that lend credence to the theory.
The first are the numerous meaningful looks and gestures that William directs toward his wife in the official UNICEF video.
When they are coming out of the helicopter in the opening shot, for example, he abruptly breaks off from his chat with the crown prince of Denmark and puts an arm out to Kate—which could well be the simple manifestation of a newly married husband's affection for his wife but, when watched frame by frame, looks exactly like a variation on the many well-worn routines expectant first-time dads, trained by Hollywood to expect nine months of nonstop vomiting, have of discreetly asking their first-time pregnant wives if they are feeling all right.
The other extraordinary element, which has been totally overlooked by the international media, is the significance of the fact that the laws of succession were changed quite suddenly last week, meaning that a firstborn daughter of William and Kate would become queen rather than seeing the title pass to a younger brother.
Kate and William let it be known that they felt the old laws of succession were hopelessly outdated and unfair. But it does seem a bit odd that this massive change to the (unwritten) British constitution was not trailed. It was simply announced by David Cameron, the British prime minister, after Commonwealth leaders meeting in Perth unanimously approved the change. One might have expected the government or the royals to drag it out a bit, and claim some of the credit for making modern changes to a 1,000-year-old system.
Maybe the dramatic move was given urgency by some happy news from the palace. While gender testing is not thought to be reliable until the 10th week onward (when a CVS can be done), it would have been very hard for the laws of succession to be so quietly changed had it been known that William and Kate were expecting, especially if they do now have a girl.
Kate and William are doubtless upset that the pregnancy rumors have distracted from their UNICEF mission to raise money for the African famine, their first big outing together since tying the knot.
Make them feel better by donating a few dollars at www.unicef.org.uk. Think of it as a shower.
The state of Kansas has been a haven for late-term abortions for decades and pro-life advocates there successfully lobbied the legislature to approve new legislation that would help put an end to some of them.
In a move that it tells LifeNews.com will transform the landscape of abortion policy in the United States, National Right to Life announced a major new component of the right to life movement's 2015 legislative agenda with introduction in Kansas of the Unborn Child Protection from Dismemberment Abortion Act. The pro-life group says the wave of pro-life victories in the 2014 election helped set the stage for this first-of-its-kind legislation, which would protect unborn children from the brutality of dismemberment abortion.
“Dismemberment abortion kills a baby by tearing her apart limb from limb,” said National Right to Life Director of State Legislation Mary Spaulding Balch, J.D. “Before the first trimester ends, the unborn child has a beating heart, brain waves, and every organ system in place. Dismemberment abortions occur after the baby has reached these milestones.”
Now, Kansas has approved the bill.
This morning by a voice vote, the Kansas House gave first round approval to landmark pro-life legislation, Senate Bill 95,”The Unborn Child Protection from Dismemberment Abortion Act.”
Kansans for Life Executive Director, Mary Kay Culp, thanked legislators for their diligence in tackling the issue, and enacting a sound law crafted to withstand constitutional scrutimy, that will stop a horrific procedure.
CLICK LIKE IF YOU'RE PRO-LIFE!
“With the introduction of the bill by lead sponsor, Sen. Garrett Love (R-Montezuma), and 24 Senate co-sponsors, the bill generated immediate grass-roots support and passed the Kansas Senate, 31-9. After a final vote in the House, (possibly later today), SB 95 will head to Gov. Sam Brownback, who has promised his signature,” Culp said.
Culp explained that SB 95 bans a particularly gruesome abortion method in which a living unborn child in her mother's womb is ripped apart by an abortionist using sharp metal tools. In the words of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, the unborn child, “dies just as a human adult or child would: It bleeds to death as it is torn limb from limb.”[Stenberg v. Carhart, 530 U.S. 914, 958-959].
The bill was carried on the House floor by Rep. Steve Brunk (R-Wichita), with assistance on legal areas by former judge, Rep. John Rubin (R-Shawnee) – both pro-life leaders in the House.
D&E dismemberment abortions are as brutal as the partial-birth abortion method, which is now illegal in the United States and which was upheld in the Supreme Court. But would such an abortion ban be constitutional given the Roe v. Wade decision? National Right to Life points to the high court's ruling in the partial-birth abortion case as grounds for banning dismemberment abortions too.
In his dissent to the U.S. Supreme Court's 2000 Stenberg v. Carhart decision, Justice Kennedy observed that in D&E dismemberment abortions, “The fetus, in many cases, dies just as a human adult or child would: It bleeds to death as it is torn limb from limb. The fetus can be alive at the beginning of the dismemberment process and can survive for a time while its limbs are being torn off.” Justice Kennedy added in the Court's 2007 opinion, Gonzales v. Carhart, which upheld the ban on partial-birth abortion, that D&E abortions are “laden with the power to devalue human life…”
“When abortion textbooks describe in cold, explicit detail exactly how to kill a human being by ripping off arms and legs piece by piece, civilized members of society have no choice but to stand up and demand a change,” added Spaulding Balch. “When you think it can't be uglier, the abortion industry continues to shock with violent methods of abortion.”
It was clear that DJI was winning the drone war by the end of 2015. Today's best sellers are mostly DJI products. Other makers (Parrot, 3D Robotics, Autel, Yuneec et al) haven't been able to capture any significant portion of the camera drone market. Most saw the writing on the wall and began switching to becoming drone service providers in other marketplaces.
Shenzhen DJI Innovations
Shenzhen-based DJI has thousands of employees and access to capital, talent and components. They are nearby to all their component suppliers. They have a domestic as well as international market. They move fast and have continued to improve and professionalize their products. They help their clients private label their drones. Their two biggest competitors, Yuneec and Parrot, have amassed less than 5% of the market – combined.
DJI's latest product is the Mavic Pro, a novel compact and foldable drone that has every feature of earlier DJI drones with the addition of more advanced collision-avoiding computer vision. It is forecast that the Mavic Pro will be the hit of the 2016/2017 Holiday Season. According to Drone Flyers, a news portal focusing on the drone industry, it's likely that over 80% of the $300-$1,500 drone market will go DJI during the 2016 Christmas season.
The GoPro Karma, long anticipated by GoPro fans worldwide, was introduced in September with shipments promised in time for Christmas. They've stopped accepting orders on their website and it's rumored that shipping has been pushed back to Spring 2017.
The commoditization war
Today's drone makers are fiercely competitive and all are re-jiggering their business plans to accomodate to DJI's dominance. With two new deep-pocketed competitors (GoPro and Xioami) entering the market – and all competing in the consumer camera drone marketplace – it's hard to see how a non-Chinese provider can succeed in that particular mass market. Niche markets, yes; camera drones, no.
In this fast-changing market, the time lag between design, manufacturing, selling and feedback is one major reason. But another is the Shenzhen climate for electronics manufacturing… there's nowhere else like it; nowhere else that can move as quickly; has so much manufacturing talent; and no place where costs are the lowest because all the major component manufacturers are there.
3D Robotics' demise
3D Robotics was a bit behind in coming to that conclusion. They had visions of becoming the great American hope with their Solo product but, with a combo punch of being late and buggy during a period when DJI launched two much better and cheaper products, Solo never took off and 3DR was stuck with a significant inventory of unsold product – another hazard of buying product from China.
Early this year 3DR initiated a serious retrenching with a series of layoffs and office closures and is refocusing on becoming a professional drone service provider for the agriculture, surveying, construction, security, infrastructure and other verticals. Their staff has gone from 350 to less than 80. There is no information about what today's head count is.
Last year, 3DR's cofounder Jordi Munoz left the company. He's now running a robotics startup in Chula Vista, CA, Mayan Robotics. Co-founder and CEO Chris Anderson said the company would continue shifting its focus towards the corporate market and attempted to raise $45 million but was only able to get $27 million earlier this year.
See also: 3D Robotics undergoing layoffs and other challenges
If you ever wondered where the term "Wildfires" originated from, look no further.
First, I'd like to congratulate Zoootpia on their win for Best Animated Feature in the Golden Globes last month. This is a sorta gift for them, with that said...
Two weeks later and I finally get this done, I didn't expect to take this long. This will be quick he said, a couple of days he said.
But I digress, here's a little love for the young Nicholas Wilde in his days as a Junior Ranger Scout member. Showing initiative, determination and utter lack of public, environmental & self safety precautions. Showing off his impeccable practical skills.
I wanted to give the little guy some scouts experience, before he evidently leaves the group as pertained in the film.
So if you recall, Nick mentioned in his story about his mother buying him a new uniform... Now you know why.
Can't blame him though. Can't keep a clever fox down. Just look at George Clooney
(And before you say "The Fantastic Mr Fox". I was referring to "Oceans 13", cause you know when Reuben Tishkoff is conned and nearly dies, Clooney goes and cons the conner...Never mind.)
XD
______________________________________________________
Young Nick Wilde (characters & logos) © "Zootopia" (2016) Byron Howard, Rich Moore, Clark Spencer, Jared Bush, Phil Johnston (Walt Disney Studios, Pictures & Animation Studion ™ )
wolfjedisamuel © 17
OTHER REFERENCES, LOGOS, CHARACTERS, FILMS/ SERIES, GAMES, BRANDING, ETC. ARE COPYRIGHTED © & TRADEMARKED ™ TO THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNER, PRODUCTION, COMPANY OR STUDIOS.
TBone- Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United States 2150 Posts Last Edited: 2015-08-25 03:23:45 #1
If anyone actually has his contact info and can ask him if he has these vods locally that would save us a lot of headache.
Edit: The torrent of the VODs are saved and are available below
Day9 BW Dalies Part 1
Day9 BW Dalies Part 2
Day9 BW Podcasts To my understanding all of day9's dailies are on Blip which is going dark in two days. This leaves us with very little time and around 100 vods to download and then reupload. Not quite sure how we can do this but we can organize from this thread.If anyone actually has his contact info and can ask him if he has these vods locally that would save us a lot of headache. Competitive Tribes Ascend player. Symtex in sc2, csgo, dota, and tribes.
Ty2 Profile Blog Joined March 2013 United States 1175 Posts Last Edited: 2015-08-18 16:20:01 #2 Okay, I made a very, very professional message to Day9's reddit account. I'm not sure how often he checks it but according to his post history he made a post 14 hours ago. I'm hoping he checks it again before blip tv shuts down but he is a busy person so I don't think this is likely.
Edit: Nice, stratos. I'm gonna use the same thing. Writer I feel weird.
TBone- Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United States 2150 Posts #3 What tools are you using to download the vods off blip? Competitive Tribes Ascend player. Symtex in sc2, csgo, dota, and tribes.
Stratos Profile Blog Joined July 2010 Czech Republic 6104 Posts Last Edited: 2015-08-18 16:15:49 #4
https://savedeo.com/en/sites/bliptv Well, IDK about you guys but I'm getting everything I can before it's (possibly) gone. We can figure out what to do then. En Taro Violet
TBone- Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United States 2150 Posts Last Edited: 2015-08-18 16:20:58 #5 I'll work on getting 50-60 downloaded. Competitive Tribes Ascend player. Symtex in sc2, csgo, dota, and tribes.
GGzerG Profile Blog Joined January 2010 United States 9295 Posts #6 Day[9] is a man of great knowledge and power, I trust he already has taken the necessary precautions. AKA: TelecoM[WHITE] Protoss fighting
Stratos Profile Blog Joined July 2010 Czech Republic 6104 Posts #7 kk, I'm going with 1-20. It's about 70 vods total, I think I should be able to get it all. En Taro Violet
Ty2 Profile Blog Joined March 2013 United States 1175 Posts Last Edited: 2015-08-18 16:29:01 #8 1-20? 20 dailies? Writer I feel weird.
looknohands119 Profile Joined March 2010 United States 813 Posts #9 I don't have any hard drive space to spare at the moment but I wanted to say that you guys are total bosses for saving Starcraft history. <3 "The kingdom of the heavens is buried treasure. Would you sell yourself to buy the one you've found?" - Jon Foreman ('Your Love Is Strong' - Spring EP)
Ty2 Profile Blog Joined March 2013 United States 1175 Posts #10 I can only download around 50 of his dailies Writer I feel weird.
TBone- Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United States 2150 Posts #11 On August 19 2015 01:37 Ty2 wrote:
I can only download around 50 of his dailies
1-20 and 50-60 are being downloaded, so fill in whichever gaps you can and post which ones you're downloading. 1-20 and 50-60 are being downloaded, so fill in whichever gaps you can and post which ones you're downloading. Competitive Tribes Ascend player. Symtex in sc2, csgo, dota, and tribes.
Ty2 Profile Blog Joined March 2013 United States 1175 Posts #12 okay, I'm downloading 21-49 and 61-80 Writer I feel weird.
looknohands119 Profile Joined March 2010 United States 813 Posts Last Edited: 2015-08-18 16:54:10 #13 Oh, and guys, don't forget the State of the Game (http://blip.tv/sotg) and Inside the Game (http://blip.tv/insidethegame) content that is still Blip.TV exclusive too! We wouldn't want to lose that either. Apparently episodes 5-28 of SotG are the ones that are only on Blip and need to download. "The kingdom of the heavens is buried treasure. Would you sell yourself to buy the one you've found?" - Jon Foreman ('Your Love Is Strong' - Spring EP)
TBone- Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United States 2150 Posts Last Edited: 2015-08-18 16:54:26 #14 On August 19 2015 01:43 looknohands119 wrote:
Oh, and guys, don't forget the State of the Game (http://blip.tv/sotg) and Inside the Game (http://blip.tv/insidethegame) content that is still Blip.TV exclusive too! We wouldn't want to lose that either.
Looks like only episodes 5-28 are missing from jp's youtube and ITG is missing 1-43 + ballparking 20 random other episodes.
+ Show Spoiler +
+ Show Spoiler +
linked playlists above ^ Looks like only episodes 5-28 are missing from jp's youtube and ITG is missing 1-43 + ballparking 20 random other episodes.linked playlists above ^ Competitive Tribes Ascend player. Symtex in sc2, csgo, dota, and tribes.
SiliconMind Profile Joined April 2015 Italy 11 Posts #15 The first 26 episodes of state of the game are unavailable on blip.tv. I can dowload 26-28.
Rodney Profile Joined December 2013 Germany 9 Posts #16 You could probably use JDownloader 2. If you check the clipboard icon you just got to right-click -> copy url to clipboard the video on the channel page and it will be added to the list. You can then start the download. You also might want to check "Load best version only" in the blip.tv plugin settings so you don't have to manually remove other video qualities (as in their files) from the queue.
I'm actually suprised that he has updated his blip.tv to this day. Twitter: @der_rod / "If you don't know what you're doing you're already halfway there." - Crendor
sevs44936 Profile Joined August 2015 Germany 6 Posts #18
Sadly the download speed gets throttled Just registered here, I'm getting started on Inside The Game.Sadly the download speed gets throttled
TBone- Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United States 2150 Posts #19 On August 19 2015 02:11 sevs44936 wrote:
Just registered here, I'm getting started on Inside The Game.
Sadly the download speed gets throttled Just registered here, I'm getting started on Inside The Game.Sadly the download speed gets throttled
Godspeed mate, post the ones you end up downloading so there's no overlap. Godspeed mate, post the ones you end up downloading so there's no overlap. Competitive Tribes Ascend player. Symtex in sc2, csgo, dota, and tribes.
Day[9] Profile Blog Joined April 2003 United States 7366 Posts #20 They are all downloaded and saved!
Due to a sudden spike of fear, I'm going to re-investigate to ensure this is the case. Man that would suck to lose those. Whenever I encounter some little hitch, or some of my orbs get out of orbit, nothing pleases me so much as to make the crooked straight and crush down uneven places. www.day9.tv
1 2 3 4 5 6 Next All
Figure 4
Electrophysiological analysis of type I cannabinoid (CB 1 ) receptors. (a) Representative recordings in individual neurons before (baseline) and after the application of 0.3 μM WIN55,212-2 (WIN). (b) Reduction of evoked excitatory postsynaptic current (eEPSC) amplitude by application of various concentrations of WIN (0.1, 0.3, 1.0, 3.0, and 10 μM; n=4–6). Data were fitted using sigmoidal function (eight cells from seven mice for control-artificial cerebrospinal fluid (aCSF); 10 cells from seven mice for control-methyl-β-cyclodextrin (MCD); 10 cells from six mice for 5% krill-aCSF, and eight cells from six mice for 5% krill-MCD). Note that the dose–response curve for WIN was shifted to the left in mice fed 5% krill diet (‘5% krill-aCSF', half-maximal effective concentration (EC 50 )=0.15±0.08 μM) compared with mice fed control 1 diet (‘control 1-aCSF', EC 50 =1.52±0.19 μM), and that MCD treatment resulted in a leftward shift of the curve in mice fed control 1 diet (‘control 1-MCD', EC 50 =0.23±0.05 μM) but not in mice fed 5% krill diet (‘5% krill-MCD', EC 50 =0.21±0.09 μM). (c) Lower graph, time course of depolarization-induced suppression of excitation (DSE) in the basolateral nucleus of the amygdala (BLA) of mice fed the control 1 and 5% krill diets (12 cells from five mice fed the control 1 diet; 11 cells from five mice fed the 5% krill diet); above, traces show representative recordings in individual neurons. (d) Lower graph, rimonabant (RIM, 5 μM) abolishes the effect of the 5% krill diet on DSE (seven cells from four mice fed the control 1 diet; six cells from three mice fed the 5% krill diet); above, traces show representative recordings in individual neurons. Scale: 5 ms and 50 pA. *P<0.05, one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) and post hoc Bonferroni comparison. 1)P<0.05 between control-aCSF and control-MCD, P<0.001 between control-aCSF and 5% krill-aCSF; 2)P<0.05 between control-aCSF and control-MCD, P<0.01 between control-aCSF and 5% krill-aCSF with one-way ANOVA and post hoc Bonferroni comparison. All experiments in were carried out in the mice to which no behavioral experiments were conducted.
ISLAMABAD: Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Wednesday arrived here to attend the SAARC Interior Ministers' conference being held on Thursay during which he is expected to raise the issue of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim , designated as global terrorist, and cross border terrorism.Rajnath Singh, who arrived here on Wednesday evening on his maiden visit to Pakistan, has been accorded tight security amid threats from Lashker-e-Taiba and Hizbul Mujahideen terror groups against his visit.The home minister was flown in a helicopter to the Serena hotel located in posh Islamabad locality. It is also the venue of Thursday's meeting where Rajnath Singh will be underlining the need for meaningful cooperation among South Asian countries.Roads leading to the hotel have been heavily barricaded by the police and para-military forces to ward off any threat from terror groups. In the past, there have been instances when terrorists rammed explosive-laden trucks into the hotels.Despite tight security, around 100 people gathered outside the hotel shouting anti-India slogans and protested against Rajnath Singh's visit.LeT founder Hafiz Saeed and Hizbul Mujahideen Chief Syed Salahuddin had warned of a nationwide protest if Singh arrives in Islamabad to attend the SAARC ministerial conference which would be inaugurated by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Before leaving for Islamabad to attend the day-long SAARC Home Ministers' Conference, Singh said he was "looking forward to underscoring the imperative of meaningful cooperation within the region against terrorism and organised crime.""This conference provides a platform to discuss issues pertaining to security," said Singh, who is expected to tell Pakistan to stop sponsoring terror in India and rein in groups like Lashker-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammed.India has been demanding handing over of Dawood, who has been designated as a global terrorist by the anti-terror body of the United Nations, for running an organised crime syndicate from Pakistan.Thursday's meeting is preceded by the 7th Meeting of the SAARC Interior/Home Secretaries which is being held on Wednesday. The Union home secretary Rajiv Mehrishi, who is leading the Indian delegation, arrived here on Tuesday.There is little possibility of Rajnath Singh having a bilateral meeting with his Pakistani counterpart Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan in the wake of strain in India-Pak relations after the killing of Hizbul Mujahideen militant Burhan Wani in Jammu & Kashmir on July 8.Not only did Prime Minister Sharif praise Wani but he also remarked that "Kashmir will one day become Pakistan", a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, who said his dream of the state becoming a part of his country "will not be realised even at the end of eternity".On the eve of the conference, Sharif said that Kashmir was witnessing a "new wave of freedom movement" and asked Pakistani diplomats to apprise the world that Kashmir was "not an internal matter" of India."Today Kashmir is witnessing a new wave of freedom movement," Sharif said, needling India.Apart from terrorism, other key issues to be discussed include liberalisation of visa, illegal trafficking in narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and small arms and how to make coordinated and concerted efforts to combat such menace.The three-tier meeting began at the joint secretary-level and then moves on to Secretary and Home Minister-level meetings.The focus of the meeting will also be on strengthening networking among police forces of SAARC member-countries and also enhance information-sharing among law enforcement agencies.
The story of Dr Jekyll, Mr Hyde and Fanny, the angry wife who burned the first draft
One of the enduring mysteries of English literature was solved last night when it emerged that the first, impassioned draft of Robert Louis Stevenson's Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was destroyed by the author's wife.
Fanny Stevenson burned it after dismissing it to a friend as "a quire full of utter nonsense". She said - of what became the world's most admired and profound horror story - "He said it was his greatest work. I shall burn it after I show it to you".
Stevenson, an invalid almost deranged by tuberculosis and the effects of medicinal cocaine, had to spend the next three days feverishly rewriting and redrafting the 30,000-word story by hand.
Within weeks, the new version of his pioneering novel about split personality was in print. Despite Fanny's view, it was an instant bestseller. Sermons were preached on it in thousands of churches, including St Paul's cathedral, London. It was pirated in the US and in translation.
It rescued the Stevensons from acute debt. For the first time, the couple had enough money to live comfortably.
Some 115 years later, Fanny's deed has been disclosed in a two-page letter on pages torn from a notebook. It was written by her in 1885 to Stevenson's close friend and fellow poet WE Henley.
Henley, who was one-legged, was the model for Long John Silver in Treasure Island. He is still known for the lines: "I am the master of my fate,/I am the captain of my soul".
'Distasteful'
The letter is expected to fetch some £1,500 at auction at Phillips in London on November 17. Yesterday, Liz Merry head of Phillips's book department, said the writer's wife apparently threw the manuscript on the fire because "she considered Dr Jekyll and the duality of man rather distasteful.
"It's my belief that she thought Dr Jekyll, which was partly based on a dream, was not worthy of him. She was also uneasy because he was writing it for a "shilling shocker" series of novels. It is ironic that it turned out to be one of his most successful books."
But other sources believe Fanny acted in a spirit of literary criticism rather than artistic vandalism. One biographer says she felt the first draft did not sufficiently bring out the theme of allegory which was to make the story so compelling to psychologists like Sigmund Freud.
Despite the Hollywood films which have been based on it, Stevenson's atmospheric novel contains no sex and little violence, though these are strongly implied.
But what is clear is that Fanny, with creditors at their door, was in despair about her sick husband's ability to produce publishable work.
In an earlier letter, she wrote: "Louis is possessed of a story that he will try to work at. To stop him seems to annoy him to such a degree that I am letting him alone as the better alternative; but I fear it will only be energy wasted - as all his late work has been."
The Scots author was recovering at the time from a haemorrhage and from the death of a close friend. He said he he wrote out of hunger and the need to survive "a few years more" to support his family.
The germ of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde came to him in a cocaine-induced nightmare in their Bournemouth home. His screams aroused Fanny, who indignantly woke him. "Why did you wake me?" he said. "I was dreaming a fine bogey tale."
Dawn found him writing frantically to capture and elaborate the dream on paper. He wrote the first draft in three days at an extraordinary rate of 10,000 words a day. Stephen King, the most modern prolific horror author, is content if he can achieve 1,000 words a day.
But scholars knew before yesterday that Fanny disliked the first draft. Before her letter was discovered, the Stevenson scholar, Alanna Knight, wrote: "Angrily, Stevenson threw it on the fire. For the next three days the family walked on tiptoe glimpsing him sitting up in bed, surrounded by written and torn-up pages". Together, the first and final drafts took him a total of six days.
Fanny wrote afterwards: "That an invalid in my husband's condition performed the manual labour alone seems incredible. He was suffering from continual haemorrhages and hardly allowed to speak, his conversation carried on by means of a slate and pencil."
Stevenson himself told a critic dourly: "The wheels of Byles the Butcher [a joking reference to his creditors, taken from George Eliot's novel Middlemarch] drive exceedingly swiftly."
Of his story, with its haunted moral that "man is not truly one, but truly two", he wrote to a friend: "I send you herewith a Gothic gnome, interesting I think, and he came out of a deep mine, where he guards the fountain of tears."
Gone forever, lost treasures
Sir Richard Burton (1821-1890)
The Victorian explorer and Orientalist, was known as an expert on every scholarly subject "including pornography" - he translated the Kama Sutra and, from rare Arabic manuscripts, The Perfumed Garden.
His more explicit writings were burned by his widow, Isobel, after his death.
Philip Larkin (1922-1985)
The publicly reticent poet, in one of the greatest losses to 20th century biography, left a will asking his companion, Monica Jones, to burn all of his personal diaries after his death in 1985. However, his indiscreet letters have survived
Camille Claudel (1864-1943)
The admired sculptor was the mistress of Auguste Rodin for 15 years. Her feelings of injustice at his hands led her frequently to destroy all the work in her studio. Taken by force to an asylum in 1913, where she died
Nikolai Gogol (1809-1852)
The Russian dramatist and novelist fell victim to the "spiritual sadism" of an extreme Moscow priest, Father Matyev Konstantinovsky.
Ten days before Gogol's death in 1852, while mentally unbalanced, he burned the final volume of his masterpiece, Dead Souls, at the priest's order
Dante Gabriel Rossetti (1828-1882)
The poet and painter was so distressed by the suicide of his wife Elizabeth Siddal from an overdose of laudanum in 1862 that he buried all his manuscripts with her.
Later he changed his mind and had her body exhumed to recover them. He justified this volte face by telling a friend, "Art was the only thing for which she felt very seriously"
(Title Image: Orpington First)
The Issue
As you probably all know, over the last 18 months or so a revaluation has taken place for business rates (officially known as non-domestic rates), which is some cases has resulted in massive rate rises for some businesses – particularly those in upmarket but small, semi-rural towns. While the Welsh Government has instituted a rate relief scheme, it's unknown how long it will last as high streets across the country struggle in a competition with internet shopping and out-of-town retail parks.
UKIP used their allotted time slot to debate the issue yesterday (11th October) and pretty much reached a consensus with all of the other parties.
The Motion
The Senedd agrees that:
The current business rates regime disadvantages retailers in small towns and cities.
Business rates are inherently inequitable because they bear little, if any, relation to business profitability; reducing the impact of business rates would help businesses survive the challenges posed by internet shopping and boost the high street.
As an interim measure, pending the replacement of business rates, premises with a rateable value below £15,000 should be exempt and the rates of business properties within the band of £15,000 – £50,000 are reduced by 20%.
Welsh local authorities should encourage local trade by offering 60 minutes free parking in town centre car parks.
Out-of-town shopping developments should bear a greater but reasonable share of the burden of business rates, and such rates should apply to their car parks.
Key Points
Caroline Jones AM (UKIP, South Wales West)
For (the motion): Business rates are unfair.
A replacement for business rates should be introduced in the longer-term, with rate relief used in the short-term.
Without small businesses, high streets threaten to become “empty shells”, 1 in 8 retail units are empty.
Business rates are inequitable as they bear no relation to the profitability of the business itself.
VAT thresholds should be raised by the UK Government after Brexit.
Nick Ramsay AM (Con, Monmouth)
For: The Welsh Government has the power to do something.
Full devolution of business rates gives the Welsh Government an opportunity to act.
The Welsh Government haven't acknowledged the sense of urgency amongst retailers.
The way the revaluation was handled caused great concern.
Adam Price AM (Plaid, Carms. E & Dinefwr)
For: There's cross-party agreement on the need for reform, if not on the details.
The Senedd is constantly returning to the subject of business rates reform, but nothing ever happens; it's an “anachronistic, discredited tax”.
Welsh Government proposals for a new round of rate relief are “disappointing”.
Michelle Brown AM (UKIP, North Wales)
For: Business rates inhibit economic growth.
Business rates should be based on profit or turnover, not the value of the building.
Business rates disincentivise start-ups because they're lumbered with bills from day one.
Welsh Government Response
Leader of the House, Jane Hutt (Lab, Vale of Glamorgan)
Business rates contribute more than £1billion a year in funding; it's right businesses contribute their fair share.
The revaluation was carried out independently of the Welsh Government and they had no control over it.
£200million has been made available to offset the impact of rate rises; over half of eligible businesses pay no rates at all. A permanent rate relief scheme will come into force from April 2018.
A microbusiness loan fund has safeguarded or created 1,747 jobs.
The Welsh Government are actively considering options for a long-term replacement for business rates.
Vote
Now, here's where things get complicated and it's part of the reason why many people don't pay much attention to these opposition debates.
Despite the broad consensus in the debate itself, because each of the parties wanted their own amendments added or others deleted, ultimately it was the softer-worded Welsh Government-amended motion that was passed by 25 votes to 22.
The University of Chicago will soon host a workshop on how to avoid the “negative ramifications” of contacting law enforcement by teaching students “alternatives to calling the police.”
During a workshop scheduled for February 22, explicitly titled “Alternatives to Calling the Police,” the prestigious school's “Students Working Against Prisons” club will discuss “the negative ramifications of calling the police, especially in regards to their racial oppression of black people and other people of color.”
“There will be a guided brainstorming of alternatives to calling the police.”
[RELATED: UW students make profit off of anti-police hoodies]
“It will then prompt participants to reflect on their own relationship to the police,” a description for the event explains, noting that the workshop will conclude with a “guided brainstorming of alternatives to calling the police.”
According to an advertisement for the event, students will consider alternatives to law enforcement officials in cases of “mugging,” “sexual assault,” “health emergencies,” “mental health crises,” and “public nuisances,” or “‘suspicious' activity.”
Campus Reform contacted the group hosting the event for clarification on what precisely the alternatives to calling police would look like in each of those scenarios, but did not receive a response in time for publication.
[RELATED: BLM organizers trash Trump, police in campus lectures]
Notably, Students Working Against Prisons was founded to protest the university's ties to the food corporation “Bon Appétit,” a subsidiary of “Compass Group,” which the group describes as “the largest contract foodservice company in the world, and one that of course has a long history of involvement in prisons.”
The group goes on to explain that its objection to the Compass Group stems from the fact that it provides food to roughly 300,000 inmates at prisons across the country.
“Our goals are to educate U Chicago students about the prison-industrial complex, offer solidarity and support to prisoners, and end U Chicago's ties to prisons,” the student group states.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
The U.S. Navy still plans to receive its most expensive warship in November, but has acknowledged that date "may need to be revised" if additional testing issues surface, a spokeswoman said Monday.
A couple of weeks ago, the service said the new $13 billion Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier (CVN 78) would be delayed by two months to November due to "first of class" problems, without elaborating. The ship is already two years behind schedule and more than $2 billion over budget.
A Bloomberg News article last week by Tony Capaccio cited a June 28 memo from the Pentagon's top weapons tester, J. Michael Gilmore, to its chief weapons buyer, Frank Kendall, that concluded the ship isn't ready for combat operations because of problems with systems to launch and recover aircraft, defend against aircraft and missiles, and move bombs and munitions.
As a result, the delivery date may slip into 2017, CNN's Zachary Cohen reported on Monday.
In an email to Military.com, Capt. Thurraya S. Kent, a spokeswoman for the Navy, didn't confirm a new timeline but acknowledged the estimated delivery date may change. "The current estimated delivery date is in November 2016," she said. "If additional issues arise during the remaining shipboard testing, that date may need to be revised."
Kent noted the Ford -- a 1,100-foot-long ship being built by Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. -- is 98 percent complete, the first new aircraft carrier design in four decades and built to operate into the 2060s. The vessel is the first in a $41 billion program to deliver three Ford-class carriers intended to replace the Nimitz-class carriers.
The new Ford-class will feature a similar hull to the Nimitz-class but come with a host of new technologies.
The decision "made many years ago" to incorporate nearly two dozen "developmental systems" -- including the electromagnetic aircraft launch system (EMALS), advanced arrested gear (AAG), dual band radar (DBR), advanced weapons elevator (AWE) and a reactor plans propulsion system -- has "compounded the inherent challenges of a first in class design," Kent said.
"Steady progress is being made to retire technical issues," she added. "EMALS testing was successfully completed in May 2016 and testing of DBR and AAG are projected to complete in time to support upcoming sea trials and first aircraft operations scheduled for early next year."
The Ford is expected to begin deployments in 2021.
Sen. John McCain, a Republican from Arizona and chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has repeatedly criticized the acquisition program for its cost overruns and schedule delays.
The postponed delivery to November "further demonstrates that key systems still have not demonstrated expected performance," he said in a recent statement. "The advanced arresting gear [AAG] cannot recover airplanes. Advanced weapons elevators cannot lift munitions. The dual-band radar cannot integrate two radar bands. Even if everything goes according to the Navy's plan, CVN-78 will be delivered with multiple systems unproven."
Kent defended the effort, saying the new carriers will offer "unparalleled advances in operational availability, flexibility to accommodate high power/energy warfighting advances, higher aircraft launch and recovery rate, reduced manning, and improved survivability to match projected threats -- all at a $4 billion reduction per ship in total ownership cost as compared to the Nimitz-class."
Security Risk: Severe Exploitation Level: Easy/Remote DREAD Score: 8.6/10 Vulnerability: SQL Injection Patched Version: 3.7.1
470 SHARES Facebook Twitter
During regular research audits for our Sucuri Firewall (WAF), we discovered a SQL Injection vulnerability affecting Joomla! 3.7 – CVE-2017-8917. The vulnerability is easy to exploit and doesn't require a privileged account on the victim's site.
Are You at Risk?
The vulnerability is caused by a new component, com_fields, which was introduced in version 3.7. If you use this version, you are affected and should update as soon as possible. This vulnerable component is publicly accessible, which means this issue can be exploited by any malicious individual visiting your site.
Given the nature of SQL Injection attacks, there are many ways an attacker could cause harm – examples include leaking password hashes and hijacking a logged-in user's session (the latter results in a full site compromise if an administrator session is stolen).
Technical Details
The public-facing com_fields component borrows some views from the administrative side component of the same name. While this may sound like an odd thing to do, it serves a very practical purpose – it allows the reuse of generic code that was written for the other side, instead of writing it from scratch again.
As you can see from the snippet above, it sets the $config[‘base_path'] variable with the JPATH_COMPONENT_ADMINISTRATOR constant value which represents the local path to the administrator component directory. Doing this will cause Joomla! to grab views and models from this path instead of the public facing one. As this action is conditional to the view parameter containing fields and layout to contain modal, we know the URL to access this view must look like this:
/index.php?option=com_fields&view=fields&layout=modal
Visiting this URL leads to a listing of all the custom fields available on the site which can be ordered based on various parameters.
The only administrator view that can be accessed is fields – and this will grab its data from an admin-side model (due to the $config[‘base_path'] trick we discussed earlier). In this case, the vulnerability we discovered was located in the FieldsModelFields model, in ./administrator/components/com_fields/models/fields.php.
The culprit can be found in the getListQuery method.
For those not familiar with how Joomla! deals with SQL queries, the $query->order() really is just a method whose input will be concatenated to a query's ORDER BY statement, so you can guess that leaving non-sanitized user input in there is the last thing you want. Unfortunately, this is exactly what happened.
The list.fullordering state can be populated with user input because the FieldsModelFields model inherits from the JModelList class, which contains the snippet above. You may notice that it performs some verification on the content and then sets the list.direction and list.ordering state accordingly, but what about list.fullordering?
After the switch statement, this instruction sets the state we were looking for with a value that we can control, regardless of whether it generated a valid list.direction or list.ordering state.
So in order to exploit this vulnerability, all an attacker has to do is add the proper parameters to the URL in order to inject nested SQL queries.
In Conclusion
If you have not already, update as soon as possible!
This is a serious vulnerability that can be misused in different ways to compromise a vulnerable site. Update now. If you believe your Joomla site is hacked, you can follow our free DIY cleanup guide.
‘Music For Cats' is the first every non-human designed album released by a major record label. Originally born out of a Kickstarter campaign by cellist David Teie, the feline focussed sounds have been scientifically created “to enrich cats lives”.
You may or may not be surprised to hear that music being composed and produced, solely for some of our fellow members if the animal kingdom, is not by any means a new phenomenon. Yes we're quite serious, just google ‘music for pets' and within a matter of clicks you will be leaded to some sort of physical product up for purchase.
Now being recognised by the bigger players in the industry, it may not be long before we see ‘Music For {insert here}', creeping into the charts.
Check out the video above and head to the website to listen and learn more about the project which will be officially released to all territories via Universal Music on 28th October.
Source: Sky News
By Linda Nguyen
TORONTO — The Ontario Court of Justice ruled Wednesday against a dairy farmer who was acquitted last year of producing, selling and distributing raw milk.
Michael Schmidt was informed late Wednesday that Ontario Justice Peter Tetley has reversed a lower-court ruling and has found him guilty of 15 of the 19 criminal offences he was charged with under Ontario's Health Protection and Promotion Act and the Milk Act.
“This is just a temporary setback. We will continue to fight, both through the courts and through the legislature, for the rights of individual to decide what they put into their bodies. The public supports this issue,” he said in a statement, following the release of the 77-page decision.
In January 2010, Schmidt, a crusader for raw milk for nearly 20 years, was acquitted by a justice of the peace of 19 charges of distribution of raw milk and raw-milk products resulting from his cow-share business.
The justice had found that the two pieces of legislation he had been charged under did not apply because Schmidt only gave the milk products to the joint owners of a cow-share and not the public at large.
Schmidt sold $300 memberships to about 150 families for partial shares in 26 cows he keeps at Glencolton Farms, located about 2 1/2 hours northwest of Toronto.
In Canada, it is illegal to market, sell, distribute or deliver unpasteurized milk or cream. Yet it is legal to drink raw milk or to use it to make cheese. Canada is the only G8 country to ban the sale of these products, which some argue has greater health benefits than the available pasteurized milk.
But in Wednesday's ruling, the court sided with the Ontario government and the local health authority, the Grey-Bruce Health Unit, which had appealed the acquittal arguing that the justice had made critical legal mistakes.
Schmidt's lawyer, Karen Selick of the Canadian Constitution Foundation, countered the appeal by arguing the prohibition of raw milk products denies raw milk farmers their right to liberty and denies people access to the food they want.
Both constitutional arguments were dismissed in this recent decision.
Selick said her client will appeal the decision.
Postmedia News
The Army tested its $517 million spy blimp -- the Long Endurance Multi-Intelligence Vehicle -- for more than 90 minutes around Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst in Ocean County on Tuesday. YouTube video posted by Julia from Jackson appears to capture that flight. (Published Thursday, Aug. 9, 2012)
The Army is testing its $517 million spy blimp in the skies over the New Jersey military base where the German airship Hindenburg crashed in 1937.
The Long Endurance Multi-Intelligence Vehicle spent more than 90 minutes around Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst in Ocean County on Tuesday.
Manufacturer Northrop Grumman says the 302-foot long airship is designed to be a high altitude observation platform.
It can be operated by a crew or by remote control.
Army spokesman John Cummings tells the Asbury Park Press the primary objective of the maiden flight was to perform a safe launch and recovery.
The airship is 100 feet longer than the Goodyear Blimp and is filled with helium.
The Hindenburg was filled with hydrogen when it burst into flames at Lakehurst, killing 36 people.
Get the latest from NBC 4 New York anytime, anywhere. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Google+. Get our apps here and sign up for email newsletters here. Get breaking news delivered right to your phone -- just text NYBREAKING to 639710. For more info, text HELP. To end, text STOP. Message and data rates may apply.
Gold Medalists: Then & Now
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
President-elect Trump selected South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney to be his first budget director Saturday morning, a nomination which would put a staunch fiscal conservative in charge of managing the federal budget and the logistics of government affairs.
"We are going to do great things for the American people with Mick Mulvaney leading the Office of Management and Budget," Trump said in a statement. "Right now we are nearly $20 trillion in debt, but Mick is a very high-energy leader with deep convictions for how to responsibly manage our nation's finances and save our country from drowning in red ink. With Mick at the head of OMB, my administration is going to make smart choices about America's budget, bring new accountability to our federal government, and renew the American taxpayer's trust in how their money is spent."
"It is a great honor to be appointed Director of the Office of Management and Budget," said Mulvaney. "The Trump administration will restore budgetary and fiscal sanity back in Washington after eight years of an out-of-control, tax and spend financial agenda, and will work with Congress to create policies that will be friendly to American workers and businesses. Each day, families across our nation make disciplined choices about how to spend their hard earned money, and the federal government should exercise the same discretion that hardworking Americans do every day."
Mulvaney, who came to office as part of the 2010 Tea Party wave, has frequently allied himself with the most conservative members of the House and co-founded the House Freedom Caucus that has frequently bucked Republican leadership on spending bills. Mulvaney was one of the conservatives credited with forcing former House Speaker John Boehner to resign in fall 2015, rather than bow to the party's right flank and likely lead the House into another government shutdown.
As director of the Office of the Management and Budget, replacing Obama appointee Shaun Donovan, Mulvaney would have broad responsibility for government operations — and for avoiding the government shutdowns that the Freedom Caucus countenanced several times.
Mulvaney is a true fiscal conservative who has continued to raise alarm about the long-term trajectory of the debt, even as annual deficits have fallen in recent years. He has criticized the use of special war funds to get around caps on defense spending and in past years has suggested that tax increases might be necessary to stabilize the debt, a stance anathema to many conservatives.
At times, Mulvaney hasn't been afraid to depart from the most conservative stances espoused by the Freedom Caucus. In 2014, he drew headlines for endorsing the possibility that some illegal immigrants could receive some legal status as part of immigration reform, a concession that other conservatives have criticized as "amnesty," and did so while hosting a immigration reform town hall in Spanish.
And in a move that could prove portentous under the Trump administration, Mulvaney last year introduced legislation that would allow nationalized mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to be recapitalized and eventually leave the government's control. The conservative head of the House Financial Services Committee that Mulvaney served on, Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling, instead has advanced legislation that would reform the housing finance system and shutter Fannie and Freddie. Yet Mulvaney's approach may be favored in the Trump administration: Trump's selection for treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, endorsed re-privatizing the two mortgage businesses in some of his first comments as Trump's appointment.
A graduate of Georgetown University with a law degree from the University of North Carolina, Mulvaney served in the state legislature after a brief legal career and a stint in his family's homebuilding business. Mulvaney is of Irish descent, and once caused a minor stir in Ireland when Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny attended a fundraiser of his held at an Irish pub in D.C. just before St. Patrick's Day.
Typically the job of budget director is a demanding one but one that can lead to political advancement. Sylvia Burwell, for instance, Obama's second-to-last budget director, went on to become the secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. Her predecessor, Jack Lew, is now treasury secretary.
Rob Portman, a budget director for President George W. Bush, is about to begin his second term as an Ohio senator. Another Bush budget chief, Mitch Daniels, became governor of Indiana.
This is a sponsored post through Adproval with Get Bullish. All opinions are my own.
I'm a little over “Fashion Tips for Teens” and “How to Dress in Your 30s.” I'm writing this in the middle of the afternoon while wearing polka dot pajama pants and a glitter tank that says “Just Married” on it. Just let me wear whatever I want, no matter how old I am. I think as long as my bits are covered according to local laws, and I don't wear white to someone else's wedding, I'm good to go.
Then again, I'm a feminist, and we like to do things our own way. Feminism is all about empowering women to make the best choices for ourselves, from the big decisions to the small ones. While picking out a new pair of shoes might not be as life-changing as picking a new job offer, you should still have the freedom to make the right choice for you.
That said, I do have a few style tips for the feminist fashionista.
Heels to Smash the Patriarchy
Not just any shoes will suit the feminist hell-bent on smashing the patriarchy. You need feminist heels to show the world you mean business. A well-placed kick will shatter any glass ceiling standing in your way.
Anything with Cats
I might be too allergic to my feline friends to become a full-fledged cat lady, but I stand by my feminist friends with their cute cats. Get Bullish offers an extensive Cat Lady Collection, with cat socks, a cat scarf, and even a cute cat lady tote bag.
Short Skirts or Dresses to Highlight Hairy Legs
Feminists don't shave their legs or under their arms, right? Because none of us ever experience internalized sexism or feel the need to conform to American beauty standards. Right? Furthermore, none of us could possibly prefer the feel of hairless skin. Right? So let's rock those mini skirts and short dresses with our soft & fuzzy legs poking out!
Feminist Accessories
No accessory screams, “I'm a feminist!” then one that literally spells out the word, “feminist.” I would love my arm candy to include this Feminist Unicorn brass cuff. I wouldn't say no to these feminist socks either! After all, while feminists are never hesitant about gender equality, sometimes we do get cold feet… literally.
Obviously this blog post is a little tongue-in-cheek. Truthfully, just like there's no one way to be a feminist, there's no one way to dress like a feminist. Sometimes my feminist wardrobe is little more than a bikini. Other times I dress like a feminist when I rock jeans and a hoodie. Being a feminist means having the freedom to make my own choices about my life.
If you are looking for some feminist-friendly accessories, though, I do genuinely love all the products offered by Get Bullish. If you'd rather make over your skills than your wardrobe, check out the Get Bullish coaching and courses.
How do you dress like a feminist?
Love this post? Share the love! Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Reddit
Pin 1 19 Shares
Sand is an important construction material of natural origin, mixed with cement and lime, millions of tons of sands are used every month for construction as mortars, plasters, and concrete.
The term sand is used for rock particles that range in grain size between 2 mm and 1/16 mm. In composition, they are predominantly an oxide of silica SiO 2 .
Mineralogically, they consist mostly of broken grains of mineral Quartz (SiO 2 ) produced as a result of the breakdown of sandstones and similar rocks.
We will discuss below in details Classification and Bulking of Sand. So Let's move on:
Classification of Sand.
Sands are classified variously on the basis of their mode of origin, their composition, and their grain size.
Classification of Sands according to the mode of origin:
According to the mode of origin, sands are of three types, namely, pit sands, stream sands and marine sands.
The pit sands are generally sharp and angular in outline. Winds usually deposited them and form accumulations in soils that may be covered by clays. These sands, when cleaned and washed, make good mortars.
The river sands occur as accumulations of great extent along the base and banks of all the rivers in plains and semi-hilly areas. The shape of the sand grains in river sands is almost round (due to considerable transport in river waters).
These are generally free from clay, salt encrustations, and organic impurities. Hence, these are the most commonly used sand for making mortars, plasters, and concrete.
The marine sands occur on beaches and along the seashores. Like river sands, they consist of rounded grains of quartz. A common difficulty with these sands is that their grains are often covered with coatings of salts from seawater.
These salts are not easily separable. Hence, if used in mortars or concrete, the salts react with the binding materials creating a lot of difficulties. Moreover, the salt encrustations are often hygroscopic, i.e., they absorb moisture from the atmosphere.
This also results in delayed setting, dampness and efflorescence may also occur in mortar or concrete made with these sands. Hence, marine sands are considered of inferior quality and should be better avoided. When these become the only source available, marine sands must be thoroughly washed before use.
Classification of Sand according to its composition:
According to composition, following three categories of sand are recognized in engineering fields.
Clean sands: These are well-graded sand containing entirely or mostly quartz (SiO 2 ) particles in a wide range of grain size.
Silty sands: These are poorly graded sands which have a considerable proportion of silt (particle size between 0.625 to 0.075 mm) and other non-plastic fines.
Clayey Sands: These are poorly graded sands having a prominent clay fraction (particle size below 1/256 mm ) and also plastic fines.
Obviously, for use in making mortars, plasters, and concrete. Clean sands must only be used. Sand is also obtained artificially by crushing natural quartzite rock to the required grain size.
Classification of Sand according to its grain size:
According to grain-size, sand is classified as coarse. medium and fine sand : 2 – 1 mm, 1 – 0.25 mm, 0.25-0.15 mm, respectively.
Bulking of Sand:
Bulking of sand is an important volumetric change that takes place in sands when they are moist. Sands increase in volume, to the extent of 20-30 percent, when they contain moisture between 2-8 percent.
This is because moisture in small proportions forms thin films around the sand grains.
Fine sands bulk greater than coarse sand. When the moisture content is increased beyond 8-10 percent, the bulking of sand effect almost disappears. In fact, sand grains settled in a water tank will have the same volume as dry sand.
The quality of sand is determined concerning its clay content, contamination with organic impurities and its salt encrustations. Good quality sands should be free from all these impurities.
It is established that volume of sand will be more when water is present in it even in small quantities. In other words, two batches of sand, one dry and one moist, that may have the same weight, will have different volumes. The volume of moist sand will be more than that of dry sand.
This change (increase) in the volume of sands on getting moist is termed as bulking of sand.
Full knowledge of bulking of sand is necessary for a construction engineer because sand is sometimes used for mortars, plasters, and concrete by volume.
All the mix designs denote the proportion of sand is essentially in the dry state.
As such if this fact is ignored and sand in wet condition is added to the cement or lime, the resulting mortar will be containing a lesser amount of sand than the required amount.
Hence, a correction factor for bulking of sand has to be applied alter-determining the rate of bulking for the sand to be used in mortar and concrete making.
As regards the rate of bulking of sand, it has been observed that it is related to two factors.
(i) percentage of moisture content in the sand.
(ii) gram-Size of the sand particles.
Thus, bulking effect is maximum when moisture content in the sand is between 4-6 percent. As the water-content increases, this effect goes on decreasing, becoming negligible at 15-20 per cent moisture content.
Similarly, other things being same, the fine sands (particle size 0.25 to 0.15 mm) show higher bulking rate as compared to the coarse sands (particle size around 2 mm).
Bulking may be to the extent of 40 percent of the original dry volume of sand in the fine and 15 percent in the case of coarse sands.
How to Calculate Bulking of Sand: How to Calculate Bulking of Sand:
A quick method to determine bulking of sand of given sample containing some moisture is as follows:
(Step-1): Take a clean glass cylinder and fill it about 3/4 with the sand sample. Then, Note down its volume. Let's Say; it's Volume = V 1 = is 30 cm3.
(Step-2): Now carefully take the sand out and place it on a glass plate. Fill the glass cylinder with water to 3/4 of its volume.
(Step-3): Put the sand sample back into the glass cylinder very slowly, Stirring the water while adding sand into it. This is essential to make all the sand grains settle fully in the cylinder.
Note down the new volume of sand sample Let it be V 2 .
(If V 2 = V 1 , it means that the sand samples has retained to its original volume, i.e., it has shown no bulking).
But Let's say in another case V = 24 cm. Then bulking of sand sample will be: V 1 -V 2 /V 1 x 100.
Now just put the values of V 1 = 30 cm3 and V 2 = 24 cm3.
So, Now 30-24/30 x 100 => 6/30 x 100 => 20%.
So, this means that 20% of bulking of sand has taken place.
Conclusion: Conclusion:
I hope that this article will help you. If you have any questions, suggestions, Please, Let me Know in the below comment section. I'll be glad to help you. Thanks!
Don't Forget to share it. Sharing is Caring.
MUMBAI (Reuters) - India has become so desperate for fresh stocks of the onions it uses in spicy curries that it is turning to regional rival China and sanctions-hit Iran for supplies, and there is even talk of airlifts to ease soaring prices.
A labourer rests on sacks filled with onions at a wholesale vegetable market in the northern Indian city of Chandigarh October 24, 2013. REUTERS/Ajay Verma
But despite a swirl of high-level meetings on Thursday, the government is unlikely to land imports in substantial quantities before state elections begin on November 11, with state-run firms struggling to clinch deals and private players risk-averse.
Indians eat their way through 15 million tonnes of onions a year, using them as the base for traditional dishes such as biryani and bhaji. This has made high prices a hot potato that has in the past contributed to the fall of state governments.
Retail prices of onions have quadrupled in three months - now costing over 100 rupees a kilo, which is what a third of the population live on per day - as a supply squeeze caused by wet weather has hampered harvests.
Farm and food ministers met with Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit in New Delhi on Thursday to discuss ways to curb galloping prices in the Indian capital.
Onion prices were a major factor in pushing inflation to a seven-month high in September of 6.46 percent, and the government, led by the Congress party, is facing heated calls in the media to bring prices down by whatever means.
India has never before imported onions by air but Farm Minister Sharad Pawar proposed just that on Wednesday because sea transport takes longer and so cannot replenish supplies as fast, thereby bringing down prices.
Elections in the capital and in the states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Mizoram kick off in November.
“The state-run agencies are floating import tenders, but supplies are likely to come only after 3-4 weeks,” said Changdev Holkar, a director at the National Agricultural Cooperative Marketing Federation.
“And quantity would be also miniscule compared to demand.”
Private traders won't rescue the world's No. 2 producer and consumer because they know prices could quickly fall - farmers have planted far and wide to reap the benefit of high prices.
“Onions are highly perishable. Once you import, you have to sell at whatever price is prevailing in the market. You can't wait for prices to rise,” said Ajit Shah, president of the onion exporters' association.
And even stopping exports won't help matters, because they have already shrunk to just a trickle.
“Our prices are too high. Buyers are switching to Pakistan and China,” said a Mumbai-based exporter. Indian onions cost $900 per tonne whereas $570 will buy you a tonne from China.
A man takes a nap on sacks filled with onions at a wholesale vegetable market on the outskirts of Jammu September 14, 2011. REUTERS/Mukesh Gupta/Files
Pawar stuck to basic supply-demand economics on Thursday to bring relief. “Supplies from the new season crop would start in two to three weeks and that would depress prices,” he said.
He might be disappointed, though. Heavy rains are expected in the next few days in big onion-growing states of Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka - and that could be disastrous, Holkar said, disrupting harvesting and damaging the crop.
“Right now, imports or restrictions on exports cannot change the demand-supply equation. Dry weather for two to three weeks can increase supplies and bring down prices,” said Shah. (Reporting by Rajendra Jadhav; Editing by Jo Winterbottom and Mark Heinrich)
Not to be confused with Lofty Wiseman
Donald "Lofty" Large (27 September 1930 – 22 October 2006)[3] was a British soldier and author.
Having joined the Army as a boy, Large fought in the Korean War and was wounded and taken prisoner at the Battle of Imjin. He spent two years in a prisoner-of-war camp, where his injuries went untreated and he lost more than a third of his body weight. After his release and rehabilitation, he joined the Special Air Service (SAS) and went on to serve in various conflicts around the world, hunting communist guerrillas in Malaya, suppressing rebellions in Oman and Aden, and conducting deniable cross-border reconnaissance and raids during the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation.
An imposing figure – he was almost 6 feet 6 inches (1.98 m) tall – he was given the nickname "Lofty" after joining the Army.
After his retirement, Large wrote two books about his Army career, preceding such authors as Andy McNab and Chris Ryan. Andy McNab has said that Large and his books were "instrumental in setting the template for future members of the [SAS] Regiment".
Early life [ edit ]
Large was born in Oxfordshire, the first child of Joseph Large and his wife Emily (née Pratley). His sister, Janet, was nine years his junior. In 1939, the family moved to a cottage 2 miles (3 km) outside the village of Guiting Power in the Gloucestershire Cotswolds. As a child his father taught him how to shoot game; he later said of this experience, "little did I realise I would spend a lot of time, many years later [in the SAS], being trained in exactly that type of instinctive shooting".
Large would later dedicate his first book to "the best parents a man could ask for".
Growing up during the Second World War, and having watched British and American soldiers on field exercises in the Cotswold Hills, Large said that he had always wanted to be a soldier. He also joined the Army Cadet Force.
Army career [ edit ]
Large joined the British Army as a "band boy" at the age of 15. Unable to join his county regiment (the Gloucestershire Regiment) because of a lack of vacancies, he instead joined the Wiltshire Regiment, with whom he served for five years in England, Germany and Hong Kong. During this time he was given the nickname "Lofty", having reached his adult height of 6 feet ​5 3⁄ 4 inches (1.975m).[11] In 1951, by requesting a transfer to the Gloucestershire Regiment, Large volunteered to fight in the Korean War. After a combat training course in Japan, he was deployed to the front line.[11]
Korean War [ edit ]
In March 1951, along with half a dozen other newly badged Glosters, Large was sent to B Company's position in the low hills above the Imjin River. The Glosters, as part of the 29th Brigade, were defending routes through the valley that could potentially be used by the Chinese in a southbound offensive towards Seoul. On 22 April 1951, they engaged with Chinese troops in the Battle of Imjin.[13] By the morning of 24 April, B Company had fought off seven assaults before they were able to rejoin the remainder of their battalion on what became known as Gloster Hill. By this time the battalion was vastly outnumbered, low on ammunition and cut off from United Nations lines.[13] Large himself was shot in the left shoulder and, along with most of the remaining Glosters, was forced to surrender.[14]
After a 10-day forced march north, and having received only basic medical attention, Large arrived at a prison camp outside Chongsung, about 50 miles north east of Sinuiju.[15] He spent two years in the camp and celebrated his 21st birthday there. Throughout his incarceration he had two bullets and at least 18 pieces of shrapnel embedded in his body. To help Large cope with the chronic pain of his untreated injuries, an American POW introduced him to marijuana, which grew wild in the area. Although he found it to be a highly effective – and enjoyable – painkiller, he was somewhat alarmed by its psychoactive effects and subsequently tried to limit his use of the drug. Like many of his fellow prisoners, Large also suffered from beri-beri and dysentery.
In March 1953, a Chinese doctor operated on Large and removed a tracer round from his ribs as a preliminary to his being released as part of an exchange of wounded prisoners.[20] Having weighed 217 pounds (98 kg) in March 1951, he had dropped to 136 pounds (62 kg) by the time of his release. He also still had very limited movement in his atrophied and wasted left arm and was later told that if he had been treated by a British doctor at the time of his injury his arm would probably have been amputated.
Large was one of a batch of 22 exchanged British POWs whose release and subsequent return to Britain became front-page news:[21][22] The Guardian newspaper reported that the group had been unaware of the death of King George VI (which had occurred over a year earlier), but were now looking forward to the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.[23] Interviewed after his release, Large described the war as "useless" and said that he believed the communist's claims that the US had engaged in germ warfare.[24][25]
For its defence of Gloster Hill in the Battle of Imjin, the 1st Battalion, Gloucestershire Regiment was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation.[26] The citation is conferred on units of the armed forces of the United States and of allied nations, and was awarded to the Glosters for "exceptionally outstanding performance of duty and extraordinary heroism in action against the armed enemy ... Every yard of ground they surrendered was covered with enemy dead, until the last gallant soldier of the fighting battalion was over-powered by the final surge of the enemy masses."[26]
After returning to the UK, Large was offered a discharge on medical grounds, which he declined. He went on to serve briefly in the quartermaster's stores, as an instructor, and in the regimental police. Throughout this time he worked on regaining his fitness and rehabilitating his arm.
Special Air Service [ edit ]
November 1957 photograph of a group of 22 SAS troops in Malaya during the Malayan Emergency
In 1957, wanting to escape the "stupidities of drill" and the "bullshit" of the regular Army, Large volunteered for the SAS; however, while riding home from the Brecon Beacons within hours of successfully completing the notoriously tough selection course, he crashed his motorbike, and, having injured his ankle, he had to repeat selection – this time with one boot two sizes larger than the other to accommodate the bandages and swelling.[11] He went on to serve with 22 SAS in Malaya, Oman, Borneo and Aden.[14]
Large's first operation with the SAS was in Malaya, hunting the Malayan Races Liberation Army (MRLA) guerrillas engaged in the Malayan Emergency uprising. By the time of Large's involvement there was little communist activity and, despite months of jungle patrols and encounters with leeches, scorpions, civet cats and tigers, he never had any contact with MRLA guerrillas.
While suppressing a rebellion in Oman in 1958, Large infamously lost his temper with a recalcitrant donkey.[11] Recalling the incident in a 2003 interview, he said:
All the donkey handler did was laugh. Just as I turned round, the donkey's face was right by me and it shook its head and I stuck a punch in among it somewhere, and the donkey went down like it was shot ... much to my amazement. But not to as much amazement as the donkey handler's – I've never seen a bloke sober up so quick. It was a hole in one: the donkey struggled to its feet and looked really willing to go up the hill and the donkey handler lost his laugh.[32]
Several weeks later, in January 1959, Large was part of the "A" and "D" Squadron assault on the Jebel Akhdar. This entailed a 2,500-metre (8,200 ft) overnight ascent of the south side of the jebel, with each soldier carrying up to 120 pounds (54 kg) of kit. Having completed the ascent the SAS were able to surprise and defeat the rebels, who had previously held the plateau as a virtually impregnable stronghold.[32][34]
During the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation in Borneo, Large took part in Operation Claret. As the leader of a four-man SAS patrol, he spent up to two weeks at a time hidden in the jungle on deniable incursions into Indonesia, performing reconnaissance or ambushing Indonesian forces.[36] While hidden on the banks of the Sungei Koemba River during one of these incursions, Large and his patrol had the opportunity to assassinate Colonel Leonardus Moerdani, the commander of the Indonesian special forces in the area (and later Commander-in-Chief of the Indonesian Armed Forces and subsequently Indonesia's Minister of Defence and Security), who was passing by on a river boat. However, at the last moment Large spotted a woman on the boat. He later described the incident:
There could have been other women and there could have been children on the boat. And we don't do that sort of target, so ... it went. And it was in fact the very man we'd been looking for for three months: Colonel Moerdani of the Indonesian paracommando unit, and he was on the end of my rifle and I let him go – but ... you can't blat women and kids.[36]
For his service in Borneo, he was mentioned in despatches.[1]
Parachuting was an important part of SAS training and operations, but it was not an experience that Large enjoyed: He suffered from a fear of heights and his considerable bulk meant that he descended far too quickly to have any chance of a comfortable landing. Despite this, he eventually qualified as a parachute instructor, although the footnote on his course report read, "not suited to parachuting – either in size or inclination."
In his memoirs Large recalls that the last shots he fired on active duty were warning shots. Fired at long range at the ground a few feet in front of a local woman (it is unclear where the incident took place), they were intended to dissuade her from heading into "certain danger". Despite firing increasingly close to the woman's feet, she continued forward, moving out of sight, only to reappear moments later leading the previously unseen bull which she had been intent on retrieving – "What a player! God help any poor son-in-law she might have."
Large spent the final years of his 27-year Army career as an instructor with 23 SAS Regiment (one of the SAS's two reserve regiments),[11] eventually leaving the Army in 1973 as a Squadron Sergeant Major and Warrant Officer Class 2.
Legacy [ edit ]
In his book SAS Heroes: Remarkable Soldiers, Extraordinary Men, former SAS soldier Pete Scholey describes Large as "simply the finest soldier [I] had ever met ... an inspiration to those around him ... with an admirable sense of fair play".[11]
Andy McNab, who joined the SAS 11 years after Large's departure, has written about Large's enduring impact on the Regiment:
Being like Lofty was something I aspired to without realising it. When I joined the Regiment I was told that the best way to survive those first years in the Sabre squadron was to pick out someone who you thought you would like to be. Shut up, watch and listen. For me there were a number of the 'old and bold' who fitted that requirement. It wasn't until later in my service that I learned that most of them, as newly 'badged' members to a squadron, had picked Lofty.
A memorial bench was donated to the Allied Special Forces Memorial Grove at the National Memorial Arboretum by a group of Large's former SAS colleagues.[40][41] The inscription reads:
THE SAS REGIMENT The Oman Insurgencies 1958–1976
In Memory of WO2 Don "Lofty" Large, 22 SAS
Donated by his mates
Pete Scholey, Colin Wallace, Johnny Partridge, Pete Winner and Bob Podesta.
"We are the Pilgrims, master." "We are the Pilgrims, master."
Personal life [ edit ]
Large's funeral was held at St Martin's Church, Hereford.
Before leaving for Hong Kong with the Wiltshire Regiment in 1951, Large had met Ann, a nanny at the Regiment's depot in Devizes. She wrote to him five times a week during his captivity in Chongsung, although only about 90 of these letters were actually delivered to Large. They eventually married in 1955 and afterwards lived in an Army rental property on the top floor of a farmhouse in Longford, on the outskirts of Gloucester.
When Large volunteered for the SAS in 1957 it was not a unit that was well known outside of military circles – a fact that Large took advantage of by initially telling his wife that the Regiment's job was to air drop supplies to troops in the jungle.
In 1960 the couple moved with the Regiment to Hereford, where they later had two children, Andy and Donna.[14]
Later years [ edit ]
After leaving the Army Large worked in the UK and the Middle East. Having earned a heavy goods vehicle driving licence and a qualified testing officer's certificate during his time in the Army, he spent the last 14 years of his working life as a driving instructor.[14]
He wrote two books about his time in the Army: One Man's SAS and One Man's War in Korea, and was one of the first non-commissioned officers (NCOs) to write about the SAS, preceding such soldiers-turned-authors as Andy McNab and Chris Ryan. A third book, Soldier Against the Odds: From Korean War to SAS, consisted of revised versions of his first two books together with some additional material. Andy McNab has said that "[Large's first two books] were recommended reading for Regiment candidates. He was instrumental in setting the template for future members of the Regiment."
In his seventies, Large, along with Pete Scholey, returned to the Borneo jungle as part of a 2003 Channel 4 documentary about the history of the SAS, taking the camera crew to the exact spot on the bank of the Sungei Koemba River where his patrol had successfully ambushed an Indonesian Army river boat in 1965.[36]
Having been ill with leukaemia for three years, Large died aged 76 at St Michael's Hospice, Hereford.[14] His funeral was held on 1 November 2006 at St Martin's Church (which has a long association with the SAS).[3][46]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bases loaded, one out, top of the 7th, 1-0 game. Casey Kotchman, the worst .335 hitter in the history of baseball, hits a pop-fly to right. Magglio Ordonez camps under it, makes the catch, unleashes a looping throw to the plate. Alex Avila blocks the plate with his left leg. Running hard from third, Justin Ruggiano's left leg briefly collides with Avila's, as the catcher makes a swipe tag that catches nothing but air.
Home plate umpire John Tumpane, wisely, withholds his signal. Having slid past home, Ruggiano swings his left leg back, taps home plate. Avila half-heartedly tags Ruggiano's leg a couple beats later. Now, Tumpane's ready to make the call.
Out.
Here's a still shot of Ruggiano's leg on the plate, with Avila leaning over to make the tag, his glove still touching nothing but air.
Here's the video of the play, shown from multiple angles, at full speed and in slow motion.
You make the call.
Baseball has its share of problems. We've seen a major push to curb the use of performance-enhancing drugs in the game; it's unlikely that PED use is down to zero, and there's plenty of (often ugly) residual doubt left, even with players who've repeatedly tested clean. We're waiting on a new playoff system and potential new divisional alignment, because the current system is unfair to several teams, especially those in the NL Central. R.A. Dickey Face hasn't yet taken over the world.
But the one problem that would be easiest to fix, while still offering major benefits, is expanded use of technology in baseball. Use it to augment umpires' decisions. Or override them. Or eliminate them. Just use it.
I've tackled this subject before. Phil Cuzzi's call during the 2009 playoffs triggered the first piece, in which we wondered, “Does Baseball Need Umpires?” If Grand Slam tennis tournaments can use Hawk-Eye to track the lines with digital cameras, while still keeping officials on the court to make final decisions, why can't baseball do the same with fair-foul calls? If Major League Baseball could use QuesTec as a way to track balls and strikes and help umpires improve their pitch-calling, why couldn't that tool be used to make calls in lieu of umps? MLB has allowed Sportvision to install cameras in every stadium, giving us an incredibly robust tool called PITCHf/x, which measures everything from a pitcher's arm angle to velocity to pitch break to precise location; why can't we use this tool to call balls and strikes in a game?
The league, particularly during Bud Selig's tenure, has often been reactionary in making changes, unwilling to break with tradition or take on the slightest risk for fear of… something or other, unless something truly extraordinary happens. When MLB finally instituted instant replay on home-run boundary calls, it did so only after a series of mistakes that gave umpires, and the game, a black eye.
But even the most traumatic baseball plays can fail to stir any action on Park Avenue. We've seen few worse miscarriages of justice (in baseball terms) than Jim Joyce's flubbed call at the end of Armando Galarraga's would-be perfect game. There's no known technology that would have been 100% reliable in getting the call right the first time. But replay could have nailed it the second time. Replay aside, you'd think a call that triggered thousands of death threats for a hard-working, veteran umpire, who did nothing wrong other than make a basic human error, might have triggered a move toward some sort of fix at first base. If they're working on it, they're keeping it pretty quiet.
A reasonable person can debate the extent to which technology should be introduced into a game. Go too far and you risk an ugly battle with the umpires' union. Nitpick over too many plays and you risk making a random Yankees-Red Sox game into a four-hour affair…OK, a five-hour affair.
But something needs to do. The easiest fix would be to widen the scope for instant replay usage. Want to copy football by further watering down the playoffs with two more teams? Cool. Then why not adopt the NFL's system of red-flag challenges. Let each manager contest X number of plays per game. Hell, one play per game. NFL refs have fine-tuned the process to where play can resume after one commercial break. Let a major league manager challenge once per game, and you reduce the risk that one colossally bad call in a big spot will change the outcome of a game and sour more fans on baseball and its arbiters — plus more ad revenue to boot! All for the cost of two-to-four extra minutes. Win-win.
That's the least the league can do. Were it up to me, I'd experiment with having some combination of base sensors, line sensors, replay, and ball/strike-calling technology replace one or more umpires. Even the best umps are still human, and technology, properly applied, is going to fare better. But since that's a pipe dream (for now), try rolling out incremental change and see what happens. Here's an idea: If a Triple-A fill-in with little big league experience like John Tumpane gets assigned home plate duty during a major league game, use that game as a testing ground for enhanced technology.
Obviously, veteran umpires boast unimpeachable judgment, both in their play-calling and their remarkable restraint in dealing with players and managers. They get a pass.
Most wild animals don't take it too kindly if you want to get up close and personal to record their every day lives. For many wildlife documentary makers, this means remote cameras, long zooms, and bird blinds . But a new documentary from the BBC has taken a very different tack: they built multiple remote controlled "penguin-cams" that got adopted by the flock as one of their own.
The documentary is called Penguins - Spy in the Huddle, and any of our readers in the UK can watch it online right now. For the rest of us, we'll have to be content with the snippets exposed in a YouTube clip. The filmmakers crafted multiple penguin-cams, each able to perform different actions to blend in with a different species. The Emperor Penguin model had a camera in its belly, and one in its eye, and was able to roll along the ice. Others could walk or swim, and they even created eggs with cameras built-in.
The filming took a year, and the various penguins seemed more than willing to adopt the penguin-cams as members of their own tribe — which has lead to some really incredible looking footage.
[via Imaging Resource]
IFA 2016 does not start until September 1st, but the announcements are already rolling in. Samsung will be releasing the CFG70 and CF791-- the world's first curved quantum dot gaming monitors. The CFG70 will be available in 24-inch and 27-inch models while the CF791 will come in at a expansive 34-inches.Seog-gi Kim, Senior Vice President, Visual Display Business at Samsung Electronics remarked, “By enhancing our pioneering curved gaming monitors with quantum dot technology, our CFG70 and CF791 displays further surround players and make them feel as if they are part of the game. We are excited to demonstrate this futuristic and immersive gaming environment at IFA 2016.”
The Samsung CF791
The Samsung CFG70
Samsung's CFG70 and CF791 displays render color across a 125-percent sRGB spectrum and output a ton of detail in light and dark settings. The monitors are also run through various output tests before shipment, to ensure performance. Samsung optimizes several settings such as black gamma levels for enhanced brightness and white balance levels for temperature management.The CF791 is also the most curved monitor with a 1500R curvature and 21:9 aspect ratio. The monitor also boast a 100 Hz refresh rate and both panels feature on board AMD FreeSync Technology that syncs the displays perfectly with a gamer's graphics cards.The CFG70 is user friendly as well. It incorporates the Gaming UX OSD interface that users can access during competitions. Gamers will also be able to change game-play settings through shortcut hotkeys on the front and back of the monitor. CFG70's “Super Arena” mixes 1800R curvature with sound interactive LED lighting. This combination also features a 1ms pixel response time and a 144Hz refresh rate. Samsung notes this is the first time these capabilities have been offered in a curved display.
Microsoft surprised many last weeks by including an overhaul of all emojis in the preview release of the Windows 10 "Anniversary Update".
There's plenty to cover, but I first want to look at this guy who is new to Segoe UI Emoji :
Above: Ninja Cat is a set of emojis exclusive to Windows.
Not a standard Unicode emoji character, the Ninja Cat is part of an ongoing Windows Insider meme and comes in six different poses in these Windows 10 preview:
🐱👤 Ninja Cat
🐱🏍 Ninja Cat Flying
🐱💻 Ninja Cat at Computer
🐱🐉 Ninja Cat riding T-T. rex
🐱‍👓 Ninja Cat with Coffee
🐱🚀 Ninja Cat in Space
You might have figured based on the way these are shown above on most platforms, these have been implemented as Zero Width Joiner sequences. Each combines the 🐱 Cat Face with another emoji such as the 👤 Bust in Silhouette or 🚀 Rocket to make a new character:
Above: ZWJ sequences for the Ninja Cat emojis.
Used for a variety of purposes, ZWJ sequences are fully supported by Unicode, but don't need to go through the usual approval process. Apple used this feature to create an anti-bullying emoji into iOS last year which was subsequently supported by Android.
New Design
Moving along from the Ninja Cat, Microsoft has a brand-new design language for all emojis in the forthcoming Anniversary Update.
Compare the current Windows 10 emojis:
With the emojis coming in the Anniversary Update:
The new style has a distinctive thick black stroke around each character which looks great on the screen of my retina MacBook Pro running Windows 10.
Above: Windows 10 Anniversary Update displaying Smileys & People.
This new style isn't just an update to the previous emojis; it's a complete do-over. Every single emoji has been designed from scratch in this new style.
I'm told the team at Microsoft went back to understand the history and intent of every emoji when creating the latest set. This can be seen in characters such as the 😪 Sleepy Face which have become more Japanese than the name would otherwise suggest.
Above: Sleepy Face goes back to its Japanese origins with a snot bubble in this update.
Yellow is the new gray
The default shade for human-like emoji characters should be "non-human" according to the Unicode Consortium. This could technically mean pink, blue, yellow, or gray.
Microsoft chose the latter when first adding diverse skin tone support in Windows 10, which ended up looking a bit bizarre.
The latest update changes the default skin tone to yellow. Now our people are consistently yellow on all platforms, unless a modifier is chosen to change the skin tone.
Above: Yellow is to be the new default shade for human emojis.
All the skin tone options remain, with five variations available. This is the same number of skin tones supported in the existing version of Windows 10.
Above: Emoji Modifier Fitzpatrick Type 4.
Shrug
Despite the flak that Microsoft has copped over their emojis in the past, one area Windows is often ahead in is new character support.
Windows was the first major OS to support the middle finger emoji, and is set to become the first to support new emojis such as the vomit-face, shrug, and fingers crossed:
In addition to the Unicode 9.0 emoji candidates, a variety of family combinations are supported too. These include families with two moms, two dads, or one of each parent.
Emoji sequences for two men kissing or two women kissing aren't (yet?) supported. This may change by the time of the public release. As with other sequences, the fallback is to show each of the emojis individually in order.
Above: ZWJ sequences supported in the Anniversary Update.
Flags are also not (yet?) supported, and continue to show as two-letter country codes as has been the case in past versions. It's looking more likely that flags may be a deliberate omission by Microsoft, but let's not judge until the final version is released.
Mobile
MS Power User reports that Windows Phone is also set to get the same emoji update in the coming months. The picker UI for changing skin tones is also new.
Above: New emoji designs previewed on mobile. Screenshots via MS Power User.
This is only a preview, with all details here subject to change prior to public release.
Microsoft says the Anniversary Update for all Windows 10 users is due for release "Summer 2016" . More details will be provided at the time of the full release.
Above: The 💩 Pile of Poo Emoji is set to smile in the Windows 10 Anniversary Update. At last!
