1 of 4 2 of 4
I've been hearing rumours of this for a while, but today, Premier Christy Clark is expected to confirm that the Burrard Bridge will be shut down for a massive yoga celebration.
It will take place on June 21, which happens to be International Day of Yoga. The summer solstice occurs that day at 9:38 a.m., more than an hour after the event is scheduled to begin.
All five vehicle lanes will be shut down from 4 a.m. to 11 a.m. On the south end of the Burrard Bridge sits the head office of lululemon athletica, which happens to be one of the world's largest retailers of yogawear.
Lululemon founder Chip Wilson is no longer on the company's board of directors and he sold half his shares last year to Advent International for $845 million.
But it's hard to believe that he hasn't played a role in arranging for this event to be held, given his friendship with the premier and his rapport with the ruling Vision Vancouver over the years.
Wilson was full of praise for the premier when she showed up at the 2012 announcement of the new $36-million Chip and Shannon Wilson School of Design at Kwantlen Polytechnic University.
"In this day and age when everyone is working on a political agenda six months out, it's very hard to look that far in the future," he said. "I applaud Christy Clark and her government for being bold."
Clark returned the compliments when it came her time to speak.
MLA John Yap, Chip Wilson, and Christy Clark donned lululemon attire when they visited Kwantlen Polytechnic University in 2012. Charlie Smith
The Wilsons and lululemon contributed $12 million to the school with the remainder coming from the B.C. government and KPU.
Before the 2014 civic election, he donated $75,000 to Vision Vancouver individually and through one of his companies. Wilson, one of his companies, and lululemon also contributed $60,000 to the B.C. Liberals' successful reelection campaign in 2013.
Meanwhile, Wilson's son JJ and wife Shannon have launched a technical-wear company called Kit & Ace with a growing number of stores across North America.
The Burrard Bridge is going to be closed on June 21. Stephen Hui
Pictures of the holy man were burned at earlier protests
Police in India say a controversial Hindu holy man facing charges of obscenity has been arrested.
Nithyananda Swami was detained in the northern state of Himachal Pradesh where police said he had been hiding.
The guru stepped down last month as head of a religious organisation based in the southern city of Bangalore.
His announcement came after a video apparently showing him engaging in sexual acts with two women. He says he is innocent and the video is a fake.
Nithyananda Swami has a huge following in southern India and his mission has branches in several countries, including the US and Europe.
'Spiritual seclusion'
"Nithyananda Swami was arrested at Solan [in Himachal Pradesh] along with his associate Gopal Seelam Reddy and they would be brought to Bangalore soon," the city's director general of police, DV Guruprasaad, said.
On Tuesday, the authorities raided the swami's sprawling centre near Bangalore.
Nithyananda Swami, 32, stepped down as leader of the global Dhyanapeetam (Meditation Centre) organisation soon after the police inquiry was launched.
"I have decided to live a life of spiritual seclusion for some indefinite time," the guru said in a statement.
"If required, I will return and talk about all that had happened as an independent witness to my conduct with a clean heart and pure soul and in a less prejudiced atmosphere."
The video shocked his devotees and angered locals - his ashram near Bangalore was vandalised after TV channels broadcast the video.
The guru's followers allege the video was created and distributed by a jealous resident of the ashram in a bid to defame him.
[ THE INVESTOR ] Tech giant Samsung Electronics is expected to showcase a small number of Galaxy S8 handsets in February or March, ahead of the official release date of mid-April, according to industry sources on Jan. 9.
“There is a possibility of the S8 phones being showcased a month or two ahead of the actual release date,” one source told The Investor on the condition of anonymity.
Mass production is expected to begin in March, when Samsung will most likely roll out 5 million units of the S8.
For the year, Samsung is looking at a 60-million shipment goal, local suppliers told The Investor.
The shipment goal for the S8 is much higher than the number of cumulative shipments of the firm's flagship models over the past three years: S5 (45 million), S6 (45 million) and S7 (48 million). The Galaxy S4, released in 2013, shipped a record 70 million, while the S3 marked 65 million.
“As the release date of the S8 has been postponed to mid-April, Samsung seems to have set a more ambitious goal than before to make up for the loss caused by the Note model, which has so far led Samsung's smartphone business every first quarter,” another industry source said.
In order to start the mass production of the S8 in March, Samsung receives electronic parts in February from its main vendors, including camera iris scanner module maker Partron and camera lens firm Sekonix.
Wireless module maker Samsung Electro-Mechanics and Amotech are expected to supply radio frequency modules, which are used for near-field communication systems, in March, while secondary vendors such as Hansol Technics will likely start offering parts from April.
Market watchers said it is still uncertain whether the Korean smartphone giant can make a strong comeback with the S8 after the Note 7 debacle due to increasing challenges posed by runner-ups such as Huawei of China.
Some market analysts cast doubts on Samsung's S8 shipment target for the S8 as the premium smartphone market is quite saturated with Chinese firms posing a serious threat.
So far Samsung has proved its resilience by posting strong earnings in the fourth quarter. Its operating profit, which dropped 29.63 percent on-year to 5.2 trillion won (US$4.36 billion) in the third quarter last year due to the ceased sales of the incendiary Note 7, rose 76.92 percent from the preceding quarter.
The improved fourth-quarter profit was attributable to Samsung's marketing drive to sell the S7 and its Edge variant to make up for the loss of the Note 7 during the period and the robust sales performance of memory chips.
Global smartphone demand, however, appears to be dwindling.
According to a recent report by market research firm IDC , the global smartphone market grew only 1.6 percent in 2016 with the number of smartphone shipments standing at 1.46 billion while it is forecast to grow at around 4 percent this year. The projected growth figure for 2017 is much lower than the double-digit rate in the early years of the smartphone era.
By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.com)
Plants and other photosynthetic organisms use a wide variety of pigments to absorb different wavelengths of light. MIT researchers have now developed a theoretical model to predict the spectrum of light absorbed by aggregates of these pigments, based on their structure.
The new model could help guide scientists in designing new types of solar cells made of organic materials that efficiently capture light and funnel the light-induced excitation, according to the researchers.
“Understanding the sensitive interplay between the self-assembled pigment superstructure and its electronic, optical, and transport properties is highly desirable for the synthesis of new materials and the design and operation of organic-based devices,” says Aurelia Chenu, an MIT postdoc and the lead author of the study, which appeared in Physical Review Letters on Jan. 3.
Photosynthesis, performed by all plants and algae, as well as some types of bacteria, allows organisms to harness energy from sunlight to build sugars and starches. Key to this process is the capture of single photons of light by photosynthetic pigments, and the subsequent transfer of the excitation to the reaction centers, the starting point of chemical conversion. Chlorophyll, which absorbs blue and red light, is the best-known example, but there are many more, such as carotenoids, which absorb blue and green light, as well as others specialized to capture the scarce light available deep in the ocean.
These pigments serve as building blocks that can be arranged in different ways to create structures known as light-harvesting complexes, or antennae, which absorb different wavelengths of light depending on the composition of the pigments and how they are assembled.
“Nature has mastered this art, evolving from a very limited number of building blocks an impressive diversity of photosynthetic light-harvesting complexes, which are highly versatile and efficient,” says Chenu, who is also a fellow of the Swiss National Science Foundation.
These antennae are embedded in or attached to membranes within cell structures called chloroplasts. When a pigment captures a photon of light, one of its electrons becomes excited to a higher energy level, and that excitation is passed to nearby pigments along a network that eventually leads to the reaction center. From that center, the available charge travels further through the photosynthetic machinery to eventually drive the transformation of carbon dioxide into sugar through a cycle of chemical reactions.
Chenu and Jianshu Cao, an MIT professor of chemistry and the paper's senior author, wanted to explore how the organization of different pigments determines the optical and electrical properties of each antenna. This is not a straightforward process because each pigment is surrounded by proteins that fine-tune the wavelength of the photon emitted. These proteins also influence the transfer of excitation and cause some of the energy to dissipate as it flows from one pigment to the next.
Chenu and Cao's new model uses experimental measurements of the spectrum of light absorbed by different pigment molecules and their surrounding proteins. Using this information as input, the model can predict the spectrum of light absorbed by any aggregation, depending on the types of pigments it comprises. The model can also predict the rate of energy transfer between each aggregate.
This technique has a long history in physics, and theorists have previously applied it to studying disordered solids, dipolar liquids, and other systems.
“This paper represents a novel extension of this technique to treat dynamic fluctuations arising from the coupling between pigments and protein environments,” Cao says.
The model provides, for the first time, a systematic link between the structure of antennae and their optical and electrical properties. Scientists working on designing materials that absorb light, using quantum dots or other types of light-sensitive materials, could use this model to help predict what kinds of light will be absorbed and how energy will flow through the materials, according to the antenna structure, Chenu says.
“The very long-term goal would be to have design principles for artificial light harvesting,” she says. “If we understand the natural process, then we can infer what is the ideal underlying structure, such as the coupling between pigments.”
The researchers are now working on applying the model to a photosynthetic antenna known as the phycobilisome, which is the light-harvesting complex found in most cyanobacteria, as well as to nanostructures such as polymers, thin films, and nanotubes.
by Andrew Sacher
We recently wrote about Montreal's Gulfer when they released their split with Del Paxton on Topshelf, and now they're prepared to follow that with their first full length. It's called What Gives, is due June 30 via Texas Is Funny (pre-order), and the new single “Almost Sterling” premieres in this post. Like the two songs on that recent split, “Almost Sterling” has Gulfer worshipping at the throne of mathy '90s emo bands like Braid, Cap'n Jazz and American Football. They do the style well, as you can hear for yourself below.
Gulfer also have tour dates coming up, including a show in Brooklyn on July 5 at Cameo with local NYC bands Wild Pink, Vasudeva and Living Room. Tickets for that show aren't on sale yet, but should be via Ticketfly soon.
All dates are listed, with the new song stream, below…
—
Gulfer — 2015 Tour Dates
May 29 • Toronto, ON @ the Smiling Buddha w/ Prawn
May 30 • Ottawa, ON @ Cafe Dekcuf w/ Prawn
May 31 • Montreal, QC @ Bar le Ritz PDB w/ Prawn
June 27 • Montreal, QC @ Turbohaus w/ Narrow/Arrow
July 4 • Boston, MA @ Ol Yeller w/ Leaner & Pet Jail
July 5 • Brooklyn, NY @ Cameo Gallery w/ Wild Pink & Vasudeva & Living Room
July 6 • Philadelphia, PA @ A House Called Virtue w/ Vanilla Lord
July 7 • Baltimore, MD @ CCAS w/ Fine, Fine & Body Thief
July 8 • Durham, NC @ the Pinhook w/ the Bronzed Chorus
July 9 • Charlotte, NC @ Snug Harbour w/ It Looks Sad.
July 10 • Atlanta, GA @ Wonderroot w/ Blis.
July 11 • Knoxville, TN @ the Longbranch Saloon w/ Lions
July 12 • Nashville, TN @ Exponent Manor
July 13 • Louisville, KY @ Spinelli's w/ Messes & Android 13
July 14 • Chicago, IL @ Subt downstairs w/ Monobody
July 15 • Ann Arbour, MI @ the Metal Frat w/ Oliver Houston & Senpai
July 16 • Akron, OH @ It's A Kling Thing! w/ Narrow/Arrow
July 17 • Pittsburgh, PA @ City Grows w/ Fun Home
July 18 • Buffalo, NY @ the Glitterbox w/ Del Paxton
July 19 • Toronto, ON @ 8-11 w/ Breakfast & Nanette
July 20 • Montreal, QC @ Casa del Popolo w/ Strange Kids
Salvador Perez and the Phanatic held a battle of epic water-bottle-and-glitter-bucket proportions
The Phillie Phanatic is a landmark of the game of baseball, doing all sorts of silly, zany things on the field. Just this season, he's beaten Jose Bautista in a fitness battle, arrested Jose Fernandez after the Marlins' ace stole his keys, and brought a visiting team's broadcast crew some ice cream.
Royals catcher Salvador Perez is also a treasure, whether bear-hugging umpires or making quick-reaction catches on foul ball ricochets look easy.
Sunday's matchup between the Royals and Phillies, therefore, facilitated some silly shenanigans at Citizens Bank Park, one that involved the two of them exchanging flexes:
And, later, Perez trying to douse the Phanatic with a water bottle and the Phanatic retaliating with a bucket of glitter:
Good thing for Salvy he was given the afternoon off, since that glitter bomb would have been a hassle to clean off his jersey in time for the game ...
She's not mincing her words...
Anne-Marie has shared a new and very political song called ‘Dear Mrs Prime Minister'.
The singer-songwriter known for the hits ‘Ciao Adios' and ‘Rockabye' with Clean Bandit posted a two-minute video of her performing the song on Twitter.
Anne-Marie begins the song by singing: “Dear Mrs Prime Minister / We're not one bit similar / So how're you supposed to know a thing about us?”
“I don't believe a word you say,” she continues. “And as for Mr President / It's like World War III / And he doesn't give a fuck.”
“So much drama, people dying / Police shooting, children crying / You know? No, you don't,” Anne-Marie laments, before pledging to fight back with the lyrics: “No, we won't keep quiet / Nothing's gonna frighten us.”
Listen to the full song below.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Meanwhile, Anne-Marie recently revealed that her upcoming album, due for release in early 2018, will feature a collaboration with Ed Sheeran.
“We've been friends for nearly 10 years now, so we've always wanted to work with each other, and obviously he's always out of the country and I'm always out of the country,” she told NME. “So one time we were both in London and we just got in the studio and we did this song. We want work with each other more definitely – it's just the time.”
Anne-Marie's upcoming UK tour dates are below. Tickets are available here.
19 March Birmingham O2 Institute
20 March Manchester O2 Ritz
22 March London Roundhouse
27 March Glasgow O2 Academy
President Donald Trump's blunt, public warning to the Syrian regime late Monday night was cobbled together in a series of hurried discussions, squeezed in between meetings with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi — and kept among a small, tight circle of top officials.
Defense Secretary James Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson both arrived at the White House late Monday afternoon, ahead of the Rose Garden ceremony at which Trump and Modi each read a prepared statement. Upon the Cabinet members' arrival, according to a senior defense official, they were informed of Trump's plan to issue a public warning to Syrian President Bashar Assad, based on new intelligence that the Syrian regime was preparing another chemical weapons attack on its own people.
Story Continued Below
National security adviser H.R. McMaster, who also was at the White House for meetings, had already been briefed and had weighed in on the plan, administration sources said.
But no stand-alone principals meeting followed to discuss the intelligence, which Trump received Monday morning, according to two senior administration officials.
Rather, over the course of the day, officials said, McMaster, Mattis, Tillerson and a few other top officials had the opportunity to “work the language” of the statement, in between meetings with Modi. None of them expressed any hesitation or disagreement about the decision to issue a public warning, according to one of the senior administration officials.
But a Defense Department official acknowledged that the events were “fast-moving” and that there were minimal deliberations about the bold move — and that only a limited number of top military officials were aware of the new intelligence and planned response.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The episode marked another example of ongoing frustration between administration rank-and-file and leadership, which this time could carry serious consequences if the backbiting appears to weaken the U.S. government's resolve in turning up the pressure on Assad.
“It hurts American credibility,” said Ilan Goldenberg, a former State Department official who served under Secretary of State John Kerry. “When the Syrian regime sees a report that [government officials] have no idea, the message to them is that these guys don't have their act together. And if nobody at State knows, it hurts your ability to follow up and have a diplomatic game plan.”
But one former Obama administration official shrugged off the issues of communication between the White House and lower-level agency officials.
“There's a broader issue here of effective coordination and communication — sometimes the president contradicts his own people,” Tom Donilon, President Barack Obama's former national security adviser, said in an interview. “But I don't think that's the most important issue here. If, in fact, the United States has evidence that they're preparing a chemical attack, laying down a warning that you intend to follow through on is an appropriate thing to do.”
The careful language of the 87-word statement — which was drafted by the afternoon but not released until close to 10 p.m. — was cleared by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Central Intelligence Agency, the State Department and the Defense Department before it was blasted out from the press secretary's office.
On Tuesday, the White House insisted that military and State Department officials were not blindsided by the statement, which warned Assad that if he launches another chemical weapons attack, “he and his military will pay a heavy price.”
“In response to several inquiries regarding the Syria statement issued last night, we want to clarify that all relevant agencies — including State, DoD, CIA and ODNI — were involved in the process from the beginning,” the White House said in a statement released Tuesday morning. “Anonymous leaks to the contrary are false.”
Multiple administration officials said people surprised by the statement were simply not senior enough to be clued in — and some said they were frustrated that a bold move by Trump, which they believed could save lives, was overshadowed by a side story about leaks and internal disagreements.
“The story seems to be about whether or not a public affairs officer on a regional desk at the State Department was notified in what they would consider to be a timely manner,” vented a third White House official. “If Tillerson knew and some desk officer in the Middle East section didn't know, they need to take that up with Tillerson. It's not their right to know. It's his prerogative if he wants to share the information.”
The move, and the frustration were reflective of the Trump administration's approach of making key decisions within a close, inner circle — unlike the deliberative, and sometimes paralyzingly inclusive, decision making that defined Obama's process.
Despite the confusion and complaints over who was looped in and when, foreign policy experts lauded Trump's choice to make a public statement rather than to try to pressure the Syrian regime through diplomatic back channels.
The Trump administration “realizes they're being dragged into a very dangerous situation,” said Jim Jeffrey, a former U.S. ambassador to Turkey and Iraq and deputy national security adviser for President George W. Bush. He said the U.S. approach to Assad so far had been “a bunch of tits for tats” that seemed to have no long-term impact.
“The benefit of a public statement is they're now on record as saying, this shall not happen,” Jeffrey added. “There was a conscious decision made by the people who realize whatever we want to do in the Middle East, we're going to look like fools if they do this again, and we blow up a few more airplanes. We have to react very strongly to them.”
Trump's own seeming lack of interest in the issue, though, could also diminish the message's effect on Assad.
Instead of using the megaphone of his Twitter feed to amplify the White House statement, marked by his press office as “urgent,” Trump took to Twitter minutes after its release to harp on one of his personal obsessions. “From @FoxNews ‘Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election.' Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!” the president tweeted.
“He's very undisciplined,” said Jeffrey. “He does this all the time. That's a separate problem. But what's clear is that in the end, he goes along with what his top advisers tell him.”
Bryan Bender contributed to this report.
I'm sitting here tonight a little overwhelmed by my choice to buy the Super pack. Lets be honest, there's a lot going on in the game right now. The Kobali ship is fun to use, and the Anniversary gear set is well work the effort to get. And it's free. My OCD is telling me to downsize a BOFF collection bordering on being unmanageable. And of course, spending time to grind out Omega Upgrades.
After only seeing one new ship in Earth orbit, I broke down and bought it (although I am not happy they replaced the $100 option with a $200 option on the in-game store.)
Aesthetics – these ships are surprisingly good looking, and the forum images do not do them justice. The little details from sensors arrays and antennas to the spinning ‘AEGIS' dome on the bottom of the Romulan and Klingon versions (forgot to check if the Feds had them as well). I was shocked at the level of variation control you could have.
Update: Yes, the Fed version has the rotating AEGIS domes top and bottom, although they are very understated.
The design team knocked this right out of the park.
@LaughingTrendy – these are ships that deserve a video clip for each variation. Seriously. You'll increase your sales. Do a few flyby's. It will be worth the investment in marketing time.
@LootCritter tap-dancing hell, that is a beautiful ship — Morrigan (@LaughingTrendy) February 13, 2015
Functionality – I cracked the seal on the tactical versions first, primarily on the advice of the guys in the DPS channel for the “All Hands on Deck” Ship Trait. In turn I took each for a run – the Federation Presidio, the KDF Ty'Gokor and finally what became my immediate favorite the Romulan Vastam Command Battlecruiser.
Hands down the Romulans got the best variant.
The first ISA runs were clumsy with the multitude of new options (3 free Inspiration Abilities, 3 console platforms, the Kobali Regenerative Console, and Kobali Warp Core) and 4 new command powers. It was ridiculously overwhelming. My initial DPS? 16-18K while randomly attempting to deploy platforms, mashing my spacebar like a pro.
I can't wait to see what these ships can do in the hands of a decent pilot.
As a side note I ran the Romulan BC through VCE pug. I normally struggle even with a good group of players in VCE, but this ship handled like a dream. Concentrate Firepower 3 with TS3 was ridiculously fun.
Console Platforms – I was expecting these to have a shared cool down. I can happily report they don't share a cool-down timer. While I've yet to use them effectively (still reviewing the parses), the added bonuses for the 4-pc did appear to work as promised.
Now will I keep all 4 consoles in the final build? I honestly don't know. Normally you ditch the gimmicky or situational consoles for things that improve your performance. But the collective bonuses beyond the platform abilities are almost consoles in themselves. This is going to be a hard call.
I realize there will be lots of build ideas and tests to do over the next several weeks. But unlike any other ship I played with recently (initially hated the Guardian, grew to love it), the new Command Battlecruisers are impressive right out of the box.
UPDATE 2: I've managed to produce a consistent 16-18K even with the platforms. The Offensive platforms (you get 2 with the full set) and the Tachyon beam (range extended to 10km with the full set) platforms seem to be of most value in tight corners. ISA, KSA and CSA they proved to be of use. BKE however they were of little use, and actually held me back with only 5-7K even with a great group. 😦 . I think I'm going to try a Korfez build without them.
Damn Cryptic. Damn you. Please no more new ships for at least 2 months.
After her father was sentenced to life in prison, Thibes spoke of overcoming her 19-year ordeal by becoming a therapist to help other victims of sex abuse.
But four years later, the 33-year-old recently appeared in the same downtown Los Angeles courthouse where she once testified against her father, this time as a defendant.
Thibes has been in court for multiple hearings while judges and prosecutors decide what punishment she deserves. She could be sentenced to prison after her conviction last year for helping three gang members burglarize homes in Tujunga. (The Times generally withholds the name of sex crime victims, but Thibes wanted her name used.)
"I know I messed up. I feel like I let a lot of people down. I'm ashamed," Thibes said in a recent phone interview from jail.
Cases like Thibes' are a thorny challenge for the criminal justice system, one that judges and prosecutors routinely wrestle with: How should the courts punish serious offenders who have themselves endured difficult or abusive upbringings? The prosecutor who tried her burglary case said he feels torn as his office considers an appropriate sentence.
Rick Carr, a veteran Torrance police sex crimes investigator, was used to hearing harrowing accounts of abuse, but even he was shocked by the report he took in 2005.
Thibes was living in a Torrance apartment when she spoke to Carr about the sexual abuse. By then her father, Lindolfo, had already been arrested for stabbing her in Las Vegas.
She told Carr that her father began assaulting her when the family was living in Los Angeles and her mother was working as an overnight baby-sitter. He plied her with alcohol and drugs, starting with marijuana and later cocaine. He threatened to kill or blind her if she reported him.
He pulled her out of school when she was in sixth grade and rigged the family's West Adams home with surveillance cameras to monitor her movements and prevent her escape. He tortured her by beating the soles of her feet with a wooden stick and covered her head with a plastic bag until she passed out.
At 17, she gave birth to a child by him. By 24, she had had two more of his children.
"What this woman had to endure was unspeakable," said Carr, now retired from the Police Department.
(Court document)
Los Angeles County prosecutors filed sexual abuse charges.
At a trial in 2009, Carr recalled, Thibes' father acted as his own attorney and leered at his daughter during her testimony. He accused her of lying, but jurors convicted him of more than a dozen counts of rape and other types of sexual assault. He was sentenced to 109 years to life in prison. He had also been sentenced to prison in Nevada in the stabbing case.
During the L.A. case, Carr said, it seemed like Thibes was handling her life well. She and her children had moved into a house in Victorville with a boyfriend, and the couple had a son together. Her children enjoyed showing off their homework and school reports to visitors.
In an interview with The Times, Thibes recalled taking her oldest daughter to school on her first day of sixth grade. She was determined, she said, to give her kids the type of normal childhood she never had. But the experience of raising her children also reinforced the horrors of her own upbringing. She began pulling away from her children, she said.
"I was acting like a wild teenager rather than the adult that I am," Thibes said.
She started therapy after her father's arrest, but talking about her abuse made her feel worse, she said. So she quit.
"Not talking about it was the only way to protect my sanity," she said. "I didn't want to face my worst fears, and that was getting counseling and confronting my abuse."
Although some sexual abuse victims are more resilient, others suffer long-term psychological damage, mental health experts say. Some victims experience extreme anxiety, a sense of guilt and other problems. Some, as in Thibes' case, turn to drugs or alcohol, increasing their likelihood of ending up behind bars.
“What this woman had to endure was unspeakable.” Rick Carr, police investigator
Eighteen months after her father's arrest, Thibes crashed while driving drunk on the 105 Freeway. Two of her passengers were briefly hospitalized. She was placed on probation.
She broke up with her boyfriend and after her father's trial started dating Adam Ortiz, a gang member with a long criminal record. Months later, Ortiz was sent to prison for being a felon in possession of a firearm.
On June 1, 2010, three months after Ortiz's release from prison, Thibes went knocking on doors in a Tujunga neighborhood. "I'm here for an appointment with Sue. Is Sue here?" she asked one resident who came to the door, according to court records.
After finding homes where no one answered, Thibes returned to her minivan parked nearby. Ortiz, 25, and two other gang members got out and ransacked a house.
Police officers, tipped by a neighbor's call, responded and saw Thibes speed off with the men in the minivan. She ran stop signs and crashed while trying to escape.
A jury last year convicted her and the three men of residential burglary and attempted residential burglary and concluded that the crimes were to benefit a street gang. The men were sentenced to prison terms of at least 12 years.
Thibes has expressed remorse. She said she has never been a gang member and described Ortiz — the father of her youngest child — as violent and controlling. She feared saying no to him.
"All I pretty much know is chaos," she said.
After Thibes was jailed, a dependency court removed her children from her care. Thibes' attorney, Ron Seabold, said sending her to serve her sentence at a rehabilitation center where mothers can live with their children could help convince a dependency court judge that Thibes should be reunited with her five children, who range in age from 2 to 16.
(Court document)
Deputy Dist. Atty. Richard Gallegly, who prosecuted Thibes, said that by scoping out targets for burglary, Thibes acted as "the face of this crime." She was 30 and took an active role in a sophisticated plan to victimize others, he said.
But the horrifying nature of Thibes' history stands out, Gallegly said. He compared her to victims of recent high-profile sexual abuse cases, including Jaycee Dugard, who at 11 was kidnapped in South Lake Tahoe and repeatedly raped during 18 years in captivity.
"She wasn't far off that," Gallegly said. "We want to give her a chance, but she's in her early 30s.... When will she stand up and take responsibility?"
Gallegly said his office is willing to consider allowing Thibes to serve out her sentence in a rehabilitation facility if she is legally eligible.
Among the hurdles, however, is a state law that says someone who commits a serious crime, such as burglary, while on probation for another felony must be sentenced to prison. Thibes had one more week on felony probation for her 2006 drunk driving offense when she was arrested for the burglaries, court records say.
Immigration authorities had flagged her case for possible deportation, preventing her release from jail. Thibes' parents had brought her to the United States illegally from Brazil when she was 6. In July, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services sent Thibes a letter denying her request for permanent residency, citing her burglary conviction.
“I want him to die miserably in jail.” Tatiana Thibes, speaking of father who raped her
Public Counsel, a nonprofit public interest law firm, appealed the decision, arguing that Thibes had no choice in her parents' decision to bring her to this country and that she feared her father's family in Brazil might retaliate against her for testifying against him if she is deported.
On Wednesday, immigration authorities notified Public Counsel that the appeal had been granted and Thibes would become a permanent resident. Her public interest attorney, Gina Amato Lough, said she was hopeful that the decision would remove a key obstacle to her entering a reentry program for mothers.
It is uncertain when Thibes will be sentenced. She works in the booking area of the women's jail in Lynwood, helping deputies admit inmates.
She said she regularly talks by phone to her children. Recently, she has been trying to soothe her 5-year-old son's anxiety about starting kindergarten. The children, she said, always ask when she is coming home. She has stopped telling them it will be soon.
Thibes said she wants her father to suffer behind bars rather than follow the example of Ariel Castro , who killed himself in prison last month after being convicted of repeatedly raping three women he'd imprisoned in his Cleveland house for more than a decade.
"I want him to die miserably in jail. I don't want him to die and end his life that quick," she said.
Spending time in L.A. County jail, Thibes said, has given her time to reflect on what has happened to her and made her realize that she needs therapy. She said many of the women in jail share tales of their own abuse with her. She hopes to obtain her high school diploma and one day write a book about her life. She still wants to become a therapist.
RELATED: A long sentence for 'heinous' child abuse
That screen. It is beyond words. It definitely isn't the best you can get on the market but switching from your iPhone 5 to the 6 Plus' 5.5inch 1080p higher resolution display is completely jarring - in the best possible way. After only a days use, it made the iPhone 5 feel like a child's toy. I know you keep hearing about this effect, but trust me, you'll see. Not only is the screen larger, but the resolution is noticeably improved.
Apple has also finally implemented their laminated screen technology which has been a long time coming! By laminating the screen directly to the touchscreen glass, the iPhone is definitely more visible in bright outdoor situations. It also makes the phone experience more immersive as it feels like you are actually interacting with the pixels behind the glass. Scrolling through your Instagram feed, you'll notice details in pictures that you would have missed with your iPhone 5.
That Camera. Like me, you probably would have had your iPhone 5 for close to two years (on contract). Two years in the tech world is a millennium. It might only be an 8MP sensor but Apple have never been known to skimp on the camera hardware. Phil Schiller was right in the Keynote that the iPhone 6 generation of camera will to the very least signal the end of the point and shoot. This thing is better than most of them out there. The gorgeous 5.5 inch high resolution screen only adds to camera quality and experience giving you an infinitely better viewfinder (screen).
It's phase detection autofocus is so snappy, you won't have to deal with that camera launch lag the iPhone 5 had. Coming from the 5, you'll also finally be able to use the Slo-mo feature, and it is no joke! It works flawlessly and will blow you away the first time you use it.
That Battery. Rejoice! Charging twice a day will be a thing of the past. You'll most likely still have to charge once a day, but even the most phone-addicted users out there will struggle to kill the battery during waking hours. This is a huge benefit coming from the iPhone 5 which would last about 6 hours of moderate use before it had to be re-tethered to a wall. Travellers especially will love this iPhone 6 Plus.
That Touch ID. Sure, the 5S had it. When the 5S launched with it though, your thoughts about it were probably similar to mine - meh. With my iPhone 5, I had my phone passcode lock after 15 minutes. It was a pretty good compromise because 15 minutes of non use usually meant my phone wasn't with me. It was a good protection against people snooping through my phone and if my phone got stolen. With Touch ID your phone will ALWAYS be secure and without effort! Using the Touch ID is completely effortless and is one of those features that you don't consciously appreciate as much, until it is taken away. Using my iPad Air without a Touch ID has now started to get on my nerves!
That screen curves. This is one of those understated design & hardware features. I'm sure Apple mentioned it while spruiking their iPhone 6's at the conference, but only as a passing fact. It is part of Apple's secret design sauce and attention to detail that makes them the best of class. It enables your fingers to swipe your iPhone's glass screen seamlessly without sharp edged obstruction. It also adds to the perception that your (5.5 inch) iPhone's screen and bezels are thinner than they actually are - which helps tremendously with the transition from toy-like 5 to plate-sized 6 Plus.
ATHENS – Georgia may have some depth issues at tailback and on the defensive line, but the Bulldogs have plenty of depth when it comes to support of the football team.
Georgia's football support staff expanded considerably during the final years of coach Mark Richt's administration, and it has continued to grow under new coach Kirby Smart.
According to personnel records obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, there are now more than 40 individuals directly involved with full-time support of the football program. The number increases sharply from there when positions that have indirect involvement are included.
And it likely will increase. Smart has said he may continue to hire support personnel depending on whether he identifies a need he hasn't already anticipated.
“The support staff is a continual process,” Smart said. “It's not something that's just, ‘all right we're going to be done by this date.' … We have more support staff to hire. That's kind of next on the agenda.”
Smart has established several new positions already. Mike Cavan, a former head coach at SMU and longtime assistant under Vince Dooley, is now “special assistant to the head coach.” Cavan worked in development and fundraising before.
Smart also recently hired “senior graphics designer,” there is a “director of player wellness” and an “assistant director of football operations.” That's at least four positions Georgia employs now that it didn't previously.
Officially, UGA counts 37 individuals among its football support staff, including the 10 members of the coaching staff. However, that does not include several people whose jobs extend beyond the football program into other areas of the athletic association.
For instance, Ron Courson is Georgia's director of sports medicine by title, and his duties expand beyond football. But his office is in the football training room at the Butts-Mehre Football Complex, and he oversees every aspect of injury treatment and rehabilitation for the football team.
Also, there are people like Sidney Smith, who is listed only as a “sports nutritionist” in the UGA Athletic Association directory and does not have a biography included on the school's website. But she is fully dedicated to supporting the football team. Smith describes her occupation on her personal Twitter profile as “director of UGA football performance nutrition” and posts nutritional advice there daily, along with pictures of the meals and snacks she is preparing for the football players to help with their training and recovery.
Georgia lists 50 individuals under “football staff” in its 2015 media guide. That includes Courson, three other assistant athletic trainers, two interns, two unpaid chaplains and a grounds supervisor.
The list will be longer in the 2016 guide, as has been the trend the last three or four years.
“You saw a change in our numbers around 2013-14,” Georgia Athletic Director Greg McGarity said. “We had some turnover in our coaching staff. We had some new staff members coming on that saw various needs that we hadn't seen before. That brought about a level of support that had not been seen before on campus. Mark made those recommendations and we got it done.”
According to documentation provided in compliance to Freedom of Information Act request, UGA is spending about $5.6 million annually on football support personnel. That's up from $5.2 million a year ago and comes after losing two significant positions the last two years.
John Eason, who was director of player development, and Dave Van Halanger, who was director of player welfare, have retired. They earned $356,479 a year between them. But Smart quickly wiped that out between internal promotions and external hires.
Former Bulldog and NFL player Jonas Jennings was promoted from player relations coordinator under Richt to director of player development under Smart. That position came with a salary of $211,500, which meant a $136,500 raise for Jennings. McGarity characterized that as a “competitive counter.”
Bryant Gantt, who was listed as a program coordinator II under Richt, was named director of player wellness by Smart. He received a pay increase of $41,000 to $125,000 per year. He was making $58,000 two years ago.
Josh Lee remained director of football operations for Georgia, but he got a $55,000-a-year bump in pay to do so and now makes $180,000. Plus, he now has an assistant director. Brad Hutcherson made $65,000 to do the job by himself two years ago.
Similarly, Marshall Malchow recently was hired from Washington as Georgia's director of on-campus recruiting at $180,000 a year. That's $70,000 more than Daryl Jones made in the same role two years before.
Of course, Smart comes to Georgia from Alabama, where Nick Saban took support staffing to a new level.
Large football support staffs have been utilized for years in pro football, with NFL teams employing as many “analysts” and “quality-control specialists” as they like for off-the-field preparation for opponents and evaluating personnel. In 2007, Saban brought that concept with him from the Miami Dolphins to Alabama.
The NCAA restricts support staff members from coaching players on the field, but otherwise hasn't limited the number that programs can employ. They assist by organizing recruiting efforts, breaking down game and practice video, overseeing travel operations, serving as mentors for players and even monitoring what they drink and eat.
Saban spoke extensively about the necessity of support staffs at the College Football Playoff championship in Phoenix in January.
“We love it that we can have some extra guys around that are young guys that aspire to be coaches,” he said. “I think one of the most difficult things about our profession is, how do you get experience so that you can grow and develop as a coach? The fact that we can have a few extra guys now to be analysts, to break down film, to do quality-control-type work, that is beneficial to some guys that can move on to maybe become graduate assistants and get on the field and get some coaching experience.”
There is evidence of a path being worn from the quality-control office to the football field. Former Georgia and current Alabama defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt began at Alabama as a defensive quality-control specialist in 2007. Todd Hartley just left UGA as director of recruiting to become Richt's tight ends coach and special teams coordinator at Miami.
Smart brought Glenn Schumann with him to Georgia from Alabama, where Schumann was a defensive analyst for four years. Likewise, Dell McGee left his job as head coach at Carver-Columbus High to become an offensive quality-control specialist at Auburn. He joined Georgia Southern's staff as a full-time assistant for two years before Smart hired him as the Bulldogs' running backs coach in January.
“I think it's a great thing for our profession to be able to develop coaches,” Saban said. “And I think those guys have now created a role and a niche for themselves that's every important to every program, because we all depend on them.”
Obviously there's a lot of money pouring into college football at the moment, particularly in the SEC. Thanks in large part to the success of the SEC Network, each of the 14 league members received a check for more than $31 million last year.
That said, these staffs can't continually expand. There is a growing movement afoot to stem the tide of spending in this particular arena. The SEC introduced a legislative proposal last year to govern the size of support staffs, but it didn't gain national support.
“We continue to have conversations about the proliferation (of) staff size,” SEC Commissioner Greg Sankey told CBSSports.com. “Where's the end of proliferating staff size?”
McGarity was attending a meeting of NCAA leaders in Chicago on Monday and said it continues to be an area of discussion there. But he said he doesn't see Georgia's recent staff expansion as an extravagance.
“It's not, ‘School A has 40; I have to have 40,'” McGarity said. “That's just not how we operate. Each step of the way, there has to be a justification on their role. Tell me the justification, what they're gonna do. If we all agree on it, we get it done. Now that I've been able to see what these people, I see what they do on recruiting weekends, I see how valuable they are to our operation.
“And as long as they're important to Kirby, they're going to be important to me.”
Pop diva Madonna has been accused of using the Charlie Hebdo massacre to promote her upcoming album 'Rebel Heart'.
Two gunmen killed down 12 people, including journalists and two policemen on Wednesday at an attack on satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, reported New York Post.
The 56-year-old star Instagrammed a 'Je Suis Charlie' image on Wednesday, sharing words of peace while also hashtagging her own album title, 'Rebel Heart'.
"These are very scary times we are living in. Ignorance breeds Intolerance and fear. We can only fight darkness with light! We are all Charlie! revolutionoflove #rebelhearts," Madonna wrote.
She posted a picture of Parisian protesters, saying, "We must respect all religions! But we must also respect human life!! Killing in the name of God is man's idea not God!!!! livingforlove #rebelheart.
Keeping a secret doesn't just take a toll on your mental health -- it can also feel physically burdensome, a new study suggests.
Researchers from Tufts University found that people who know of another's deep secret -- for example, one concerning sexual orientation or infidelity -- were more likely to perceive certain tasks as more arduous.
For one part of the study, participants were asked to remember a secret they were told -- some were asked to remember a "meaningful secret," while others were just asked to remember a "small personal secret," Everyday Health reported. Then, they were asked to estimate things, including how steep a hill was and how far a distance was.
The people with the meaningful secrets "estimated hills to be steeper [and] perceived distances to be farther," researchers wrote in the study.
And in another part of the study, researchers had people who'd recently been unfaithful to a partner rate how much that act of infidelity bothered them, Everyday Health reported. Then, they were asked to say how much effort it took to do tasks like give carry groceries upstairs, help someone move, or walk the dog.
The researchers found that the people who were more weighed down by their acts of infidelity were more likely to say that the everyday tasks required more effort and energy, according to the study.
"The more burdensome the secret and the more thought devoted to it, the more perception and action were influenced in a manner similar to carrying physical weight," researchers wrote in the study. "Thus, as with physical burdens, secrets weigh people down."
SCHOOL children are lucky to be alive after the roof of their double decker bus was ripped off as its driver tried to go under a low bridge.
Thai students studying at the Cavendish School of English in Bournemouth escaped serious injury despite many of them being on the top deck at the time of yesterday's crash.
Just two of the teenagers were taken to hospital, both suffering from minor injuries.
The accident happened as the bus tried to go under the bridge at the junction of Clingan Road and Cranleigh Road, outside Stourfield School, just before 8.30am.
Hundreds of pupils were on their way to both the junior and infant schools but no-one else was hurt despite the roof crashing to the ground and flying glass and debris.
The road was closed on both sides of the bridge, as was the train line across the bridge, until 12pm.
Head of Stourfield Junior, Emma Rawson, told the Daily Echo: "I was in my office talking to one of my senior team when we heard an almighty crash.
"Someone said a lorry had gone into the bridge but when we got outside we realised it was a bus. I got on to the bus and some of the children downstairs were quite distressed.
"I was amazed when more children started coming down the stairs from the top deck."
Miss Rawson said she helped the students - around 16 young people from Thailand aged between 14 and 16 - into Stourfield Junior and contacted Cavendish School of English for assistance.
Two thirteen year old girls were injured, one with a possible fractured finger and the second with head injuries.
Teresa Hughes was on her way to work in Southbourne when she saw the bus with its roof ripped off outside Stourfield Junior School.
She said: “I was heading from Clingan Road towards Cranleigh Road and I couldn't believe what I saw.
“The roof is completely off and its right outside the school. It was very lucky that no one was killed.
She said the bus did not appear to be from a company which usually operates in the area and added: “I've never seen one like that before.”
One woman said she saw children duck before witnessing what she thought was an open-top bus coming towards her, as it travelled towards the Cranleigh pub. The bus came to a stop about 30 metres after the point of impact.
Mum-of-two Vicky Chadwick said she was amazed no one was hurt.
Resident Deborah Duke added: "It's just unbelievable."
Cavendish School's Operations Manager, Nathan Santangelo-Barber, said: “We are devastated here. We have no idea why the driver attempted to drive under that bridge.
“The bridge is clearly marked and there are also warnings in the cab of the bus.
“Our first priority is the welfare of the children who are now all back at school and were happy to go back in class right away.”
He said the driver, who has not been named, has been “taken under suspension pending an investigation.”
The bus is operated by the school's sister company, Cavendish Liner, and was collecting children from host families to allow them to be chaperoned to school.
Mr Santangelo-Barber said the driver is helping police with their inquiries.
The health and wellness programs that proliferated under Obamacare as a way to help people quit smoking, start exercising, and develop healthy habits, could take a disturbingly intrusive turn under a Republican bill that would require employees to undergo genetic testing to see what diseases you carry in your genes—and allow employers to see the results—or face a financial penalty.
If Obamacare is nanny state, the GOP bill, “Preserving Employer Wellness Programs,” is Big Brother, potentially sanctioning an alarming misuse of medical information. There are not that many identifiable genetic markers yet, but there will be more in the future. If you carry the breast cancer gene, or the one for cystic fibrosis or Alzheimer's, how would you feel about sharing that information with an employer?
The legislation, H.R. 1313, is a notable departure from traditional Republican thinking about privacy, reflecting instead the GOP's intent to purge regulations that might in their view impede sound business decisions.
Only 5 percent of employers attach penalties to wellness plans if workers fail to meet goals or choose not to participate, says Jennifer Mathis, director of policy and legal advocacy at the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law. “But there is increased interest among employers to do that (impose penalties) because they're so desperate to reduce health care costs—and that's what this is about—it's testing the waters,” Mathis says.
Sponsored by North Carolina Republican Virginia Foxx, who chairs the House Education and the Workforce Committee, the bill has the backing of the Business Roundtable and the Chamber of Commerce, while the AARP (American Association of Retired Persons) and an array of worker groups are opposed.
Foxx's office referred me to the committee's spokeswoman, who did not respond to my interview request. But this is what she told CNBC: “Those who are opposed to the bill are spreading false information in a desperate attempt to deny employees the choice to participate in a voluntary program that can reduce health insurance costs and encourage healthy lifestyle choices. We believe families should be empowered with that choice, and so did the Obama administration. It is another sad reminder of just how extreme the Democrat Party and their liberal allies are becoming.”
It's true that Obamacare opened the door wider for these programs. The ACA allows employers to charge workers 30 to 50 percent more for health insurance if they do not participate in a wellness program. Employees get bonuses for participating or meeting their goals. These programs can include medical screening that involves a blood test for diabetes and a blood pressure test—but not for a genetic test, which carries untold implications for discrimination.
The GOP bill would override privacy protections in a 2008 federal law, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA), which prevents employers from mandating genetic testing unless it's part of a wellness program, and participation is voluntary. It also challenges protections implicit in the Affordable Care Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Health and wellness programs have an almost cult-like following in the business community. Despite a number of studies, including one by the RAND Corporation, showing they don't cut costs significantly, or deliver meaningful changes in employee health, there is enough positive data to suggest they are the wave of the future.
A constituent of Congresswoman Foxx who blogs under the name “Caffeinated Rage” and identifies himself as a public school teacher with a special needs child, suggests that before Foxx presses this bill any further, she and others who support the bill should be willing to submit themselves to a genetic test. “Maybe, we would then discover the very gene that predisposes one to obey the influence of large insurance company lobbyists rather than the very people that person is supposed to serve,” he writes.
Jennifer Mathis with the Bazelon Center said she wouldn't be surprised if “Preserving Health and Wellness Programs” passed the House, but she was “skeptical” there are 60 votes in the Senate assuming the Democrats don't forfeit the filibuster in the upcoming fight over the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch.
Senate hearings get underway this week. Vice President Mike Pence has vowed that Gorsuch will win confirmation “one way or the other,” a clear warning that Republicans are prepared to change longstanding rules requiring a super majority to a simple majority to get what they want. It's called “going nuclear,” and for good reason. The fallout would be a significant loss of power for the minority, and a blank check for the majority and its biggest backers.
Care Of Orchids
Taking Care Of Orchids
The hobby of raising orchids has been celebrated for over 100 years, but taking care of orchids is something that many people think cannot be done by a novice. But I must tell you, even the non-experienced can grow orchids! In fact, some orchid species are quite simple to care for and with at least 20,000 species of the plant to choose from, this is a hobby that most anyone can tackle.
We all know that orchids love humid climates which is why a lot of people assume they cannot grow them themselves. While it is true that some need tropical weather, others will do well with 40% huymidity..
Tips For Proper Care Of Orchids:
First off, you definately should have a good book to use for reference and guidance. Orchid expert Nigel Howell has an excellent ebook - The Orchid Care Expert - that consists of all kinds of tips and information and you can download it right away. A great eBook will ensure your success and make things a good deal easier.
Humidity is essential for your orchids survival. You want to make sure to select your plants carefully according to the amount of humidity the species should have. Orchids need between 40 and 70% humidity so you'll want to pick one that needs the amount of humidity you can provide.
You'll want to be certain you can provide your orchids with the right amount of sunlight. Orchids do not necessarily need a lot of sun, so be sure to find out what is appropriate for your species. Either way, putting your plant near a sunny window should work fine but you might also consider grow lamp if you are in a northern area for added light in winter.
One thing that all plants need, and orchids are no exception is water. This is in fact where a lot of beginners go wrong - they give the plant too much water! Orchids will benefit from modest weekly watering. Watering is a balancing act because you don't want to leave standing water, but you don't want the soil to dry out too much between waterings either.
Taking care of orchids doesn't have to be difficult in fact, you might discover that the difficult part about growing orchids is choosing which species you want to grow!
President Obama's attempts to wriggle free from his own words and actions on Libya are making things worse.
American Crossroads, taking exception to Obama's announcement last night that he really had declared Benghazi to be an act of terrorism, has sent out a memo, which reads:
The President clearly misled the American people with this claim, because if Obama's Rose Garden speech was indeed the White House position, it did not inform any subsequent statement by the White House press office — and was even directly contradicted by his own spokesman several days later.
On September 20 — eight days after Obama claims to have called the Benghazi attack an “act of terror” — Jay Carney affirmed to reporters that the White House had never called it “a terrorist attack.”
From the gaggle on Air Force One, en route to Miami, 9/20/2012:
Q: Can you — have you called it a terrorist attack before? Have you said that?
MR. CARNEY: I haven't, but — I mean, people attacked our embassy. It's an act of terror by definition.
Q: Yes, I just hadn't heard you —
MR. CARNEY: It doesn't have to do with what date it occurred.
Q: No, I just hadn't heard the White House say that this was an act of terrorism or a terrorist attack. And I just —
MR. CARNEY: I don't think the fact that we hadn't is not — as our NCTC Director testified yesterday, a number of different elements appear to have been involved in the attack, including individuals connected to militant groups that are prevalent in eastern Libya, particularly in the Benghazi area. We are looking at indications that individuals involved in the attack may have had connections to al Qaeda or al Qaeda's affiliates, in particular al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb.
Here, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney actually affirmed Gov. Romney's position that the White House did not call the Benghazi attack an act of terrorism. Carney also said the now infamous video “precipitated some of the unrest in Benghazi” the day before.
The memo goes on to argue that Obama's position on Libya is “untenable.” That's about the shape of things. Did he call it an act of terror and go around misleading the country for two weeks that it was a spontaneous reaction to the anti-Muslim movie? Or did he not call it terror on Sept. 12 and lie to the voters last night?
There is another problem with Obama's response. Recall this part of his answer: “So as soon as we found out that the Benghazi Consulate was being overrun, I was on the phone with my national security team, and I gave them three instructions. Number one, beef up our security and — and — and procedures not just in Libya but every embassy and consulate in the region. Number two, investigate exactly what happened, regardless of where the facts lead us, to make sure that folks are held accountable and it doesn't happen again. And number three, we are going to find out who did this, and we are going to hunt them down, because one of the things that I've said throughout my presidency is when folks mess with Americans, we go after them”
So there was no actual meeting of the National Security Council at which everyone could share information and get on the same page? (David Axelrod has refused to say.) It doesn't sound like it. But you know Obama was busy that day — flying to Las Vegas for a campaign event. So really, why have a meeting? Well, the weeks of confusion and dissembling that followed should answer that.
Moreover, if he actually did instruct his team to heighten protection for the Libya Consulate, why was the consulate left unsecured so that CNN could waltz in to grab Ambassador Chris Stevens's diary? Did Obama not make himself clear, or were his instructions not followed?
The more we learn the more we see how both dishonest and incompetent has been the handling of this entire incident. The Obama White House may be out spinning the press to buy into the Obama-Crowley line, but no one is buying it. As the rest of the information comes to light, the president retains less and less credibility. Like a fish on a line he flops this way and that, trying to break free of his self-created trap.
And finally, this Reuters report suggests the administration was entirely unprepared for the 9-11 attacks.:
In the months before the deadly attack in Benghazi, Libya, U.S. and allied intelligence agencies warned the White House and State Department repeatedly that the region was becoming an increasingly dangerous vortex for jihadist groups loosely linked or sympathetic to al Qaeda, according to U.S. officials.
Despite those warnings, and bold public displays by Islamist militants around Benghazi, embassies in the region were advised to project a sense of calm and normalcy in the run-up to the anniversary of the September 11 attacks in the United States.
In short, it appears that the Obama administration didn't take 9-11 all that seriously, and when tragedy hit, it went into spin mode. Now the president is caught in a tangle of contradictions. Not even Candy Crowley can get him out.
More on Libya from The Washington Post:
Erik Wemple: AP's Libya fact-check very kind to Obama
Jennifer Rubin: Obama and Crowley get it wrong on Libya
Erik Wemple: Libya questioner — Obama didn't answer my question
Jamelle Bouie: Romney lost by swinging and missing on Libya
Jonathan Bernstein: Conservative closure catches Romney
Labour must “get its act together” so it can defend low-paid workers who are facing the most concerted attack on their living standards in a generation, the head of the UK's biggest public service union has said.
Dave Prentis, the general secretary of Unison, said it was unacceptable that while tens of thousands of teaching assistants, carers and support workers were worrying about how they were going to “put food on the table” because of the government's austerity programme, members of the shadow cabinet were indulging in infighting.
“Right now, our members – many of them low-paid women – are lying awake at night, wondering whether they will have a job in a few months or fretting about how they are going to feed their children once the tax credit cuts hit,” he said. “Meanwhile, we have a Labour party which does not seem to be focused on standing up for them. Labour cannot afford to degenerate into infighting.”
Corbyn's kneeling row – a 'constitutional crisis' that just went away | Michael White Read more
The warning follows a series of statements and briefings by the party's MPs, which critics say have been intended to undermine the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn. In the latest case, Maria Eagle, speaking on BBC1's Andrew Marr Show, backed the head of the armed forces when he voiced opposition to the Labour leader's position on Trident nuclear weapons.
Prentis said voters would not forgive the party if it turned in on itself rather than defending the vulnerable and low-paid who were under “unprecedented attack” from the Tory government.
“People will not vote for a divided party so Labour has got to get its act together,” he said. “They have got to recognise that the real enemy is a Tory party devastating the lives of millions of low-paid families – not other people within the Labour party.”
It emerged on Thursday that Jeremy Corbyn is planning to protect himself from any challenge to his leadership by ensuring he remains on the ballot paper even if the parliamentary party declared they had lost faith in him.
It was reported last night Corbyn was planning to raise the issue at a meeting of the national executive next week, but in practice any rule change guaranteeing a sitting leader spurned by the parliamentary party remaining on the ballot paper could only be agreed by the party conference in the autumn.
One party rule in the section on the leadership states: “Where there is no vacancy, nominations may be sought by potential challengers each year prior to the annual session of party conference. In this case, nominations must be supported by 20% of the Commons members of the PLP.”
Arguably, this leaves Corbyn open to challenge annually before any autumn conference and the party leader would need the support of a fifth of Labour MPs to stand again.
In practice, Labour MPs, collectively largely opposed to Corbyn, sense that they cannot exclude him from the ballot paper if they passed a motion of no confidence in him and he still wanted to stand. If Corbyn stood down, the Left want to ensure that the filter of moderate Labour MPs cannot block leftwing candidates from standing.
Unison backed Corbyn in the Labour leadership election and Prentis, who is standing for re-election as general secretary, said the impact of the tax credit cuts combined with further attacks on public services were hitting women particularly hard – and driving millions of families close to destitution.
“We are now seeing that our members – who are often women in work with families – are being hit the hardest. For someone on £20,000, their take-home pay is being reduced by 10%. This is devastating and is affecting 2.7 million families, 5 million children.”
George Osborne is coming under growing pressure over his deficit reduction plans from within the Conservative party. The former Tory prime minister, Sir John Major , criticised the “shocking” impact of inequality in Britain, saying more was needed to be done to tackle the gap between rich and poor.
Who will champion the need to pay for public services? | Polly Toynbee Read more
And a Conservative-controlled select committee condemned Osborne's proposed changes to tax credits on Wednesday, urging him to consider a pause to undertake a fundamental rethink of his priorities.
Prentis issued a direct appeal to the chancellor to think about the impact his “cruel” policies were having on millions of people across the country. “You have got to row back on the whole idea of taking money away from low-paid workers who have suffered so much since the recession,” he said.
“These are people who work, people who never expected to be hurt in this fashion. It is cruel and shows a complete lack of understanding of how much people have gone through over the last seven years.”
The chancellor is expected to announce further deep cuts to public services in the spending review later this month, with four departments already accepting cuts of 8%. Prentis warned there were real concerns that, as funds dried up, crucial, statutory public services would cease to exist.
“We are seeing a collapse in home care, the collapse of residential care … There are serious, serious concerns about about how public services are going to be able to carry out the functions that are required of them to keep our communities safe,” he said.
Lordy, Lordy, Lordy, look what the pollsters just brought in.
A pair of new surveys revealing that President Obama is still declining and has hit a new low in job approval among Americans just 56 weeks after they elected him with a decided margin.
A Top of the Ticket post Tuesday on the relative popularity of Sarah Palin and Barack Obama erred in stating in the text and the headline that there was a Palin-Obama gap of 1 point. Two separate polls were cited, as the post notes, so the findings are not directly comparable.And -- wait for it -- Republicanis successfully selling a whole lot more than books out there on the road. Even among those not lining up in 10-degree weather to catch a glimpse of pretty much the only political celebrity the GOP has these days.
First, el jefe. Facing double-digit unemployment, rising spending, deficits and Afghan war casualties plus a keystone but stalled healthcare reform effort that caused a rare Sunday presidential visit to Capitol Hill, Obama recently fell below 50% job approval for the first time.
Then, last week's deft dance of rhetoric over sending reinforcements to Afghanistan but, on the other foot, bringing them home quickly maybe gave him a brief boost. That, however, collapsed with equal rapidity.
Obama's new Gallup Poll job approval number is 47%. Last month it was 53%.
Regular Ticket readers will recall how in this space in late November we pointed out that Obama's closely watched job approval slide was coinciding with Palin's little-noticed rise in favorability. And it appeared they might cross somewhere in the 40s.
Well, ex-Sen. Obama, meet ex-Gov. Palin.
The new CNN/Opinion Research Poll shows Palin now at 46% favorable. [A previous version of this post said that, at 46%, Palin was “just one point below her fellow basketball fan." The CNN/Opinion Research Poll did not ask respondents about Obama.]
(The same poll, btw, has bad news for Dick Cheney-haters; the outspoken former VP has climbed out of the 29% basement, back up to 39% now. How do you suppose he's done that without a new book? But that's another story.)
Not that either Palin or Obama will admit caring about such trivial things as disparate political polls....
Hint: It's why arsonists love fire
Hiring the GOP to get rid of your debt problem is like hiring the GOP to get rid of your bin Laden problem. It has never worked before and it won't work now.
Like Paul Ryan, Mitt has used this so-called debt emergency to propose a budget that cuts anything that doesn't specifically benefit the rich. He then offers the richest Americans more tax breaks on top of the already untenable Bush tax breaks that were supposed to expire before the GOP let the economy become a global financial crisis.
Mitt claims that he'll pay for some of his tax breaks with offsets—and Mitt, of course, refuses to name one offset. That's a pretty good sign you don't actually care about the debt.
But how can I get away with saying Mitt loves debt? That's a strong charge.
Well, I have evidence. Without serious offsets that he refuses to name, Mitt's budget would closely resemble Paul Ryan's budget which leads to bigger deficits than the President's budget they rail against. Lovely.
Of course the GOP loves the debt. If this debt ever starts to go away, they'll lose a wonderful excuse to cut anything that benefits poor people.
Democrats know that the GOP loves to use the debt as an excuse. So they hate it.
President Obama, for instance, actually hates debt. How do you know?
He reformed a health care system that had been socialized by Ronald Reagan. He took this mess that costs more and performs worse than the rest of the industrialized world and made it into one that will cover nearly everyone. It will provide preventative care and patient protections while emphasizing personal responsibility. But President Obama would only sign it if these reforms cut more than $1 trillion from the deficit over 20 years.
Like George W. Bush, President Obama added benefits to Medicare. But President Obama paid for the benefits he added, which will lead to further savings as outcomes improve.
Man, that guy hates debt.
But Romney is like Ryan and the House GOP. For them the debt is just a fun excuse to teach poor people a lesson.
For instance, last year the House GOP destabilized global markets to get a debt deal they won't even honor. This assault on the middle class slowed the recovery, hurt our credit, made life more miserable for the most vulnerable and threatened another recession.
Now that we're finally creating over a hundred thousand jobs a month, they're threatening to do the same damn thing again.
This cannot stand. GOP lies cannot drown out our message this time.
3 truths must get out.
The Stimulus worked DESPITE GOP sabotage.
How else did we suddenly go from losing 800,000 jobs a month to creating them in May of 2009? The GOP is almost single-handedly responsible for this debt we've accumulated.
And it is still holding middle class tax breaks hostage to keep tax breaks for the rich. Faked concern about about the debt is designed to freak out the middle class.
That's how you get people thinking “the government” is trying to to take away Medicare. That's Wall Street, pal. Using the fear that conservative economics creates, the GOP tricks voters into giving up the backbone that made America great.
Debt is a boogeyman for the GOP. America has the money to balance our budget easily no matter what Pope Grover Norquist says. Any American that isn't willing to ask those who can pay to pay what they did in the 90s doesn't believe in growing the success America makes possible.
The only way to solve our debt crisis is to do a simple thing: put Americans back to work.
So the GOP is doing everything they can to make new jobs scarce and lacking in benefits. Because, better than anyone, Mitt Romney knows that Americans with good jobs aren't as easy to push around. And Americans with good careers their families can rely on are too secure to vote for anyone who loves debt.
Shogo Akiyama isn't quite ready to say he's better than he was last year. There's evidence Akiyama has taken his game up a level — the Seibu Lions outfielder is playing pretty well for a team that's also off to a decent start — but so far he's been content to look at his early results with little more than cautious optimism.
Akiyama has been swinging the bat well and is patrolling center field better than he did a year ago. He's giving the Lions a steady presence at the top of the order, which can help spark big innings for a team with a powder keg of offensive prowess in the middle of its lineup.
In 2014, Akiyama never got his batting average above .212 during the first two months of the season. This year, he was named the Pacific League's Monthly MVP for hitters, his first win, for his play in March (four games) and April. He's kept his head above water this month as well.
“I'm not sure if I've improved,” Akiyama told The Japan Times on Friday at Seibu Dome. “I just feel good with the way I'm hitting and luckily I've come up with these results. If I can keep this up throughout the year, then I can call it an improvement. But the season has just started, so it's a little early to say that.”
Akiyama is currently hitting .347, second-best in Japan, with three home runs and 14 RBIs. He has 10 doubles, three triples, 11 walks, six stolen bases and has scored 33 runs.
Akiyama also leads NPB with 70 hits. His scorching start in April and early this month even had some in the media wondering, a bit too early, whether he could possibly make a run at 200 hits (a mark only Ichiro Suzuki and Tsuyoshi Nishioka have reached in the PL) or even Matt Murton's single-season record of 214.
“It'd be great if I could come up with as many hits as possible,” Akiyama said. “But we still have (a lot of) games left, so I can't think about that until everything is settled.”
Akiyama's main focus right now is bouncing back from a 2014 season that didn't start well and ended with him hitting just .259 with a .356 on-base percentage. He didn't hit for any power either, connecting on just four home runs, though he managed 24 doubles, in his 131 games.
The 27-year-old had been solid for the Lions in 2012 and 2013, so last season was a bit of a letdown.
He set about tweaking a few things during the offseason, and felt changing the placement of his hands might help him get more out of his at-bats.
“I lowered my grip on the bat, and my swing is more lateral,” he said. “Last year, my hands were higher and I felt like I was swinging down more.”
He was satisfied with how everything was working during the spring and entered the season with a lot of confidence.
While Akiyama never really fully recovered from a poor start in 2014, he's gotten this season started off on the right foot.
The next challenge is keeping everything pointed in the right direction.
“The best thing would be to win the championship,” Akiyama said of his goals for the rest of the season. “I also have great expectations for how much I can contribute by the end.”
Brandon police are asking the public to help them identify a woman and her daughter in an unusual and mysterious case.
The woman, 30, and her daughter, 7, came to Brandon in August and police have been involved in an investigation for a little over a month.
They're definitely victims. - Sgt. Kevin McLean, Brandon Police Service
Shortly after arriving in Brandon in the summer, the woman contacted a social agency. That agency then called police.
"They're definitely victims," said Sgt Kevin McLean, public information officer with the Brandon Police Service.
McLean said the victims have made some serious allegations that are "sensitive in nature," preventing police from disclosing much information.
He wouldn't say what those allegations were, only that without the public's help to identify the mother and daughter, investigators can't move forward with the case.
Case is 'very unusual'
"They had absolutely no identification on them," said McLean. "It's very unusual. I've been doing this job for 26 years and nothing like this has really happened in Brandon, anyway."
Investigators believe the mother and daughter came to Brandon on their own. They're now trying to find out where they are from and where they've been. Police have been speaking with the two females but need more information to better determine the scope of their investigation.
'It's a very good possibility they've changed their appearance in some way. It's a good possibility that they're not using the name that they used before. They may be using a different name," said McLean.
It's a very good possibility they've changed their appearance in some way. - Sgt. Kevin McLean
Police insist the females are victims and not suspected of any wrongdoing. Officers now need information from the public to confirm their identities and learn more about their circumstances.
"We don't really have a lot to go on concerning where they're from and things like that. They are co-operating with us, but they're not providing the information that we need," McLean said.
On Oct. 9, police released a photo of the two that was taken in Brandon recently. It was altered to block out information investigators didn't want to be made public. They also issued a public appeal for help in identifying the victims.
"If anyone's seen them, if anybody knows where they might be from, if anybody's dealt with them in the last little while, or in the last several years, that's what we're looking for," said McLean. "We're just looking for something to follow up on some information from anywhere."
Police aren't just limiting their scope to Manitoba. They're asking that the photo be distributed throughout Canada and the U.S.
McLean wouldn't say if police suspect there could be other victims.
"All we're really looking for is help identifying them and then once we have that help then we can proceed, and after that we can release more concerning the investigation," said McLean.
UPDATE Oct. 16: The woman is now charged with public mischief for allegedly lying to investigators about being the victim of human trafficking. Because the child is now in CFS custody, the pair can't be identified.
tien13378 Member
Join Date: Jul 2007 Posts: 57
iTrader Ratings: 0
:
One way to attach mini Fissidens on the rock or carpet
I introduce one way of my friend how to attach minifissiden to rock or carpet, my English not good enough to explain detail so please see pictures
First step
Set up your hard scape whatever you want
Wash the fiss
Use grinder to grind the fiss
Spay the water to moist the fiss, rocks and carpet
Rub the fiss that grinded to the rock
Remain fiss put on gravel
Cover tank with anything to keep the fiss/rock ... moist
After 5-7days you can fill the water
After three weeks
Ref other tank did same way
Visit Hi All,I introduce one way of my friend how to attach minifissiden to rock or carpet, my English not good enough to explain detail so please see picturesFirst stepSet up your hard scape whatever you wantWash the fissUse grinder to grind the fissSpay the water to moist the fiss, rocks and carpetRub the fiss that grinded to the rockRemain fiss put on gravelCover tank with anything to keep the fiss/rock ... moistAfter 5-7days you can fill the waterAfter three weeksRef other tank did same wayVisit here to see more pictures of this tank
It wasn't President Obama's State of the Union call for "opportunity for all" or new tools to help the unemployed that's gotten Republicans riled up: it was his declaration that he would "take steps without legislation" to solve the problems he thinks the country faces. That, according to Sen. Ted Cruz and others, is all but a declaration of dictatorship.
Cruz didn't wait to hear what Obama said during his speech on Tuesday night to draft his rebuttal, which ran in The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday morning. Pivoting off the president's declaration that he had "a pen and … a phone" with which to take action even when blocked by Congress, Cruz declared that the "president's persistent pattern of lawlessness" and push to work around Congress "should concern every citizen."
Most of Cruz's argument, as might have been predicted, centers on Obamacare, the fight that made Cruz's career. But he also isolates Obama's announcement that he would unilaterally raise minimum wages for federal workers, which Cruz mistakenly says happened on Monday. An "imperial presidency threatens the liberty of every citizen," Cruz writes in conclusion, "[b]ecause when a president can pick and choose which laws to follow and which to ignore, he is no longer a president."
RELATED: New York Representative Threatens to Break Reporter in Half Following SOTU
Cruz doesn't specifically call Obama a dictator, opting instead for a sort of "I'm not saying he's a dictator, but" route. National Review's Victor Davis Hanson doesn't do the same tip-toeing. "If Obama used to sigh to supporters that he was not a dictator who could just implement progressive agendas by fiat," Hanson writes, "he now seems to have done away with the pretense of regret." Hanson, who writes about the dictators of ancient history when he's not opining on modern politics, points out Obama's decision to emphasize children. "Note as well that Obama says he will bypass Congress for 'our kids.' Politicians usually cite the 'kids' when promoting something that is either illegal or unethical." Or when running for office or basically doing anything.
It was inevitable that Obama's decision to do what he can outside of Congress would result in criticism. Speaking to the Today show on Wednesday morning, Vice President Biden tried to downplay the contentiousness of the speech. "That's not what he said. He said, 'I'll work with the Congress, I want to work with them,'" Biden said. "I think you'll see much more cooperation with the Congress this year than you have the past five years." That's not a high bar — Democrats generally point to the obstructionism of the Republican House as the motivation for Obama's decision to focus on executive actions. But even that low bar will probably not be overcome.
RELATED: Obama Calls for 'Opportunity for All' in the State of the Union
As The New York Times' Carl Hulse points out, there's not really much reason for Congress to worry anyway. On that minimum wage increase, Hulse writes that "the White House refused to say how many workers might gain under the new wage policy." Boehner dismissed the move on Tuesday on those grounds, saying it "will affect absolutely no one." And, Hulse notes, "anyone who succeeds him can use the stroke of a pen to undo Mr. Obama's actions just as Mr. Obama did to some Bush-era policies one day after his inauguration in 2009." (Cruz — who worked in the Bush administration — tries to win Democrats to his side in the Journal by asking that they consider how they'd feel if a Republican acted unilaterally.)
Of course Cruz tends to be hyperbolic. In response to Obama's threat in the State of the Union address that he would veto any new Iran sanctions while the country is working with the U.S. and its allies under an interim deal — a threat he's made before — Cruz suggested that New York could be nuked. All because he ignored Congress.
RELATED: Sean Hannity's Genius Idea Ensures Men Never Have to Pay for Birth Control
On 22 October, police in the southeastern Indian state of Tamil Nadu charged Indian educator, researcher, and activist T. Jayaraman for comments allegedly made in his recently published book. Police in Mayiladuthurai — a town in Tamil Nadu — offcially accused Jayaraman of speaking against national sovereignty and integration, an act punishable under the Indian Penal Code Section 153B (1)(b).
Jayaraman is a professor at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences in Mumbai and a researcher in climate policy. He is also known for his activism in stopping a coal bed methane (CBM) gas project in Tamil Nadu.
Last July, Jayaraman was also arrested — along with eight others — for participating in protests against the Indian multinational, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, and its oil extraction in Kathiramangalam in Tamil Nadu. For the 42 days he was detained at the Tiruchirappalli Central Prison, Jayaraman penned the 48-page booklet at the center of the current conflict.
The booklet titled, “Nathigalai Inaippum Aarugalai Pidungi Virkkum India” (Interlinking of Rivers and India Snatching and Selling Its Rivers), was released the same day Jayaraman was charged, and allegedly addresses concerns about the possibility that the River Inter-Linking project would lead to corporate control of public water sources.
FIR filed against Anti-Methane protester T Jayaraman reportedly for Speaking& Publishing against d Integrity of nation.@NewIndianXpress pic.twitter.com/Ik5htJjtWc — M Manikandan (@Mani_TNIE) October 29, 2017
The Indian Rivers Inter-link is a large-scale civil engineering project that aims to connect 37 Himalayan and peninsular rivers. The idea is that the water-surplus rivers will be contained with dams, and the excess water will be diverted by a network of reservoirs and canals to rivers that need more water flow. This project is aimed at reducing persistent floods in some parts of the country and water shortages in others. However, ecologists and environmentalists have warned that the project is imprudent, dangerous and a disaster in waiting. More than half a million people are likely to be displaced in the process, and a lot of cultivable lands will be destroyed.
According to Jayaraman, the project is not only imprudent, but could also lead to corporate control of public water sources:
…the corporate companies are funding this project, and in return, the rivers will be under their control and the farmers and public have to buy water from these corporate companies and the book deals with these problems.
Jayaraman claimed that the charges are baseless and the book is not against national unity. He also asked:
How is this a democracy if I am not allowed to express my thoughts? Are we not allowed to write against government schemes anymore?
People reacted to the situation on Twitter:
This is sad! Have people lost their right to critique govt plans such as this, finally?https://t.co/jfC3IxgrFs — Ranjan Panda (@ranjanpanda) October 30, 2017
Can anybody make me understand how opposing govts policies become sedition? https://t.co/Pes3JsZu4v — काणो बाबो (@Ghoomta_Aaena) October 31, 2017
This. Is. Despicable. Debate cannot be stifled; dissent must not be silenced. The law must not be misused. https://t.co/U6tikIeN4Q — JayEnAar (@GorwayGlobal) October 30, 2017
In the past, the Tamil Nadu government has used sedition laws to target anti-nuclear protestors. In December 2011, more than 6,000 protestors from fishing villages of Idinthakarai and Kudankulam were charged under Section 121 (waging war against the government) and Section 124A (sedition) of the Indian Penal Code for their protests against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant. In 2016, sedition charges were also filed against Amnesty International India, on the grounds that certain slogans used in one of their events were insulting to India.
Lawyer and Activist Prashant Bhushan from New Delhi writes in Facebook:
Sedition case for writing against river linking! This is a most financially, socially, environmentally disastrous idea.
Outrageous. The Tamil Nadu Police is a law unto itself. In 2012 they filed 8000 sedition cases for a single protest. https://t.co/G4SwVsRU3s pic.twitter.com/mpvJaYUOeB — Anand Ranganathan (@ARanganathan72) October 30, 2017
It remains to be seen whether the case against Professor Jayaraman will hold up. In the case of Kedarnath vs the State of Bihar (1962), the Indian Supreme court outlines the limits of a citizen right to criticize government:
IT'S FINALLY FINISHED!! Drawing this was super fun, and I got to do some special effects practice! Hope it doesn't look too busy with all the stuff overlapping; I had no idea this picture would become as complicated as it is. Hope it was worth the wait…? There's good news and bad news…
1) The bad news is I happened to dislocate my knee a couple days ago…so that sucks.
2) The good news is being chained to the house gives me all the time in the world to draw!! So look forward to a buttload of art coming! Toriel and Undyne are already in the works, and I plan to do Sans and Asgore down the line; maybe Alphys… not Mettaton or Papyrus though…too human. Drawing fingers already was a stretch sooo…anyway YAY!!
SPEEDPAINT!!
Fantastic game and amazing characters belong to Toby Fox…the God Dog.
*Credit also goes to a specific artist for giving me permission to use one of their poses in this picture.
In light of today's visit by President-elect Trump to Indiana to take credit for saving some 1,100 Carrier jobs from being offshored to Mexico, a recurring question is what was the Trump quid to Carrier's pro quo to get the deal done.
As reported yesterday, Carrier did issue a press release, perhaps to confirm that it hadn't merely caved to Trump team pressure, when it said that "the incentives offered by the state were an important consideration" adding that "this agreement in no way diminishes our belief in the benefits of free trade and that the forces of globalization will continue to require solutions for the long-term competitiveness of the U.S. and of American workers moving forward."
As we further noted, shortly after the deal, questions emerged as to what the motive behind Carrier's decision may have been. "Was Carrier pressured into doing a deal that was not in the best interest of shareholders of its parent, United Technologies? Was strongarming involved? Did Trump make a major concession as part of a political deal or did Carrier simply bend over backwards to appease the President-elect?"
Overnight, The Hill similarly focused on the nuances of the deal, adding that fiscally conservative groups are staying quiet about the deal for the time being. "But if it turns out that Trump and Pence have offered any special concessions to Carrier — either at the federal level or the state level, given that the vice president-elect is still the governor of Indiana — then those free-market groups are likely to cry foul."
“The particulars of this agreement haven't been released, but our position on corporate welfare is well-known and that has not changed,” said Brent Gardner, chief government affairs officer at Americans for Prosperity. The group is the major grassroots organization within the network of conservative mega-donors Charles and David Koch. Chart Westcott, a Texas-based investor who belongs to the Koch donor network, said that considering United Technologies is a major defense contractor, he would have no trouble if “Trump went in there and simply was using his leverage … saying, ‘Look, you want to do business with us? This is part and parcel of doing business, is not shipping American workers overseas.' ” “I'd see that as a positive,” Westcott said. “That's just saving American jobs using the leverage and the bully pulpit of the U.S. president.” But if Trump cut a deal with Carrier in which American taxpayer dollars are being spent, “then that's a huge moral hazard and not necessarily a good thing for the U.S. taxpayer, even if it is great for the workers at Carrier,” Westcott added. “That's the kind of government interference that I oppose.” “So the devil,” he added, “really is in the details.”
Conveniently, we now have the details.
As Fortune reports, citing a source close to the company, Trump called Greg Hayes, CEO of Carrier's parent company United Technologies, two weeks ago and asked him to rethink the decision to close the Carrier plant in Indiana. Hayes explained that the jobs were lower-wage and had high turnover, and the move was necessary to keep the plant competitive, according to the source. He said the plan would save the company $65 million a year.
Trump then replied that those savings would be dwarfed by the savings UTC would enjoy from corporate tax-rate reductions he planned to put in place. During the recent campaign, Trump threatened to slap tariffs on Carrier imports from Mexico.
So what were the "incentives"? In the end, UTC agreed to retain approximately 800 manufacturing jobs at the Indiana plant that had been slated to move to Mexico, as well as another 300 engineering and headquarters jobs. In return, the company will get roughly $700,000 a year for a period of years in state tax incentives. Still, some 1,300 jobs will still go to Mexico, which includes 600 Carrier employees, plus 700 workers from UTEC Controls in Huntington, Ind.
In summary, the "math" works out to $636 per year per job saved in tax savings: hardly an egregious sum, and one which could likely be extended to other companies (unless, of course, those other companies decide to hold Trump hostage and demand escalating pay schedules) if and when Trump's fiscal stimulus package is implemented. It remains to be seen if the popular response, outside of conservative groups, will interpret this trade off as taxpayer funded "moral hazard."
WASHINGTON, July 12 (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is considering whether to appoint a criminal prosecutor to investigate the Bush administration's interrogation practices involving the CIA, and is expected to make a decision in a few weeks, a Justice Department official said on Sunday.
The official, who declined to be identified, said any investigation would only cover those who went beyond the Justice Department's legal advice at the time that authorized various harsh interrogation techniques.
Those CIA employees who acted in accordance with the Justice Department's approved methods at the time would not be investigated, the source said on condition of anonymity.
This was the position the Obama administration announced in April when it released the Justice Department memos during the Bush era that had authorized waterboarding and other coercive methods of interrogation of terrorism suspects.
The official described Holder as "very reluctant" to open the investigation, but said the attorney general could be forced to do it because of the "nature of the conduct" at issue.
Justice Department spokesman Matthew Miller said Holder will "follow the facts and the law."
"We have made no decisions on investigations or prosecutions, including whether to appoint a prosecutor to conduct further inquiry," Miller said. "As the attorney general has made clear, it would be unfair to prosecute any official who acted in good faith based on legal guidance from the Justice Department."
(Reporting by Jim Vicini; Editing by Doina Chiacu)
As cities around the country experiment with gun-buybacks to get weapons off the street, one man has started a group to do just the opposite. It's called the "Armed Citizen Project," and it aims to provide guns to poor Americans in high crime neighborhoods.
"As criminals have more reason to fear the citizenry, crime begins to drop as a result," Kyle Coplen, the founder, told FoxNews.com.
This week, the group gave out its first weapons.
"We just trained and armed a class of 10 women. They are now empowered with the knowledge and tools to put holes in those that would do them harm," Coplen said.
To test his theory that guns will make people safer, Coplen also plans to arm an entire neighborhood in Houston that currently has a lot of crime, and use that as a case study to find out what happens to the crime rate after residents have been armed and trained.
[pullquote]
Some Houston residents are interested.
“I would definitely take advantage of the offer if they operate in my neighborhood as I think it would be extremely beneficial, not only to me, but also to others in my neighborhood,” Nancy Adossi, a 23 year-old graduate student, told Foxnews.com.
Adossi says that her neighborhood, Greenpoint, has earned the nickname “Guns-point” from local residents.
“Oftentimes, one can hear gun shots at night... Due to my commute by bus every day, I often get home around 11pm to sometimes 12am... I have often felt very vulnerable.”
On one occasion, she says, a car followed her to her place, only turning around because police cars were near the area.
Houston, a city of more than 2 million people, had more than 20,000 incidents of violent crime reported to authorities in 2011, including 198 murders and 771 rapes.
The Armed Citizen Project's first training session was led by a law enforcement official. The training focused on how to use and maintain a firearm, but also extended to legal topics.
“My experience with the armed citizen project was a great one,” Amey Tinsley, a participant in the training program, told Foxnews.com. “Now that I've participated I feel well prepared in the event I ever need to protect myself.”
At the end of the training session, each participant received a shotgun. Coplen chose to give out shotguns because they are cheap, “a great home defense weapon,” the shot is less likely to go through walls, and the weapons are of less value to criminals than handguns.
Tinsley, who had never owned a gun before, says she's happy to have one because of recent burglaries at her apartment complex. And she thinks the Armed Citizen Project could reduce crime.
But others say the project could have tragic consequences.
“Handing out guns in a high-crime neighborhood is like distributing cigarettes in a community with a high incidence of respiratory disease,” said Ladd Everitt, the Director of Communications for the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence.
“Studies have repeatedly shown that guns in the home are exponentially more likely to be used to kill or harm their owners--and their owners' loved ones--than any potential home invader.”
A 2011 report by David Hemenway, director of the Harvard Injury Control Research Center, also argued that “for most contemporary Americans, scientific studies indicate that the health risk of a gun in the home is greater than the benefit.”
However, others dispute that. And guns are used in self-defense between 100,000 and 2 million times each year, while there were just over 600 accidental gun deaths in 2010 (the most recent year for which data exists) according to the CDC.
Tinsley said she thinks the project will have a positive impact.
“I believe this project will in fact work. If someone has burglary in mind and knows for a fact that owners are armed in a specific neighborhood, I don't believe that person would still force entry in someone else's home,” she said.
Coplen is currently raising money on his site, www.armedcitizenproject.org, to fund more guns and training. If his project continues to get support, Coplen plans to expand the program beyond Houston.
“We intend for this project to become national, and we will be arming communities all across the country. My goal, for the first year, is to train and arm 1,000 households,” he said.
The writers of this piece can be reached at maxim.lott@foxnews.com and charles.couger@foxnews.com.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) has a message for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV): leave Charles and David Koch alone!
Reid has escalated his tirade against the billionaire Koch brothers, who donate heavily to Republican causes, recently calling them “un-American” and accusing Senate Republicans of being “addicted to Koch.”
Addressing the Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland on Thursday, Christie told attendees that Republicans must rise above the vitriol and offer a more positive message.
“We have to start talking about what we're for and not continuing to rail against what we're against is because of one simple reason, our ideas are better than their ideas,” he said. “And if you need any further example of that, just look at what's going on in terms of what they're for in Washington, D.C. What they're for in Washington, D.C. is to have the leader of the Senate Democrats stand up and rail against two American entrepreneurs who have built a business, created jobs and created wealth.
“Harry Reid should get back to work and stop picking on great Americans,” he added.
MSNBC “Morning Joe” host and Christie pal Joe Scarborough on Thursday similarly slammed Reid for his war against the Kochs.
“To say that the Koch brothers are against everything that is good with America and calling them quote ‘un-American,' that by definition is McCarthyism,” he said.
The NIV Bible is no more. Alas.
The version that many grew up reading has finally ridden off into the sunset, never to return. Zondervan has phased it out, buried it, and replaced it with something else.
Many people denied that a significant change had taken place, and tried to act like the Bible being sold now as the NIV is indeed the NIV they grew up with. That myth was sustainable for a while, but eventually it just didn't work. This year many Christian schools finally dropped the NIV, and replaced it with something else. Even AWANA was forced to make the change.
So what is the fuss about? If you are a parent of a Christian school attender, and you just found out you need to buy a new Bible for the year, or if you got a letter in the mail telling you that all that you can go shopping for new AWANA books, well this is for you. It is a FAQ guide to the NIV, with an explanation for why churches and ministries are dropping it:
Why did so many churches and schools change their translation this year?
Because Zondervan, the company that makes the NIV, stopped publishing it last year. It was widely used in churches and schools, and this change forced those that used to find a new translation.
What do you mean they stopped publishing it? I see the NIV still for sale in book stores.
A brief history of the NIV: Translated in 1984, it quickly became one of the most popular versions, especially in schools. Then in 2002 Zondervan released an update (TNIV), which went over as well as New Coke, and the beloved NIV was resurrected. This time Zondervan learned from their errors, and released an update that they called the NIV2011, and for one year they sold both it and the NIV. But with a name like NIV2011, shelf-life was obviously not in view, and last year they simply dropped the old and beloved NIV, and then shrewdly dropped the “2011” from the updated one. In short, they pulled a switcheroo. What you see on shelves today is the new version which is sold and marketed as the NIV.
How is the NIV on the shelves now different from the one I've been reading for 20 years?
There have been deniers about the demise of the NIV. Many people have tried to hold onto the idea that the new one is the same as the old. After all, they have the same names, so how could they be that different? But the more people have tried to use the new one, the more the changes are evident.
Here are the stats: 40% of verses have been changed from the '84 editions of the NIV. The stat that Zondervan gives is that 95% of the Bible remains unchanged. I assume they are counting words and not verses, but even so I'm not sure how they got that number. When you consider individual words, the new version is 9% new. That might not seem like a lot, but in schools and with curriculum, verses are what is important, and that means that 4 out of 10 passages needed to be updated.
Why not just stay with the NIV? Why are people switching away?
For the school that I help oversee, it was a combination of reasons. We didn't want to make a switch, but we realized that the new NIV was different enough from the previous version that a switch was being forced on us. Even if we had stayed with the NIV, it was a different version than the one we had been using (and this is obviously what AWANA realized as well). In light of that, we looked at the change as an opportunity for us to pick any translation we wanted. After all, if our hand is being forced, we wanted to at least choose what it was being forced to do .
Who translated the new NIV? Certainly it wasn't the executives at Zondervan.
The committee was made up of some well known scholars. Douglass Moo (Wheaton), Kenneth Barker (Dallas), Craig Blomberg (Denver), Gordon Fee (Regent), William Mounce (Gordon-Conwell), Bruce Waltke (Reformed Theological), and Ronald Youngblood (Bethel) are the evangelical heavy-hitters. Karen Jobes and Richard France have some of the best NT commentaries, and they were on the committee as well.
Why did they make changes?
Some skeptics say they did so for sales reasons. The ESV and Holman were eating at the NIV's market share, and this was their way of fighting back. I, however, am a purist, and think that the committee had real convictions about places where the old NIV could have done better. This was their way of making a better Bible translation. After all, scholarship has improved, and there are areas where English grammar has changed.
So what's the problem then? Why are people leaving the NIV in droves? Why did the Southern Baptists vote their disdain for it?
Baptists voted against it because they don't like change (ha ha; I actually link to their reasoning above, in the blue). But for the rest of us, the problems fall under a couple different headings. First, there are gender issues. Obviously English has some fuzzy gender language, and often we make single objects plural. Where the Greek might say “if any of you has his lights on, return to his car,” the NIV now would go with something like “Whoever left their lights on in the parking lot, needs to return to their car.” That's fine and well, until you realize that many passages have masculine pronouns that possibly have messianic implications. For example Psalm 1:1 in the classic NIV vs. the New NIV: “blessed is the man who does not walk in the counsel of the wicked” vs. “blessed is the one who does not walk in step with the wicked.” Is there possibly an allusion to the Messiah that has been obscured with the gender neutral pronoun? And what is up with “in step” in the update? Does that not lessen the prohibition?
And that's just Psalm 1:1. The update has these questions everywhere.
But my biggest issue with the new NIV is that they allow their understanding of “overall theology” to affect how they render verses. When I got my first copy of the new NIV, I sat down and spent almost the whole day reading it (one of the reasons I love being a pastor). I saw things I liked and didn't like, but then I got to 2 Cor 5:17. The new NIV says: “Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, the new creation has come: The old has gone, the new is here!” I am not as troubled by the way they rendered that verse as I am by the reasoning they gave for how they did it. This is what their translator notes say (the link takes you to the PDF download of them):
“This time it is the Greek that is elliptical, reading simply ‟new creation.” Is it the person in Christ who is the new creation? Yes, of course. But if that's all Paul meant, there are other more natural ways he could have said it. Given his overall theology that the coming of Christ and the new era he inaugurated began the period of the restoration of all things that would culminate in new heavens and new earth, it is likely that Paul is making a much more sweeping claim than just the salvation of the individual believer. A new universe is in the works!”
The bold is mine, and it marks the part where I decided to stop reading the NIV. It sounds like they are saying that their understanding of Paul's “overall theology” (which in their view reads like some sort of post-millenialism) justifies moving away from a verse that is often memorized and turned to as a clear declaration of the radical nature of an individual's salvation. In other words, they take a verse about how cool it is to get saved, and change it to what reads like post-mil who-ha. And that would be fine if they backed it up grammatically (and using the phrase “elliptical” does not count). But they don't make the case on its own terms, and instead they import errant theology into their translation process. Blah.
So is the NIV a bad translation? Let's cut to the chase: were demons involved in it?
The NIV is not a bad translation. All of the major English translations (KJV, NKJV, ESV, Holman, NAS, NLT) are good and trustworthy. They represent the word of God in the vernacular language, and countless people died as martyrs to grant us the privilege of having that available.
But with that said, we live in a world with different translations, and we have the ability to choose. It boils down to the fact that some of those good translations are better than others, and the dropping of the NIV gives churches and schools the opportunity to start over, and decide which of the good translations they want to go with.
Will you miss the NIV?
Ok, that is not a FAQ, but I'll answer it anyway. I liked the NIV, and I wish I got to have a funeral of some kind for it. In the eulogy I would wax eloquently (new NIV: “discuss”) about how it brought Scripture into the modern era, and freed translations from the grip of the Anglicans and the Victorians. I would shed a tear for its translation of Romans 9, which rhetorically towered above the other English versions. And then I would read a eulogy from perhaps Psalm 23—but I most certainly would not read it from the update.
NBA.com staff report
Chicago Bulls guard Derrick Rose, who has missed three straight games with a right hamstring injury, will undergo an MRI on Monday because of soreness in his right knee.
Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg said Rose's hamstring “is definitely getting better,” and Rose told reporters before Sunday's game against the Raptors in Toronto that he felt good and expected to be playing soon, perhaps as early as Tuesday against Milwaukee.
ESPN Chicago's Nick Friedell reported that Rose initially thought he would be able to play Sunday but woke up with some “discomfort,” so the Bulls medical staff decided to play it safe.
“I'm getting better every day,” Rose said. “It's improving every day. I had a little bit of swelling. That's gone. I just have to figure out my schedule a little bit better. I'd rather have this problem of overworking myself than actually being out there in a game and something happening during the game and something serious. If anything, I just have to cut back a little bit more.”
Rose tore the ACL in his left knee in April 2012. Eighteen months later, he tore the medial meniscus in his right knee and had a meniscectomy on the same knee in February 2015.
Category: HT News, Uncategorized / Tags: , Chicago Bulls, Derrick Rose, Fred Hoiberg / 3 Comments on Bulls' Rose set for MRI on right knee /
BANNOCKBURN, Ill. (CBS) — After hearing for weeks that all Dominick's stores would shut down or be sold, there is a mystery at one location.
The Dominick's in north suburban Bannockburn will be staying open for about a month. The emptied shelves are now restocked with food for sale at full price.
CBS 2's Derrick Blakley went shopping for answers.
Just days before most are shutting down, the Bannockburn Dominick's got a last minute reprieve.
“I just heard that,” said Dominick's shopper Sarah Grundlach. “We're excited 'cause we live right down the street and its super convenient and I think its great news.”
Bannockburn village officials confirm the store remains open until at least January 25.
“I'm glad to hear that at least for the employees involved,” said Dominick's shopper Vince Sparrow.
It's a striking contrast. Most Dominick's were practically picked clean after shoppers flocked to 50 percent off clearance sales, but in Bannockburn, the sign out front declares, this store no longer selling items at discount. The shelves have been re-stocked, from the produce aisle to the deli counter.
Tammy Madison is still worried about what happens after January 25.
“I'm wondering what's going to come into this area,” said Madison.
Bannockburn officials are wondering that as well. There is speculation that Sunset Foods, an independent north shore grocer, might take over the space. But from Sunset officials today, no comment.
Without a buyer, the pain is only delayed.
“These workers, they become part of your family. It's just sad. Very sad to see this happening,” said Angel Levin.
Mariano's bought 11 of the Dominick's sites, Jewel another four, leaving 57 stores, including the one in Bannockburn, with their ultimate fate still undecided. Most will close December 28th.
HANOI, Vietnam (AP) — Vietnam's ruling communists fired the party boss in the southern commercial hub of Ho Chi Minh City after finding he made “serious mistakes and violations” while heading oil and gas monopoly PetroVietnam.
Dinh La Thang had earlier been removed from the powerful Politburo, the highest decision-making body of of the Communist Party of Vietnam. He headed PetroVietnam from 2006 until 2011, when he was appointed transport minister. He served until early last year, when he took up the posts in the Politburo and Ho Chi Minh City.
The party's inspection committee said in April that Thang permitted an investment in the private Ocean Bank that exceeded regulations, causing “very serious losses to PetroVietnam.” He also was found responsible for a lack of oversight over four major projects, resulting in their suspension and financial losses.
State-run Tuoi Tre newspaper quoted Thang as telling a meeting in Ho Chi Minh City announcing the changes that the party's decision to remove him from the Politburo was “reasonable” and that he apologized to the people and the party for his mistakes while heading PetroVietnam.
The paper reported Monday that Thang has been named deputy chief of the party's Economic Commission. He remains in the 180-member Central Committee.
His replacement in Ho Chi Minh City is Nguyen Thien Nhan, a Harvard-trained official and head of the Fatherland Front, an umbrella group of pro-government mass movements.
Nhan, 63, was deputy mayor of Ho Chi Minh City until becoming education minister in 2006 and later was elected to the Politburo and appointed chairman of the Fatherland Front.
Ho Chi Minh City, with the population of more than 10 million, is the country's economic engine, contributing 23 percent of the GDP.
Canadian Income Tax Calculator 2015
There are big savings for filing on time even if you can't pay all your taxes right away.
Find out how much 2015 income tax you owe in Canada in one easy step.
If you would like to know the income tax for 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010 or 2009 see our
Choose year 2014 income tax calculator 2013 income tax calculator 2012 income tax calculator 2011 income tax calculator 2010 income tax calculator 2009 income tax calculator
Remember that some life insurance types impact your overall tax situation. For example, whole life insurance or universal life insurance are typically the best for a single individual, as the growth of cash in these policies is tax-deferred as long as your deposits don't violate the maximum tax accrual rules.
When you are married, a permanent joint last-to-die life insurance policy might work very well. It pays out a tax-free benefit to the policy owner's beneficiary when the second spouse registered on the policy passes away.
A small tip: don't forget to file your taxes on time. There are big savings by filing on time, even if you can't pay all your taxes right away.
These calculations do not include non-refundable tax credits other than the basic personal tax credit.
Regular Annual Income: Your annual taxable income excluding income from investment such as capital gains and dividends. 1x Capital Gains: Capital gains are profits which result from a disposition of a capital asset including land, buildings, shares, bonds, fund and trust units, where the amount realized on the disposition exceeds the purchase price. The gain is the difference between a higher selling price and a lower purchase price. 50% Eligible Dividends: Generally, eligible dividends are dividends you have received from big, public companies. 1,38x Ineligible Dividends: Generally, ineligible dividends are dividends you've received from smaller, private companies. 1,18x Total Annual Income: RRSP: Deduction Claimed for Current Year Taxable Income: PROVINCE TAX CREDIT TAX PAYABLE AFTER TAX INCOME AVERAGE TAX RATE MARGINAL TAX RATE Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Nova Scotia Newfoundland Labrador Northwest Territories Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon
This article is about the social gathering. For the song, see Player's Ball . For the film, see Playas Ball
The Players Ball is an annual gathering of pimps, held in Chicago, Illinois. Other Players Balls take place across the country, most notably in Miami and Atlanta. Presently, there are "Players Ball" events in Las Vegas and Memphis, Tennessee. On December 16-18th 2011, a Players Ball was hosted in Hollywood, CA.[1]
Official Bishop Don Juan Players Ball [ edit ]
The 38th annual official Players Ball 2012 was held Saturday December 8, 2012 at the Key Club, Hollywood, Ca. Nick Cannon was the Dj for the event who is rumored to be in production filming a movie about Bishop Don Juan.
The 35th Anniversary of the Players Ball, was held on Saturday, December 5, 2009 at Chez Roues Banquet Hall in Chicago, IL. Ditch performed his first Players Ball show there.[2]
History [ edit ]
The idea stemmed from a scene in the 1973 blaxploitation film, The Mack,[3] in which the lead character, a pimp named Goldie, attends The Players Ball in Oakland, California. Comedian Dan Aykroyd parodied this event in his film Doctor Detroit.[4] Dave Chappelle satirized the event with "The Playa Haters' Ball" on an episode of The Chappelle Show. The party has been a November tradition since 1974, when pimps from across the country gathered to celebrate the birthday of Don Juan now known as Bishop Don "Magic" Juan. Every year, the award for "Pimp of the Year" is given out. Juan was the winner 13 years in a row.[5]
Documentaries [ edit ]
The Player's Ball was shown in the HBO documentary Pimps Up, Ho's Down[6] and the Hughes Brothers' documentary, American Pimp.[7]
A DVD entitled Master Players Ball was also released in 2006. The DVD featured live scenes from a "Players Ball."[8]
Controversies [ edit ]
2003 arrests [ edit ]
In 2015, the Players Ball took place in Atlanta, GA. A former prostitute by the name of "Tina F." reported that several pimps were arrested for having underage prostitutes, and claimed "Two years ago in Atlanta, they stopped it and arrested 15 pimps and charged them. One pimp had a 10-year-old girl in his stable." [9]
2005 protest [ edit ]
In 2005, a former prostitute identifying herself as "Brenda Myers-Powell." protested the Players Ball event at Mariella's Banquet Hall on 5th Avenue in Maywood, IL. Brenda called the event a "ball for child molesters" because she began being trafficked by pimps at the age of 14 and says her experience is a common one.[9]
Matthew Thompkins indictment [ edit ]
In 2006, Matthew Thompkins, a former Postal Worker of Manhattanville, NY, was indicted. He was a former "Pimp of the Year" of the annual Players Ball. His aliases included; "Knowledge" and "Daddy." [10] While searching his property, Police located two "Pimp of the Year" awards.[11]
Other versions [ edit ]
Las Vegas, Nevada [ edit ]
A well-known non-pimp Players Ball started in 1999 was thrown in Las Vegas and New Orleans as a private party for businesses attending adult oriented events. The event is organized by D-Money. The event was thrown twice a year and may coincide with other adult events such as AVN or Internext Expo. The last players ball event thrown by D-money, who has officially ended the events, was on June 9, 2010. Official Website http://www.theplayersball.com
Memphis, Tennessee [ edit ]
In 2011, the annual Memphis Players Ball was also attended by Bishop Don Magic Juan, Good Game, MattShizzle, Candyman, The Black Hef and others. Ditch performed at the Memphis Ball which was located at a mansion in Memphis, TN.
Past events have featured performers including:
Jiwon Lee (Facebook) missing person Jiwon Lee.
Lee was last seen on April 1, at her apartment on West 98th Street. The 29-year-old was a student at Columbia Dental School, and was the president of the American Student Dental Association. She had also worked for AmeriCorps, teaching math to middle school students in New York City, and was a comedian as well. Lee was also reportedly bi-polar, had suffered from depression and tried to commit suicide before.
Her body was found on Saturday afternoon at 3:28 p.m.; according to the Daily News, she was clad in a "sweater, underwear and boots." The Post notes, "Her cellphone was tracked to the George Washington Bridge, prompting speculation she had jumped."
On the GoFundMe page set up to raise money to search for her, her brother posted, "Thank you for your continued prayers, donations, and support. Unfortunately, Jiwon, beloved daughter, sister, and friend has gone on to a better place. Our family thanks you at this time for respecting our privacy. We are currently planning a memorial service to honor Jiwon and will post further details as soon as possible."
The ME's office is investigating Lee's cause of death.
If someone you know exhibits warning signs of suicide: do not leave the person alone; remove any firearms, alcohol, drugs or sharp objects that could be used in a suicide attempt; and call the U.S. National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255) or take the person to an emergency room or seek help from a medical or mental health professional.
LONG BEACH, California – A new ground-based telescope project named Minerva will be dedicated to uncovering extrasolar planets in our nearby stellar neighborhood. Given its small size and relatively low cost, it could represent a way for astronomers to produce top-notch science at a time when money is scarce.
Since the first exoplanets were discovered in 1995, they have been among the hottest topics in astrophysics and they will probably dominate the field for the foreseeable future.
Here at the American Astronomical Society 2013 meeting nearly a third of all talks are about new exoplanet findings. During the meeting, NASA announced that its Kepler space telescope, a dedicated planet-hunting mission, had added more than 460 new candidates to its list of potential planets, bringing the total up to nearly 2,800. Along with the recent discovery of Earth-sized planets around some of the nearest stars, such as Alpha Centauri and Tau Ceti, evidence suggests that nearly every star in the galaxy has at least one planet. Not bad for an area of astronomy that barely existed 20 years ago.
Trouble is, the current generation of telescopes are starting to hit their limits. Kepler is now uncovering worlds that are roughly Earth-sized. Finding the planets around Alpha Centauri and Tau Ceti required hundreds of observations and pushed the boundaries of the available data.
It will take at least five to 10 years before a new generation of telescopes – such as the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) or ground-based behemoths like the European Extremely Large Telescope (E-ELT) – comes online. JWST will have seven times the collecting power of the amazing Hubble space telescope while the new enormous ground-based telescope projects have mirrors comparable in size to blue whales. But in astronomy, bigger doesn't always have to mean better.
Minerva is taking a different approach. It will consist of four relatively small telescopes, each with a 0.7-meter mirror, not much bigger than a cat. Each night, the telescopes will wake up and scan the nearest and brightest stars, those within about 75 light-years of our sun. Night after night for three years, Minerva will stare unflinchingly at these stars, recording any small perturbations in their orbit.
“It's a daunting task but not as daunting as it could be,” said astronomy graduate student Kristina Hogstrom of Caltech, who helps run the Minerva effort and presented a poster on it at the AAS meeting.
Tyrogthekreeper
The Minerva telescopes will look for a slight wobble that indicates a planet is tugging gravitationally on those stars. Using this data, Hogstrom said that her team expects to find around a dozen new local planets, most of them two to three times the size of Earth and a few of them orbiting in the habitable zone where liquid water could exist. The project will also find Earth-sized planets and perhaps smaller, but these will likely orbit too close to their parent star to host life.
A large ground-based facility needs to serve many different astronomers and would be unable to commit years of observation time to staring at a few stars. In its unblinking dedication to finding Earth-like planets, Minerva is not unlike the much larger and more capable Kepler mission, which constantly monitors 150,000 stars from its vantage point in space. This is not just a coincidence.
“Kepler taught us that when you build a dedicated instrument for finding planets, you find planets,” said astronomer John Johnson, also of Caltech and the principal investigator of Minerva.
Now that Kepler has paved the way and shown just how common exoplanets are, Johnson said even a small telescope can make great discoveries, simply by watching a star long enough. He added that astronomers are no longer in the planet-hunting regime but can instead focus on routine planet gathering. “It's really just a matter of reaching up to the sky and plucking them out,” he said.
Minerva will find new worlds for a fairly low cost. Each of its telescopes is a piece of off-the-shelf hardware intended for amateur astronomers that retail at $225,000 (though any amateur astronomer would have to be either rich or dedicated to buy an instrument at that price). Along with a custom-built spectrometer, the entire project should run to about $3.5 million, not an unreasonable sum for a private institution or university to spend. Kepler, in contrast, cost $600 million and it's considered a cheap space-based mission.
Considering that world economy has still not fully recovered from years of downturn and some politicians are looking to slash national budgets for science, it's a good idea “to find creative ways to show that small telescopes can be more powerful than large ones,” said Johnson.
Large ground-based projects like E-ELT will require on the order of $1 billion while JWST has been breaking NASA's bank with its cost overruns, now estimated to come to $8.7 billion.
Many important datasets have been provided in the past from small, dedicated telescopes and such projects could be increasingly attractive in the future. They could be focused on endeavors that need committed observation time, such as finding supernovas as they explode, tracking near-Earth asteroids and comets, or conducting microlensing surveys to help map out dark matter and dark energy.
Image: One of the four telescopes that Minerva will employ in its search. PlaneWave
“Minerva is perfect for a new era of astronomy,” said astronomer Geoff Marcy of the University of California, Berkeley, one of the leading exoplanet hunters in the world who is working to build another small dedicated telescope, the Automated Planet Finder. Marcy is not involved in the Minerva project, though he was Johnson's adviser at UC Berkeley. “We have to be clever about using limited resources and modest funding and one of the best ways to do that is to design surgical observational probes.”
Hogstrom said that the first Minerva telescope will be tested next month and the project should start taking data next year from its perch on Mount Palomar. If it's successful, it could continue watching the skies for many years, perhaps discovering Earth-sized planets orbiting in their stars' habitable zone.
More than anything, looking for these possible abodes for extraterrestrial life is what drives exoplanet searches and accounts for their popularity both in astronomy and with the general public.
“Planets are special in our imagination,” said Johnson. “They're not just objects, they're real places, possible destinations.”
Much of my weekend was spent playing Neverwinter Online as part of their closed beta. I have been looking forward to getting a deeper hands-on experience with this game since playing the demo at PAX Prime back in August. Personally, I was not disappointed by what I found. It is not, in its current state, a complete game by any means, but what is there really put a smile on my face. So, my friends, gather around the camp fire and I shall share with you the tale of a tricky rogue known as Quinn Fallcrest. His was a brief, but entertaining life.
So many dungeons, so little time
I decided that if I only had a few days to play, I was darn well going to go nuts and roll a striker. I have played in several 4th Edition D&D games and I am a fan of doing all the damage. Things looked great right up until I got to the stats. Rolling for stats? I'm pretty sure we've had something to say on that very subject here on Dorkadia. So I was less than thrilled about that part, but I did enjoy the amount of optional background information that could be put into character creation. Of course it is worth mentioning that this isn't an exact emulation of a 4th Edition experience. For that, you would most likely want a tactics game of some sort. Neverwinter is, however, very much in the spirit of that most action and oriented edition of D&D.
Once you're in game, you start to see exactly how this whole translation comes together. You receive two at-will abilities that you will spam endlessly when other options aren't available. Your three encounter powers will have small cooldowns as you would expect from powers in most MMORPGs. Your two daily powers will be tied to action points that you generate in combat and which are visibly represented by a filling D20. When that puppy is full, it's time to unleash some crazy shit. I found the keyboard and mouse layout to be quite user friendly. Using WASD to move is pretty standard, so your enounters are conveniently bound to QER and at-wills are on the mouse buttons. That little touch made the game feel like it flowed perfectly to me without having to make any UI changes on my end.
Mechanically, I would like to see a slightly more responsive or intuitive use of defensive powers. I don't necessarily want to double tap a direction or hold shift while pressing a direction to tumble out of harm during a heavy fight. I would much prefer to just hit shift and automagically dodge backward. That may be a bit of a nitpick, but I think it would make combat feel more reflexive.
Shouldn't I be rolling dice?
Neverwinter managed to push my D&D adventure buttons consistently as I made my way up to level 15 over the course of the weekend. My boat was sacked by a dracolich which left me stranded on the shores of Neverwinter? Cool. Go perforate some undead and make my way to a castle? Yes please. Now proceed to fight thieves trying to steal the crown of Neverwinter, take out a warren of kobolds, track wererats through a sewer, and then go fight bands of orcs? Clearly someone has been peeking at the DM notes for every campaign I've been in. What I'm saying here is that I absolutely dig the flavor of this game and I can't wait until it's ready for public release.
Questing and leveling were as smooth as I could have asked for. The thing that I have been encountering lately in the free to play world is the lack of continual questing to level up. Perhaps I was spoiled by subscription games that didn't make me engage in grinding specifically toward the end of gaining a level to get my next set of quests. There are a couple absolutely fantastic things about Neverwinter to help alleviate that whole grinding problem. Firstly, the game has a screen that pops up to suggest various activities when you log in such as a level appropriate skirmish or dungeon. Skirmishes are short instances focused on combat where a party will face down waves of enemies and try to remain standing. It's a welcome change of pace from standard dungeons as far as I'm concerned. Sadly, I did not dive into any full multiplayer dungeons this weekend and so can't describe their potential excellence.
Even if you don't want to skirmish or go dungeon crawling with others, the Foundry system of user created content should be sufficient to keep players entertained between story quests. The only complaint I will mention about that system was that the first quest I picked up was quite painfully obviously made by a user and not a game designer. The quest story made absolutely no sense and much of the text was riddled with spelling and grammar issues. However, there is a rating system for Foundry quests that should help sort the good from the bad as more players participate in the system.
You know that dream where you're raiding a crypt and forgot your pants
Certain things were not present in beta weekend three; things like pants. Yeah, no leg items were sold by vendors, looted from chests, or awarded from quests. An odd choice to omit from a beta test to be sure. Let me reiterate – amazing system that allows for users to create, and share their own content; no pants. Seriously. Also missing were professions, though the interface for them is present and I look forward to seeing it implemented in the future.
Yes, there were bugs and not everything was available in the game (pants), but it's a closed beta so that's to be expected. Overall, it was a great experience that leaves me wanting to delve deeper into the dungeons and caverns of Neverwinter. I am, quite certainly, a very biased person to have chime in on the virtues of this game by my own admission. I bring my love of past D&D experiences with me and they definitely enter into my final judgment. That said, I will be sitting here at my PC and stabbing away at demonic hordes when Neverwinter becomes available for public consumption and I hope to see you all in there with me.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
August is a special month for one of the most beloved attractions at Disney Parks – the Haunted Mansion. The delightfully amazing attraction opened on August 9, 1969 at Disneyland park. To commemorate the anniversary this year, the Disney Parks online store is releasing an online exclusive shirt for one week only starting August 8, 2013. The shirt features a nod to the attraction's rich history by including an image of the Hatbox Ghost. I spoke with Disney Design Group artist Casey Jones in his office about the creation of this shirt.
“We have been planning to release this shirt for about a year,” explained Casey. “The graphic is based on the wonderful artwork found in ‘The Story and Song of The Haunted Mansion.' We had based the packaging artwork for the Haunted Mansion Vinylmation series on the album cover. Disney Artist Thomas Scott had recreated that vintage Haunted Mansion logo, so I used that for this shirt, too.”
To create the Hatbox Ghost artwork, Casey worked traditionally with pencil on Bristol board. He later inked the drawing with a brush. The coolest part of our interview was seeing the original sketches he made for the design (how I wish I could draw more than a stick figure!). “We like creating authentic designs inspired by things guests experience at Disney Parks,” continued Casey. “We partnered with the Walt Disney Archives to gather reference material for this Haunted Mansion shirt as well as other classic attractions at Disney Parks. That reference material will be used to create future online exclusive tees that I think people will love.”
The Hatbox Ghost shirt will be sold online only at www.Disneystore.com/ParkEvents from August 8 through August 15. Once orders are complete, please allow six-to-eight weeks for delivery.
Happy anniversary to the 999 Happy Haunts!
At its Computex 2013 showcase event, ASUS introduced the new FonePad Note FHD 6, an Android tablet with stylus support that rocks a slightly smaller form factor than the FonePad announced at MWC. On the front of the device is a 6-inch, 1080p Super IPS+ display, a 1.2-megapixel camera and front-facing stereo speakers (think: the HTC One). The main shooter packs an 8-megapixel sensor, and inside the slate-come-phone is a dual-core 1.6GHz processor (Atom Z2560) paired with 2GB of RAM. While this is billed as a tablet, a 3G antenna is on board for calling and DC-HSPA+ data, so it should handle download speeds up to 42Mbps. No pricing or availability details for the FonePad Note (we doubt Samsung's pleased with that name) have been announced, but we'll let you know if we get any additional intel.
The Mariners have designated first baseman Ji-Man Choi for assignment, the team announced. The move creates a 40-man roster spot for left-hander Edgar Olmos, who was returned to the M's from the Rangers after Texas' waiver claim on the southpaw was reversed.
Choi's roster situation will likely be resolved by a trip to the 60-day disabled list, as he broke his right fibula during a Spring Training game on Wednesday. He underwent surgery today and is expected to be out for four to six months.
Since joining Seattle's farm system in 2010, Choi has a .304/.407/.492 slash line and 42 homers over 1470 minor league plate appearances. Baseball America ranked Choi as the 25th-best prospect in the Mariners' system prior to the 2014 season, but in April he was issued a 50-game suspension after testing positive for methandienone.
At the recent CPAC gathering, Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), a likely Republican presidential candidate, seemed to stumble on one of the basic facts of the Middle East. “The reason Obama hasn't put in place a military strategy to defeat ISIS is because he doesn't want to upset Iran,” the Florida Republican said
The senator seemed confused. In reality, President Obama has put an anti-ISIS military strategy in place, and that's fine with Iran, since Iran and ISIS are enemies.
I'd hoped that Rubio just misspoke, or had been briefed poorly by an aide, but apparently not - -at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing this afternoon, the far-right Floridian continued to push this strange theory, pressing Secretary of State John Kerry on the point. “I believe that much of our strategy with regards to ISIS is being driven by a desire not to upset Iran so they don't walk away from the negotiating table on the deal that you're working on,” Rubio said . “Tell me why I'm wrong.”
And so, Kerry told him why he's wrong.
Close video Sec Kerry explains US/Iran/ISIS to Sen Rubio Secretary of State John Kerry responds to questions from Senator Marco Rubio about American negotiations with Iran and US strategy in the fight against ISIS, at a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. share tweet email save Embed
For those who can't watch clips online, here's the heart of the exchange.
KERRY: What's important, senator, with respect to your question is to understand this. And I think this has been a misread by a lot of people up here on the Hill, to be honest with you. There is no grand bargain being discussed here with regards to this negotiation, this is about a nuclear weapon potential. That's it. And the president has made it absolutely clear they will not get a nuclear weapon. Now the presumption by a lot of people up on the Hill here has been that we somehow aren't aware of that goal even as we negotiate that goal. Our negotiation is calculated to make sure they can't get a nuclear weapon. It's really almost insulting that the presumption here is that we're going to negotiate something that allows them to get a nuclear weapon. RUBIO: Well I haven't discussed about the nuclear weapon but I – and I'm not saying there is a grand bargain – what I'm saying is that I believe that our military strategy towards ISIS is influenced by our desire not to cross red lines That the Iranians have – KERRY: Absolutely not in the least.
Rubio went on to insist that many of our Sunni allies in the region – including Jordan and U.A.E. – feel as if we've kept them “in the dark” about the nuclear talks with Iran, reducing our “trust level” in the region.
Again, Kerry had to patiently explained to the Republican, “Senator, that is actually flat wrong.”
Honestly, it was like watching a competent teacher trying to explain the basics of current events to a student who failed to do his homework. Andrea Mitchell said the Secretary of State took Rubio “ to school .”
Rubio recently said he'd have an important advantage in the race for the White House because he, unlike the GOP governors, has “a clear view of what's happening in the world.” The senator added that for governors running for president, international affairs will be “a challenge, at least initially, because they don't deal with foreign policy on a daily basis.”
That's not a bad argument, though it's predicated on the assumption that senators who deal with foreign policy actually have some idea what they're talking about. This afternoon, Rubio fell far short.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A retired NYPD officer is accused of running a high-end prostitution operation with more than 50 websites.
Homeland Security agents and police arrested 44-year-old Michael Rizzi at his home Tuesday morning on money laundering charges.
CBS2's Dick Brennan reported Rizzi was operating over 58 web domains with names like “lushplaymates.com” and “flygirlsnyc.com.”
Between June 2012 and May 2016, officials said Rizzi allegedly ran BJM, a multi-million dollar online prostitution operation with hourly fees of up to $2,000. The investigation found some clients paid more than $25,000 for a single night, officials said, according to WCBS 880's Stephanie Colombini.
Prosecutors also charge Rizzi set up personal and business bank accounts to launder the millions of dollars he took in. Rizzi apparently used some of the proceeds to buy a home in Florida, according to officials.
“Rizzi, a former police officer, once entrusted to enforce the law now finds himself accused of breaking it,” stated HSI Special Agent-in-Charge Angel M. Melendez. “This arrest and HSI's seizure of dozens of websites signify the end to this high-end prostitution ring and money laundering scheme.”
“The anonymity of the internet stretches only so far,” Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said. “Today, Michael Rizzi's alleged scheme of prostitution and money laundering is up.”
Rizzi worked for the NYPD for nine years before retiring on disability.
Rizzi's attorney Javier Solano denied the charges.
“They're alleging that my client ran an illegal escort service, and by illegal I mean escort services are not per se illegal. Whether or not that prostitution is associated with it is what makes it illegal,” Solano said.
Solano said Rizzi's company provided companionship services.
“The word implies what it does. Somebody likes to say I want somebody, wants to walk with me, go to the movies, go to dinner,” Solano explained.
Rizzi's company had a location on Wild Avenue on Staten Island, but prosecutors said Rizzi ran the business out of his home in Bensonhurst.
A federal judge said Rizzi's house could be used as part of the $500,000 bond, and Rizzi's wife appeared to sign off on that.
However, as federal authorities were set to release him, Rizzi was rearrested over a gun found in the home.
“It's an old .32 caliber handgun that they found in the basement somewhere,” Solano said. “It's probably rusted out and doesn't even work.”
Rizzi has already cleared bond in federal court.
If convicted, Rizzi faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.
I turned 30 last year. This year, my wife and I are expecting our first child. Huge milestones for any human being, but for a writer, these events provoke an extra layer of anxiety: “What if I never have time to write again? What if the best years of my life for novel-writing (the childless ones, filled with ‘free time') are over?” Between a full-time day job and a newborn, I fear my first novel-in-progress will never be finished.
So when I spoke with Justin Cronin a few weeks ago ahead of his appearance at BookCon in Chicago, I asked him how he balanced his writing career with being a parent and working a full-time job. Cronin was in his 40s when The Passage was published in 2010, teaching at Rice University and raising two children (the idea for the trilogy actually stemmed from conversations with his daughter). The third book in the series, The City of Mirrors, hits bookshelves today.
Before The Passage was sold, you balanced your writing career with teaching and freelancing and parenthood. What's your advice for those of us still juggling multiple “careers”?
My advice to writers is that writing is a job. And like any job, the first rule is you must show up. Figure out what you've got in terms of your daily life: an hour in the morning before the kids are awake, or two hours in the evening after they go to sleep, or your lunch hour. Whatever you have, use it and guard it with your life. And make sure that when it's time to write, you actually write.
I don't just mean “don't get distracted by the Internet.” That's obvious, right? I mean, make sure that you are making material, because that is the only way to write a book. Whether it's 1,000 words a day, 500 words a day, 250 if that's the time you have. But if you write 1,000 words a day, in 100 days you'll have a novel. Until you get to the end, you don't have anything. To write a novel is to finish one, not start one.
Same if you're writing short stories or plays or screenplays. Whatever it is, get to the end. Then you get to rewrite it, and there's still a lot of work left to do, but get to the end.
I always end my books badly. My books are about 1,100 pages long in manuscript. I write the first half great, and then in the second half something goes wrong. I end up in the wrong spot or it's just underwhelming. So I have to go back and rewrite the second half of the book. That's just reality. It's more six months on the schedule, but when I get to the end again, now I've got something.
Lots of writers fear their careers will suffer after having children, but that certainly wasn't the case for you. In fact, The Passage trilogy was a direct result of parenthood, right?
Raising children taught me a lot about what being a novelist was. It occurred to me one day—it was one of those face-palm moments—that my children were people. That they were experiencing a life that was entirely subjective, and I was merely a character in that life. Hopefully a fairly important character, but not always the most important. They were the main character in their own story, and that was a good awakening for me.
I don't think I would be the writer that I am had I not had children. For about a year, yeah, it's pretty tough. I was always pretty good about making the time. I always carved out sometime and obeyed it. I just said, “The world can spare me for two hours.” It is a remarkable thing, and you will emerge from it a better man.
And your daughter, who prompted you to start writing the trilogy…has she read The City of Mirrors yet?
She hasn't! She has a very busy day job called being a freshman in college. She wants to re-read the first two before she reads the third, and so she'll get to it this summer. That's my expectation. I'd rather she read all of them so we can talk about all of them at the same time, because to me, it feels like one book.
FICTION – SCIENCE FICTION
The City of Mirrors by Justin Cronin
Ballantine Books
Published May 24, 2016
ISBN 9780345505002
Greater Manchester Police had a busy day yesterday as Manchester City took Celtic in the Champions League at the Etihad Staidum.
A total of 14 arrests were made throughout the day including one man for throwing a hamburger at a police horse at Piccadilly.
Celtic fan arrested for throwing a hamburger at a police horse in Piccadilly Gardens. Male started kicking about in the van! #nightinacell — GMP City Centre (@GMPCityCentre) December 6, 2016
Another fan was arrested for possession of drugs while 12 others were detained for public order or drinking offences.
There were also reports of a firework being let off on the Metrolink while fighting broke out between opposing supporters at the ground.
A bit of scrapping at the Manchester City v Celtic game.
Left hook, right hook, na night? pic.twitter.com/L3mBcFgiMh — Footy Accumulators (@FootyAccums) December 6, 2016
Superintendent Craig Thompson of Greater Manchester Police Specialist Operations Branch said:
“Our policing operation has now come to an end and I am pleased to say that the fixture passed largely without incident, which I think is a testament to fans of both clubs.
“I would like to thank them for their cooperation throughout and although the result may not have been what either side wanted, I hope everyone in attendance enjoyed the occasion and the competitive atmosphere the game was played in.
“We have significant experience in policing occasions like this and sadly, as is often the case, we did experience a small number of incidents which were dealt with swiftly and resulted in a number of arrests.
“However the majority of fans were extremely well behaved and I hope everybody has a safe journey home.”
Both clubs could now face disciplinary action from UEFA for their fans' behavior. Last season, Manchester United and Liverpool were fined £44,342 and £43,577 respectively for disturbances at their Europa league clash at Old Trafford.
Still, it wasn't all bad as the most high-profile victim of yesterday's violence appears to be on the mend.
Police horse 'Lancaster' is in a stable position after burger thrown at it by Celtic fan! — GMP City Centre (@GMPCityCentre) December 6, 2016
Get well soon, Lancaster.
READ NEXT: Scottish Invasion as 4,000 Celtic Fans Arrive in In Manchester For City Clash
Vegan restaurant Citizen Fox's road to opening has been long and winding; so long in fact, that chef Kevin Schuder decided to take a different route, parting with the restaurant before it could open its doors to the public. Now, he's launching a series of pop-ups with Feastly, showcasing his vegan cuisine in a more flexible, "less bureaucratic" setting.
The pop-up series will run every Saturday in March, testing out different menus and styles of preparation that Schuder says is a test to see how big the market is for what he's doing. A vegan sushi omakase will offer dishes like a cauliflower kara-age and smoked beet nigiri, while the "Avant Garden" dinner aims to use molecular gastronomy techniques to launch vegan food out of the "crunchy hippy" zone. Part of the reasoning behind Schuder's move from brick-and-mortar to the pop-up model is the (surprising) lack of opportunities to cook vegan restaurant food in the area. "After I left Citizen Fox, the question was 'Where is there for me to go?' I want to stick with vegan food but there's not that many opportunities," said Schuder. "This [Feastly] seems like a thing people will be doing soon, since opening a restaurant requires some steep investments."
Secondarily, and in keeping with the sharing economy that Schuder is dipping his toe into at the moment, is the chef's plan to launch a website with all of his recipes available on it (including those he developed at Citizen Fox). "It's an idea I've had for a while," explained Schuder. "With vegan food some of it borders on molecular gastronomy, and to open source it seems like a lot of fun." Given the complex nature of many of the recipes, the chef reckons that though diners won't be staying at home to prepare his recipes, (which include things like a "mozzarella" made using cashew cream and carageenan that actually melts like cheese), sharing techniques will benefit chefs and the cuisine longterm.
Schuder is also widening his playing field, helping friends open Berkeley's vegan deli The Butcher's Son and participating in the Vegan Iron Chef All Star competition tomorrow (February 24). Stay tuned for more pop-ups as Schuder figures out his next moves.
Today, Canonical has released version 12.10 of its Ubuntu Linux distribution, codenamed "Quantal Quetzal" after a ridiculously awesome-looking bird. Quantal represents the start of a new two-year development cycle and lays the groundwork for what Ubuntu will evolve into by 2014. As such, the release is focused on figuring out what users are primarily doing on the desktop and in the enterprise and putting the right tools in front of them to help.
The release is right on schedule. Canonical follows a six month "tick-tock" cycle with Ubuntu, dropping new versions in April and October of every year. It has been six months since the "tick" release of Ubuntu 12.04, Precise Pangolin, which brought with it a number of enhancements to the love-it-or-hate-it Unity graphical front-end.
Bad news for those on the hate-it side: Unity, along with its HUD and Dash, is prominent in 12.10. In fact, it's going to continue to be a prominent feature on the Ubuntu desktop for the foreseeable future. Canonical is committed to watching how people use it and improving it so that it works well, though, so complaints are being heard. We'll touch some on Unity, but it's not going to be as huge a focus in our upcoming full review as it was with the previous one.
Getting Quantal
For the first time, Canonical has merged together all the different desktop installation images into a single unified 800MB .ISO file, designed to be used on a USB stick or DVD. Rather than having to pick from several images for i386 or x86_64 architecture with alternate images for different options, each architecture has its own unified installation image which includes all common install choices.
The easy installation of previous versions is still easy, though 12.10 now has the option of enabling full-disk encryption right inside the installer. In prior versions this couldn't be done during installation, and it required the user to set it up later; the option to encrypt the entire hard disk at setup is a welcome one.
The desktop
Once you're up and running with the desktop version, you'll see Unity. It has received a number of additions, all built around the idea of demolishing the walls between local applications and Web applications, and treating them like first-class desktop citizens instead of pages in a browser. Popular Web-based applications like Gmail can be docked to the launch bar, and on startup they will have their own dedicated windows, complete with QuickList functionality, just like a "real" program.
Along the same lines, searches now make less of a distinction between local and Internet-hosted content. A search for a file name or for file contents won't just look at files in the user's home directory, but in online storage locations like a user's Google Docs account as well. Searches for local music will also pop up results from the Ubuntu One store, so if Katy Perry is totally your jam and you're trying to remember whether or not you downloaded her latest single, one search will tell you if you have it—and how to get it if you don't.
This level of integration between offline and online has led to some consternation among the FOSS-minded Ubuntu community about encroaching commercialism, but Canonical founder Mark Shuttleworth denies there are any nefarious goings-on. He points out that users should be able to search for anything they want, no matter where it is, and if it's not on their computer then the computer should tell them how to get it. Viewed from that perspective, the presence of "advertising" in search results makes sense, though it is still jarring to search for a file and get back shopping results.
Most of these enhancements were present in previous versions as preview or prerelease features, but they've been polished and made available right out of the box. Refinement is the name of the game across the board for Unity; like it or not, Canonical considers it an integral part of the Ubuntu desktop experience, and future releases will build on its capabilities.
Core changes
Under the hood, Quantal picks up some upgrades. There's a new Linux kernel, 3.5, which brings with it a number of I/O and security improvements. 12.10 also includes Python 3.2.3 as standard, dropping Python 2.x (though it's still available if you need it). The bundled productivity suite, LibreOffice, has been updated to 3.6. Additionally, Quantal comes with gcc version 4.7.2 included.
The server
The real fun stuff, though, is on the server side of things. Canonical has focused its microscope on how and why people are creating websites and applications, and is beginning a serious push to shape Ubuntu to fit those needs. 12.10 focuses on improvements to two hugely important server offerings: OpenStack and Juju.
OpenStack is a broad cloud infrastructure platform with a development cycle closely pegged to Ubuntu's. The latest release, codenamed "Folsom," arrived just last month. Its inclusion in 12.10 lets sysadmins construct "private clouds" out of Ubuntu servers without needing to involve outside vendors or equipment. "Cloud" is a hideously overused buzzword, and it can mean wildly different things depending on the context and the speaker; in this instance, "cloud" refers to "infrastructure-as-a-service" offerings. OpenStack can, for example, rope together a bunch of Ubuntu servers and make them function as a single multi-petabyte chunk of block storage, using the Ceph distributed storage technology included in OpenStack. It can also take another bunch of Ubuntu servers and divide them up into different cloud computing machines, linking them together or keeping them separated with its Quantum virtual networking technology.
Complementing this is Juju, which can best be summarized as "apt-get for services." Where package management systems have taken a lot of the pain out of installing applications on Linux distros (I haven't had to compile an application in forever), configuring and setting up complex services with lots of application components can still be a bit tricky. For example, if you want to get the self-hosted WordPress blogging platform up and running, you'd need to first set up a Web server like Nginx or Apache, then set up a database like MySQL, then configure a vhost and a database for WordPress to use, and then actually set up WordPress. Juju simplifies deployments of services like this by having "charms," equivalent to apt-get packages, which contain all the steps necessary to get WordPress running from scratch. The setup and configuration of the different application components is handled for you.
Juju is aimed specifically at running services in public or private clouds. You can easily build a private infrastructure cloud with Ubuntu and OpenStack, then use Juju to fill it with happily buzzing cloud-enabled applications, all preconfigured and ready to start work. Scaling is easy, too: as OpenStack can scale more servers into a cloud and link them together, so Juju can pull them into different service pools.
Nor does Juju need OpenStack to function: you can easily use it to create services on public cloud platforms like Amazon EC2. Need to deploy a Web application to EC2 written specifically to run on Apache Tomcat and which requires MySQL and Nginx as a reverse proxy? Juju can help, letting you push all of that to your EC2 instance, preconfigured in whatever way you specify. Juju can also monitor the different components of the app and tell you if any are running slow. Rather than taking a stab at scaling up just MySQL or the Web server, Juju can tell you where the bottleneck is and scale only what's needed.
This isn't the first release of Ubuntu to feature either of these technologies, but it is the first time they have been so closely tied to each other and to Canonical's core strategy. Since Quantal kicks off another two-year design cycle which will culminate in 14.04 LTS, the emphasis on services and cloud management is most definitely the shape of things to come.
The review
Ars has its hands on 12.10 and we'll be bringing you a full review within the next couple of weeks. With Windows 8's big release just over a week away, it's a great time for folks to take stock of their OS choices and see that Windows and OS X aren't the only options around. Even better, Ubuntu Server has some outstanding features geared toward rapid service deployment and monitoring that you won't get anywhere else, and we'll go hands-on with some cloud deployment tasks to see how well the system works. Stay tuned for more in our full review!
The NFL's decision to suspend Bengals linebacker Vontaze Burfict five games for his illegal hit on Chiefs fullback Anthony Sherman resulted from a new rule that will also be a point of emphasis for officials this year. (Let's go ahead and informally name the rule after Burfict, in the grand tradition of eponymous NFL rules no one really understands.) It's easy to see how the application of the rule has the potential to sow confusion throughout the upcoming season.
At 12.2.7(a)2, the rule book states the following (emphasis on what's new):
It is a foul if a player initiates unnecessary contact against a player who is in a defenseless posture. Players in a defenseless posture are ... A receiver running a pass route when the defender approaches from the side or behind.
So: The rule book explicitly says defenders cannot hit defenseless pass catchers from the side or from behind, and that they cannot lead with the crowns of their helmets. This appears to constitute the basis of Burfict's appeal, and of the Bengals' stated support for his appeal:
“The Bengals are aware of the NFL's letter to Vontaze regarding a play in last weekend's game. The film shows that the hit was legal, that Vontaze engaged his opponent from the front, and that contact was shoulder-to-chest. The Club will support Vontaze in the appeal process.”
Now let's look at two angles of Burfict's hit on Sherman. The first one happens in the middle of the field, right at the 40-yard line. Sherman seems to run straight into Burfict:
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
The second angle shows Burfict leading with his shoulder and appearing to hit Sherman in the chest. But Sherman's head is turned back toward quarterback Alex Smith, rather than right at Burfict:
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
This is where the confusion starts to set in. Here is the league's summary of the new rule on its operations website, which goes beyond what's actually stated in the rule book (emphasis mine):
In the interest of protecting players from unnecessary risk, NFL owners voted to ... Give a receiver running a pass route defenseless player protection when a defender approaches from behind or the side. The change prohibits forcible contact to the head or neck area or with the crown of the helmet. Once the receiver becomes a blocker, or assumes a blocking posture, he no longer has defenseless player protection.
Advertisement
The league has also prepared a video summary of its 2017 rules changes and points of emphasis. That video, which Deadspin has viewed, was to be shown to all players during training camp, according to the league. In it, new NFL vice president of officiating Alberto Riveron explains things this way (emphasis mine):
“Beginning in 2017, a receiver running a route will receive defenseless player protection when the defender approaches him from behind or the side. This protection prohibits forcible contact to the head or neck area, and forcible contact with the crown of the helmet to any part of the body.” [...] “If the receiver and the defender are squared up, or the contact is to the body without the crown of the helmet, it is legal. Once the receiver takes a blocking posture, he no longer receives defenseless player protection.”
Advertisement
Also in that video, NFL executive vice president of football operations Troy Vincent says, “These hits result in a suspension, even for a first offense.”
The video includes a glimpse of what constitutes a legal hit, according to the new rule:
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
So: The spirit of the rule, outlined only in the points of emphasis, suggests that a defender is OK to hit a pass catcher if that pass catcher has “squared up” the defender, or as soon as a pass catcher has taken on “a blocking posture.” But in the split-second it may take for a defender to make a decision, what constitutes “squared up,” or even “a blocking posture”? The GIF above of the “legal action” from the league's video is a clear example of Chargers tight end Hunter Henry running straight into Browns linebacker Christian Kirksey. But how close would Henry have had to be considered “squared up”? What might happen if a quarterback were to pump-fake, thus inducing a defender to charge toward a potential pass catcher? And, as a commenter noted just after this post was initially published, Sherman had initially stayed in to chip block before breaking into his route and getting blown up by Burfict. Which means Sherman should no longer have been considered a defenseless player, right?
Let's muddle this a bit more. At rule 12.2.6(g), the rule book already defines unnecessary roughness—which calls for a 15-yard penalty—this way:
unnecessarily running, diving into, cutting, or throwing the body against or on a player who (1) is out of the play or (2) should not have reasonably anticipated such contact by an opponent, before or after the ball is dead
Advertisement
And the definition of prohibited contact against a defenseless player is spelled out in 12.2.7(b) (emphasis mine):
forcibly hitting the defenseless player's head or neck area with the helmet, facemask, forearm, or shoulder, even if the initial contact is lower than the player's neck, and regardless of whether the defensive player also uses his arms to tackle the defenseless player by encircling or grasping him
lowering the head and making forcible contact with the crown or ”hairline” parts of the helmet against any part of the defenseless player's body
illegally launching into a defenseless opponent. It is an illegal launch if a player (i) leaves both feet prior to contact to spring forward and upward into his opponent, and (ii) uses any part of his helmet to initiate forcible contact against any part of his opponent's body. (This does not apply to contact against a runner, unless the runner is still considered to be a defenseless player, as defined in Article 7.)
Advertisement
Are your eyes glazing over yet? Imagine how it'll be for the NFL's officials. How is the Burfict Rule supposed to be enforced when it partially overlaps with other existing rules, and its own wording is open to interpretation? Like the catch rule and last year's celebration rule, the NFL has again legislated something into incoherence.
With all that in mind, NFL Network's Ian Rapoport explained why Burfict drew a suspension:
Advertisement
One final point: At the time of his infraction, Burfict's actions did not draw a penalty flag.
On transportation, the two candidates vying to be Seattle's next mayor agree on a lot: Traffic isn't getting better soon. We need more transit and bike paths. Free ORCA cards for kids. But they do disagree on a few things.
Hey, Seattle, your next mayor has a message for you: Traffic isn't getting better anytime soon.
But maybe eventually? Maybe.
“We can make it better, but it's going to be a battle,” said Jenny Durkan, the former U.S. attorney who won the August mayoral primary. “It's just math. We have a limited number of space and too many cars and it's going to get worse before it gets better.”
Her opponent, engineer and urbanist Cary Moon, says much the same. Seattle, both candidates said, does not have a public transit system that can keep up with the city's growth.
Learn more about Traffic Lab » | Follow us on Twitter » Traffic Lab is a Seattle Times project that digs into the region's thorny transportation issues, spotlights promising approaches to easing gridlock, and helps readers find the best ways to get around. It is funded with the help of community sponsors Alaska Airlines, CenturyLink, Kemper Development Co., NHL Seattle, PEMCO Mutual Insurance Company and Seattle Children's hospital. Seattle Times editors and reporters operate independently of our funders and maintain editorial control over Traffic Lab content.
“Until we get a handle on the housing affordability crisis and we can provide places to live in Seattle for people who work in Seattle, and until we get ahead of, get more transit service, things are not going to get better,” Moon said.
The two candidates agree on a lot, transportation-wise. Seattle's future is in moving away from cars, driven alone, they say. Both want more transit service, more bus-only lanes, priority for buses at traffic lights and a network of protected bike paths. Both want free ORCA cards for kids under 18 (although neither knows what that would cost).
Neither candidate will commit to either keeping nor replacing city Transportation Director Scott Kubly.
Both candidates even claim the same favorite bus route, the No. 2 (Seattle Pacific University too downtown to Madrona Park, via First Hill).
Ask each what sets her apart from her opponent on transportation issues and neither woman hesitates. But neither mentions policy differences. Instead, they point to their résumés.
“Experience and depth of knowledge,” Moon said, citing her work advising the One Center City downtown transportation plan and her experience in planning alternatives — other than a tunnel — for the Alaskan Way Viaduct replacement.
Moon said she has been working on transportation issues for a long time, “and I'm ready to hit the ground running and get Seattle to make the transition.”
Durkan points to her experience not in transportation, but in running an organization like the U.S. Attorney's Office.
“At some juncture we have to get past planning; we plan, plan, plan, plan, plan,” Durkan said. “I've actually taken big projects to get them complete and know what you have to do to actually implement. She's much more of a planner, I'm much more of a doer.”
Both candidates have endorsements from pro-transit groups: Seattle Subway for Moon and the political affiliate of the Transportation Choices Coalition for Durkan.
Jessyn Farrell, a former state legislator who came in fourth in the mayoral primary, praised Durkan for her detailed proposals to speed up Sound Transit projects and lauded Moon for her emphasis on economic and racial equity in transportation policy.
“Both candidates really get that Seattleites are hungry for an interconnected, multimodal transportation system,” Farrell, a former director of the Transportation Choices Coalition, said. “They get how many voters in Seattle are hungry for a transportation network that gives you a lot of different ways to get around.”
Sound Transit
Both candidates want to speed up, as much as possible, construction of light rail to Ballard and West Seattle, as part of the Sound Transit 3 package approved by voters last year. But the way they would do so is one of the few major transportation policy differences between them.
It's not so much building light-rail lines that takes (seemingly) forever, it's planning and designing them. Planning and design for the West Seattle line is expected to last until 2025, and for Ballard it's expected to last through 2026. The West Seattle line is estimated to be complete in 2030 and Ballard in 2035.
Durkan and Moon promise to speed up ST3 projects by streamlining the design and permitting process. But Moon also wants the city to loan Sound Transit money (she's not sure how much yet) to help kick-start the projects.
Durkan disagrees. “Money is not the problem; process is,” she said.
Moon notes that despite its much-publicized $54 billion cost, Sound Transit doesn't have all that money lying around waiting to be spent.
“Part of why the Sound Transit timeline is so long is because they're matching delivery of projects to the speed at which they raise money,” Moon said. Other cities, she said, have more aggressively sold bonds on future tax revenue, giving them a cash infusion to get things rolling.
But Sound Transit, while diplomatic, isn't too interested in a loan from the city.
“While Sound Transit can accept funding from third parties, debt that we have to repay is still debt and would count against our agency debt limits,” Sound Transit CEO Peter Rogoff said. “That said, Sound Transit is open to discussing other innovative ways for the city to invest local dollars to optimize and expedite the project.”
Last year, Rogoff wrote to the City Council with 27 specific changes the city could make to expedite permitting, speed construction and reduce costs. Those changes, not a loan, are how the city can accelerate the process, Rogoff said. The city has made none of the changes, Sound Transit said.
“It's a heavy lift to talk about further acceleration,” Don Billen, Sound Transit's lead planner, said. “It's not going to be easy and it is going to mean doing business in a different manner.”
Despite what both candidates have said, Sound Transit says there is little hope of West Seattle opening early. If there is any chance for Ballard to open early, Sound Transit said, the city needs to work with the agency to come up with a preferred path for the rail line by early 2019.
That is easier said than done. Amazon will have thoughts on the route through South Lake Union. Property owners, environmental groups and neighborhoods will weigh in. The agency's tentative route is an elevated line along 15th Avenue West and a drawbridge over Salmon Bay. Transit boosters want a tunnel under Salmon Bay. Sound Transit says that would cost about $600 million extra and could add as many as two years to the project.
The next mayor will have to help referee it all, and quickly.
Neither Moon nor Durkan has a preference between a bridge or a tunnel.
“There's going to be trade-offs, so we have to look at the data,” Moon said. “Once the data's in front of us … let's all commit to deciding quickly.”
Durkan said coming to agreement on alignment is going to be very challenging and community engagement needed to start “almost immediately.”
“We can assume that there will be great resistance if there isn't great input,” she said.
Congestion pricing
It's bad now, but traffic downtown is about to get worse. Over the next several years, downtown is going to enter what the city Department of Transportation is calling the “period of maximum constraint.”
The number of congestion-causing projects coming down the pike is daunting: expanding the convention center, kicking buses out of the transit tunnel, tearing down the Alaskan Way Viaduct, rebuilding Alaskan Way, rebuilding Colman Dock and tearing up First Avenue to put in a new streetcar line.
Congestion pricing, or variable tolling — tolls that increase when roads are most crowded — has been both successful and popular in several European cities, and various studies have pointed to it as a possible solution to Seattle traffic.
Should Seattle explore congestion pricing?
Both candidates said yes, something neither had been willing to do just four months ago.
“Our downtown core is going to be increasingly congested in the coming years,” Durkan said. “We will need a range of innovative solutions to deal with this.”
Moon also said we should look at congestion pricing, “but make sure we can offer sufficient transit, biking and walking alternatives before we leap.”
Back in June, Durkan did not respond to repeated emailed questions about congestion pricing.
And in June, Moon said essentially the opposite of what she said recently.
“Making driving downtown more expensive just punishes working people who don't have access to reliable, fast buses and light rail,” she said then.
ORCA cards
Both candidates have adopted an idea first proposed by Nikkita Oliver in the primary campaign: free ORCA transit cards for Seattle kids.
Neither candidate knows what it will cost.
King County Metro collected about $7.4 million in fares from kids using youth ORCA cards last year and an additional $4.5 million from school districts paying for free or reduced youth fares. That leads to an estimate of about $12 million countywide to give free ORCA cards to kids under 18, although Metro stressed that free cards could lead to increased demand and increased costs.
Durkan says it would pay off.
“If you get young people used to transit and they use it and it works and it's part of who they are and the culture, they continue to use it and so our reliance on single-occupancy vehicles will diminish,” Durkan said.
Said Moon: “Getting kids free access to school so they can show up to school easily is really a big part of the education challenge, and the more we can help kids get to school, the better.”
Marysville, OH - A Milford Center man led Marysville police on a chase Jan. 24 after he was caught allegedly trying to entice a 13-year-old girl.David B. Moore, 50, was arrested Jan. 24 after leading police on a chase and has been charged with failure to comply with the order of a police officer. More charges could come, said Deputy Chief Tony Brooks.Marysville police received a call about a possible child enticement around 11 a.m. Sunday, Jan. 24, Brooks said.“He approached a 13-year-old female and tried to lure her to his vehicle or at least away from where she was,” Brooks said.A Marysville police unit was in the area and quickly found Moore in his van, but when they tried to pull him over, he did not comply, Brooks said.“The pursuit ensued from the area of Delaware Avenue and U.S. 33 through some traffic up to speeds of 80 to 100 miles per hour,” Brooks said.Moore's van caught on fire, and he stopped but would not leave the vehicle and had to be pulled by officers, Brooks said.No one was injured during the chase or vehicle fire.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West may have posed for a photo opp with Hillary Clinton, but it's Donald Trump who's got the ranting rapper's support.
Following a flight from Paris to Los Angeles on Wednesday, West, 38, was overheard sharing his political opinions with another passenger.
“He's not going to vote for Trump but he supports him,” a spy told Page Six.
When asked by the passenger if he was backing Hillary, West made it clear he was all for Trump, but a source close to West says the Grammy Award winner supporting Trump is “totally untrue.”
According to the Federal Election Commission, West has already contributed to Clinton's campaign.
On July 28, 2015, West donated $2,700 to Hillary for America (his mother-in-law, Kris Jenner, contributed the very same amount a few weeks later on Aug. 13). Prior to that, he donated $15,000 to the Democratic National Committee on Oct. 16, 2014 (days earlier, on Oct. 10, 2014, Kardashian also made the same donation to the DNC).
West also performed at a Democratic fundraiser at The Warfield in San Francisco last October.
While the Kardashians have financially backed Hillary, West's father-in-law, Caitlyn Jenner, blasted the former first lady and the Democratic Party on the Season 2 premiere of “I Am Cait.”
“If we're unfortunate enough to get Hillary as our next president, we need her on [transgender people's] side. She won't be. She could care less about women, she cares about herself,” said Caitlyn, 66.
Dressed in a red hoodie that read “I Feel Like Ye” and jeans, West was returning to Los Angeles after visiting Ikea's headquarters in Sweden and meeting with Hermés in Paris. On the transcontinental flight, West was seated with contemporary artist Vanessa Beecroft, with whom he collaborated on his Yeezy Season 3 presentation at Madison Square Garden.
“Met with @Hermes_Paris family yesterday… been out here fighting for 13 years and it feels like we're finally seeing wins…,” he tweeted Tuesday evening.
Upon exiting the aircraft, West spoke freely with his fellow passenger about his ambitions in the fashion industry, echoing a statement he tweeted on Feb. 12: that he wants to become the creative director of Hermés.
Who said it, Trump or Kanye?
April 27, 2013 — andyextance
On 6 April 1941, a world war left its mark on Milutin Milanković's life and climate research for a second time. Nazi bombs destroyed the print works where his new book, summarising 30 years' work, sat half-complete. As German-led forces occupied Serbia a month later, Milutin still had just one finished copy of his “Canon of Insolation and the Ice-Age Problem”. In it, he brought together his general astronomical theory of climate, which would explain how Earth's motion in space drives ice sheet advance and retreat over tens of thousands of years.
And when two German officers came to visit the University of Belgrade maths professor, he might have feared no-one else would ever see all his ideas in a single volume. But the officers were geology students, bringing greetings from Wolfgang Soergel at the University of Freiburg, who had previously published studies supporting Milutin's calculations. Amid the drama unfolding around them, Milutin gave them his only copy to send to Freiburg for safe-keeping. But both Milutin and his work escaped to ultimately make strides forward in understanding what controls Earth's temperatures.
Milutin fixed his focus on climate after joining the University of Belgrade in 1909, while reading a paper about the Sun's heat on the Earth's surface, whose starting equation was wrong. To study how climate could produce dramatic changes like ice ages courted controversy even then because it was unclear the puzzle could ever be solved. So little was known that when Svante Arrhenius correctly identified CO2 in the air as an important factor his findings were ruled out by flawed experiments.
Using heat from the Sun, the incoming solar radiation also known as insolation, Milutin looked at climate both on the Earth and other planets in our solar system. “A connection should be found between planets' insolation and their atmosphere and surface temperatures,” he wrote. And thanks to the many different complex sciences such an astronomical climate theory combined, Milutin was the only one trying to make that link.
Worst honeymoon ever
By the time he went on honeymoon in 1914 to his home village of Dalj, today in Croatia, Milutin had written seven papers establishing climatology as an exact mathematical science. But the First World War intruded on the promise of a happy married life and academic career ahead. Serbia, where Milutin worked, and Austria-Hungary, the country that Dalj was in at the time, were on opposite sides of the war. As a Serbian citizen, he was arrested and sent to a prison camp.
“The heavy iron door closed behind me,” Milutin later wrote of his first night as a prisoner. “I sat on my bed, looked around the room and started to take in my new social circumstances. In my hand luggage which I brought with me were my already printed or only started works on my cosmic problem; there was even some blank paper. I looked over my works, took my faithful ink pen and started to write and calculate. When after midnight I looked around in the room, I needed some time to realize where I was. The small room seemed to me like accommodation for one night during my voyage in the Universe.”
Milutin continued his painstaking handwritten calculations, and soon friends helped get him permission to go and live in Budapest, reporting to the police once a week. There he worked in the library of the Hungarian Academy of Science, writing several papers and a book on insolation, laying the mathematical basis for a theory that could model past and future climates.
On his return to Belgrade Wladimir Köppen, a leading climatologist and head of the Naval Meteorological Observatory in Hamburg, Germany, and his son-in-law Alfred Wegener encouraged Milutin to push his calculations further back in time. In just a few years, he travelled deeper into the past: from 130,000 years at first, to 600,000, and then 1 million years. To do this, Milutin had to untangle gravitational pulls on Earth from the Moon, Sun, Jupiter, and Saturn. He broke the Earth's orbit down to three cycles that work together to influence insolation.
In the simplest, its movement around the Sun changes between being more circular and more oval over roughly 96,000 years. Another cycle affects the axis between the Earth's North and South Poles, which is tilted relative to the Sun's axis, currently at an angle of 23.5°. This is what causes the seasons, as the hemisphere nearest the sun is in summer, while the opposite one is in winter. That tilt changes from 21.5° to 24.5° and back again over about 41,000 years. And finally the Earth wobbles around this tilted axis, like a spinning top just before it stops, every 23,000 years.
War over, battles continue
During these movements, now known as ‘Milankovitch cycles', the Sun's heat at the top of the planet increases and decreases by up to a fifth. By 1938 Milutin had calculated that the Earth's ice cover depended on such changes in insolation, then began two years drawing together all his ideas into a single book – the ‘Canon'. Among his calculations, tables and formulas, which are still used today, he also showed how his cycles could explain how giant ice sheets grew and shrunk over 11 ice ages on Earth.
Despite Milutin's initial fears, the book sections that survived the bombing were soon put together with its remaining missing parts, with the Canon completed in Autumn 1941. While greeted with excitement, the Canon's cycles didn't match when most people then thought ice ages had happened. Many also thought tiny changes in orbit couldn't have such important effects and so, like Svante Arrhenius before him, Milutin's findings were not accepted at first.
Disagreements came because ice ages are difficult to date, partly because each one erases much of the evidence of those that came before. But the right timing came out in the decades to follow, from unlikely sources. In the 1950s Cesare Emilani at the University of Chicago found it in slimy cylinders of soot and clay drilled from sea and lake beds. In the 1960s Wallace Broecker at the Lamont Geological Observatory in New York found it in ancient coral. Their records both showed regular variations, matching the Milankovitch cycles.
Now accepted, the Milankovitch cycles made the seemingly worrying prediction that today's Earth should be headed into another ice age. Some concerns over this even made the mainstream media in the 1960s and 1970s. But even then it was becoming clear that we've strayed from that path, and just this week another paper has again confirmed the long-term cooling pattern that has been reversed in the past century. And as scientists succeeding Milutin have shown, that's because human actions have thrown a spanner into the celestial climate clockwork he discovered.
Further reading:
Spencer Weart's book, ‘The Discovery of Global Warming' is the source of inspiration for and some historical material in this post.
The University of Belgrade library has a useful virtual exhibition covering Milutin's life.
Petrović, A., & Marković, S. (2010). Annus mirabilis and the end of the geocentric causality: Why celebrate the 130th anniversary of Milutin Milanković? Quaternary International, 214 (1-2), 114-118 DOI: 10.1016/j.quaint.2009.10.031
Advertisements
IBM never makes a public announcement when it moves American jobs to other countries. But it offshores aggressively all the same—even though its CEO, Virginia Rometty, is now advising incoming President Donald Trump on how to keep more jobs in the United States.
Filings with the Labor Department show at least two dozen instances during the last two years in which former IBM (IBM) employees applied for federal aid because the tech giant moved their jobs to other countries. There's only one such filing during that time for United Technologies (UTX), the firm Trump attacked recently for a plan to move 700 jobs from Indiana to Mexico. There are none for Ford Motor Co., another company Trump has criticized—most likely because Ford plans to open new factories in Mexico, but hasn't actually moved any US work there.
Trump seems to base his sporadic attacks on companies moving jobs overseas on anecdotal information gleaned from news headlines. But a lot of companies offshore jobs without ever making the news, as a look at federal records reveals. American workers who lose their jobs because of offshoring are entitled to a federal benefit called trade-adjustment assistance, or TAA. To get the benefit, the workers or somebody acting on their behalf—usually state government officials—must file a petition with the Labor Department. The forms are supposed to include the number of workers affected and a basic explanation for why the workers lost their jobs. The Labor Department certifies the petitions before granting benefits.
Such filings indicate that at least 450 IBM workers have lost their jobs since the beginning of 2015 because the company moved the work overseas. But the real number is most likely higher, since one-third of the filings either don't say how many workers were affected or contain redactions that obscure the information. One filing, on behalf of laid-off workers in Connecticut, said “IBM refuses to provide this information.”
IBM moved American jobs to India, China, Bulgaria, Egypt, Brazil and Costa Rica, according to the filings. On some of the forms, workers indicated they were required to train their foreign replacements in order to receive severance pay. “We were managers who laid off our staff (and then were let go too),” one petition reads. “My staff was, at its peak, a couple hundred people. We were only part of the large scale movement of production from IBM's GTS [Global Technology Services] organization in the US to India.”
IBM did not respond to questions for this story, but Trump could get the details straight from the company's CEO, since Rometty has joined a panel of business leaders meant to advise Trump on jobs and the economy. Trump, of course, has been focusing on manufacturing jobs leaving the United States, which often disappear in big lumps when an entire factory closes. Technical jobs, such as those at IBM, often disappear in smaller numbers that don't generate a lot of attention, but add up all the same.
‘Strategically outsourcing'
Yahoo Finance looked for clues about unannounced offshoring by first asking outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas, which tracks layoffs, for data involving companies that have announced job cuts during the last 18 months. We then looked for TAA petitions involving those companies and tallied the number of workers who seem to have been affected by offshoring since the beginning of 2015.
A handful of companies stood out. The 24 TAA petitions relating to IBM were far more than any other company we looked into, but 9 petitions filed on behalf of Intel (INTC) workers listed more than 1,600 jobs lost to offshoring during the last two years, mostly in Oregon, Washington, Arizona and New Mexico. One petition filed by Washington's Employment Security Department involving the loss of 77 jobs in Olympia this month says, “Intel Corporation has been strategically outsourcing and shrinking its US footprint for years. This closure in Washington state is one of many across the country. As US jobs are lost, Intel is expanding global operations.”
Eight petitions filed on behalf of Verizon (VZ) workers list about 470 jobs offshored during the past two years. One filed in Texas in 2015, for instance, says “Verizon conducted a workforce layoff … and moved our positions to the Manila, Philippines offshore location.” (Disclosure: Verizon is in the process of purchasing Yahoo, Yahoo Finance's parent company.) Intel and Verizon both declined to comment for this story.
Story continues
When asked if he would instruct the Culture Ministry to caution the young rising star, Prayut said: “I want people and the media to warn her. I don't know what to do. People like this style of performance and dressing.”
He was commenting on a controversy surrounding singer Lamyai Haithongkham's twerking that involves nine consecutive “air banging” moves.
Critics have said the 18-year-old singer's dance moves and scanty outfits were unsuitable to Thai culture.
In response, Prajakchai Naowarat, a senior executive of Haithongkham, the singer's music label, which means “gold jar”, promised the performer would tone down her routine in future shows. Prajakchai said the company accepted criticism regarding the singer. “We will correct it. The pelvic-thrust moves will be done for three consecutive times, not nine as is the case now,” he said.
He said the singer would also wear shorts that “look better” in future performances.
However, the executive also defended Lamyai's dance moves, saying that similar twerks were done by world-class singers.
Lamyai, whose real name is Suphansa Vechkama, is well known for her song “Pusao Kha Loh”, or “fun-loving girl”. The song's official music video on YouTube garnered more than 230 million views in just six months, surpassing videos of every other popular Thai singer.
The prime minister's comments yesterday were a return to verbal communications with the media. Over the past two weeks he has refused to reply to questions verbally and has answered inquiries through handwritten notes.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
CAIRO – “When I come home, my foyer is always full of people, Jews and non- Jews, important people and not, judges and policemen, people who love me and people who hate me,” wrote Rabbi Moses ben Maimon in the last years of the 12th century. The sage, known as Maimonides, was living in Fustat in Egypt in what is now part of the sprawling city of Cairo. He was a personal physician to the sultan and spent his days healing officers of the ruling Ayyubid army and dealing with other secular affairs. “I have no time, except for Shabbat,” he wrote.
Egypt is deeply entwined with Jewish history. It was here the Jews became a large nation prior to the Exodus, as told in the Bible. The Jewish community was an integral and influential part of the country from the time of Rome to the period of Ottoman rule. Today the community consists of only six elderly Jewish women.
The president of the community, Magda Haroun, is the youngest at age 65. There are twice as many synagogues in Cairo than there are Jews. The Ben Ezra Synagogue in Old Cairo, near where Maimonides lived at Fustat in 1200, was renovated in the last decades and today signs point prominently to the “Jewish temple” in Arabic.A sign from US AID and the Supreme Council of Antiquities adorns a gate and tourists as well as Egyptian students make up the visitors to the old synagogue. A sign on the door says “Property of the Jewish community Cairo.” Around the back, but closed to the public, is a library and an unexcavated mikveh. On the second floor a small door that can only be accessed with a ladder leads to a geniza, or storage room, for sacred documents. It was here that the life story of Maimonides has come to life.“There isn't a home of an observant Jew in the world that doesn't have the books of Maimonindes and to be in the place where they were edited and where the texts were discovered is a great vibe, it's powerful,” says Yitzhak Sokoloff, founder and president of Keshet Educational Journeys and a fellow at the Rennert Center for Jewish Studies at Bar-Ilan University.On a recent trip to Egypt with Sokoloff and a tour group organized by Dr. Eric Mandel of the Middle East Political and Information Network, we saw up close the Ben Ezra Synagogue where the letters of Maimonides sat in a geniza for almost 700 years. In 1896 Cambridge University academic Solomon Schechter led an expedition to archive the Cairo geniza.Today some 200,000 documents removed from the synagogue have been catalogued and studied, shedding light on Jewish life through the ages in Egypt and beyond.Sokoloff says the Maimonides letters illustrate the positive relationship between Jews and Muslims in Egypt in the period. “The geniza opened up a whole world on what Jewish life was like…without that we would only have the products of his intellectual capacity and that is invaluable and moving.”A view of downtown Cairo in Egypt (credit: SETH J. FRANTZMAN)It shows how Jews traveled throughout the Mediterranean and Muslim world, sometimes as merchants, like Maimonides's brother.Even though the Egyptian Jewish community may be fading away, Sokoloff is inspired by the way the government has sought to make Ben Ezra part of the tourist map: “To see Muslim kids coming on a school trip and learning about Maimonides as part of their tradition and heritage, it is something they could have blotted out, but it is something they embrace, the whole experience of Jewish life in Cairo.”For decades under Egyptian president Gamal Abdel Nasser Jews were viewed as outsiders and potential traitors in Egypt, accused of working for Israel and being part of Zionist plots. Those who remained were imprisoned and suffered other slights. Like Christians and Muslims, they had their Jewish religion stamped on their identification cards, but unlike the others they were often portrayed as a nation apart.During the 1967 Six Day War, hundreds of Jews in what was left of the community were sent to prison camps. However, things began to thaw slightly after the signing of the Egyptian-Israeli peace treaty in 1979.Synagogues were refurbished and the government took interest in the Jewish history of the country. When Haroun became president of the community in 2013, she did interviews on television and she told reporters that when she walks in the streets today she is recognized and greeted by people.Besides Ben Ezra, there are Jewish sites that need support throughout Cairo, including the cemetery. Downtown on Adly Street the grand and beautiful Sha'ar Hashamayim Synagogue still stands and has welcomed visitors on the High Holy Days in recent years. It, too, was renovated in the early 2000s, a visible symbol of Jewish history emerging from the shadows.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Acting National Security Adviser Jacob Nagel is expected to take part in a decisive round of talks in Washington this week on a military aid deal with the United States. Haaretz has learned that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is leaning toward giving in on a good many of his demands and accepting most of the American terms. These include a gradual phasing out of Israel's spending of one-fourth of the American aid on purchases from Israeli defense contractors.
A senior official in Washington who asked to remain anonymous because of the sensitivity of the matter said that Nagel is expected to meet at the White House with U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice immediately on the latter's return from China toward the end of the week. Rice has been coordinating the talks with Israel on the aid deal together with Yael Lempert, who heads the White House's Israel desk.
Negotiations between the United States and Israel on the aid package for the coming decade began in November. After a few rounds the talks ran aground in May. The Americans made clear that their offer was final and it was up to Israel whether to sign while President Barack Obama is still in office or wait for the next president to take office in January 2017.
Nagel has held videoconferences with Rice and Lempert over the past few weeks to try to resolve the remaining disagreements and the meeting at the White House is apparently to finalize the details. Last Monday Netanyahu told the Knesset he hoped the deal would be completed within a few weeks. That day Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman told a meeting of the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee that he believed the deal would be clinched by Rosh Hashanah, which falls on October 2 this year.
Netanyahu is not happy with the U.S. proposal both in terms of the amount and the conditions the administration is imposing. However, he has decided to seal the deal while Obama is still in office and is leaning toward waiving most of his demands.
After accepting those terms, U.S. defense aid over the next decade could rise from the current proposal of $37 billion to $40 billion.
According to senior officials in Jerusalem, Netanyahu has agreed to the American demand to change the agreement Israel signed with the United States in the 1980s, which allowed the Defense Ministry and the army to spend nearly 40 percent of the annual U.S. aid on off-shore procurement, that is, purchases in Israel, as well as fuel purchases. The Americans said the current arrangement no longer serves the interests of both countries and is an ineffective way to use the funding.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
According to the agreement Israel and the United States signed in 2007, which will expire in 2018, Israel receives military aid of about $3 billion a year on the average. Israel can spend 26 percent of this sum, or about $800 million a year, on purchases in shekels from Israeli defense industries. Moreover, according to senior U.S. officials, Israel spent about 13 percent of the annual American aid over the past few years, or about $400 million, to purchase fuel for the Israel Defense Forces, particularly airplane fuel. Israel is the only country in the world that is permitted to use American aid for these two needs.
Despite pressure by Israeli security industries and Netanyahu's own opposition, he has had to back down on it and is making do with a gradual reduction of the use of the aid in Israel. One of the issues Nagel is expected to close in Washington is the length of the period until the arrangement stops entirely. Israel wants it to wind down over 10 years, while the Americans want it to cease after seven or eight years.
Another contentious issue over which Netanyahu seems ready to give in is the funding of Israel's missile defense system. Until now, Israel applies annually to the administration and to Congress for funding to develop systems such as Iron Dome. Every year negotiations take place with the White House and with Congress that conclude with an agreed-on sum to give to Israel for missile defense. The United States now wants to include this aid in the basic aid budget. In return, the administration wants Israel to agree to forgo its separate channel to Congress for the purpose of increasing aid to its missile program.
Imprisoning Nabeel Rajab simply for sharing his opinion is a flagrant violation of human rights, and an alarming sign that the Bahraini authorities will go to any length to silence criticism Salil Shetty, Amnesty International's Secretary General Share this Twitter
Facebook
Email
The sentencing of human rights defender Nabeel Rajab, in his absence, to two years in prison for TV interviews is the latest shocking display of zero tolerance for freedom of expression by the Bahraini authorities, Amnesty International said today.
“Imprisoning Nabeel Rajab simply for sharing his opinion is a flagrant violation of human rights, and an alarming sign that the Bahraini authorities will go to any length to silence criticism,” said Salil Shetty, Amnesty International's Secretary General.
“Nabeel Rajab should be commended for shedding light on allegations of serious human rights abuses; instead, Bahrain's government and judiciary have once again tightened their chokehold on freedom of expression and branded him a criminal. No one should be jailed for speaking out about human rights.”
Nabeel Rajab was jailed in June 2016 over tweets he made that alleged torture in a Bahraini prison, and criticized the killing of civilians in the Yemen conflict by the Saudi Arabia-led coalition.
On 28 December 2016 a Bahraini court ordered his release, but the authorities refused to release him and instead he was immediately re-arrested and taken into custody in relation to TV interviews he gave in 2015 and 2016. His trial on charges of publishing and disseminating rumours and false news relating to the internal situation in the country began on 23 January.
Nabeel Rajab was held in solitary confinement for over nine months of his detention until his transfer to the Ministry of Interior Hospital in al-Qalaa having suffered from complications following surgery in early April. Prolonged and indefinite solitary confinement violates the prohibition of torture and other ill-treatment. Despite medical reports issued by the hospital confirming that he could not attend his hearings, the court continued the trial. On 14 June Nabeel Rajab's defence lawyers and diplomats from the USA, UK and Australia walked out of court when the judge rejected the lawyers' request to postpone the trial until Nabeel Rajab is fit to attend.
Nabeel Rajab has been in and out of prison since 2012 on charges related to his peaceful human rights activism, and has been banned from leaving Bahrain since November 2014.
Today the High Criminal Court in Manama found him guilty of “publishing and disseminating rumours and false news”.
“Nabeel Rajab has been persecuted for years for speaking out against human rights abuses. We reiterate our call on Bahraini authorities to immediately and unconditionally release him, and we are urging them to end their crackdown on freedom of expression and ensure the right of everyone in Bahrain to peacefully express themselves,” said Salil Shetty.
Background
Nabeel Rajab is also on trial on charges of “spreading false rumours in time of war”, “insulting public authorities [the Ministry of Interior]” and “insulting a foreign country”, in relation to comments he posted and retweeted on Twitter relating to the war in Yemen and allegations of torture in Jaw prison. This trial began on 12 July 2016 and was postponed numerous times. If convicted, Nabeel Rajab faces 15 years in prison. His next hearing is scheduled for 7 August.
On 21 December, following a piece published a day earlier and written in his name in the French newspaper Le Monde, in which he calls onFrance and Germany to reassess their relationship with the countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), Nabeel Rajab was charged with “spreading false news and statements and malicious rumours that undermine the prestige of Bahrain and the brotherly countries of the GCC, and an attempt to endanger their relations.”
Nabeel Rajab was also charged with “undermining the prestige of the state” in relation to another piece published in his name in the New York Times in September 2016, in which he describes the conditions of his detention. It is not known whether he will face trial on either charge.
Nabeel Rajab's imprisonment is one of a long list of repressive measures taken by Bahraini authorities since May 2016. In September, Amnesty International, alongside 21 other NGOs, wrote to the governments of 50 states calling on them to press for Nabeel Rajab's release.
Comparison of the conviction rates of a few countries of the world
It's really worrying to note that our conviction rate has declined “from 64.8 per cent in 1961 to 41.8 in 2000 and 40.8 in 2001.” These are apparently the latest figures that are available, figures officially released by the Home Ministry.
Worse, this 40 percent (which I am sure has decreased further by now) means nothing. It says here:
But that 40% is actually a camouflage because every time there is a challan and somebody pays Rs 100 as fine, it is recorded as a conviction. Every time somebody feels guilty and pays a fine under company law, we take it as a conviction and then claim that the conviction rate is 40%. In heinous crimes like murder, the conviction rate under the so-called normal processes has come down to 6.5%.
The reality is that our conviction rate for certain crimes is as low as 14.9% (terrorist and disruptive activities), assault/murder cases 6.2%, molestation cases 4.8%. And these are the 2001 figures!
Causes for a low conviction rate can range from shortage of investigative officers, pressure from politicians, corruption to a slow judicial system. But wait, almost all countries have conviction rates that are a cause for concern, although for different reasons!
Too high a conviction rate
Countries like Japan have a conviction rate of 99.97 percent, and China has a conviction rate of about 98 percent – and this is not necessarily good because a high conviction rate can mean that people are not getting a fair trial. In such a scenario crime doesn't really stop (and could increase) as clever criminals avoid being caught and I am sure are quite happy that at least someone is getting caught and being tried for their crimes!
It is perhaps not all that surprising that that this could be happening in China…but in Japan too? Well, they have realised it, specially as their conviction rate rose after their jury system was done away with. Now they are thinking of re-introducing it.
One of the reasons for a high conviction rate is that people are put behind bars routinely on the basis of their own confessions. And all of us in India know only too well about how police extract confessions!!
Russia is another country which suffers from the malaise of a high conviction rate. It was so during their communist rule, but their conviction rate of over 90 percent has not significantly reduced even after their political system changed. Russia's aim had been to establish an ‘independent judiciary' and to give rights to the accused, but even today “the current system continues to perpetuate the Soviet practice of almost automatically convicting everyone who appears in court.”
This article from the Washington post says:
Judges do not see themselves as in any way separate from prosecutors and police. You can write democratic laws, but you have to follow them, too
In Russia, cases heard by judges have a conviction rate of about 99 percent. In jury trials it's around about 15 -20 percent less, but as only 8 percent of all criminals trials are tried by juries, this is not of any significance. Worse, those who are acquitted are often re-tried and there have been cases of defendants being found guilty after 2-3 acquittals!
In India we apparently follow the Anglo-Saxon system:
…its basic premise that even if a thousand guilty persons escape punishment, not one innocent should be punished. It is, therefore, incumbent upon the prosecution to prepare foolproof cases that can stand judicial scrutiny.
What about Britain and the US then?
Well, Britain is in a soup if this article is anything to go by. This IHT article (2006) says:
…conviction rates for many violent crimes have been declining since 1997 and are now below 10 per cent.
There is a serious concern in Britain with regard to their low conviction rate in rape cases. Overall though Britain has a decent conviction rate of about 74 percent. It's the conviction rate for violent crimes which is a big problem and well, that is what is of utmost concern to citizens.
It was difficult to get the conviction rates for the United States, although I did get some statistics for individual states. From I understand the overall conviction rates range from 65 percent to 80 percent and American conviction rates are higher than Britain's. However there is criticism of America's high conviction rate as it is felt that that America puts far too many people in prison!
Well, looking at these figures for some other countries in the world, I think we in India shouldn't blame ourselves too much…although it's a long long struggle ahead. Hopefully we can improve our conviction rate without falling into the pitfalls that some others have. It is indeed interesting that India has a low conviction rate inspite of having a judge system. In countries like Russia, China or Japan, judges have a high level of accountability to the state and that is why they try to convict as many people as possible. The problem is that they could be taking it too far.
Another problem in our country is the high number of undertrials, far over the actual number convicted (which means they are innocent!), but then that is another story. And matter for another post.
Related Reading: Comparision of violent crime in the world
Social Trust is connected to poverty and crime
Too many on security duty in India
Poor citizen to police ratio
Crime decreasing all over the developed world
Share this post:digg it|kick it|Email it|bookmark it|reddit|liveIt
Advertisements
LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May refused to say whether she would vote for Brexit if there was another referendum, repeatedly avoiding giving an answer on an issue that will define Britain's fate for generations to come.
Although May has talked up the “promise of Brexit” since gaining power last year, she had, in the run-up to the June 2016 referendum, quietly backed staying in the European Union.
She won the top job after David Cameron, who had also campaigned to remain, resigned in the chaos following the shock result of the vote. She has ruled out holding a second referendum on the final deal of the terms of Brexit, despite calls for one from some pro-EU lawmakers.
Asked three times in an interview if she had changed her mind since then, she did not answer directly, saying she wouldn't engage with hypothetical questions and said her job was now to deliver what the people had voted for.
“I voted remain for good reasons at the time, but circumstances move on and I think the important thing now is that I think we should all be focused on delivering Brexit and delivering the best deal,” she said on British radio station LBC on Tuesday.
The United Kingdom remains deeply divided over Brexit which most senior politicians view as the most important decision Britain has taken since World War Two.
In the June 23, 2016 referendum, 17.4 million voters, or 51.9 percent of votes cast, backed leaving the EU while 16.1 million voters, or 48.1 percent of votes cast, backed staying.
Britain has just over one year to negotiate the terms of the divorce and the outlines of the future relationship before it is due to leave in late March 2019. Both sides need an agreement to keep trade flowing between the world's biggest trading bloc and the fifth largest global economy.
But the other 27 members of the EU combined have about five times the economic might of Britain. They also have a strong incentive to deny the UK a deal so attractive it might encourage others to follow the British example.
May, who said she voted to remain, called a general election earlier this year in a bid to unite the country around her vision for Brexit. However, she lost her parliamentary majority, jeopardizing her premiership.
Britain's Prime Minister, Theresa May, arrives at 10 Downing Street in central London, Britain October 9, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Pressed on whether she would now vote leave, she said she would look at everything and come to a judgment, but stressed that there would not be another referendum.
Minister Damian Green, who is effectively May's deputy, was asked on BBC Newsnight the same question. He said that it would have been better had the public voted to remain, but there would not be another referendum and it was his job as a democrat to work towards making Brexit a success.
Under the headline “Theresa Maybe”, The Sun, Britain's most read newspaper, said Brexiteers were offended by May's response.
As J.C. Jackson turns...
J.C. Jackson has been a Florida commit since last summer. Since committing to the Gators, he has seemed to spend a lot of time contemplating both flipping back to Florida State and completing a circuit of Florida's Big Three schools by flipping to Miami. But Jackson spent a lot of time in Gainesville on Saturday.
Zach Abolverdi of The Gainesville Sun reports that Jackson made a surprise visit to Gainesville on Saturday, saying it was a "spur of the moment" decision to make the "five-hour" trip (it's a four-hour trip if you don't speed) from Immokalee to Gainesville on a day when he was initially scheduled to go to Florida State on an official visit and receive Miami coach Al Golden on an in-home visit.
But, as is always the case with Jackson, there are caveats: He did drive back to Miami and likely met with Golden on Saturday, and he told Abolverdi "You'll see Wednesday" and told 247Sports's Luke Stampini ($ update, free thread) "I don't know" when asked if he was sticking with Florida. I think Jackson wants to be a Gator, but his father certainly seems to be pushing Miami hard, and that makes Jackson hard to call at this point.
Damian Prince lauds official visit
The lone 2014 prospect on an official visit to Florida over the weekend was Damian Prince, and, by all accounts, he enjoyed himself.
It was a good bet that Florida would knock that official visit out of the park — it's hard not to when bringing kids from at or above the Mason-Dixon Line to Florida on an unseasonably warm day in January, or when bringing just one big name to town on an official this late in the game — and Florida offensive line coach Mike Summers had already clearly made an impression on Prince.
But the tricky time for the Gators is the next three days. Prince is out of their hands and on Maryland's home turf now, and for Florida to overcome the Terps (and super-recruiter Mike Locksley), Prince is going to have to want what he had over the weekend more than he needs the comforts of family and home in Maryland. That's a tough ask, but the Gators have certainly done all they can do to make Prince pick Florida.
Adoree' Jackson does the L.A. circuit
The basics with Adoree' Jackson remain the same: It feels like Florida and USC are the two teams that are ultimately his finalists, because they are the two teams that have been in the running for him for the longest. But it's been rare of late to have a week or weekend go by without a development for Jackson that changes something, and last weekend was no different.
Jackson visited both USC and UCLA over the weekend, per 247Sports USC reporter Justin Hopkins ($), and definitely saw UCLA with his mother — who flew in prior to the weekend to help Jackson with his decision. Despite that, though, Hopkins just switched his Crystal Ball pick for Jackson to Florida, and national writer J.C. Shurburtt followed suit.
Hopkins isn't exactly the master of the USC beat — he's been 247Sports' Oregon insider for a while — but he's also one of the national names I trust, and Shurburtt is the top-ranked predictor in the country according to the Crystal Ball. And Florida's staying power with Jackson has been impressive, given the distance, Jackson's lack of a return visit, Florida's struggles in 2013, and the enthusiasm that has swelled around USC under both Ed Orgeron and Steve Sarkisian. If the Gators pull Jackson from a Trojan stomping grounds, it may be the recruiting coup of the year.
I have to say, this has been the best redditgifts exchange I've done so far. I got home from a work trip yesterday to a nice big box full of beer and coffee! Apparently my gifter is from NY, which is great because I get to try some new beers from a different region. I'm especially excited because I got an IPA, which is my all-time fave style of beer, and a chocolate stout which is easily a style in my top 4 or 5. The coffee smells delicious, and although I'm tempted to hog it for myself, I suppose I'll take it into the lab tomorrow to share. My gifter did a great job--thanks so much! I'll try to add pics--warning, my phone has a shitty camera and I have no camera
Gifter--sorry I was a little late confirming/posting pics!
A conversation with a Copeland voter
“Hello is that Mr. Joe Bloggs?
“Yes. Who is it?”
“My name is Rachel. I'm calling from the Labour party on behalf of Gillian Troughton. Do you have a few moments?”
“Yes, go on.”
“I was just wondering who you planned to vote for in the by-election on 23rd February?”
“I have no idea”
“Okay who did you vote for last time – at the General Election in 2015?”
“I voted Labour. Always have done.”
“So if you could choose between a Labour Government and a Tory Government which way would you lean?”
“Labour. I'd always prefer a Labour Government”
“So why are you undecided?”
“Well, I work at Sellafield and I'm worried that my job isn't safe with Jeremy Corbyn as leader”.
“If you mean does Jeremy Corbyn support Moorside then yes he does. He released a statement about it the other day, saying he supports it”.
“But I saw him on ITV Border News the other night. Wouldn't answer a sodding question. He was useless!”
“He made the statement after the interview to clarify his views.”
“But he's been opposed nuclear for 30 years. He only supports Moorside now because he wants our votes. It's just cynical – like all politicians.”
“Yes I can see why you might think that. But Gillian Troughton supports Moorside. It's one of her pledges. Her husband works at James Fisher in Egremont.”
“Yes I know Gillian. She's great. But would she defy the whip on Moorside?”
“I don't think that would be necessary. Party policy clearly supports new nuclear. A GMB motion on it passed overwhelmingly at Conference in September.”
“But Jeremy Corbyn will want to change party policy. He's leader, surely.”
“Well no actually. It's Conference that determines policy not the leader.”
“So why all the fuss about him being leader if he has no power over policy?”
“That's a very good question! Look this election is about who will represent Copeland in parliament. Gillian is a brilliant local candidate, she is a strong advocate of new jobs at Moorside, supports new investment in infrastructure and as a trained doctor and volunteer ambulance driver, she'll help save the West Cumberland Hospital.”
“But she won't will she.”
“Why do you mean?”
“Well how is she going to save the hospital? Labour isn't in government, and quite frankly, seems neither willing nor able to get into government any time soon. However much she wants to save the hospital, she will be outvoted by the Tories and services will move to Carlisle anyway. Meanwhile, I will have given the Labour party the “green light” to go down the tree hugging path it wants to go down under Jeremy Corbyn and agree to send me my P45”.
The Copeland by-election is not the first election I have worked on. It is not even the first election I have worked on in Copeland: I was living there in 2010. What was striking about this election was the extent to which voters were saying the same thing over and over again. It was some permutation of the above conversation. It was about Jeremy Corbyn, it was about the nuclear industry and it was about our inability to deliver for them because we had decided we wanted to be unelectable.
It should be said that voters weren't always this polite: Corbyn was referred to in all sorts of colourful language – even by lifetime Labour voters. “That idiot in charge of the Labour party” was at the milder end of what I encountered. Even many of those who promised to vote Labour were often quick to qualify their support with a statement about their dissatisfaction with the party leader.
I know that the extent to which voters mentioned Corbyn's name was partly due to the effectiveness of the Conservative campaign in getting their message across about his long-held opposition to nuclear new build. But if our opponent's primary campaign tool is our own party leader, then we have some hard thinking to do as a party. Replicate their Copeland campaign across the country and we could face wipe-out across our industrial heartlands – and beyond.
It is to the PLP's credit that so many of them came to campaign in Copeland. They too will have had conversations like these. Among those making the trip to knock on doors included John McDonnell, Emily Thornberry and Shami Chakrabarti. I have heard from several sources that John McDonnell was very good on the doorstep but that even he had negative comments about Jeremy Corbyn made to him. He knows that activists aren't making this up in a covert plot to overthrow the leader. On the contrary, activists were out there eight hours a day, seven days a week trying to overcome the leader's unpopularity in order to win the by-election.
Nobody in the Copeland Labour party wanted the Tories to win. How could they? Hospital services were on the line, council services were being cut to the bone and a local high school was being taken to the cleaners by an academy chain. These issues affect the day-to-day lives of people living in West Cumbria and losing has consequences.
But hear this: the party leadership's steadfast refusal to take responsibility for the Copeland by-election result may well convince many party members. However, in the working men's clubs and rugby league terraces of Copeland, they will just laugh. I hear the voices of the retired miners retelling of their four mile walk under the Irish Sea to get to the coal face being told they can't walk 100 yards in the rain to get to the polling station. Or those who have been flooded out of house and home being told a spot of drizzle would put them off voting. Oh, they'll moan about the council or that Jamie Reed getting himself a cushy number at Sellafield. But when they've stopped laughing and moaning, it'll dawn on them that maybe they were right all along: those politicians down in London aren't remotely interested in a word they have to say. They're only interested in protecting their own back.
The Labour party exists to be a voice for ordinary people in parliament. Copeland no longer has a voice within the Parliamentary Labour Party. The mantle falls on all of us who can hear the voices of people in Distington, Lowca, Parton, Moresby, Whitehaven, Egremont, St. Bees, Cleator Moor, Frizington, Bigrigg, Thornhill, Arlecdon, Rowrah, Moor Row, Seascale, Gosforth, Ennerdale, Eskdale, Millom, Keswick and Bootle, to provide that voice within the Labour party. Their voices are louder than all the boos that can be assembled.
Some conservative lawmakers view the cuts as money in the bank. | REUTERS Senate GOP may foil sequester fix
Not everyone in Washington is so desperate to avoid sequestration.
A handful of Senate conservatives have been gaming out ways to block a deal, if they consider it a bad one — even if it means letting billions in across-the-board cuts go through, according to GOP sources on Capitol Hill.
Story Continued Below
The issue: Republican budget hard-liners fear that the White House, congressional Democrats and their own party leaders will try to replace or forestall the cuts with budget gimmickry or new taxes. They worry that “fake” cuts — savings that would have happened anyway or other accounting tricks — will become increasingly popular, even for moderate Republicans, as the zero hour approaches for the Defense Department.
In private sessions, these Republicans have begun laying plans to block a big, bipartisan agreement, either by pressuring GOP leaders not to give ground or using the congressional rulebook to slow-walk the process.
It is too early to tell what will come down the pike, and the discussions are preliminary, Republican sources cautioned.
But the conservative lawmakers are “concerned” that leaders could “use the sequester as leverage to get a bad deal” through Congress, one senior GOP aide told POLITICO.
They view the cuts as money in the bank, the silver lining of an August 2011 Budget Control Act, the debt-limit deal that gave Congress the choice of coming up with $1.2 trillion in deficit reduction over 10 years or letting automatic cuts to defense and domestic programs take effect on Jan. 2, 2013.
“Whatever you say about the cuts, and we all opposed the BCA, it was a big victory for those wanting to cut spending,” said a Senate Republican source. “To then turn around and replace that with revenue” — or unrealistic future cuts — “is going to be a very hard thing to overcome on our side.”
For a variety of reasons, many fiscal conservatives voted against the budget control measure, which set up the sequestration process. The irony now, Republican sources say, is that folks who voted for the sequester are the most eager to get rid of it and lawmakers who voted no are more willing to let it take effect.
The official line from most conservatives is that the planned cuts to the Pentagon would devastate the nation's defenses and they should be replaced by reductions to domestic programs or other budgetary offsets that don't involve raising taxes.
Congressional Democrats and White House chief of staff Jack Lew, the point man in constructing the sequester, wanted a way to force Republicans into choosing between defense cuts and tax increases, sources said at the time. House Democrats tried to make that choice more stark for Republicans earlier this month by drafting legislation that would have replaced the defense cuts with tax increases. But the GOP blocked the measure from coming up for a vote.
“The holdout has been that Republicans are much more interested in protecting tax breaks for special interests, like tax breaks for big oil companies, than they are in protecting defense spending,” said Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen, the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee and a negotiator on the 2011 budget deal.
The Sono Recording Group (SRG), a leading full-service independent label dedicated to expanding the reach of artists and producers, today announced the signing of multi-genre band Twiddle. Twiddle's upcoming releases will be marketed and distributed globally by SRG through its partnerships with the ILS Group and Universal Music Group.
Twiddle, known for their epic live performances, have been recording and performing together since 2004 when the original members met at Castleton State College in Vermont. Since that time they have excelled within the diverse Jam Band scene through their Reggae/Dub infused sound that also touches upon Jazz, Blues, Psychedelia, and good old fashion Rock 'n' Roll. Twiddle performs in front of tens of thousands of fans at venues all over the United States. They finished 2016 with multiple head lining performances in front of capacity crowds in Philadelphia PA, Port Chester NY, Boston MA, Portland ME, and Albany NY.
Twiddle's first release for SRG will be the completion of the their ambitious Plump project. The new release will include Chapter 1 which was launched in December 2015 alongside the highly anticipated Plump – Chapter 2 in a deluxe double CD and LP release. SRG has secured legendary producer Ron Saint Germain (Bad Brains, Sonic Youth, 311) to work with the band and production team to complete the collection which will be released in early spring 2017.
Claude Villani founder of SRG and Senior VP at the ILS Group states, “We are very excited to have such a diverse and exciting band as Twiddle on our roster. The following they have built is truly impressive, and we intend to reenforce their music and message with their current fans and introduce them to new fans through extensive retail, radio and press marketing”
“The band is excited and proud to work with SRG to release the final double disc version of PLUMP. They speak our language, have a passionate team going to bat for us, and genuinely believe in the path we're blazing.” Kevin Rondeau: Manager, Twiddle
“Claude Villani runs a highly regarded independent label, which is exactly what we have been waiting for. I'm excited about SRG's history of success, but even more so their confidence in our dynamic sound, and it's potential to reach many more ears in 2017 and beyond.” Mihali Savoulidis: Lead Guitar and Vocals, Twiddle
“We took our time getting to know everyone at the Sono Record Group, which is why we're signing this deal. They're taking a risk on our album most labels wouldn't, and that says a lot to me. The success of SRG speaks for itself, and I know I am personally really pumped about everything that lies ahead.” Zdenek Gubb: Bass and Vocals, Twiddle
Okay, so Monday was technically Left Hander's Day. But you didn't know that did you? I didn't, not until about 10 p.m. that night because quite frankly, I never realized we had a Left Hander's Day. So this post is a little late, but that doesn't matter. You care about reading up on the 10 best lefties to ever put on a NBA uniform, not when you read about them.
I've always been a big fan of Sam Perkins. How can you not be? He was cooler than ice, dropped buckets with a nasty, line-drive jumper (he didn't exact “jump”) and he nearly killed my Bulls by banging a game-winning triple in Game 1 of the 1991 NBA Finals.
When I broke two fingers in my right hand playing ball after my senior year of high school, Perkins got me through. I shot lefty, tried to be like him, and eventually went to college with a pretty decent left-handed shot. All it took was a few months of having my right hand back before I lost the touch with the opposite arm, but that's beside the point.
Lefties are unique and different, and because they're a rare bird, they leave a mark. Here are the 10 best lefties in NBA history.
*** *** ***
10. BOB LANIER
Lanier might be famous for having size 22 sneakers (When he finished his career after making eight All-Star Games, Lanier said he only retired because Milwaukee had finally found a player who could fill his shoes – Alton Lister. He meant it literally.), but he finished his career just shy of the 20,000-point, 10,000-rebound club (totals: 19,248 points, 9,698 rebounds).
Still, he left the game with a void: no championship. It wasn't entirely his fault. He played for Detroit in the 1970s. At the time, they were just happy to make the playoffs. Later, he'd be granted a trade request to Milwaukee, and fall three times in the conference finals.
But besides the numbers and the memorable touch he had on hook shots and jumpers, Lanier might be remembered most for his pain tolerance. The dude began his rookie season almost immediately after having knee surgery, and then over the course of his 14-year career, he had seven more knees surgeries (No confirmation on whether his doctor later became Penny‘s).
“I still believe that I have a chance of winning”
Although he's yet to show strong form this year and had a quiet showing in last Sunday's Ronde Van Vlaanderen, Thor Hushovd remains convinced that it's possible he could take Paris-Roubaix in three days' time.
The BMC Racing Team rider tried to win the race last year as world champion, but came up against a very powerful Fabian Cancellara, who quickly made it clear that he was the strongest. Realising that it would be very difficult to get the better of the Swiss rider and also that it had another in a good position to go for the win, the Garmin Cervélo team decided to play the Johan Vansummeren card.
The Belgian duly won, Cancellara broke clear to secure second place, and Hushovd was eighth. It sharpened his determination to try to take victory in 2012.
His buildup has however been more complicated than he would have liked. He suffered stomach problems in Paris-Nice and was then forced to miss Milan-Sanremo due to a fever. To date, fifth on a stage of Paris-Nice is his best result.
Since then, he's pulled out of the E3 Prijs Harelbeke, placed 48th in Gent-Wevelgem and 55th in the Ronde Van Vlaanderen. “I was expecting to do better,” he said of last week's race. “I didn't have any strength in my legs. I felt empty.”
However, with Roubaix fast approaching, he feels things are on the up. “It's a race in which anything can happen,” he insists. “I feel that I'm getting back on form. My training has been good and I still believe that I have a chance of winning in Roubaix. I know that experience is a massive factor in the race.”
What's clear is that this year, the race will be different as a result of one of his big rivals breaking his collarbone in the Flanders Classic. It remains to be seen how exactly things will turn out as a result. “I don't know how much the absence of Cancellara will change the race this year,” he said. “Tom Boonen is in great form, so he is the favourite with a team that should be able to handle the toughness of the race.
“It's a shame for Cancellara, he was in the right condition to win the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix again, but that's cycling for you – it can happen to us all.”
In theory Cancellara's absence should help Hushovd's chances, even if he will still have to deal with the in-form Boonen, who won on Sunday. The Swiss rider is one of a very small number with the strength to break clear and to hold off a hard chase behind; without Cancellara, it can be argued that a small group sprint is more likely, something which would suit Hushovd.
Although Gilbert Duclos Lassalle won the race at 38, Hushovd knows that he's running out of chances. He's now 34 years of age and has to pull out a big performance. He's clear on what the Hell of the North means to him.
“Paris-Roubaix is my obsession,” he said. “It's the race of my dreams, the one I want to win before I call a halt to my career.”
RTÉ crime drama Love/Hate will be screened across Europe and dubbed into French and German in a new deal with on-demand film and TV service, Netflix.
In a statement, RTÉ said: "Following on from the recent ratings success of the Love/Hate season finale on RTÉ One, RTÉ is delighted to announce that Love/Hate will now be streamed on Netflix in France, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg."
ITV Studios Global Entertainment on behalf of RTÉ has secured this multi-year subscription video-on-demand deal with Netflix. The deal will result in all five seasons of the drama being dubbed into French and German, a first for the series.
Love/Hate has already been sold to 30 countries, including the UK, Norway, Australia, the Middle East (including over 20 countries from India to Yemen), Singapore, South Korea, Israel, Brazil along with Hulu, Netflix and Amazon in the US.
Speaking about the deal, Jane Gogan, RTÉ's Head of Television Drama, said: “This is fantastic news for RTÉ and Octagon Films. Our ambition has always been to make good drama for Irish audiences that can work internationally as well.
"After the excellent engagement with the most recent series of Love/Hate it's good to see international audiences looking for the show as well."
Computer engineers at the University of Utah announced a breakthrough on Monday, potentially paving the way for supercomputers that process data thousands of times faster than they do now.
Traditional computers process data by way of electrons, which travel through wired connections. But the engineers have developed an "ultracompact beamsplitter" that uses photons instead, creating light beams 50 times thinner than a strand of hair.
And because the beamsplitter itself is so small, millions of them could fit on a single computer chip.
Light is the only constant when it comes to measuring speed. There is nothing faster in existence. (There are some theoretical ways you could beat the speed of light, however.)
But for all practical matters, "light is the fastest thing you can use to transmit information," computer engineering professor Rajesh Menon explained in the group's report, which appeared Monday in the journal Nature Phototronics. "But that information has to be converted to electrons when it comes into your laptop. In that conversion, you're slowing things down.
"The vision is to do everything in light."
And the secret to doing that: The smallest polarization beamsplitter ever demonstrated.
Manon, who led the effort, estimates the beamsplitter technology could be used in supercomputers and large data processing centers in as little as three years, which would be spectacular if true. Further down the road, imagine consumer-friendly phones and tablets that are exponentially faster — yet have longer battery life because they need less power.
It's doubtful if there will ever be another Don with a Scottish Cup fairytale as magical as Derek McKay's.
Macduff loon Derek made just 19 appearances and scored only four goals during his brief Pittodrie career.
But what four goals!
Derek, who died in 2008 aged just 59, earned the nickname Cup-tie McKay, because all his goals were scored during the club's glory run to lift the Scottish Cup in 1970.
Signed from Dundee at the start of the 1969-70 season, he netted the only goal in their quarter-final win away to Falkirk.
Derek did it again as they overcame Kilmarnock 1-0 in the semis at the now long demolished Muirton Park, Perth.
The perfect end to his fairytale came when he also netted a double as the Dons beat Celtic 3-1 in the final at Hampden.
Joe Harper was Aberdeen's other scorer that day. He's delighted Derek will never be forgotten by the Red Army for his contribution to their triumph in 1970.
“Derek was one of my best pals as well as a team-mate,” said Joe, who went on to become the club's record scorer and now writes a weekly column for the Evening Express.
“I joined Aberdeen from Morton on the same day Derek arrived from Dundee.
“We hit it off instantly. We shared a flat and a caravan in Aberdeen and had a great time in what were our bachelor days.
“Neither of us could drive so we used to get the bus down to training every day. We got lost a wee bit on the way home sometimes, but we always had great fun.”
While Joe became an instant hit at Pittodrie, Derek found it hard to make the breakthrough into manager Eddie Turnbull's team.
He only featured in the game at Falkirk because the Dons squad had been hit by a flu bug.
Turnbull asked the SFA to cancel the match but when they said no he turned to Derek, who was the leading scorer in their reserve side with 15 goals in 14 games.
Derek, who emigrated to Australia after leaving the Dons, returned to Aberdeen in 2005 for a reunion of the 1970 cup winning team.
He spoke to the Evening Express then and agreed if the flu bug hadn't swept through the club he would never have played in that cup campaign.
Derek said: “I was so far out of the picture I was already making plans to move on again that summer.
“I was delighted when Eddie took me aside and said I would play at Falkirk.
“I played fairly well and managed to score the only goal, so that persuaded him to keep me in for the semi-final as well.”
Derek was always confident he could do well at Muirton, which was the home of St Johnstone before they moved to McDiarmid Park.
“Muirton had the biggest playing area in the whole of Scotland, which suited me to a tee,” said Derek.
“I always found plenty of space and it was great to get the only goal again.”
Aberdeen's celebrations had to be curtailed because of a riot between the two sets of fans at the final whistle.
Derek said: “The bottles and cans were flying everywhere.
“It failed to dampen our celebrations, though.
“The game was pretty dire, but we scrambled through and that was all that mattered.”
Turnbull, not surprisingly, kept Derek in the team for the final.
His double in that sealed a famous win and ensured Derek is still remembered fondly by the Dons fans nine years after his untimely death, from a heart attack while on holiday in Thailand with his family.
Derek's hopes of building on his cup heroics in 1970 were wrecked when he asked Turnbull for a pay rise.
Derek said: “Eddie told me I wasn't going to get any more money and that he would sit me in the stand to teach me a lesson.
“He did, until my contract ran out.
“That was the end of my Aberdeen career.”
Derek then had spells with Crystal Palace and Barrow before playing in Hong Kong, South Africa and Australia, where he eventually settled.
He became a window cleaner and also worked as a hospital porter.
Derek survived serious injuries suffered when he was involved in a car accident near Perth in 2003 and always kept in contact with Joe.
The former King of the Beach End was devastated when Derek died. He tried to pay his respects at Derek's grave during a visit to Australia earlier this year but couldn't find it.
Joe said: “The graveyard where he was laid to rest is huge and there was no one there able to tell us where the grave was.
“It was upsetting because I still think about Derek a lot.”
A federal court has granted class action status in the SPLC's lawsuit against the Birmingham Police Department, meaning the organization will represent all current and future students who could be exposed to pepper spray at the hands of police officers stationed in the city's schools.
“The court's ruling is a huge victory for all Birmingham students who risk being exposed to pepper spray each day they attend school,” said Ebony Howard, the SPLC's lead attorney in the lawsuit. “These students should be able to go to school to learn, and not have to fear for their safety. This ruling is an opportunity for Chief A.C. Roper and Mayor [William] Bell to stand up and say they will protect Birmingham's youth and end the unconstitutional practice of pepper-spraying students.”
Without class action status, the SPLC lawsuit would benefit only a handful of students.
The ruling, issued by U.S. District Judge Abdul Kallon on Aug. 31, explains how each pepper-spray incident on school grounds is directly related to the policies and practices of the Birmingham Police Department.
Police officers stationed in Birmingham schools currently are regulated only by the Birmingham Police Department's general policy on “Chemical Spray Subject Restraint.” The department has not provided officers with specific training or guidelines on the appropriate use of pepper spray in a school setting.
Huffman High School student "P.S," 18, was pepper-sprayed by a police officer at school two years ago. The incident started when a boy pushed her sister. When her sister defended herself, a police officer grabbed her from behind and doused her in the face. When Stearnes saw the incident, she ran to help her sister and was caught in the mist of chemicals.
“I've never been in trouble before,” P.S. said. “I was not threatening anyone, and I was not violent. The police officer should not have pepper-sprayed me. Pepper spray has no place in Birmingham schools. It's unacceptable for students like me to be in danger at school.”
The Birmingham Board of Education approved the placement of police officers in schools in January 1996. Over a five-year period beginning in 2006, officers used pepper spray on approximately 200 students.
The SPLC lawsuit, filed in December 2010, detailed how pepper spray is used against children who are completely restrained and pose no threat to themselves or others in school. The majority of incidents are for petty offenses.
We are the official UK distributor for Joyetech, one of the world's leading electronic cigarette manufacturers that has been at the forefront of the industry since 2007. Whilst the industry is very young compared to most conventional consumer product sectors, electronic cigarettes are rapidly transforming a centuries old market for smoking and tobacco related products. Joyetech is at the epicentre of this global transformation. To understand more about the Joyetech brand, cast your eye below.
High Quality As a company, Joyetech recognises that customers demand a high quality product, brand integrity and continuous improvement of said products and services. Like no other e-cigarette manufacturer this is understood by Joyetech, and it has taken a leadership position within the industry. Even in the industry's relatively short life span, Joyetech has been responsible for the development of a number of defining technical developments that have become deeply established in the market.
Innovation Joyetech products are not merely stylish, they are driven by innovation. In the beginning they created the 510 atomizer, which was to provide for the first time a stable and high quality atomizer that could meet, and indeed exceed, the user's expectation. From the 510 atomizer, the very first eGo device was developed. This product was recognised globally for its performance and quality, matched by no other mass produced product at the time. From these building blocks, Joyetech have progressed rapidly, utilising the latest in e-cigarette technology to create some of the most popular e-cigarettes within the vaping industry, such as the eVic, eGo AIO and ESPION range of products. It is through this consistent attention to high quality, service and innovation that has allowed Joyetech to enjoy an exemplary reputation as a premium producer of electronic cigarettes.
About Joyetech UK
We are an independent company working in formal strategic partnership with Joyetech. Our purpose is to provide the opportunity for consumers to buy genuine Joyetech products in the UK. We provide a comprehensive range of Joyetech products to customers, who can be safe in the knowledge that these products are Joyetech designed and manufactured and that only the best customer services will be accepted as our benchmark.
We promise to proudly uphold Joyetech's pedigree of delivering high class products, superb customer service and meticulous attention to detail.
Rural communities are destroying the invincible farmer myth and learning how to support each other, in a bid to tackle farmer suicide and mental illness.
The Federal Government has been accused of neglecting science and climate change.
It's cut millions of dollars from the CSIRO and its tried to axe climate and environmental agencies, all while the planet is tracking towards its hottest ever year.
But just how have the cuts affected climate research in agriculture? ABC Rural has discovered it's not all doom and gloom.
What's been cut?
It's been a bit of a bleak year for climate and environmental bodies. The Federal Government tried, unsuccessfully, to axe the Climate Change Authority; a Bill to abolish the National Water Commission is before the Senate; there's no more funding for the Carbon Farming Futures program; and Landcare lost half a billion dollars in the Federal Budget.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (3.05 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (3.05 MB)
Load more chevron right
One of the most talked about cuts was the $111 million slashed from the world-leading science organisation, the CSIRO. Its staff association claims one in five employees will lose their jobs over the next four years.
Doctor Michael Battaglia, the lead researcher in climate mitigation and adaptation at the CSIRO's Agriculture Flagship, suggests changes at the organisation have benefitted his area of work.
"Agricultural research at CSIRO is well and healthy, and whilst budget cuts have impacted on budget levels in parts of CSIRO, in general, staffing in agricultural research has stayed approximately the same," he said.
"I think there's probably been a 5 per cent reduction...a drop of 20 full-time employees."
The Agriculture Flagship, which was formed about a year ago, is a merger of the Climate Adaptation Flagship with the CSIRO's plant and livestock industries and its ecosystems sciences division.
It brings together about 600 scientists and a major focus is ensuring that climate adaptation and mitigation are considered in conjunction with farm productivity and profitability.
Dr Battaglia claims the formation of the flagship wasn't solely a response to funding cuts
"There was a realisation that we had a lot of cross-plumbing in the organisation and we could simplify it and increase our research efficiency through those realignments," he said.
"There was a strong feeling that incorporating [climate research] into our production-facing research was a better way of mainstreaming it and getting farmer adoption, than seeing it as a distinctly different area."
Dr Battaglia's work includes finding out whether particular types of livestock feed help reduce methane emissions while still increasing an animal's weight, whether some fertilisers that are less prone to emitting nitrous oxide, and how to measure soil carbon cheaply.
He says industry support has meant that climate research in agriculture, and agricultural research more generally, has escaped relatively unscathed.
Collaboration with with Research and Development Corporations (RDC's) has also helped.
Why research partnerships work
The RDCs collect a levy from growers, which is matched dollar for dollar by government.
In Horsham, in Western Victoria the Grains Research and Development Corporation has been studying the effects of elevated carbon dioxide levels on crops.
Doctor Jo Luck, from the Plant Biosecurity Co-operative Research Centre, used to work on that program, which has been guaranteed funding for another three years.
"We simulated future CO2, atmospheric CO2 environments, and we looked at how the insect feeds and breeds on wheat," she explained.
"We also looked at the transmission of the virus under high CO2 and what we showed was that the virus will have a much more significant effect on wheat, so we'll have reduced yield and stunting of the crop under higher CO2 levels, which is really concerning."
This year the Federal Government launched the Rural Research and Development for Profit program - $100 million in grant money for interested RDCs.
In their applications, they have to prove that their research will lead to increased profitability for farmers.
Principal scientist in climate applications at the South Australian Research and Development Institute, Professor Peter Hayman, is seeing the benefits.
"What we have with the RDCs, where we have farmer panels who are on the ground, coming up with the issues for me and colleagues to be doing research on, I think that's a real strength Australia has," he said.
He thinks climate research in agriculture has gained traction.
"There's a website called Climate Kelpie which you can go to to see some of the support systems and so on for different states and different industries.
"There's the Climate Change Research Strategy for primary industries, which is really the key players getting together and trying to co-ordinate activities and so on.
"And also the Managing Climate Variability program, which does a good job with limited funds to actually pull together some of the work and try to co-ordinate some of the research again, at both the how do we use the shorter term weather information and the seasonal information."
Fear of saying 'climate change'
While Professor Hayman is confident in the current research climate, he points to a need for a longer-term climate strategy.
"When it comes to climate change, obviously a farmer's main interest is the coming five years and so on.
"I think that is where governments play an increasing role on having that longer term view as well, in a partnership with the immediate management of weather and climate risk as they come up."
Dr Luck agrees and says now is the time for new areas of climate research to be given more attention.
"We have a very small project looking at the effect of wind dispersal and severe weather events and how that can move pests and diseases into agriculture, but other than that we don't have very much research going on in this space at the moment," she said.
"The priorities are in other areas like preparedness, early detection and response, safeguarding trade and biosecurity and community engagement...perhaps it's because it's long-term. The funding [now] there is for short-term problems and it's really difficult to get the funding for strategic research in climate change."
She says some scientists avoid using the term 'climate change' when writing their funding applications to a Coalition Government.
"I've seen that through the cycles of government, both state and federal, that there is a fear. Obviously scientists need funding and we all try and align the projects to what the government needs. So yes, there has been a change."
Even still, the general consensus amongst scientists ABC Rural spoke to is that it's not all doom and gloom for climate research in agriculture.
Most projects still have funding and the university sector and state departments are also carrying out work.
But every single scientist agreed that more broadly, the cuts to science are a serious concern, and some are worried that current climate research programs, provided by government, may not be continued in a year or two from now.
More than half of the non-government meetings Hillary Clinton held during her tenure as Secretary of State directly resulted in donations to the Clinton Foundation, says a report from the Associated Press.
According to AP, “154 people from private interests … met or had phoned conversations scheduled with Clinton while she led the State Department.” (RELATED: Bill Pens Open Letter To Clinton Foundation Donors)
At least 85 of those people either donated or pledged to donate money to the Clinton Foundation. (RELATED: Emails Show New Clinton Foundation-State Department Connections)
The 85 donors supplied the Clinton's alleged slush-fund up to $156 million, with at least 40 individuals giving more than $100,000 and 20 giving more than $1 million. (RELATED: Most Voters Think Hillary Used State Department To Grant Favors To Clinton Foundation Donors)
AP notes that these meetings “do not appear to violate legal agreements Clinton and former president Bill Clinton signed before she joined the State Department.” (RELATED: 96 Percent Of Hillary's Charitable Donations Went To Clinton Foundation)
Republican Vice Presidential nominee Mike Pence addressed the AP's report in a Tuesday statement.
The fact Hillary Clinton's official schedule was full of meetings with Clinton Foundation donors is further evidence of the pay-to-play politics at her State Department. No one is above the law. The Clinton Foundation must be immediately shut down and an independent special prosecutor be appointed to determine if access to Hillary Clinton was for sale. It would be a dereliction of duty by President Obama and his Justice Department if they fail to act on these startling new facts right now.
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
In 1961, the historian Richard Hofstadter wrote an essay for Harper's Magazine called ‘The paranoid style in American politics'. Written in the wake of McCarthy – the demagogic Republican senator who saw Soviet shills everywhere – it's a fascinating reflection on the conspiratorial strain in US politics, which, Hofstadter argued, was as old as the nation itself. He traced it through the anti-Masonic movement of the late 18th century, the anti-Catholic movement of the 1830s, and the populist agrarian-left of the late 19th century – all vocal fringes that were convinced America was beset by cliques of evil actors, plotting its downfall. This ‘sense of heated exaggeration, suspiciousness, and conspiratorial fantasy', he wrote, set the stage for the McCarthyite era.
With the US election looming, Hofstadter's essay is as pertinent today as it was then – but not in the way you might think. Yes, Donald Trump's more vociferous online fanboys are wont to push heavily footnoted theories about Hillary Clinton being terminally ill and/or plotting a ‘socialist dictatorship'; but even respectable critics of Donald Trump are tapping into the paranoid style. And the parallels with the Fifties are striking. McCarthy acolyte Robert H Welch once accused President Eisenhower of being ‘a dedicated, conscious agent of the Communist conspiracy'. Today, the conspiracy theory du jour is that Trump is ‘Putin's Puppet', a useful idiot in hock to the Kremlin and being used as a weapon against Western civilisation. Where once the right had sleepless nights over Communist (mostly Russian) agents, so today liberals think Vlad lurks behind Trump's every move. And this comes straight from the top of the Democratic establishment. This week, in response to FBI director James Comey's unprecedented decision to reopen the investigation into Clinton's email server just 11 days before the election, Senate minority leader Harry Reid wrote to Comey to accuse him of a ‘disturbing double standard'. He alleged that the FBI is sitting on ‘explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisers, and the Russian government'. This comes after a stream of news investigations claiming Trump has a private server connected with a shady Russian bank called Alfa.
The facts, of course, are a lot fuzzier. As the New York Times reports, the FBI investigated Trump's links with Russia over the summer, as part of a broader investigation into Russia's hacking of Democratic Party computer systems; it found ‘no conclusive or direct link between Trump and the Russian government'. The hacking into Democratic emails, the FBI concluded, ‘was aimed at disrupting the presidential election rather than electing Mr Trump'. Even lengthy investigative pieces in Slate and Mother Jones, based on interviews with hackers and anonymous intelligence officers, could offer nothing more than a ‘suggestive body of evidence', and suggestive nudges and winks, as proof that Trump was in league with Alfa or the Kremlin. These exhaustive articles hint to one of the central facets of the paranoid style: dot-connecting pedantry. As Hofstadter put it, paranoid literature has an ‘almost touching concern with factuality'. ‘McCarthy's 96-page pamphlet, McCarthyism', he noted, ‘contains no less than 313 footnote references, and [Robert H] Welch's incredible assault on Eisenhower, The Politician, has 100 pages of bibliography and notes'. Even where clearcut proof evaded him, McCarthy would still hold up his constellation of factoids as too compelling to ignore. In his 1951 indictment of then secretary of state George C Marshall, McCarthy, Hofstadter wrote, insisted ‘there was a “baffling pattern” of Marshall's interventions in the war, which always conduced to the wellbeing of the Kremlin' (my italics).
Long before claims about Trump's ‘hotline' broke, liberal hacks were compiling evidence about his myriad links with Russia. In a piece for Slate titled ‘Putin's Puppet', Franklin Foer explored Trump's ‘slavish devotion' to Putin (who he has never met) and catalogued his advisers' connections with Russian oligarchs. Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign chairman, worked with ‘clients close to the Kremlin' and worked for Victor Yanukovich – the now ousted president of Ukraine. Michael Flynn, Trump's defence adviser, was said to have ‘sat two chairs away from Putin at the 10th anniversary gala celebrating Russia Today'. ‘In the end, we only have circumstantial evidence about the Russian efforts to shape the election', Foer concedes, ‘but the pattern is troubling' (my italics). As ever, the simplest explanation evades the paranoid mind. As Jacob Heilbrunn notes in the Spectator, ‘there is a long history of American capitalists… who enjoyed intimate relations with the Kremlin, never allowing moral scruples to get in the way of business'. Perhaps, he adds, the reason Trump is so given to ‘pro-Putin twaddle' – ‘I think he's done really a great job of outsmarting our country', quoth The Donald – is that he actually believes it. But commonsense is cast out in favour of hysteria. ‘The paranoid spokesman', as Hofstadter put it, ‘traffics in the birth and death of whole worlds, whole political orders'. ‘Vladimir Putin has a plan for destroying the West – and that plan looks a lot like Donald Trump', concludes Foer.
An oxygen mask, placed on a child's mouth to desperately force air in, was supposed to be a past horror of war. Tuesday's chemical attack on the town of Khan Sheikhun in northwestern Syria revealed a bleak turn in an ongoing bleak conflict. After years of international effort to prevent such an attack, Syria's Civil War once again became toxic, as chemical weapons ravaged civilians in a rebel-held city. Syria's chemical weapons are a known quantity. Built up over decades in response to a series of military defeats, stockpiles of blistering mustard and incapacitating nerve agents like Sarin and VX became a guarantee of regime survival, as President Bashar Al-Assad's dictatorship held onto power. In 2012, Syria formally declared its chemical stockpile to the world, turning an open secret into an explicit threat against foreign intervention. Chemical weapons are a technical problem: Their use, handling, design, and disposal are all difficult tasks that require advanced expertise. But their existence, for a country that cannot produce nuclear warheads, is a means to provide insurance against attack—a grim threat aimed squarely at innocents. Should that country collapse into civil war, like Syria did in 2011 after Assad refused to abdicate in the face of mass protests against his regime, chemical weapons become the toxic tool of a toxic government, carefully formulated murder directed at internal enemies. For the international community, the Syrian civil war was an intractable problem, with a brutal, embattled regime opposed by a disparate collection of rebel groups and the ISIS, which carved a swath of territory out of both Syria and Iraq. Ending the war remains a challenge, but in 2013, international parties did agree on something: removing Assad's chemical stockpile.
Didn't Syria already get rid of its chemical weapons? The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, after reports of a chemical weapon attack by the Assad regime in 2012, declared such an attack reprehensible and pledged to monitor the situation. Syria was one of a few countries that chose not to sign the Convention on Chemical Weapons, but as part of a deal reached in 2013 Syria signed the treaty, agreed to verify its facilities, and then destroy its stockpiles. The Obama administration heralded this as a “major milestone,” noting that:
The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) announced it is now confident that no additional chemical agents or munitions can be produced in Syria. Just a few months ago, Syria had one of the largest chemical weapons stockpiles in the world – including mustard and Sarin – and Bashar al-Assad was using these awful weapons to kill his own people. In addition, given the situation on the ground in Syria, this dangerous arsenal was at risk of capture by or transfer into the hands of extremists.
Yet, chemical attacks continue. In 2014, investigators found evidence of attacks using chlorine. Both the World Health Organization and Doctors Without Borders said the effects of this week's attack point to a deadlier nerve agent, like Sarin.
How does Sarin work as a weapon? There are several categories of chemical weapon. Chlorine, for example, is a choking agent, that makes breathing difficult. Cyanide is a “blood agent,” not because it enters through the bloodstream but because it makes it harder for blood to transport oxygen. A blistering agent, like mustard, burns skin and causes ruptures wherever it makes contact, so it's especially harmful to eyes and the respiratory tract, and can be fatal—especially if it gets in the lungs. Nerve agents, like Sarin, instead directly attack the nervous system, and work almost immediately; they lead to paralysis or convulsions and, if the respiratory system is attacked, an inability to breath and death shortly thereafter. While commonly referred to as gasses, very few chemical weapons actually are. Instead, Sarin works as an aerosol, a highly toxic liquid mist. At over 300 degrees fahrenheit, Sarin starts to break down, so there's a somewhat tricky balance in dispersing it with an explosive. “In liquid form, Sarin evaporates slightly slower than a glass of water, so you can put it in an artillery shell or a rocket shell—something with enough explosives to crack the case open and turn [the Sarin] into an aerosol, but not so many explosives that it destroys it,” says Dan Kaszeta, who has decades of experience in chemical and biological hazards, including service as a chemical officer in the U.S. Army and years spent working with White House Military Office planning emergency responses to chemical or biological terror attacks.
What does it take to rebuild a chemical weapons program? As early as 2014, chemical weapons rejoined Assad's arsenal. The key to a weapons program is not the facilities, but the researchers and scientists that can rebuild the stockpile.
“In the quantities we're looking at, you need hundreds of millions of dollars worth of effort,” says Kaszeta, “You need chemical engineers and chemists, you need a real chemical plant. You need infrastructure.” Because of the expense and expertise involved, chemical weapons are built by nations, not rebel groups. ”Which is why a rebel Sarin factory somewhere is really ridiculous: Those guys would spend the money on bullets,” says Kaszeta. As for the raw materials of a chemical weapon like Sarin—provided the regime has scientists and facilities with non-corrosive pipes—the main materials they need are phosphorous and a source of fluorine. “Buying intermediate chemicals gets you higher on the food chain towards the end of it,” says Kaszeta, “but you can start with relative basic stuff.”
Is this a previously undiscovered Sarin stockpile? When the OPCW took over Assad's declared stockpile in 2013, what they actually took was precursor chemicals, ingredients that could be quickly combined into a weapon shortly before use, not stores of ready-to-deploy weapons. “That's because making Sarin that has shelf life is really, really hard,” says Kaszeta, “The U.S. and the Soviet Union cracked that—only with lots and lots and lots of really serious engineering, 7-8 years of development, and hundreds of PhDs.” So it's likely that whatever compound was used earlier this week was a new production. It's also not necessarily Sarin. “Tabun's one of the other nerve agents that it's quite plausible that it could be,” says Kaszeta. Tabun was formulated before Sarin, but it's not often used by countries that can readily make Sarin. “It's slightly easier to manufacture than Sarin, so if the Syrian government had to reconstitute something from scratch, they might have gone an easier route," theorizes Kaszeta. "Sarin's up to about four times more toxic [than Tabun]. You need about four times as much Tabun for the same sort of tactical effect on the ground. It also easily catches on fire, so it's not the greatest munition because sometimes it would burn.”
CULTURE SHOCK:Shakespeare lived in a nasty state, and dealt with dangerous matters of the day, from murder to mayhem, with ingenious theatrical subterfuge
IT IS STRANGE that it is in a comedy that Shakespeare makes his most direct reference to the terror of his times and that he puts it in the mouth of a jester. Or perhaps not: perhaps an absurd joke was the only safe way to refer to dangerous matters.
In As You Like It, which the Globe Theatre has brought to the Kilkenny Arts Festival this week – there are performances tonight and tomorrow – he introduces an explosive subject: the murder of his great contemporary, Christopher Marlowe. The references are coded, but would have been easily understood by clued-in playgoers.
In act three, scene three, the clown Touchstone, who functions throughout the play as a kind of sardonic commentator on the action, bemoans the fact that Audrey, the rustic girl with whom he has fallen in love, cannot understand his poetry: “When a man's verses cannot be understood, nor a man's good wit seconded with the forward child understanding, it strikes a man more dead than a great reckoning in a little room.” Nothing much there, on the surface, for spies and censors to worry about.
Except that the image of a man being struck “more dead than a great reckoning in a little room” is not a natural one. It makes no sense on its own. But it makes complete sense to the many in the audience who remembered a “little room” in an inn in Deptford and the mysterious incident in 1593 when Marlowe was stabbed above the right eye with his own knife. The only witnesses were those who had killed him, and they explained to the inquest that he had attacked them in a row over “the reckoning” (the bill).
Some of those in the original audience for As You Like It would have known that the three men involved in Marlowe's death – Ingram Frizer, Nicholas Skeres and Robert Poley – were not just dodgy characters but government intelligence agents. (Their careers are brilliantly unearthed in Charles Nicholl's book The Reckoning.) They would have been justly sceptical of the official verdict that Marlowe was essentially the author of his own death. Some may have suspected that Marlowe was murdered on the orders of the government.
These clued-in people would have recognised “a little room” as a reference to Marlowe. It echoes his phrase in The Jew of Malta, “infinite riches in a little room”. And just in case this slipped by, Shakespeare returns to his great predecessor. Two scenes later, Phebe has the lines “Dead shepherd, now I find thy saw of might:/ ‘Who ever lov'd that lov'd not at first sight?' ” This direct quotation is unusual in Shakespeare, a remarkable tribute to its author, who is, of course, Marlowe (from his mythological poem Hero and Leander). It is a spine-tingling moment, Shakespeare allowing one of his characters to address directly a real and contemporary person, the tenderly evoked dead shepherd.
And later still, there is yet another echo of Marlowe's death. Rosalind discusses sceptically the idea of people dying for love and talks specifically of Hero and Leander. But she then, in a killer line, dismisses its romanticism: “But these are all lies: men have died from time to time, and worms have eaten them, but not for love.” Together this chain of allusions suggests a train of thought: that Marlowe may have been killed because his verses were “not understood”; that stories about why he died may be “all lies”.
In itself, this chain of references is fascinating, but does it tell us much about the nature of Shakespeare's writing in general? It could be argued, after all, that what it tells us is that he is an extremely cautious man. He knew Marlowe personally – they probably collaborated on Henry VI – and as the “dead shepherd” reference suggests, admired him greatly. Marlowe's murder must have affected Shakespeare deeply. Yet, the tributes to his memory and the hints at “lies” about his murder appear in As You Like It six years after the event.
It's striking, indeed, that As You Like It also contains a fantasy of free expression. The mordant and melancholy Jaques puts in a plea for the power and value of uncensored satire: “Give me leave/ To speak my mind, and I will through and through/ Cleanse the foul body of th' infected world.” But in the context of the Marlowe theme, this plea is obviously desperate: misunderstood writers don't get to speak their minds, they get stabbed in the eye.
There is no free expression: writers get killed – or as good as killed, as in the case of Thomas Kyd, the playwright who got caught up in the same court intrigue as Marlowe and was so severely tortured that he died shortly afterwards. As You Like It opens a window on a police state. Once you've peeked through that window you start to see, for example, just how often torture is mentioned in Shakespeare; there are at least 40 references. (Henry VI: “They will by violence tear him from your palace/ And torture him with grievous lingering death.”) You recall how often private conversations are overheard. You remember the terror, so common in a police state, that you be might be swooped on because of a rumour. (Titus Andronicus: “Tribunes with their tongues doom men to death”.) But there is also an uncomfortable truth in all of this. It is, in part at least, the danger that makes Shakespeare so potent beyond his own times.
In As You Like It, Jaques asks for “as large a charter as the wind/ To blow on whom I please . . .”. What if Shakespeare had had such a charter? What if he had been free to blow on the corrupt courtiers, cruel torturers and vicious oppressors of his day? Would he have blown himself out in raging at the evils of his England? We cannot know, but what we do know is that he lived in such a nasty state that he was forced to devise strategies, to exploit ambiguities and to elaborate rich metaphors, to hide himself in plays where truth is always slippery and in a language that contains multitudes of meanings because it does not do to be stuck with one. The reckoning that killed Marlowe helped to give birth to Shakespeare.
No. 7 Florida Gators basketball opened the 2014-15 season on Friday evening, hosting the William & Mary Tribe at the Stephen C. O'Connell Center in Gainesville, Florida.
The Gators took down the Tribe 68-45, winning their 24th consecutive season-opening game and improving to 19-0 in such games under Donovan. UF also extended its home winning streak to 33 games, the longest such streak in program history, which is also tied for the longest active streak in the nation.
OnlyGators.com breaks down Friday's action with eight quick-hitters:
It was over when: Florida held an insurmountable halftime lead but still had its share of struggles in the second period. With five minutes left to play, freshmen point guard Chris Chiozza and forward Devin Robinson hooked up on a pair of plays that pushed the Gators' lead up to 26. Chiozza first hit Robinson for an alley-oop. On the very next possession, Chiozza took off on a fastbreak, finding Robinson under the basket for a layup that put UF ahead 63-37 with 4:45 to play. Chiozza did it all with four points (2-of-2 shooting) with three assists and two rebounds, while Robinson went 4-for-9 from the field with four boards and a late block.
Prominent player: Redshirt junior F Dorian Finney-Smith sprained his left wrist early in the contest but returned after a short trip to the locker room and wound up as Florida's top performer on Friday. Finney-Smith scored a team-high 15 points on 5-of-9 shooting, hitting all four of his free throws and adding five boards to boot. He netted five-straight as part of a 7-0 UF run in the second half and scored nine of the Gators' first 13 points in the later period. He left the court late in the second half but most likely as a precaution.
Check out the second half of The Fastbreak…after the break.
First half focus: Florida opened up with some hot shooting, hitting 7-of-8 attempts from the field and all four of their triples to jump ahead 18-8 just six minutes into the game. The Gators stalled when their second unit came into the game but picked it up over the final eight minutes of the half, outscoring the Tribe 21-4 to take a 42-18 lead into the break.
Perfect play: A 15-0 run that lasted 5:18 spotted UF a 22-point lead late in the first half; it was highlighted by a couple of impressive plays including a fastbreak one-handed jam by Finney-Smith. But the play of the game was one possession later, as sophomore PG Kasey Hill stole the ball off the press, worked his way to the hoop and tossed it over his shoulder to a driving Michael Frazier II, who laid it in for an easy two. Hill missed all three of his shots but went 3-for-4 from the charity stripe, adding three assists, four rebounds and two steals with just a single turnover. Frazier, the junior guard, hit 5-of-12 shots and 2-of-6 threes for 12 points with five rebounds and two dimes. He missed his final four attempts from beyond the arc.
Standout stat: UF dominated the boards early on Friday, outrebounding WMU 23-10 in the first half but just 39-31 at the final buzzer. Florida also made 12 of its 15 free throws but drained just 6-of-17 threes, going 1-for-7 in the second half after starting 5-for-10 in the opening 20 minutes.
What it means: The Gators handily beat an opponent in the Tribe that were not expected to be any problem for one of the top teams in the country. UF started the game hot out of the gate, rebounded from some shooting struggles early in the second half and finished strong for the victory.
Next up: Florida will look to correct some issues before hosting Miami on Monday in the O'Dome. The Gators and Hurricanes will tip-off at 7 p.m. in a game that will air live on ESPNU.
Random notes: Florida's first points of the season came via a three-pointer by redshirt senior transfer center Jon Horford, who hit 4-of-5 shots for 11 points with five rebounds in the game … redshirt senior walk-on F Jacob Kurtz was the first substitution off the bench and led the Gators with seven boards; he also went 3-for-4 from the field, scoring six points in 23 minutes (fifth-most on the team) … redshirt sophomore G Dillon Graham, freshman walk-on G Zach Hodskins and redshirt junior walk-on F Lexx Edwards all saw the court in the season opener
In addition, the house has been kept up to the DERNIER CRI .
A l'instar de beaucoup d'adolescents, ces jeunes brulent d'envie de montrer des photos de leur premiere voiture, souvent des Porches et des Mercedes dont le siege avant leur sert de presentoir oo se bousculent liasses de billets de grosses coupures, de 50 dinars et de 20 dinars pour les moins rupins, objets de valeur hors de prix, telephones dernier cri et bien d'autres accessoires oo l'on claque les fortes sommes.
Le ministre de la Culture a enfin visite la cinematheque de la ville de Bejaia et inaugure la salle de cinema de Kherrata, renovee et dotee d'equipements de projection de dernier cri .
Non seulement les appareils audio personnels sont d'un acces de plus en plus facile pour les jeunes, il suffit de se rendre a Derb Ghallef avec 100 ou 200 DH, pour avoir son appareil dernier cri (made in China) bien entendu.
The more than three decade old establishment from Paris opened its doors to the public here in Dubai only this summer featuring not just famous French designer Phillippe Starck's dernier cri and colourful chandeliers from Milan but also all of the French ipseity it is known for.
The best example of the street's dernier cri desirability might well be Brody House, a stunning.
Bien sur les parfums de renom coutent tres cher et surtout ceux classifies dernier cri .
Jury member Will Self added: "I don't think any of the judges feel this is the dernier cri in terms of what will be done with the low-energy light bulb, but if you'll forgive the pun - they are definitely a light leading the way.
By the 18th century, the French had mastered "l'art de vivre," and in many circles their taste in such matters remains the dernier cri .
this must be the dernier cri in lounging technology.
And don't miss Dernier Cri (869 Washington St) for hot new designers.
People send me stuff. Today, alert reader Clay Ablitt sends this:
I have been keeping a record of a lot of the different data sets that are put out by RSS and UAH because i believe they are a more reliable data set than NASA or NOAA data. I noticed in the latest monthly update that added the September data, the historic temperatures were adjusted without any notes or version change. I have attached the data from August and the newly adjusted data from September for your consideration. This will have an impact on all RSS data sets that include the ocean temperatures such as the global RSS TLT data which has continued to show a pause since February 1997.
He also attached an Excel spreadsheet with two pages, one for each month, a link to which is available here: rss-temperature-trend-sep-oct-2016 (.xlxs)
I checked out the worksheet, and he appears to be correct. There is an unannounced change to the Remote Sensing Systems data. The last change note I am aware of is this one: http://www.remss.com/node/5166
There seem to be no other mentions on the remss.com website that explain this change as observed in the flip chart below:
(click image if it doesn't animate for you while reading this)
I asked UAH scientist Dr. Roy Spencer about it today, showing him the data and he replied:
We suspected they have a revised LT in the works, after they came up with a new MT.
“MT” refers to Middle Troposphere data, and “LT” refers to Lower Troposphere data. Last March, WUWT covered their adjustment to the MT data, making the trend warmer.
Of course, the unannounced LT adjustment discovered by Ablitt also makes the trend warmer, some thing that isn't entirely unexpected given the remarks last year by RSS chief scientist Carl Mears:
I wrote last March in The ‘Karlization' of global temperature continues – this time RSS makes a massive upwards adjustment:
All that is about to change. Readers may recall a video produced by the execrable “Climate Crock of the Week” activist Peter Sinclair that we covered here where the basic premise was that the “satellites are lying“. It seems to me based on his recent comments that Dr. Mears has gotten fed up with people using his RSS data set to suggest that the world isn't warming as he expects it should. From the video Mears states:
They just wanted to know, you know, they wanted to fine-tune their statement about, you know, whether , you know, the surface temperatures are more accurate or the satellite temperatures are more accurate, and initially they wanted to say something like “But you really shouldn't trust the satellite temperatures, you should go with these surface temperatures”, and I said, “Well, what I would like to emphasize, you'd really want to look at all the different datasets, so you don't want to trust only the satellite temperatures, you want to look at the surface temperatures, and – and that sort of thing.
On his website, Mears makes this statement:
Recently, a number of articles in the mainstream press have pointed out that there appears to have been little or no change in globally averaged temperature over the last two decades. Because of this, we are getting a lot of questions along the lines of “I saw this plot on a denialist web site. Is this really your data?” While some of these reports have “cherry-picked” their end points to make their evidence seem even stronger, there is not much doubt that the rate of warming since the late 1990's is less than that predicted by most of the IPCC AR5 simulations of historical climate. This can be seen in the RSS data, as well as most other temperature datasets. For example, the figure below is a plot of the temperature anomaly (departure from normal) of the lower troposphere over the past 35 years from the RSS “Temperature Lower Troposphere” (TLT) dataset. For this plot we have averaged over almost the entire globe, from 80S to 80N, and used the entire TLT dataset, starting from 1979. (The denialists really like to fit trends starting in 1997, so that the huge 1997-98 ENSO event is at the start of their time series, resulting in a linear fit with the smallest possible slope.)
Source: http://www.remss.com/blog/recent-slowing-rise-global-temperatures Archived here: http://www.webcitation.org/6fiS2rI7k
Mears uses the term “denialist” so there goes his objectivity when he feels the need to label people like that.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
The Killers appear set to return next week with a new single called “The Man”. This afternoon, the band shared a brief 12-second snippet via its Twitter account. Check it out below.
In an article about The Killers' upcoming appearance at the AFL Grand Final, Fox Sports Australia reports that “The Man” will premiere on June 15th, to be followed on September 20th by the band's as-yet-untitled fifth studio album.
The Killers' last album came in 2012 with Battle Born. In anticipation of its follow-up, the band has confirmed several festival appearances, kicking off tomorrow night with a warmup show in Atlanta City.
The Killers 2017 Tour Dates:
06/10 – Atlantic City, NJ @ Borgata Hotel and Casino
06/11 – Camden, NJ @ BB&T Pavilion Radio 1 (Radio 104.5's 10th Birthday Show)
06/22 – Odense, DK @ Tinderbox Festival
06/24 – Athens, GR @ Ejekt Festival
06/29 – Tornavansaari, FI @ Provinssi Festival
07/01 – Norrkoping, SE @ Bravalla Festival
07/05 – Novi Sad, SR @ Exit Festival
07/07 – Bilbao, ES @ Bilbao BBK Live
07/08 – London, UK @ Hyde Park (British Summer Time) ^
08/04 – Chicago, IL @ Lollapalooza
10/06-08 – Austin, TX @ Austin City Limits
10/13-15 – Austin, TX @ Austin City Limits
10/20-22 – Phoenix, AZ @ Lost Lake Festival
10/27-29 – New Orleans, LA @ Voodoo Experience
^ = w/ Elbow, Tears For Fears, White Lies, Cold War Kids, British Sea Power, Mew, Mystery Jets, Alex Cameron
UN urges states to remove ‘unnecessary' restrictions on abortion
ISTANBUL
A protestor carries a banner reading 'It is mine, not yours' during a protest against the Spanish government's plan to implement major restrictions on abortion in Madrid, Feb 8. AP photo
The United Nations has urged states to remove “unnecessary restrictions on abortion” and provide access to safe abortion services, in a report by the U.N.'s International Conference on Population and Development (ICPD) 2014.“The fundamental rights to life and to security of the person, as well as freedom from cruel and inhumane treatment, and from discrimination, among others, means unnecessary restrictions on abortion should be removed and governments should provide access to safe abortion services, both to safeguard the lives of women and girls and as a matter of human rights of: respect, protection and fulfillment, including the right to health,” the ICPD said in its report.The report also stated that “in all cases where abortion is not against the law, it must be safe,” adding that concrete measures were urgently needed to ensure all women have ready access to safe, high-quality abortion services. “The more restrictive legislation on abortion is, the more likely abortion is to be unsafe and to result in death,” it said, citing the World Health Organization (WHO).An estimated 8.7 million young women aged 15 to 24 in developing countries resorted to unsafe abortions in 2008, despite the considerable advances in maternal and child health and family planning in the past two decades, said the report.It also recalled that the vast majority of governments allow abortion on request, or to save the life of the woman, or for at least one other condition such as fetal anomaly.States must take measures to reduce unplanned pregnancies by increasing access to contraception and fulfilling the rights of women and girls to remain free from forced or coerced sex and other forms of gender based violence, said the report, also adding that they must ensure access to quality post-abortion care for all persons suffering from complications of unsafe abortion.The report also underlined the significance of the access to sex education among adolescences, as well as to contraception methods to decrease the need for abortion.“States should strive to eliminate the need for abortion by providing universal access to comprehensive sex education starting at adolescence, and sexual and reproductive health services, including modern methods of contraception, to all persons in need; by providing widespread affordable access to male and female contraceptive, and timely and confidential access to emergency contraception; by implementing school and media programs that foster gender-equitable values and couple negotiations over issues of sex and contraception; and by respecting, protecting and promoting human rights through the enforcement of laws that allow women and girls to live free from gender based violence,” it stated.About 70,000 adolescents in developing countries die annually of causes related to pregnancy and childbirth. Nine out of ten births in girls below age 18 occur within early marriage. In total, 800 women a day died from causes related to pregnancy or childbirth in 2010.The report also urged governments to promote women's empowerment and gender equality, which is key in preventing and responding to gender-based violence.It said gender equality can affect the risk of abortion by shifting social expectations for more couple conversations about contraception, by the repeal of discriminatory laws such as spousal authorization laws, or through stronger laws that reduce the threat of intimate-partner violence.
Restaurant owner and television personality Paula Deen, who became famous for her homestyle Southern cooking and unabashed love of butter, was recently accused of using a racial slur. Deen admitted to the transgression and apologized for it, though some found her comments to be hollow and disingenuous. Following her admission, the Food Network terminated her contract, and a number of sponsors including Smithfield Foods, Home Depot, and Walmart broke ties with her. Some consider these penalties appropriate and deserved, while others view them as excessive or unwarranted. Regardless of whether the penalties were justified, one thing is clear: Her acknowledgement came at a price.
In fact, most apologies exact some toll on the offender, as it can be embarrassing to admit a mistake publicly or even to just one other person. And, as with Deen's apology, the offender often suffers additional penalties as a result of the admission of guilt. Confession of a wrongdoing can damage a relationship, lead to loss of status or power, or even result in the termination of employment. These common costs may help explain the seemingly widespread reluctance to say, “I'm sorry.” From politicians and professional athletes to friends and co-workers, denial of culpability is far too familiar.
Beyond avoiding the embarrassment and potential penalty associated with admitting a wrongdoing, new research by Tyler Okimoto and colleagues in Australia suggests that there are deeper internal motives for our refusal to apologize. Okimoto's research shows that those who refuse to express remorse maintain a greater sense of control and feel better about themselves than those who take no action after making a mistake.
Such findings may seem paradoxical, given the common wisdom that we should take responsibility for our actions and say we are sorry if we do harm. Indeed, research confirms the benefits of apologies for both victims and offenders. For victims, an apology serves as a form of moral restitution. When you apologize to a person you have offended, you convey a sense of power to that person. The victim can accept or reject the apology, and can extend or withhold forgiveness. As a result, the balance of power shifts from the offender to the offended. Victims may assume a position of superiority when they take the moral high ground and offer mercy to the guilty party, or they may gain a sense of power over the transgressor by denying pardon. Thus for victims, the culprit's admission of guilt and contrition can be restorative.
There are upsides to apologize for the offenders too. By acknowledging personal mistakes and conveying remorse, offenders may diffuse anger and decrease the impending punishment or penalty, enhance their image in the eyes of the victim and other people, regain acceptance in a social group, or restore personal relationships. They may even reduce their own sense of guilt.
Given that apologies offer a relatively simple way to mend relations and heal wounds for victims and offenders, why do people refuse to apologize? Beyond escaping punishment, there may be some psychological benefits to standing one's ground. For example, adopting a self-righteous stance may feed one's need for power. If the act of apologizing restores power to the victim, it may also simultaneously diminish the power of the transgressor. Thus actively denying any wrongdoing may allow the offender to retain the upper hand . If one cannot deny an error entirely, minimizing the error may be the next best thing. Perhaps one reason that many felt Deen's apology rang hollow was that she attempted to mitigate the severity of her infraction by stating that she only made the racial slur once, with a gun pointed at her head.
A second possible benefit of standing one's ground in the face of an accusation is saving face. No one wants to admit to being a hypocrite. Inherent in an apology is the admission that one's behavior failed to align with personal values and morals, as people generally don't apologize for actions they believe are right and just. Thus when we admit that we are wrong, we expose the fact that we may talk the talk, but we do not walk the walk. By refusing to apologize, we deny any incongruity between belief and action, thus preserving a sense of authenticity and self-worth. Though Deen admitted she used a racial slur, she also challenged anyone who is sinless to “please pick up that stone and throw it so hard at my head that it kills me.” In doing so she tried to convey that she is no more of a hypocrite than anyone else.
Two recent studies by Okimoto and colleagues confirm that the costs and benefits of an apology may be more complex than once thought. In considering these studies, it is important to recognize that saying you are sorry and refusing to do so both involve intention, action, and purpose on the part of the wrongdoer. Thus, although apologizing and refusing to apologize may, on the surface, appear to be polar opposite responses, they may not have opposite consequences for the offender. The studies by Okimoto and colleagues demonstrate that resisting apology offers some surprising perks.
In both of these studies, participants remembered instances in which they offended someone or caused them to be upset. In the first study, participants recalled an offensive incident that had a specific outcome: (a) they apologized (apology condition), (b) they refused to apologize (refusal condition), or (c) they failed to take action (inaction condition). Participants also detailed the specific transgression and their perceived severity of the offense. Finally, participants reported how they felt about themselves after the event, rating their feelings of power and control, and their sense of self-esteem. They also reported the extent to which they were "true to themselves."
Reported transgressions varied greatly, from minor accidents and verbal altercations to adultery and criminal behavior. The consequent feelings, however, depended not on the perceived severity of the infraction, but rather the action (or inaction) that followed. Relative to people who took no action after their transgression, both those who apologized and those who refused to apologize felt better about themselves and expressed a higher sense that they were true to themselves. There was an added benefit, though, for refusing to apologize, as participants in the refusal condition reported the highest levels of perceived power.
In the second study, participants were also asked to recall an incident in which they offended someone or caused them to be upset, but for this study, participants did not reflect on the outcome of the actual event. Instead, after recalling the infraction, participants either drafted an email to the victim apologizing for their actions (apology condition), drafted an email to the victim in which they refused to apologize for their actions (refusal condition), or took no action (control). Finally, participants reported how they felt about themselves as a result of the exercise. Relative to taking no action, drafting an apology and drafting a refusal to apologize both elicited greater feelings of control and power, and a sense of consistency in personal thought and action.
These findings suggest that apologizing and refusing to apologize may both support an individual's basic need for independence and power. Both actions can make people feel better about themselves, and allow them to believe that their actions align with their personal values. That said, the studies by Okimoto and colleagues did not examine the victims' responses to offenders' actions, and victims will undoubtedly react differently to apologize than they will to refusals to apologize.
Furthermore, refusing to admit one's mistakes and take responsibility may render a person less open to constructive feedback, thus limiting growth and innovation. Individuals who feel threatened or who must avoid failure to maintain status may be less inclined to admit error, and in turn may forego opportunities to learn and develop. Ultimately the need to feel powerful, if satisfied by a consistent refusal to admit mistakes, could make one weak. Indeed, it may be Deen's perceived unwillingness to offer a future course of action that meaningfully addresses the persistent challenge of racism that led so many of her sponsors to sever ties.
"To err is human; to forgive divine." This quote acknowledges the challenges and benefits of forgiveness. The work by Okimoto and colleagues suggests that as we consider the cycle of wrongdoings and reconciliation, we should also recognize the sacrifice and threat involved in the act of apology. Contrary to popular belief, apologies, it seems, are not cheap.
If you like the idea of a British roadster with American V8 power, then a Tiger may be the car for you. As Cobras become more unattainable by the day, these Shelby designed Sunbeams still look like a bargain. This particular example is claimed to be part of a large collection that is being liquidated. It is in Maryland and is currently listed for sale here on eBay where bidding is as brisk as the car itself. Thanks goes to Donald C. for the submission.
The Rootes group noticed all the success the sports cars were having in the sixties, so they called in the master. Carroll Shelby and his team worked hard to cram a 260 V8 into the tight engine bay which was designed to house a four cylinder. Some suspensions modification were required to handle the extra weight, but the end result was a fast and practical driver.
The Tiger was introduced in 1964, but in 1966 the Mark II was released which featured Ford's 289 V8. We were hopeful that this car was one of those rare Mark IIs because of the “289” printed on the plate under the hood. According to Tigers United, the exterior trim and the VIN place this one as a Mark 1A though. Any Tiger experts here who can shed some light on this? The information could drastically affect our maximum bid amount.
Talking about bidding, there is a lot of it here. It has already been bid up to $21k with 30 bids and six days left. The price is already close to what a running #4 condition car should go for and the seller does not even mention if this one runs, so we cant help but wonder if this Tiger is something even more than meets the eye. Wonder what else is hiding in that warehouse…
Canada were eliminated at the 2017 CONCACAF Men's Under-20 Championship ‎after an 0:5 loss to defending champions Mexico. Canada put forth a valiant effort, but were eventually stretched in a must-win situation on the second match day of the competition in Costa Rica.
MATCH REPORT: CANADA 0:5 MEXICO
Canada played well in the opener, but fell 0:1 to Honduras on the opening day. Their loss to Mexico, combined with the Honduras Monday win over Antigua & Barbuda, means Canada ‎can only aim for third place in a tough Group A.
Canada will close group action on Thursday when they face Antigua & Barbuda at Estadio Saprissa. The match is scheduled to be broadcast live on CONCACAF's Facebook channel, kicking off at 18.00 ET / 15.00 PT. Canada Soccer will provide in-match coverage from Estadio Saprissa via Canada Soccer's digital channels including Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, and Flickr.
"We need to regroup, recover, and respond in our tournament finale," ‎said Rob Gale, Canada Soccer's Men's National U-20 Team Coach. "The first goal is critical in these games. Once we tried to chase the game, we got caught on the transition and that's when you are most vulnerable."
Mexico remains undefeated across all three CONCACAF men's youth ‎competitions for 43 matches over nine years since 2009. They lead the way with 13 CONCACAF U-20 titles while Canada, Costa Rica and Honduras share second place with two U-20 titles each.
While qualification dreams for the FIFA U-20 World Cup Korea Republic 2017 have ended, Canada will look to regroup to finish the CONCACAF Men's Under-20 Championship on a positive note. ‎The group has shown a positive attitude throughout the competition and will look to build on the lessons learned throughout the two-year cycle.
Of note, ‎Canada featured their four youngest players in the squad, all of whom will be eligible for the next CONCACAF cycle in 2019.
In 2017, Canada will compete in three CONCACAF men's youth competitions: the CONCACAF Men's Under-20 Championship ‎in February, the CONCACAF Men's Under-17 Championship in April, and the CONCACAF Boys' Under-15 Championship in August.
Canada Soccer's Men's EXCEL Program channels our nation's exceptional players into the best soccer environments. The Canada Soccer Pathway works in collaboration with our provincial and territorial partners as well as the professional clubs and academies. For Canada's elite players, the program emphasizes player development on the pathway to representing Canada's Men's National Team in international soccer.
No running in the halls -- and no Tebowing either.
That's what one Long Island administration said Wednesday when it suspended a group of high school athletes for replicating Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow's popular pose in the hallway at school.
Jordan Fulcoly, Wayne Drexel and brothers Tyler and Connor Carroll of Riverhead High School were all handed a one-day suspension Wednesday, after three days of taking a knee with their foreheads resting on their fists, the same way Tebow does in the end zone and on the sidelines. The news was first reported by Yahoo! Prep Rally earlier Thursday.
Riverhead superintendent Nancy Carney said that two of the students' suspensions were later rescinded, citing that administrators found that those students were not given the same warnings that the other two were.
Tebow has made headlines for the move, a display of his devotion to his Christian faith. The students were not suspended for bringing religion into the school, but instead for clogging the hallway.
Carney said that she supported the administration's efforts to maintain a safe environment and was surprised that the incident has received this much attention. Since the news broke, Carney said she has been receiving hate mail from people charging that the suspension is due to religious prejudice.
"It's very unsettling," she told ESPNNewYork.com on Thursday. "It's a shame that people out there are so ready to judge when they weren't there to see what happened."
Reports said that the students had been Tebowing all week, starting Monday. It was meant to be a joke, only paying homage to one of pro football's newest stars. But other students started joining in and administrators claimed it had become a disturbance. District officials reportedly told the students that the celebration was making it unsafe for students walking the hall in between classes.
The incident saw about 40 students engaging in the popular Tebowing. Only the four students, all athletes, were suspended. Caroll told Prep Rally that the administration told them "that our Tebowing was blocking the halls and could potentially cause a riot, because they were growing in number and if the wrong kid gets pushed a brawl could ensue."
Carney said students have three minutes to reach their next class.
"It's just high school kids being kids and administrators doing what they do on a daily basis -- keeping kids safe," Carney said, "and with today's world and cell phones and people taking pictures and video, it can be taken out of context."
Tyler and Connor Carroll are on the football team along with Drexel.
Christopher Hunt is a regular contributor to ESPNNewYork.com.
President Obama will travel to South Dakota on Friday. (AP Photo/Mike Stewart)
President Obama's visit to South Dakota Friday means he'll be able to strike a major item from his bucket list: visiting all 50 states while in office.
The president will travel to Watertown, South Dakota Friday to deliver the commencement address at the Lake Area Technical Institute. And with that visit, he joins a rare club of presidents who have made it to every state in the Union while in office. The others: Richard Nixon, George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton. (Bush's spot in the club is particularly notable since he accomplished the feat before the end of his first and only term.)
Obama, who had yet to visit four states at the beginning of the year, has steadily been checking them off -- Idaho in January, South Carolina in March and Utah in April. That travel has been part of an expressed goal by the president himself to make it to all 50 states before he exits the White House in January of 2017.
[Obama aspires to visit all 50 states as president.]
(As my colleague Colby Itkowitz points out, Obama has visited all 50 states already -- but that tally includes states he visited as a candidate and not as president.)
The White House is already taking something of a victory lap to commemorate the accomplishment: Pete Souza, the White House's chief official photographer, on Thursday published a photo gallery on Medium featuring one picture from each state visited to date.
Photo gallery of President Obama in 49 states. Tomorrow, it will be 50: http://t.co/4Xe1BjfpXf pic.twitter.com/grNaviAQAa — petesouza (@petesouza) May 7, 2015
The politics of visiting all 50 states is hard to resist analyzing: all four of the final states that were left on his list are deep, deep red and didn't vote for him in either 2008 or 2012. Last year, Gallup tracked the president's average approval rating in South Dakota at just 32 percent, with 62 percent disapproving. His supporters will be quick to point out he's visiting them anyway.
(Here it's also worth remembering that former president George W. Bush notably visited every single state before leaving the White House except Vermont, incidentally home to a heavy -- if symbolic -- push to impeach him.)
South Dakota Sen. John Thune, a Republican, welcomed Obama's visit to the Mount Rushmore State and doesn't seem at all bitter about it being last: "The president has clearly saved the best for last, and we welcome him to our great state,” Thune said.
Artificial intelligence is many decades old and its journey so far has brought it to a point where it has become very good at narrow AI, where it is trained to help with rule-based specific and focused tasks. (Reuters)
We are entering a new year, a year of hopes and promises. It is too early to predict what technology will offer us in the coming months. This is one space that is moving so fast that I've learned how to ignore all mails about what experts think will be the biggest trends of the coming year. However, with my ears to the ground, I am underlining one aspect we should all be aware of in the coming year. In fact, the change might be so subtle that we might not even realise. Last month, in ‘Artificial Intelligence fears not limited to just taking over human jobs…' (November 28; https://goo.gl/s 5Vw81), I wrote about how there was a fear that artificial intelligence could end up taking many jobs away. While we still don't know what the impact of that will be on our lives and economy, we can rest assured that artificial intelligence will be a part of almost everything that we do in our tech lives in the coming year. It is just that we might not realise it. We already don't realise how it is triaging our e-mails, cleaning up—or filtering out—our social media timelines and alerting us about location-specific information even before we initiate a search.
This change is being brought about not because we are making the computers smarter, but because computers are keeping a keen eye on us. “Earlier generation of computing was defined by humans trying to work with computers, from here on we are entering a new era where the computers are trying to understand human beings better … allowing us to be more human while we leverage the full power of computing,” says Sundar Srinivasan, general manager, AI Division, Microsoft India. Artificial intelligence is many decades old and its journey so far has brought it to a point where it has become very good at narrow AI, where it is trained to help with rule-based specific and focused tasks. It has even moved to perception with sensory things like sight and understanding spoken or typed language as in the case of Microsoft's Seeing AI app or Google Translate. Srinivasan says we are going from perception to cognition with context like humans can. “That is where we are in the broad sense of AI development. Then, AGI, or augmented general intelligence, is capable of, like with Cortana, to have conversation. It is evolving to do lots of different things and AGI is about building the intelligence for that at scale and we are at the early stages of that.”
Microsoft is experimenting with this emotional, and even some cultural, context with Ruuh, an AI chatbot it has created for Facebook Messenger. In a brief chat with Ruuh—it is an achievement to keep her from not talking much—I found out that she has strong emotions and chatting with her is almost like chatting with a human, creepily so. In fact, it has a strong Indian context, too. Srinivasan says there have been cases where people have chatted over 10 hours with her. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if a bulk of its 90,000 subscribers are lonely teenagers who are seeking a shoulder to lean on, be it a virtual one. “The fact that people are able to chat with a bot with that intensity and timelines and scales tells us that AI can be a very interesting proposition with the right level of emotional intelligence,” he says, and I have to agree.
So, I think 2018 will be the year when all of us end up with a virtual friend, or assistant, in the real sense. The gadget world is already preparing for this shift. From headphones to speakers, all audio gadgets are gradually adding the ability to integrate with a virtual assistant. Alexa is already in Indian living rooms, and even others like Bose and Logitech have brought in Bluetooth speakers that have buttons to conjure the AI-based friends to answer queries, make lists, tell jokes or just play songs you like. A mix of voice recognition, artificial intelligence and machine learning will bring a level of smartness that will change the way we interact with gadgets and, more importantly, how gadgets interact with us. It is not long before the matter-of-fact virtual assistants of today learn to get emotional. In that sense, 2018 is certainly going to be smart.
nandagopal.rajan@indianexpress.com
The federal Liberal government has surpassed its own deficit projections by billions of dollars thanks to a roaring economy, but it has earmarked much of those savings for increases to the Canada child benefit and a more generous tax credit for low-income earners.
In his spring budget, Finance Minister Bill Morneau expected to post a deficit of $28.5 billion for the current fiscal year. Thanks to rising revenues from an economy that leads the G7, that shortfall is now expected to be $19.9 billion.
Morneau's fall economic statement pegs GDP growth at 3.1 per cent this year and 2.1 per cent next, with unemployment at rates not seen in more than a decade.
Rather than allocate those newfound dollars to further reducing the deficit, the government is pressing ahead with nearly $8 billion in new program spending over the next five years.
"With a little more wind in our sails, we're doubling down on a plan with proven results and reinvesting in the middle class," Morneau said Tuesday. "As the economy grows, we need to make sure the benefits are shared with the middle class, and those working hard to join it."
Morneau said that the Conservatives and NDP in the last election had campaigned on balancing the books "at all costs," but he said the Liberal plan to spend more is bearing fruit, evidenced by growth numbers that are among the best in the industrialized world.
"Our strong fiscal position allows us to do what other countries would like to do, but can't afford to do," he said.
Finance Ministter Bill Morneau is drowned out by Conservative heckling during his fall economic statement 0:58
The Canada child benefit, the $23-billion program that sends monthly cheques to most families with children, will be indexed to inflation starting in July 2018, two years earlier than expected. The threshold for qualifying families will also rise with the cost of living. Indexing the tax-free benefit will cost an additional $5.6 billion between 2018-19 and 2022-23 as a result of the more generous payouts.
Starting next year, annual payments for families with two children will go up by approximately $200 as a result of indexing. In 2019, those same families can count on $500 more a year on average.
Debt will grow
The working income tax benefit, a refundable tax credit for the lowest income earners, will also get a boost. While promising to provide more specifics in the 2018 budget, the government said it would spend an additional $500 million a year on the program starting in 2019. Working income tax benefit payments depend on family makeup, and whether a person is married or has dependents. In 2017, the income threshold for families with children was $28,576 in most provinces.
The Liberals will add $100 billion to the public debt over the next seven years, rather than over four years as projected in its first budget. The federal debt as a percentage of the economy will fall to about 30 per cent by the next election, nearing the pre-crash lows of 2008.
Pierre Poilievre, the Conservative finance critic, said the Liberal government has abandoned all pretense of fiscal prudence.
"This prime minister promised a small $10-billion deficit. Remember that? Today we learned the deficit is double that. There is literally not a single year, into the distant future, when this government projects, ever, eliminating the deficit."
Finance Minister Bill Morneau sits down with Catherine Cullen to discuss today's fall economic update 11:51
Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer said it was "terrible news" the economic update was devoid of a plan to return to a balanced budget. "Only a Liberal would ask Canadians to thank him for running deficits only double what he promised."
The fall economic statement also included details of the small business tax cut announced by Morneau last week amid a firestorm of criticism from business owners angered by proposed tax changes to private corporations. The small business tax rate will drop from the current 10.5 per cent to 10 per cent on Jan. 1, 2018, before reaching nine per cent a year later. That policy change will cost an estimated $2.9 billion over the next five fiscal years.
For the first time, finance officials said how much they expect to recoup from a proposal to tighten rules around a tax planning measure called "income sprinkling," one of the small business changes. The government has booked $1.2 billion in revenue over the next six years as a result of the new measure.
Conservative Finance Critic Pierre Poilievre responds to the government's fiscal update 9:27
Poilievre said the Liberals are pushing ahead with some measures that target privately incorporated individuals while leaving some of the country's wealthiest unscathed.
"Nothing in today's proposal would see the family fortunes of this finance minister or this prime minister touched by any taxes at all. Once again, they have sheltered themselves," he said.
Guy Caron, the NDP's parliamentary leader, said the economic update was a damage control exercise intended to distract from some of the criticism Morneau has faced in recent weeks, namely the revelation that he did not put his holdings in a blind trust.
"This fiscal update could be summarized in two words: Morneau Shepell," he said, speaking of the company the finance minister's father founded. "The Liberal government is trying to deflect the tension away.… I can tell you right now it will not work."
Opposition Leader Andrew Scheer reacts to the fall fiscal update 0:53
Other items in the fiscal update
While the big announcements in Morneau's fiscal update were all about the middle class, buried toward the end of the 74-page document was a list of about $9.6 billion in government spending on a much wider swath of programs.
The spending, officials said, was not provided for in the 2017 budget, but the money has either been spent or set aside for the future with little or no fanfare.
The provisions include $1.4 billion over six years for the Department of Fisheries and Oceans and the Canadian Coast Guard to maintain its fleet.
The spending also includes $4 million to permanently destroy the criminal records of Canadians who engaged in consensual gay sex — once illegal but now allowed.
The government is also booking about $526 million over five years for Health Canada, the RCMP, Canada Border Services Agency and Public Safety Canada to handle the legalization of marijuana.
On top of that, about $150 million over six years is being set aside for devising and implementing new laws against drug-impaired driving.
BEREA, Ohio -- A wrap-up of the Cleveland Browns draft. Click here for a full list of Browns draftees.
The Browns didn't just opt for Johnny Manziel but the sideshow that comes with him. AP Photo/Frank Franklin II
Best move: The entire manipulation of the first day. The Browns had Johnny Manziel on their board as an option at 4, but finagled their way to an extra pick that resulted in the team drafting their highest-rated cornerback (Justin Gilbert) and their highest-rated quarterback -- while gaining an extra first-round pick next year. That is a series of events that is hard to top.
Riskiest move: Dallas Cowboys owner and general manager Jerry Jones called Manziel an atypical backup who is "a celebrity" and "Elvis Presley." The Browns brought all that goes with Manziel -- the TMZ reports, the celebrity status, the incredible attention -- to a team that might not need that kind of scrutiny. And they brought it right to Brian Hoyer, who has done everything right since he joined the Browns. If Manziel can play, it would be worth it. If not, well then the circus that affected the Jets with Tim Tebow will be repeated in Cleveland.
Most surprising move: It makes no sense at all that a deep receiver class sends no receivers to Cleveland, which in the vernacular is "really in trouble" at the position -- assuming Josh Gordon is indeed banned for a year. Ray Farmer has to have something up his sleeve, because the group the Browns would field right now is hardly scary.
File it away: Farmer's description of running back Terrance West made him sound like an intriguing player. Farmer said West has the physique of a Maurice Jones-Drew but the quick feet of a Jerome Bettis. That's an interesting combination of skills that could make West worth following once training camp arrives.
Even in a country of 1.2 billion opinionated people with, arguably, 1.5 billion opinions on every subject under the sun, Justice Markandey Katju stands out for the acute angles of his views. But unlike most others, Katju has a bully pulpit from which to pontificate, given his standing as a former Judge of the Supreme Court and as Chairman of the Press Council of India. And he makes full use of that platform to hold forth on hot-button topics that make it to the public domain and gain resonance there.
Some of these topics may be far afield from the ambit of the quasi-judicial office he holds currently, but Katju has not been inhibited by anything so limiting as a sense of propriety. Yet, even in the broad canvas that he chooses for himself, his silences are about as eloquent as his motormouth outpourings.
Katju's latest exertion comes in the form of an "extra-judicial" sentencing of Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi, in an op-ed column he wrote in The Hindu (here), for the riots of 2002. In that hyper-polemical commentary, Katju invokes the de rigueur citation of Nazi Germany in the context of Gujarat under Modi and goes on to issue what amounts to a public appeal to Indians to not allow Modi to become Prime Minister.
In getting there, however, Katju crafts not a case worthy of his keen judicial mind; instead, he says, he isn't excessively concerned about judicial pronouncements on Modi's guilt (or lack thereof), because "he doesn't buy it". On the one hand, he says, he doesn't want to comment on our judiciary. But in the same sentence, he goes on to say: "It is... said that (Modi) has not been found guilty by any court of law..., but I certainly do not buy the story that Mr. Modi had no hand in the events of 2002."
Modi, points out Katju, was Gujarat Chief Minister at the time "when horrible events happened on such a large scale. Can it be believed that he had no hand in them? At least I find this impossible to believe."
In other words, Super Judge Markandey Katju cannot be bothered with the due process of law and the findings of established courts of law - because, of course, his instincts tell him that Modi is guilty, and that is all that counts. And to think that in other circumstances, a man so swayed by such blatant personal and political biases may have been sitting in judgement on the Gujarat 2002 riots...
[For the record, I have earlier argued (here) that the riots of 2002 were abominable, and that Modi would be better served by offering an account of the events of those days (here).]
No one can contest Katju's right to hold hyperpartisan views, or even to articulate them in his capacity as a private citizen. But when a former Judge of the Supreme Court who currently heads a quasi-judicial body, issues a public and partisan appeal to citizens of India on a subject that does not relate to his current office, it reeks of the politicisation of public office.
It was this that BJP leader Arun Jaitely was drawing attention to in his smackdown (here) of Katju's column. Jaitley asked: "Should not a former judge who currently occupies a quasi-judicial office as Chairman of the Press Council of India, either quit before actively participating in politics or be sacked? Retired judges must remember that the rental for occupying a Lutyen's bungalow post-retirdment has to be political neutrality, no political participation."
Katju has defended himself against the criticism that he does not target Congress Chief Ministers (and presumably cites this as proof that he is not partisan) but he has failed to address the larger question about the impropriety of men holding public office taking a hyperpartisan line in their public utterances before they demit office.
After all, this is the same grounds on which the Congress, which has been exposed by the Comptroller and Auditor-General reports on mega-scandals, targets the current CAG, Vinod Rai: that his public articulations appear partisan, and that he is preparing for a political career. (Ironically, in that case, the BJP defends the CAG, which goes to show that there is selective amnesia - or extreme cynicism - on both sides of the political divide.)
The tragedy of it is that Katju's criticism of Modi, even if it is well-intentioned, feeds the suspicion that he is lending himself as an instrument of what BJP leader Ram Jethmalani calls (here) the "Congress agenda" for the "political assassination of Narendra Modi, and banishing him from India's political firmament forever, using the unfortunate post-Godhra riots as a handle."
Jethmalani, who bats for Modi to be made the BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate, claims that Congress thinktanks have been working over time to "draw up a... strategy of slander, false accusation, governmental and non-governmental disinformation, Goebellesian lies, aimed at converting falsehood into belief among the general population, opinion leaders and influential intellectuals."
The lies, he adds, "were to be simple and crisp; they were to be repeated ad nauseum to embed them firmly as truth in the public mind, the media and internationally."
And in that endeavour, as this column points out, whoever lends himself as an accomplice in the political baiting of Modi has been rewarded - with civilian honours and much more - by the UPA government.
As this article (on a Gujarati website that also bats for Modi) points out, instances of former Supreme Court judges being rewarded post-retirement for their partisan views on Gujarat under Modi abound. Some of them are egregious instances of breach of propriety, even potential illegality.
It is into that pit that Katju has landed himself with his partisan, extra-judicial, facts-be-damned comments on Modi, which relate to a domain far removed from his current responsibility as Press Council chairman. In this case, he has no one to blame but himself for this fall.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
You'll want to touch Ubuntu in personal places - like in your kitchen or in your car. At least that's what Canonical hopes, as it works on architectural changes and business deals to put the Linux distro on more embedded systems.
But smartphones, the industry's current fixation, are out of the picture.
Canonical is looking at Ubuntu for in-car systems, tablets, set-top-boxes, and what director of business development Chris Kenyon called "the digital home or something you carry around".
"We're not thinking about the phone base," Keynon said when he spoke to The Register recently.
The focus of all this is Ubuntu Core - Ubuntu Linux minus the familiar interface, but with kernel, middleware and a user-interface framework that lets those building devices offer their own screens instead.
A pivotal move towards a ubiquitous Ubuntu Core was the inclusion of support for Open Multimedia Application Platform (OMAP) 3 in the standard image of Ubuntu 10.04, which debuted last month. OMAP 3 is the Texas Instruments platform used, for example, in devices from Nokia and Samsung.
Keynon told us he expects support for other architectures and variants of ARM to grow during the next 12 months. He did not provide further details, but he works closely with companies building computers and other devices running Ubuntu.
"We are expecting to see people make announcements on set to boxes for products that will launch next year," Kenyon said. "Ubuntu does what you need to run on set-top-boxes, but the actual products have a longer product lifecycle in design, build and launch."
Another major move is the addition of touch support in Ubuntu 10.04. It's not yet at the API level, so you can't really do finger-based input without a lot of additional work, but it's aimed at hardware makers working with Ubuntu.
Some people have been adding touch to Ubuntu since at least Hardy Heron in 2008. Canonical wants to eliminate the deep programming work and make building with touch more accessible to application and device makers.
"In 10.10 [due in October], you will see a big push that will make Ubuntu Core a fantastic platform," Kenyon promised.
Also pushing Ubuntu down this road is the Unity interface, unveiled at the Ubuntu Developer Summit this week. The interface re-orientates the Linux distro's interface so that the dock runs down the left-hand-side of the screen while offering a launch menu for frequently-accessed applications. This can be worked using the fattest of fingers - or so Canonical will hope. Okay, menu down the side is not news for the Mac or PC, but it comes as Ubuntu 10.04 has closed the gap on both platforms.
Unity is also the basis for Ubuntu Light, which promises to get you online and Facebooking less than 10 seconds after start up. Ubuntu Light is stripped down to just chat, IM, browser and media player, and it uses what Canonical calls a "non traditional" file system to speed things up.
Touch screens on PCs and smartphones? That's one thing. But embedded systems are arguably more important, considering the market covers everything from computers in cars to TVs that deliver on-demand programming to low-cost disposable gadgets for surfing the web or keeping the kids quiet.
And now, it looks like Ubuntu is pushing hard on a touch door opened in the smartphone and PC world by Apple with the iPhone and, um, Microsoft with Windows 7. And though smartphones aren't on the cards for Canonical, the company does believe you'll be talking to Ubuntu in the future as well as touching it.
"I think people are seeing just how compelling touch interfaces can be. We have to believe that mobile computing will not be tethered to places where you only have a keyboard, and both voice and touch will have a very strong part to play in that," Kenyon said.
"It throws down many, many challenges to developers, designers and UI experts to rethink the way people interact with programs. People are really starting to get their heads around that in leaps and bounds." ®
Chomsky writes: "Commentary on public affairs in the mainstream literature is often shallow and uninformed. Everyone who writes and speaks about these matters knows how much you can get away with as long as you keep close to received doctrine. I'm sure just about everyone exploits these privileges. I know I do."
Professor Noam Chomsky, linguist, philosopher, cognitive scientist and activist. (photo: Va Shiva)
Why Americans Know About Sports But So Little About the World
By Noam Chomsky, AlterNet
The way the system is set up, there is virtually nothing people can do anyway to influence the real world.
UESTION: You've written about the way that professional ideologists and the mandarins obfuscate reality. And you have spoken -- in some places you call it a "Cartesian common sense" -- of the commonsense capacities of people. Indeed, you place a significant emphasis on this common sense when you reveal the ideological aspects of arguments, especially in contemporary social science. What do you mean by common sense? What does it mean in a society like ours? For example, you've written that within a highly competitive, fragmented society, it's very difficult for people to become aware of what their interests are. If you are not able to participate in the political system in meaningful ways, if you are reduced to the role of a passive spectator, then what kind of knowledge do you have? How can common sense emerge in this context?
CHOMSKY: Well, let me give an example. When I'm driving, I sometimes turn on the radio and I find very often that what I'm listening to is a discussion of sports. These are telephone conversations. People call in and have long and intricate discussions, and it's plain that quite a high degree of thought and analysis is going into that. People know a tremendous amount. They know all sorts of complicated details and enter into far-reaching discussion about whether the coach made the right decision yesterday and so on. These are ordinary people, not professionals, who are applying their intelligence and analytic skills in these areas and accumulating quite a lot of knowledge and, for all I know, understanding. On the other hand, when I hear people talk about, say, international affairs or domestic problems, it's at a level of superficiality that's beyond belief.
In part, this reaction may be due to my own areas of interest, but I think it's quite accurate, basically. And I think that this concentration on such topics as sports makes a certain degree of sense. The way the system is set up, there is virtually nothing people can do anyway, without a degree of organization that's far beyond anything that exists now, to influence the real world. They might as well live in a fantasy world, and that's in fact what they do. I'm sure they are using their common sense and intellectual skills, but in an area which has no meaning and probably thrives because it has no meaning, as a displacement from the serious problems which one cannot influence and affect because the power happens to lie elsewhere.
Now it seems to me that the same intellectual skill and capacity for understanding and for accumulating evidence and gaining information and thinking through problems could be used -- would be used -- under different systems of governance which involve popular participation in important decision-making, in areas that really matter to human life.
There are questions that are hard. There are areas where you need specialized knowledge. I'm not suggesting a kind of anti-intellectualism. But the point is that many things can be understood quite well without a very far-reaching, specialized knowledge. And in fact even specialized knowledge in these areas is not beyond the reach of people who happen to be interested.
...
QUESTION: Do you think people are inhibited by expertise?
CHOMSKY: There are also experts about football, but these people don't defer to them. The people who call in talk with complete confidence. They don't care if they disagree with the coach or whoever the local expert is. They have their own opinion and they conduct intelligent discussions. I think it's an interesting phenomenon. Now I don't think that international or domestic affairs are much more complicated. And what passes for serious intellectual discourse on these matters does not reflect any deeper level of understanding or knowledge.
One finds something similar in the case of so-called primitive cultures. What you find very often is that certain intellectual systems have been constructed of considerable intricacy, with specialized experts who know all about it and other people who don't quite understand and so on. For example, kinship systems are elaborated to enormous complexity. Many anthropologists have tried to show that this has some functional utility in the society. But one function may just be intellectual. It's a kind of mathematics. These are areas where you can use your intelligence to create complex and intricate systems and elaborate their properties pretty much the way we do mathematics. They don't have mathematics and technology; they have other systems of cultural richness and complexity. I don't want to overdraw the analogy, but something similar may be happening here.
The gas station attendant who wants to use his mind isn't going to waste his time on international affairs, because that's useless; he can't do anything about it anyhow, and he might learn unpleasant things and even get into trouble. So he might as well do it where it's fun, and not threatening -- professional football or basketball or something like that. But the skills are being used and the understanding is there and the intelligence is there. One of the functions that things like professional sports play, in our society and others, is to offer an area to deflect people's attention from things that matter, so that the people in power can do what matters without public interference.
QUESTION: I asked a while ago whether people are inhibited by the aura of expertise. Can one turn this around -- are experts and intellectuals afraid of people who could apply the intelligence of sport to their own areas of competency in foreign affairs, social sciences, and so on?
CHOMSKY: I suspect that this is rather common. Those areas of inquiry that have to do with problems of immediate human concern do not happen to be particularly profound or inaccessible to the ordinary person lacking any special training who takes the trouble to learn something about them. Commentary on public affairs in the mainstream literature is often shallow and uninformed. Everyone who writes and speaks about these matters knows how much you can get away with as long as you keep close to received doctrine. I'm sure just about everyone exploits these privileges. I know I do. When I refer to Nazi crimes or Soviet atrocities, for example, I know that I will not be called upon to back up what I say, but a detailed scholarly apparatus is necessary if I say anything critical about the practice of one of the Holy States: the United States itself, or Israel, since it was enshrined by the intelligentsia after its 1967 victory. This freedom from the requirements of evidence or even rationality is quite a convenience, as any informed reader of the journals of public opinion, or even much of the scholarly literature, will quickly discover. It makes life easy, and permits expression of a good deal of nonsense or ignorant bias with impunity, also sheer slander. Evidence is unnecessary, argument beside the point. Thus a standard charge against American dissidents or even American liberals -- I've cited quite a few cases in print and have collected many others -- is that they claim that the United States is the sole source of evil in the world or other similar idiocies; the convention is that such charges are entirely legitimate when the target is someone who does not march in the appropriate parades, and they are therefore produced without even a pretense of evidence. Adherence to the party line confers the right to act in ways that would properly be regarded as scandalous on the part of any critic of received orthodoxies. Too much public awareness might lead to a demand that standards of integrity should be met, which would certainly save a lot of forests from destruction, and would send many a reputation tumbling.
The right to lie in the service of power is guarded with considerable vigor and passion. This becomes evident whenever anyone takes the trouble to demonstrate that charges against some official enemy are inaccurate or, sometimes, pure invention. The immediate reaction among the commissars is that the person is an apologist for the real crimes of official enemies. The case of Cambodia is a striking example. That the Khmer Rouge were guilty of gruesome atrocities was doubted by no one, apart from a few marginal Maoist sects. It is also true, and easily documented, that Western propaganda seized upon these crimes with great relish, exploiting them to provide a retrospective justification for Western atrocities, and since standards are nonexistent in such a noble cause, they also produced a record of fabrication and deceit that is quite remarkable. Demonstration of this fact, and fact it is, elicited enormous outrage, along with a stream of new and quite spectacular lies, as Edward Herman and me, among others, have documented. The point is that the right to lie in the service of the state was being challenged, and that is an unspeakable crime. Similarly, anyone who points out that some charge against Cuba, Nicaragua, Vietnam, or some other official enemy is dubious or false will immediately be labeled an apologist for real or alleged crimes, a useful technique to ensure that rational standards will not be imposed on the commissars and that there will be no impediment to their loyal service to power. The critic typically has little access to the media, and the personal consequences for the critic are sufficiently annoying to deter many from taking this course, particularly because some journals -- the New Republic, for example -- sink to the ultimate level of dishonesty and cowardice, regularly refusing to permit even the right of response to slanders they publish. Hence the sacred right to lie is likely to be preserved without too serious a threat. But matters might be different if unreliable sectors of the public were admitted into the arena of discussion and debate.
The aura of alleged expertise also provides a way for the indoctrination system to provide its services to power while maintaining a useful image of indifference and objectivity. The media, for example, can turn to academic experts to provide the perspective that is required by the centers of power, and the university system is sufficiently obedient to external power so that appropriate experts will generally be available to lend the prestige of scholarship to the narrow range of opinion permitted broad expression. Or when this method fails -- as in the current case of Latin America, for example, or in the emerging discipline of terrorology -- a new category of "experts" can be established who can be trusted to provide the approved opinions that the media cannot express directly without abandoning the pretense of objectivity that serves to legitimate their propaganda function. I've documented many examples, as have others.
The guild structure of the professions concerned with public affairs also helps to preserve doctrinal purity. In fact, it is guarded with much diligence. My own personal experience is perhaps relevant. As I mentioned earlier, I do not have the usual professional credentials in any field, and my own work has ranged fairly widely. Some years ago, for example, I did some work in mathematical linguistics and automata theory, and occasionally gave invited lectures at mathematics or engineering colloquia. No one would have dreamed of challenging my credentials to speak on these topics -- which were zero, as everyone knew; that would have been laughable. The participants were concerned with what I had to say, not my right to say it. But when I speak, say, about international affairs, I'm constantly challenged to present the credentials that authorize me to enter this august arena, in the United States, at least -- elsewhere not. It's a fair generalization, I think, that the more a discipline has intellectual substance, the less it has to protect itself from scrutiny, by means of a guild structure. The consequences with regard to your question are pretty obvious.
QUESTION: You have said that most intellectuals end up obfuscating reality. Do they understand the reality they are obfuscating? Do they understand the social processes they mystify?
CHOMSKY: Most people are not liars. They can't tolerate too much cognitive dissidence. I don't want to deny that there are outright liars, just brazen propagandists. You can find them in journalism and in the academic professions as well. But I don't think that's the norm. The norm is obedience, adoption of uncritical attitudes, taking the easy path of self-deception. I think there's also a selective process in the academic professions and journalism. That is, people who are independent minded and cannot be trusted to be obedient to don't make it, by and large. They're often filtered out along the way. [...]
The International Rugby Board has announced that, for the first time, the HSBC Sevens World Series will be streamed live online.
Uninterrupted action of all nine rounds of the 2013/14 Series will be available to watch on the official website, www.irbsevens.com, starting with round one on Australia's Gold Coast on 12-13 October.
The development follows the success of the live streaming from Rugby World Cup Sevens 2013 in Moscow, which was viewed by over 260,000 unique users over the three days.
In territories where broadcast agreements are in place geo-blocking may apply, however the live streaming solution means that the popular action will be accessible to Rugby fans in every country in the world, allowing them to both watch and engage with the Series via integrated social media.
"This is an exciting development for sports fans and a giant leap forward in helping to satisfy the strong global demand for Rugby Sevens, which continues to engage new fans around the world," said the IRB's General Manager for Rugby Sevens, Avan Lee.
"Since Rugby Sevens joined the Olympic programme, the game has benefited from record broadcast exposure on television, and this new step into the world of live online viewership significantly enhances our offering.
"Millions of people already watch the World Series on television around the world, and will continue to, but this online platform now gives existing and new fans the chance to see every pass, tackle and try from our showcase Series.
"We've had nothing but positive feedback from the Rugby family about this and we're excited to see how it goes."
IRB Chairman, Bernard Lapasset, added: "With three years until our return to the Olympic stage in Rio we want more than ever to make Rugby accessible to people everywhere, so it is with immense pride that we can now make our premium Sevens product viewable in every corner of the world. That is the universality we are striving for as we build towards 2016 and beyond."
Giles Morgan, Global Head of Sponsorship & Events, HSBC Holdings plc, commented: "We are delighted that, through this innovation, the HSBC Sevens World Series will be opened up and made accessible to a much larger, global audience. Rugby Sevens is growing at a phenomenal rate around the world and this exciting new online platform will enable even more fans to engage with the sport."
An announcement will be made regarding the coverage of the IRB Women's Sevens World Series in due course.
If you're working on MS Word and need to insert a sample piece of pseudo text to demonstrate something, there's a quick way to do so. Just by typing in a command and pressing enter, you can fill up your document with sample, lorem ipsum paragraphs easily.
Here's how:
Open your document in MS Word
Place your cursor where you want the Lorem Ipsum text to appear, type =lorem() and press Enter
and press Enter You'll now see sample, pseudo latin Lorem Ipsum paragraphs in your document, like this:
If you want a specific number of paragraphs of lorem ipsum text and want each paragraph to contain a particular number of lines, you can use the attributes of the =lorem() command to do the job for you. For instance, if you want 5 paragraphs of lorem ipsum text generated with each paragraph containing 2 sentences, you should type =lorem(5,2)
That is how you generate Lorem Ipsum in Microsoft Word. If you've got anything to say, tell us in the comments section below. Please note that the above commands are known to work with Microsoft Word 2007. If you're using an earlier version of Word, you can try the =rand() command.
Related
Nobody called it craft beer back in the '90s. Or when the Porterhouse brew pub first opened its doors in Temple Bar serving its own beers and a range of imported US, German and Belgian ales. It was all very exotic, back then.
“We were regarded as complete eccentrics,” says Oliver Hughes, who founded the Porterhouse with Liam LaHart in 1996. In those days, it was unheard of to walk into a pub in Ireland and find anything other than the usual mainstream beers on offer.
“Nobody said it would last, but here we are 20 years later.”
Last month, the Porterhouse – which has four bars in Ireland, and one in London and New York – celebrated its 20th anniversary. A lot has changed since they first started, most noticeably that everyone now seems to be talking about craft beer, and a rake of craft and brew pubs have opened around the country.
“We were the first to make a pale ale in Ireland – nobody knew what it was, or what hops were then either,” says Hughes.
They imported Erdinger and Herrnbrau and also sought out new Irish breweries, such as Galway Hooker, to add to their offerings. They made a few “me-too beers”, similar in style to the mainstream ones, which landed them in some legal trouble (one was called Weiser Buddy).
Persuading barmen back then was difficult, he says.
“Most of them were totally not interested,” in serving anything other than the usual mainstream beers. And they couldn't understand why he wanted to put Belgian beers like Chimay or Duvel on the top shelves. Now it's easy, he says, because more people are curious about trying different beers, and all Porterhouse bar staff are encouraged to read up on beer history.
“I was in a bar last night and there was a big sign up saying ‘craft beer' but every beer on offer was made by a big multinational,” Hughes says.
This kind of “pretend craft” is hugely damaging to the microbrewery industry, he says. While there may be debates about what the exact definition of craft beer actually is, he says, “the global multinational brewing beer doesn't come within any of them”.
The next few years will be make or break for many of the new Irish microbreweries. “There will be a shake-out,” he reckons. “Just because something is a craft beer doesn't mean it's well-brewed, that's an issue.”
And how does he feel seeing other new craft pubs opening around the country?
“Our problem is always [being] too ahead of our time,” he says. “It's fantastic to see others starting out, and to see other breweries with genuine love for beers. We've always supported others.”
Though, he adds, “it can be a little bit achingly hipster sometimes.”
So what actually makes a good craft pub? We asked some of the owners and experts.
57 The Headline, Dublin
“We have no mainstream beers,” says Geoff Carty, who runs 57 the Headline on Clanbrassil Street in Dublin with his wife Máire Ní Mhaolie.
“It probably hurt us at the start but it stands to us now.” 57 the Headline has been open for 2½ years, and has 24 different taps, including two of their own new house beers, called Two Sides. We've had all sorts of reactions over the years [to not serving mainstream beers]. Some people think you're lying, some people think you don't want to serve them, some people think you're taking the mickey.”
But a big part of being a good craft pub, he believes, is having “go-to” beers, “like Hooker, Metalman or O'Hara's”, which are good beginner beers.
“You want to make people feel comfortable,” he says, “you don't want to scare people off, so if someone asks we explain that we only serve beer from Irish microbreweries, and make a few suggestions.”
For Carty, the definition of a craft beer pub is simple. “We don't deal with macro.”
The Oslo, Salthill, Galway
“We try not to be elitist,” says Niall Walsh of Galway Bay Brewery. They opened their first brew pub in Salthill, Galway in 2009, called the Oslo. Back then, he says, “every bar just had the same product – it's like if every restaurant had the same dishes.”
Galway Bay has rapidly expanded over the last few years, now with 11 bars, including Against the Grain and The Black Sheep in Dublin, and The Salt House in Galway. While most of them have a pure craft offering, others stock some macro or mainstream beers.
Having staff behind you is key, says Walsh. “We have a new programme where staff will come to the brewery and get to make beer and see how the whole thing works.”
A good craft beer pub comes down to having a great selection of quality beers, he reckons. And no TVs, he adds.
L Mulligan Grocer, Dublin
“We had our dissenters initially but the overall reception was positive,” says Adam Kilbane, manager of Mulligan's, which has been open since 2010 and offers a wide range of rotating Irish and international craft beers. He's noticed tastes are changing over the past few years, with people more keen to experiment. It used to be all about hops, he says “but now you'll see a resurgence in respect for a really well-made lager, a perfectly balanced pale ale or a big treat like a barley wine.”
As for the term “craft pub”, he's not too fond of it. “We try to offer something more than just beer – an experience to our customers through our passion for our products be it beer, whiskey or food.”
A really good pub, he says, is about personality.
Simon Lambert & Sons, Wexford
Yellow Belly, whose brewery is based in the cellar of Lambert & Sons pub in Wexford, is celebrating its first anniversary this year. “There's been really enthusiastic response from locals here,” says head brewer Declan Nixon. You'll find six Yellow Belly beers on tap there, with seven other craft rotation taps plus some macro beers.
Nixon, who used to work in a pub, believes craft beer is changing the culture of drinking. “It's become more of a tasting experience as opposed to a getting-drunk experience,” he says. “People are spending more but drinking a lot less.”
Treehouse Introduces Techdegrees: The Next Step in our Evolution
Ryan Carson Blocked Unblock Follow May 10, 2016
Today we're proud to introduce the Treehouse Techdegree, a guided-learning experience designed to prepare students for entry-level developer jobs at companies across the country. This program is the culmination of everything the team has been working toward since I started the company back in 2010.
In the last 6 years, nearly 600k students have enrolled in our basic subscription courses and Treehouse has become well known for our expert teachers and high-quality videos, content and interactive tools. Now, with Techdegrees, we'll be offering intensive courses specifically for people who want to make a career out of technology.
I'm incredibly proud of this new qualification — put simply a Techdegree can change your life. We've already seen people realize their dreams of getting a well paid job in tech through our programs. This is what motivates me — creating something that can help people get the job they want and transform their life. It is our mission today — as it was when we founded the company 6 years ago.
The idea for Treehouse came about while I was running my first company, Carsonified, which focused on hosting industry events, conferences and workshops for web designers and developers. While I loved the idea of bringing people together, exciting and empowering them with knowledge, I realized I wasn't able to do it at the scale. I remember asking my wife — ‘how can we teach people at a larger scale, while keeping it affordable to the students?' Being the very practical woman she is, she simply replied — ‘we should just hire a teacher and film them teaching a course and put it on the internet'. Boom — and this is how it all began.
In August 2010, we introduced our $25 and $49 basic subscription plans, with courses focusing on Front End and Back End Web Development. In 2012, we decided to make Portland, OR, Treehouse's permanent home and now, nearly six years later, we have 110 employees, have offered 500 courses and helped almost 600,000 students.
Treehouse Teachers, working on our curriculum
From day one, we've taken a student first approach — creating a structure and curriculum that keeps students engaged, while allowing them to work at a pace that fits their learning style. Our content is 100% original and created in-house; from our high-quality videos to the interactive tools we have in place to give students the additional resources they need to learn new concepts. But perhaps the most important element in delivering an online education of this caliber is our passionate team of full-time teachers — all experts in the courses they're teaching. Our teachers are committed to changing students' lives and continuously gathering feedback and updating their methods to deliver the best online education experience possible. I can't tell you how many times I've heard from students that they love Treehouse because of the way we teach. Some of our teachers even get recognized in the street sometimes. They really are rock stars.
After a lot of hard work, and a little bit of luck, got my first dev job!! Thanks @treehouse couldn't of done it without you!!!
- Jacob Mishkin
Our mission has always been to bring technology education to people everywhere, to help them achieve their dreams, but we understand that not everyone has the same dreams. We realized that people are coming to treehouse for a number of different reasons: some want to learn to code as a hobby, others are looking to brush up on or learn new skills, and some folks are looking to get into technology for the first time — often after already having completed a college education in another subject or having spent years in an unfulfilling job. For those people especially, the thought of going back to school to earn a computer science degree can be daunting, time consuming and expensive.
Techdegree is a solution to this problem, taking students from zero to skill ready by providing them with a quality tech education and qualification, in a more affordable price and in a more effective way.
The Techdegree is designed to be a passport into a new life.
A Techdegree program only takes 6–12 months on average to complete and starts at $399 per month. Each course has been designed by educational experts and employers to ensure that Treehouse students have the very latest skills and qualifications needed to get great jobs in tech. Techdegrees will be initially offered in six key topics:
Front End Web Development
Full Stack JavaScript
iOS
Android
Python
Java
In addition, the courses will include 12 real world coding projects that are reviewed and graded by Treehouse staff, a dedicated Slack channel to get help from other students and Treehouse staff, a final proctored exam, and one-on-one video mentorship for students. The 12 real-world projects are designed to be shown on a resume and show prospective employers that Techdegree graduates are trained and ready for the job at hand.
You'll build real-world projects and finish the Techdegree with a complete portfolio of work.
With over 500,000 unfilled computer science jobs across the United States in 2015, we believe that Techdegrees offer a ready made solution for both students and employers.
And we are confident employers will agree with us. Treehouse is already recognized and valued by employers such as Buzzfeed, Home Depot, Kaplan, Mailchimp and NASA who have used Treehouse products to give their employees new tech skills. Our goal this year is to continue conversations with companies across the country, in a variety of industries, to drive awareness of Treehouse and our certification.
While some online schools promote themselves as the bridge into Silicon Valley, we believe that opportunity is everywhere. Our economy is changing fast and there are new roles in tech in every corner of the United States, in every city, and every state. No-one should be denied that opportunity if they want it. That's why a Techdegree from Treehouse can become your passport into a better job and a better life.
For more information on Treehouse and the Techdegree program, visit us here.
On the morning of Oct. 18, 2014, the City of Paris formally unveiled a historical plaque in memory of Jean Diot and Bruno Lenoir, arrested for sodomy and burned at the stake in 1750 — the last two victims of an execution for homosexual acts in the history of France.
The plaque is located in the pavement at the corner of the rue Montorgueil and the rue Bachaumont, near the location where the men were seized in flagrante on Jan. 4, 1750.
Among the speakers at the ceremony: Anne Hidalgo, mayor of Paris (the first woman and the second Socialist to hold the post) and Jacques Boutault, district mayor for the second arrondissement, where the plaque is located.
Mayor Hidalgo's speech was both very moving in its evocation of the long struggle for respect and equality for LGBT people and in making a strong commitment to public policy measures supporting LGBT public history.
Notably, the mayor said that she wanted to see Paris establish an institution for documenting and making LGBT history available to all residents of the city — and she specifically cited San Francisco as a model to follow in this regard.
: Gerard Koskovich, Historian, LGBT activist, October 18, 2014
Adults lack stem cells for making new eggs
Mammalian females ovulate periodically over their reproductive lifetimes, placing significant demands on their ovaries for egg production. Whether mammals generate new eggs in adulthood using stem cells has been a source of scientific controversy. If true, these "germ-line stem cells" might allow novel treatments for infertility and other diseases. However, new research from Carnegie's Lei Lei and Allan Spradling demonstrates that adult mice do not use stem cells to produce new eggs. Their work is published by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences the week of April 29.
Before birth, mouse and human ovaries contain an abundant supply of germ cells, some of which will develop into the eggs that will ultimately be released from follicles during ovulation. Around the time of birth these germ cells have formed a large reserve of primordial follicles -- each containing a single immature egg. Evidence of new follicle production is absent after birth, so it has long been believed that the supply of follicles is fixed at birth and eventually runs out, leading to menopause.
During the last decade, some researchers have claimed that primordial follicles in adult mouse ovaries turn over and that females use adult germ-line stem cells to constantly resupply the follicle pool and sustain ovulation. These claims were based on subjective observations of ovarian tissue and on the behavior of extremely rare ovarian cells following extensive growth in tissue culture, a procedure that is capable of "reprogramming" cells.
Lei and Spradling used a technique that allows individual cells and their progeny within a living animal to be followed over time by marking the cells with a new gene. This general approach, known as lineage-tracing, has been a mainstay of classical developmental biology research and has greatly clarified knowledge of tissue stem cells during the last decade.
Their research showed that primordial follicles are highly stable, and that germ-line stem cell activity cannot be detected, even in response to the death of half the existing follicles. The research placed a stringent upper limit on the stem cell activity that could exist in the mouse ovary and escape detection--one stem cell division every two weeks, which is an insignificant level.
What about the rare stem-like cells generated in cultures of ovarian cells? According to Spradling, these cells "likely arise by dedifferentiation in culture," and "the same safety and reliability concerns would apply as to any laboratory-generated cell type that lacks a normal counterpart" in the body.
Scientist Missing For Over 20 years Found Living Inside Secret LSD Drug Lab Hidden in Basement?
% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.
Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal.
A Couple from Cottage Grove, Minnesota discovers a man living inside a secret laboratory inside their basement. On Tuesday, officers with the Warrington County Sheriffs Office went to the Morgan family's home after receiving a call of a possible break in. When the officers pulled up they saw the Morgan Family standing by the road.
“They ran up to use and said they heard a man shouting inside their basement and that's when they called it in to 911” Said Captain Bruce Normans with the Warrington County Sheriff's Office.
Officers say they could hear the man yelling in the basement the moment they entered the Morgan's home. But when they moved cautiously into the basement they saw nothing but could hear banging sounds coming from behind the northern wall of the Morgan family's basement, specifically echoing from behind a large storage cabinet.
“It was a very odd situation. We assumed the possibility that a vagrant may have been trapped behind the cabinet and needed help” Officer Jim Catelli told Channel 6 news.
When the Officers moved the large metal cabinet they uncovered an entryway to a large basement room that was full of various science equipment along with a terrified, elderly man. The 83 year old man was identified as Dr. Winston Corrigan, a chemistry professor from the University of Minnesota who went missing in the fall of 1984 and was a previous resident of the home.
“He had clearly been living down there for a long time and had suffered severe psychological trauma probably from not socializing with anyone for a while. I don't know if he had been living down there since the 80's but I wouldn't doubt it” Said EMT personnel Landon Choler.
Dr. Winston is currently being held at Abbott Northwestern Hospital in Minneapolis for observation but will eventually be sent to the state psychiatric ward in Prairie Hills Clinic where it will undergo a psychiatric evaluation to determine the extent of any psychological illnesses and possibly reintroduced to modern society.
“I just can't believe it….it's just so odd. The family that used to live there moved because they said the house was haunted so I guess that makes sense now.” Said a neighbor who had lived next door for 33 years.
The Police recovered over $500,000 worth of lab equipment stolen from the University, along with 3 Hand guns, an assault rifle, 50 years' worth of military grade rations and twelve 55 gallon barrels (including three almost empty barrels) of what DEA labs have identified as pure liquid Lysergic acid diethylamide, a powerful hallucinogenic drug more commonly known as the street name LSD or Acid.
It is not yet known if or when Dr. Winston will be convicted of any crime.
Check out more of my stories from my personal profile page lots of constant updates on UFOs and Bigfoot and the Paranormal and much more. Visit Here Jeffery Pritchett. Thank you.
Source IFLScience
Update this story is unconfirmed and lots of debate whether it happened or not. It was being discussed heavily at AboveTopSecret as being real and thought IFL was legit source.
Many users - myself, Artem, and several other AP team members included - got an error just a bit ago stating that "There is a problem communicating with Google servers," but this issue seems to only be affecting Jelly Bean devices. Makes perfect sense, too - looks like Google Now is the only thing currently down, as Talk, Drive, GMail, Calendar, Movies, Music, Magazines, Books, Maps, the Play Store, and pretty much all other Google Services are currently fully functional.
If you've flashed Now onto your ICS device, you should be experiencing this error, as well. If you've flashed Now onto your ICS device, you should be experiencing this error, as well.
Update: It looks like Google Now is back. Several AP members are reporting that the sign in error is gone and Now is back up and running. What about you? Everything back to normal for you yet?
What does this mean? Maybe Google is upgrading Now. Maybe it's just a fluke. Hard to say, really. But as soon as we know, so will you.
How many times have you heard something along these lines?
DM: Ok, you successfully reach into the pocket of the merchant hawking his wares over the busy street. The first thing your fingers touch is a smooth ring and as the man begins to turn, you deftly pull it out.
Player: Cool, I try on the ring.
DM: The ring instantly latches onto your finger with a death grip! You feel weaker every second! You've just pickpocketed a super cursed ring of you will die for whatever reason rabble rabble rabble.
I think you all know what I mean.
Every now and then I hear horror stories of, or at times, experience the effects of when a DM decides they aren't playing for the group and begin to play for themselves. It seems every single item your group finds is cursed. Or every single encounter is incredibly powerful. Your character begins to feel like less of a brave adventurer out to protect the world from the evil lich and more of an incredibly scared fighter who knows that his sword and shield will never stand up to that pack of bugbears with 7 class levels, mithral full plate, greatswords, and more teamwork feats than is reasonable. Yes, I actually had a DM put my group of 4 level 6 characters against that.
It seems like somewhere in every DM's life, he becomes a competitive gamer and decides he's going to actively try to kill his players tonight. It's happened to me, and it will probably happen to you as well. Maybe your group just trivialized an encounter that you painstakingly designed over the course of a week. Maybe you had a bad day and got into an argument with your significant other and need an outlet. Somewhere down the line, you become less of a DM and more of a kid on Modern Warfare looking to just kill everything.
The problem with this style of DM'ing is that it has the possibility of breaking the golden rule of tabletop gaming. Make sure everyone at the table is having fun. That is not to say that you shouldn't kill a character who just kidney punched the king in his own throne room. By all means, wipe the floor with that guy. But when you make an encounter or scenario downright impossible to succeed at for arbitrary reasons, your players will feel resentful. There is a massive difference between a PC trying to perform a death-defying stunt against an encounter because it just may save the day and a PC doing that stunt because it's the only chance he will even scratch the monster.
So, with all that in mind, I've come up with a small list on how to recognize when you may be playing against your players rather than with them. Also, how you can prevent these scenarios.
1. You find yourself designing encounters with your players abilities in mind.
So, you are sitting down designing next week's gaming session. You've come up with a story, a little background, and a few encounters. You set yourself to designing exactly what sinister beings your player will face tonight. You realize that you wizard likes to use touch spells, so you design the baddie with ridiculously high touch AC. Or maybe, you make sure everything being fought has 10 legs because you are sick of the fighter tripping everything. You are actively thinking of any weakness your players may have and how to exploit them. You may rationalize that you are teaching them a lesson. That they can't just go around doing x, y, and z.
The problem with this is that these types of encounters are fun for one person. You. The kobolds they were randomly attacked by somehow know every weakness of your players and how to exploit them. They are masters of making this particular set of adventurers weep in fear. They will make this PC's run with their tails between their legs. So the players do that. They run, feeling slightly cheated that they didn't even have a chance. It wasn't even the BBEG. It was a random group of kobolds. See where I'm going here?
My Solution:
Design encounters as if you were the monster/NPC/etc., itself. Think to yourself. What does a kobold do every day? What would this particular tribe's society be like? Maybe they hunt deer every day. Ok, so archery based abilities would be a natural fit. Maybe spear throwers. Deer usually don't hunt back, so they may wear hide armor. They will have skills in survival to track and hunt. They may have developed keen senses over time. Who are their enemies? Maybe some bugbears in a grove over the river. Maybe they've fought the bugbears for years over this river. They've become great trap makers because of this. They see bugbears as a favored enemy. Who are they ruled by? A fearsome warrior? A wise shaman? A greedy wizard? Is this leader protected by a set of guards? Keep going with this line of thinking. Get into their heads. What makes them tick? Why do they do this, that, and the other? Soon enough, you've come up with a nice encounter based on real variables that make sense. They have their skills, weapons, and abilities based on their environment, not the group of adventurers that happen to be traipsing through their forest. As long as the encounter is CR appropriate,
2. You have a strong urge to “teach your players a lesson” and mostly do that by designing a TPK.
Let's take our kobold example from above. Last session, the group wantonly murdered a bunch of peaceful goblins. Well, they can't just go around killing everything, that's just not right. Right? So, you've designed this kobold encounter based on their weakness to TPK the group to teach them that some things fight back. Now, reroll your characters and let's not kill everything this time or you might all die again.
Now the problem here is that the lesson you are teaching your players is that they shouldn't do things the DM doesn't like. As a result, they lost their characters. The players generally will not equate this in-game. They will equate it with you as a DM. Their next characters will have even less flair and story and will grow closer to being a min max character because they don't want to die again.
My Solution:
Keep your consequences in-game. Just like it isn't reasonable for a group of people to run around killing everything in your world; it also isn't reasonable to groups to be running around actively killing them.
I personally like to work all consequences into roleplaying scenarios that have detrimental effects on the life of the character, not the player. So, last week our make-believe group of adventurers killed a group of peaceful goblins for no reason. (Even though we all know what the reason was. More sweet, sweet experience.) This week they are moving further into the forest and encounter our kobold village. The one we designed as a hunting society ruled by a shaman that is having an ongoing territory feud with the bugbears next door. Let's say the group's collective eyes light up at all the walking bags of experience here and set about an old-fashioned rampage. More loots! More experiences!
Ok, now take a breath. Let's not try to teach the group a lesson by TPK'ing them. We're going to take the high road here and actively think about what kind of real-time repercussions this could have. Let's say with the kobolds out of the way, the bugbears can now freely seize the kobold lands and enslave or eat any survivors. Maybe the bugbears ride this easy expansion further than they intended. They have quite a nice plot of land and command of a section of river to boot. These bugbears are greedy. They want more. They set their eyes on a nearby town of humans and all their goods. The humans; not having a clue about what is in store for them, are taken unaware by the massive bugbear attack on their town. Many women, children, and innocents are killed or taken away. Rape, plunder, and death is everywhere. While a small cadre of rangers goes off to get their wives back, the town's wise old cleric (who used to be an adventurer himself) takes time to commune with his god about how such atrocities could befall his tiny little town. His god tells him of the evil genocide your group of players took part in and how the balance domino'd to the loss of his precious daughter. The cleric, using his ties to his church, brands your players as vagrants and outlaws. A bounty is placed upon their heads.
The players don't know any of this. This is all happening while they are happily slaying anything that crosses their path. They get to town and no one will buy their loot. People cross the street wherever they walk. Suddenly, a group of guards seizes them and they get to spend the next session convincing a court justice that needing more experience is a perfectly reasonable excuse for genocide. Everyone keeps their characters and consequences to their actions play out in a manner that could actually happen. Instead of stepping outside of the game to punish your players, you like the world punish them for you. And believe it or not, roleplaying of this nature will bring your player/character disconnection gap a lot closer.
3. Negative DM Fiat
This is a tricky one. I've said in a couple of places that when I DM, I fiat all the time. That being said, I take extra care to never, ever fiat in a manner that is detrimental to the game's sense of fun in any way for any player. If I fiat, it's usually because I really, really, really think it would be awesome for you to try to throw your halfing buddy onto the back of that dragon. So, I will make up some on the fly rules and fuzzy figures to get you a chance of making that happen. Why? Because it's fun. Everyone will talk about that time that Bob threw a halfing onto a dragon's back. And in the end, that's why we DM. To create and design worlds, people, and conflicts that are fun and engaging.
My solution:
The hardest part about not running a fiat in a negative manner is recognizing that you are even doing it at all. So, first off, when you fiat, ask yourself why. Are you trying to teach your players a lesson? (See above.) Are you railroading the encounter to go the path you thought all week about? Do you find yourself racking your brain to find ways to make a situation just a bit tougher on your players? If you are running a fiat and can answer yes to any of those questions, then you are most likely being negative. And worse, if your player find out that you are doing that, they are going to be pissed.
So now that you've recognized what you are doing, try to actively turn your fiat into a positive one. Let's go back to our example game. This week, our players are in court facing the local justice for their crimes against humanity. They have stated their case. They've rolled the diplomacy rolls, they've begged and pleaded. You may be very tempted to say “Nope! The rope for these men!” and make them re-roll. Unless they truly gave a horrible argument accompanied by terrible rolls, you probably shouldn't do this. Why? Because you are missing out on a positive fiat that could open up a hub for many, many quests. Screw the rope. Find them guilty and force them to become indentured mercenaries to the city until their crimes have been atoned for. They will have to sweep the land cleaning up dung, escorting the lowliest of prisoners, dealing with the worst jobs this justice has to offer for their actions. In the end, they might even learn a little humility. On your side, you have a base for any number of quests you may have to send your characters on without having to design an overly intricate backstory. Works out for all parties involved.
Conclusion
So, next time you're DM'ing, think about these three scenarios. Are you guilty of any of them? I know I have been. But also think back to that one great DM who was just awesome and you had all the fun that could be had in his games. We all have one in our lives. That's the kind of fun you want your players to have. To do this, play with them. Not against them. Just because us DM's are on the opposite side of the table doesn't mean we are on the opposite team.
Until next time, good gaming.
I'm a Medicare doctor. Here's what I make
Dr. William Schreiber, a primary care physician, said cuts in Medicare payments to doctors will force them to consider boycotting Medicare patients.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- When you think of low-paying jobs, doctor doesn't usually come to mind.
But with a 21% cut in Medicare payments slated to take effect later this month, physicians who say they are making an OK living may be reduced to income levels that no longer make their profession viable. That's especially true for those still paying medical school costs and other training.
"The cuts will hit me," said Dr. William Schreiber, a primary care physician based in North Syracuse, N.Y.
Schreiber sees 120 patients a week. About 30% of them are enrolled directly in Medicare, while another 65% have private insurance plans that peg their payments on Medicare's rates. Only 5% pay on their own.
As a result, Schreiber expects the cuts to take away $3 out of every $5 he currently earns. And, as a primary care physician, he already wasn't earning anything near the salary of a specialist.
"After the costs of my own benefits are deducted, that will leave me with the equivalent of a minimum wage job," he said.
Unless Congress acts to adjust Medicare payments without considering the impact of rising health care costs, Schreiber said he could be forced into bankruptcy or shut his practice.
Cost of care
Schreiber, who employs two nurse practitioners, agreed to break down the costs associated with running his practice.
He spends about $60,000 a month on "fixed costs" to run his practice. "That's more or less my breakeven point," he said. "If I spend more, I'm in the red for the month."
Business costs include rent, payroll, utilities, medical and office supplies. Because he maintains electronic health records for his patients, Schreiber also pays for equipment maintenance and other management services associated with patient billing.
Fixed costs for a private practice also include malpractice insurance. He pays about $7,000 a year for himself and $2,000 each for his two nurse practitioners. Schreiber admits that his cost for malpractice insurance is relatively low, compared to specialists such as ob/gyns, who pay upward of $100,000 a year. (Rx for money woes: Doctors quit medicine)
Finally, his fixed costs include benefits to cover his employees, including himself.
Those costs go against the $800,000 or so in revenue, which includes about $100,000 in income, he said his practice collects in a given year.
Nearly a third of that money, the sum that would be cut 21%, comes from Medicare.
What Medicare pays
Overall, Medicare pays between 63% and 72% of the costs for one of Schreiber's patients -- although the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services applies different payment rates in different states.
According to Schreiber, four billing codes make up the "bread and butter" of claims submitted to Medicare.
The first code represents a simple visit, which might include blood pressure and cholesterol checks. Schreiber gets about $44 from Medicare for the $70 fee he charges.
The second and third codes correspond to a sick visit, when he spends 15 to 20 minutes evaluating a patient for symptoms such as coughing or shortness of breath. Schreiber charges $92 for a sick visit, of which Medicare pays about $58.
The last billing code is a complex visit. "This is where a patient comes in with many problems like heart disease, hypertension, diabetes," he said. Such a visit requires about 30 minutes of his time.
Schreiber charges $120 for these visits, and Medicare pays $88 of that.
"Medicare reimbursements aren't bad. That's why everyone takes them," Schreiber said.
For his privately insured patients, Schreiber gets paid an additional 10% to 20% above Medicare rates.
But an approximately $5,000 monthly cut in Medicare payments and a related reduction in rates from private insurers would change his financial picture dramatically.
The cuts -- which took effect Monday but were deferred to the end of March when the Senate approved an extension Tuesday -- can't come from the fixed costs. So, Schreiber said, they would have to come from the amount he clears a month.
"If I am now getting paid 21% less on what Medicare reimburses me, it turns Medicare into a losing proposition," he said.
Despite his concerns, Schreiber said he's not dumping his Medicare patients yet.
"I'll see what we are going to do," he said. "It's not a case of closing my doors to Medicare to get back at someone for cutting my salary."
RCMP say Michael (Pinball) Clemons will be getting his Grey Cup ring back after it was taken by a woman at B.C. Place Stadium during the Toronto Argonauts game against the Lions on Friday.
The former Argonaut player and current vice-chair of the team reportedly threw one of his four championship rings into the crowd for fans to look at during the game when a woman walked away with it.
RCMP say Michael "Pinball" Clemons will be getting his Grey Cup ring back. <a href="http://t.co/p8UUNFREXq">http://t.co/p8UUNFREXq</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CFL?src=hash">#CFL</a> <a href="http://t.co/mAB3kCsoNq">pic.twitter.com/mAB3kCsoNq</a> —@CFL
Constable Gary O'Brien said in a release Saturday night that the 30-year-old Nanaimo woman later returned the ring to RCMP officials, who are making arrangements to return it to Clemons.
"She feels absolutely terrible about the situation and told the officer she wants Mr. Clemons to know she had no intention of keeping it and just wanted to do the right thing by turning it in," O'Brien said.
Woman accused of stealing Pinball Clemons' Grey Cup ring says it was a ‘misunderstanding' <a href="http://t.co/Ghr7xLPsmA">http://t.co/Ghr7xLPsmA</a> —@CFL_Alumni
The woman told police she was sitting in the front row when Clemons threw the ring into the crowd. She also said she waited for security to retrieve the ring but left after no one approached her.
The Argos reached out to fans via Twitter on Saturday morning, asking them to be "on the lookout" for the ring and to contact police with any information.
MT <a href="https://twitter.com/fakeGAINER">@fakeGAINER</a>: Please RT - all <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CFL?src=hash">#CFL</a> fans be on the lookout for Pinball Clemons GC ring - stolen last night. Any info - contact police. —@TorontoArgos
Clemons began his CFL career in 1989, signing with Toronto as a free agent after a brief stint with the NFL's Kansas City Chiefs, and played until 2000.
The Florida native recorded 3,840 all-purpose yards in 1997, surpassing the single-season record he set himself years earlier. The record held until 2012, when Argos receiver Chad Owens broke it.
Clemons was named the CFL's Most Outstanding Player in 1990, and won four Grey Cups — three as a player and one as a head coach — all for Toronto.
Image caption The lead coffin was found hidden within a large, intact, stone coffin by archaeologists Image caption It took eight people to remove the lid of the stone coffin, only to find another lead casket inside Image caption Archaeologists returned to the site where Richard III was found to discover more about the old Grey Friars Church Image caption Experts believe the coffins are part of a "high-status" burial but do not yet know who it might be Image caption Mathew Morris, site director, said finding the coffin-within-a-coffin was as exciting as finding Richard III previous slide next slide
A mysterious coffin-within-a-coffin has been excavated from the same Leicester car park where Richard III was found.
Earlier this month archaeologists from The University of Leicester returned to the site where the last Plantagenet king was buried.
Laboratory tests will be carried out on the lead coffin - which was found inside a fully intact stone casket - before it is opened.
Archaeologists said it was the first time they had seen anything like it.
Learn more
The team discovered the king's body last year and confirmed it was Richard III in February after a battery of tests - news which brought the world's media to the city.
Experts returned to the site of the former Grey Friars Church at the beginning of July to learn more about the site.
Last week, eight people were needed to lift the stone lid from the outer coffin - which is more than 2m long, 60cm wide at one end, 30cm wide at the other and 30cm deep.
Inside they found a lead box in which they can just glimpse the remains of feet.
Grey Friars site director Mathew Morris, of the University of Leicester Archaeological Services, said: "The stone coffin was always the big thing we wanted to investigate during this dig.
Coffin within coffin
"For me, it was as exciting as finding Richard III. We still don't know who is inside - so there is still a question mark over it.
"None of us in the team have ever seen a lead coffin within a stone coffin before. We will now need to work out how to open it safely, as we don't want to damage the contents when we are opening the lid."
Archaeologists suspect it contains one of three people - Peter Swynsfeld, who died in 1272; William of Nottingham, who died in 1330 - both heads of the Grey Friars order in England - or Sir William de Moton of Peckleton, who died between 1356 and 1362.
Work has already begun at the site to build a permanent exhibition to the discovery of Richard, housed in a nearby former school.
It is due to open in 2014 and it is hoped it will bring 100,000 people and £4.5m into Leicester in its first year.
The bones are due to be reinterred in Leicester Cathedral in May 2014, subject to a legal challenge by campaigners who want his body placed in York.
A Facebook community dubbed the ‘Black Power Political Organization' has claimed responsibility for the shootings in Dallas, which killed at least five police officers. Their page retrieved from cache reveals they promise more attacks.
READ MORE: Dallas protest turns violent, 5 officers dead LIVE UPDATES
The group's page on Facebook appears to have been deleted or blocked, but its content is still available on Google cache.
On Friday, the group claimed their “sniper assassins” took down “five police officers,” according to the screen grabs.
In the same post, the group also promised to “assassinate” more police officers “in the coming days.” It called to “get your own sniper rifle” and join their thousands of “sniper assassins” across the world.
There hasn't been any official comment on these statements, however, Dallas police said the killed suspect had told negotiators he was not affiliated with any group and acted alone.
In earlier publications, the group called “to end the oppression” of black people using the hashtags #BlackPower and #Blackknights, the cache shows.
The BPPO's aim is to create the “United States of Africa”. Its rallying cries are: “Free yourself from the white men” and help “Free Africa from western and non-black people control.”
In one of the most peculiar postings, the group boasts it has planted spies in the CIA, FBI, police and among US soldiers who “work for them“ and “give them information.”
In June, the group wrote several posts about “black people being tired of government oppression.”
The violence started on Thursday night during a peaceful protest in Dallas over the fatal shootings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, LA, and Philando Castile in St. Paul, MN. At least four attackers, holed up in a downtown garage, used sniper rifles against police officers.
READ MORE: 4th Dallas suspect shoots himself in standoff with police – reports
The incident then spread to the streets, where major corporations, restaurants and courthouses have premises. Police believe the attack was coordinated.
Three snipers were arrested and the forth was killed in a standoff with police. A total of 14 people were shot, two of them civilians, the rest were police officers.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption It is the third time in the past 18 months that Stormont has rejected same-sex marriage
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a motion calling for the introduction of same-sex marriage during a debate at Stormont.
A total of 51 assembly members (MLAs) voted against the Sinn Féin motion, while 43 MLAs voted in favour.
It is the third time in the past 18 months that Stormont has rejected same-sex marriage.
Northern Ireland is now the only part of the UK which has not passed a law to introduce same-sex marriage.
The first gay marriages have recently taken place in England and Wales, with Scotland due to follow later this year.
Ahead of the latest Stormont vote, the human rights organisation Amnesty International said Northern Ireland politicians would not be able to block same-sex marriage indefinitely.
The debate, led by Sinn Féin, began on Tuesday with the party insisting this was an equality issue.
The Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) backed the motion which also supported freedom of religion.
The DUP is opposed and tabled a petition of concern ensuring the motion would be blocked under the Northern Ireland Assembly's cross- community voting rules.
The party had argued this was not about equality, nor human rights and said it was opposing the redefinition of marriage.
However, when it came to the vote, the DUP did not need to depend on their veto, as the No camp had a majority of eight over the supporters of same-sex marriage.
All the nationalist MLAs who took part in the vote backed gay marriage, while most unionists rejected it, with only four of them voting in favour.
Alliance Party MLA are designated as "other", as opposed to defining themselves as unionist or nationalist in the assembly.
Their party policy is also in favour of same sex-marriage, but two Alliance MLAs, Judith Cochrane and Trevor Lunn, voted against the motion.
The Ulster Unionist Party voted on conscience grounds and only two UUP MLAs, Michael Copeland and Danny Kinahan, broke the unionist trend and voted in favour.
Both of NI21's MLAs, Basil McCrea and John McCallister, who are designated as unionists, voted to support same-sex marriage.
Jim Allister, leader of the Traditional Unionist Voice voted no while Green Party leader Steven Agnew voted yes.
Patrick Corrigan, director of Amnesty International, said: "Politicians in Northern Ireland who continue to block marriage rights for same-sex couples are like latter-day King Canutes, trying in vain to hold back the tide of equality.
"States may not discriminate with regards to the right to marry and found a family, on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
"That obligation is clear in international law."
The Sinn Féin motion proposed that Stormont introduce legislation similar to other jurisdictions in Britain and Ireland.
The motion comes a day after Catholic bishops in Northern Ireland published an open letter to all MLAs urging them to reject the same-sex marriage motion.
Image caption A rally in favour of same-sex marriage was held in Londonderry on Monday evening
The letter said it undermined the principle of equality by applying it "inappropriately".
The assembly motion said that "other jurisdictions in Britain and Ireland have moved forward with same sex-marriage" and that Stormont should introduce similar legislation.
The motion also said religious institutions should have the freedom to decide whether or not to conduct same-sex marriages.
This was the third attempt to persuade MLAs to back same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland.
A year ago, they rejected a similar motion by 53 votes to 42.
Supporters have stepped up their campaign following the first gay weddings in England and Wales.
Rallies in favour of same-sex marriage were held on Monday evening in Belfast and Londonderry.
As well as the Catholic Church, the Evangelical Alliance made its opposition to the motion clear.
Low Approval of Trump's Transition but Outlook for His Presidency Improves
1. Views of President-elect Trump and his administration
As Donald Trump prepares to take office as the nation's 45th president, 55% of the public says that, so far, they disapprove of the job he has done explaining his policies and plans for the future, while 41% approve of the job he has done.
Trump's rating for the job he has done so far presenting his vision to the public is lower than those other recent presidents received following their elections.
In December 2008, 72% said they approved of the job then President-elect Obama had done explaining his plans and policies for the future. And in the wake of the disputed 2000 election, 50% said they approved of the job George W. Bush had done explaining his plans and policies. In early 1989 and 1993, the public gave both George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton positive ratings for how they had communicated their future plans for the country: 62% approved of Clinton, and 65% approved of Bush (this measure for George H. W. Bush is from March 1989, after he took office).
The partisan gap in ratings of the job Trump has done so far is wider than it has been for any prospective president dating to the 1988 election.
About eight-in-ten Republicans and Republican leaners (79%) say they approve of the job Trump has done explaining his policies and plans for the future to the American people; just 15% of Democrats and Democratic leaners say the same. The 64-percentage point gap between the ratings offered by Republicans and Democrats is larger than the 44-percentage point gap in early reactions to Obama measured in December 2008 and the 48-percentage point gap in reactions to Bush measured in January 2001. The current gap is driven in part by very low rating among Democrats: the 15% who approve of Trump's early approach is lower than any rating given to a new president-elect by members of the losing party in recent elections (including the 29% of Democrats who approved of how Bush laid out his vision in January 2001).
Trump also receives low marks for his initial cabinet choices and other high level appointments. By 51% to 40%, more say they disapprove than approve of the cabinet choices and appointments Trump has made so far. In contrast, majorities approved of the choices made by the past four president-elects. In fact, approval ratings for Trump's cabinet choices are 18 points lower than for the next lowest-rated president-elect.
Eight-in-ten Republicans and Republican leaners say they approve of Trump's cabinet choices and other high level appointments. By contrast, just 11% of Democrats and Democratic leaners say they approve of these selections. Ratings among Democrats today are far lower than the 49% of Republicans who said they approved of Obama's initial cabinet choices in December 2008 and the 44% of Democrats who said the approved of Bush's selections in January 2001.
What kind of president will Trump be?
Overall, 35% say they think Trump will be a great (14%) or good (22%) president, while about as many (38%) think he will be either poor (13%) or terrible (25%); 18% say they think he will make an average president.
While current ratings are mixed, they are more positive than assessments of Trump as a possible president prior to his election victory. Throughout the campaign, majorities said they thought Trump would be either a poor or terrible president, including 57% who said this in late October.
Expectations for Trump as president have improved in part because Democrats are now much less likely to say they expect him to make a poor or terrible president than they were during the campaign – in particular, the share expecting him to be a terrible president has decreased since before the election.
In October, nearly nine-in-ten Democrats and Democratic leaners (89%) said they thought Trump would make a poor or terrible president. Although a majority of Democrats still say this, that share has fallen sharply to 64% in the current survey. And while a plurality of Democrats continues to say he will be a terrible president, that share has declined from 74% in October to 45% today.
At the same time, there has been an uptick in the share of Republicans and Democrats who think Trump will make a great or good president. Two-thirds (67%) of Republicans and Republican leaners think Trump will make at least a good president (up from 54% in October). Few Democrats and Democratic leaners think Trump will make a great or good president (11%), but the share who say this is up 8 points since October.
Confidence in Trump to handle aspects of the presidency
The public is confident in Trump's ability to work with Congress, and about half are confident that he will manage the executive branch effectively; but there are doubts about Trump in other areas, including his ability to prevent major scandals in his administration and use military force wisely.
Six-in-ten say they are either very (26%) or somewhat (35%) confident in Trump's ability to work with Congress. When it comes managing the executive branch effectively, 52% say they are either very or somewhat confident in Trump's ability to do this.
By contrast, fewer than half say they are very or somewhat confident in Trump's ability to handle an international crisis (45%), use military force wisely (44%) or prevent major scandals in his administration (44%).
Not surprisingly, Republicans express confidence in Trump's ability to handle different aspects of the presidency, while Democrats say they are not confident in Trump's ability.
Republicans and Republican leaners are broadly confident in Trump's ability to work effectively with Congress (88%), to use military force wisely (84%) and to manage the executive branch effectively (84%). Large shares also are confident in his ability to handle an international crisis (79%) and prevent major scandals in his administration (77%), though slightly fewer Republicans express confidence in Trump in these areas than in his ability to work with Congress.
Democrats are broadly skeptical of Trump's abilities. Only about two-in-ten are confident in his ability to handle an international crisis (21%), prevent major scandals in his administration (20%) or use military force wisely (18%). Somewhat more (29%) are confident that Trump can manage the executive branch effectively. Democrats express the most confidence in Trump when it comes to his ability to work with Congress: Still, just 40% say they are very or somewhat confident that he can work effectively with Congress.
The public expresses less confidence in Trump's ability to handle different aspects of the presidency than they did in George W. Bush, before he took office in 2001.
At least seven-in-ten said they were very or somewhat confident in Bush's ability to handle aspects of the job in January 2001. Compared with assessments of Bush, the public is significantly less likely to say they are confident in Trump's ability to use military force wisely (34 points lower than ratings of Bush), prevent major scandals in his administration (33 points lower), handle an international crisis (26 points lower), manage the executive branch effectively (25 points lower) and work effectively with Congress (14 points lower).
Low personal favorability ratings for Trump
Alongside negative ratings for the job Trump has done explaining his plans and selecting his cabinet so far, most also hold an overall unfavorable view of the president-elect.
Roughly six-in-ten (58%) say they have either a very (38%) or mostly (20%) unfavorable view of Trump, compared with 37% who hold a very (14%) or mostly (23%) favorable view of him.
By wide margins, the public held favorable views of other recent president-elects. In the weeks before each took office, 79% had a favorable view of Obama, 60% had a favorable view of George W. Bush and 66% had a favorable view of Bill Clinton.
About eight-in-ten Republicans (78%) hold a favorable view of Trump. Views among Democrats are highly negative: 87% say they hold an unfavorable view of the president-elect.
Older adults hold a much more favorable view of Trump than younger adults. By 54% to 42%, more of those ages 65 and older rate Trump favorably than unfavorably. Views are about evenly divided among those ages 50-64 (47% favorable, 49% unfavorable). Large majorities of those 18-29 (73%) and 30-49 (65%) hold an unfavorable view of Trump.
Nearly eight-in-ten (78%) of those with a postgraduate degree view Trump unfavorably, as do 62% of those with a college degree. On balance, those without a college degree also view Trump unfavorably, though by somewhat smaller margins.
Among whites who have not graduated from college, more hold a favorable (52%) than unfavorable (43%) view of Trump. By contrast, whites with a college degree view Trump more unfavorably than favorably by almost two-to-one (63%-33%).
There is an age gap among Republicans and Republican leaners in views of Trump: 89% of Republicans age 50 and older view Trump favorably, compared with a smaller majority (62%) of Republicans ages 18-49. Democrats and Democratic leaners hold broadly unfavorable views of Trump across age cohorts.
Views of Donald Trump's traits and characteristics
Donald Trump's low overall favorability rating is reflected in the public's assessments of his traits and characteristics.
While most (60%) call him patriotic, majorities also describe him as hard to like (68%), reckless (65%) and as having poor judgment (62%).
About half (52%) call Trump a strong leader, but the public is less likely to assign other positive characteristics to him. Fewer than half describe Trump as honest (41%), inspiring (41%) or well-qualified (37%). Only about three-in-ten call him moral (31%) and just 26% say that he is a good role model.
These views are little changed from October, when comparable shares of registered voters ascribed these characteristics to Trump before the election.
Large majorities of Republicans and Republican leaners say Trump is patriotic (89%), a strong leader (80%), well-qualified (75%), honest (73%) and inspiring (70%). Six-in-ten describe him as moral. Republicans are more closely divided over whether Trump is a good role model: 52% say that he is, while 42% say that he is not.
Overall, 36% of Republicans and Republican leaners describe Trump as reckless and 34% say he has poor judgment; majorities of Republicans say these two traits do not describe him. However, Republicans are divided over whether Trump is hard to like: 49% say he is, compared with 50% who say he is not.
Democrats and Democratic leaners are largely critical in their assessments of Trump's traits and characteristics. Fewer than half say that Trump is patriotic (42%) and just 28% say that he is a strong leader. Fewer than two-in-ten say any other positive characteristic included in the survey describes Trump.
At the same time, large majorities of Democrats say that Trump has poor judgment (87%), is reckless (87%) and is hard to like (85%).
Most say Trump has done too little in distancing from white nationalists
In response to controversial support Trump received during the campaign from some white nationalist groups, 54% of Americans say he has done too little to distance himself from these groups. Fewer (31%) say he has done about the right amount to distance himself from white nationalist groups, while just 6% say he has done too much.
Fully 75% of Democrats say that Trump has done too little to distance himself from white nationalist groups. Most Republicans (57%) say he has done about the right amount to distance himself from the support he received from some white nationalist groups; 31% of Republicans say he has done too little.
Across age groups, those ages 18-29 are the most likely to say Trump has not done enough to distance himself from white nationalist groups: 68% of those under 30 say this, compared with 55% of those ages 30-49, 50% of those 50-64 and 44% of those ages 65 and older.
Those with higher levels of education are more likely than those with lower levels to say Trump has not done enough to distance himself from white nationalist groups. For example, 73% of postgraduates say this compared with 47% of those with no college experience.
Among whites, college graduates are more likely to say Trump has not done enough to distance himself from white nationalists groups (64%) than to say he has done about the right amount (28%). Among whites who have not graduated from college, about as many says Trump has not done enough (46%) as say he has done about the right amount (43%).
Concerns about Trump and conflicts of interest
A majority of the public says they are concerned that Trump has relationships with organizations, businesses or foreign governments that conflict with his ability to serve the country's best interests.
Overall, 65% say they are either very (45%) or somewhat (20%) concerned that Trump's ties to group conflict with his ability to serve the country's best interests; 34% say they are not too (14%) or not at all (20%) concerned about this.
Democrats are far more likely to express concern on this issue than Republicans. Seven-in-ten Democrats and Democratic leaners say they are very concerned that Trump's relationships could conflict with his ability to serve the country's best interests; an additional 22% are somewhat concerned.
By contrast, most Republicans and Republican leaners (68%) say they are not too (27%) or not at all (41%) concerned about Trump's ties. About three-in-ten (31%) are at least somewhat concerned that Trump's relationships conflict with his ability to serve.
Among Republicans, those ages 18-49 are about twice as likely as those 50 and older to say they are at least somewhat concerned that Trump's relationships conflict with his ability to serve the country's best interests (46% vs. 21%).
Views of the role Trump's adult children will play in administration
After playing a prominent role in his general election campaign, the public has mixed views on how much influence Trump's adult children will have within his administration. Overall, 39% say they will have too much influence, while an identical 39% say they will have about the right amount of influence. Relatively few (15%) say that Trump's adult children will have too little influence on his administration.
Two-thirds of Republicans and Republican leaners (66%) say Trump's adult children will have about the right amount of influence in his administration. By contrast, 59% of Democrats and Democratic leaners think they will have too much influence.
Among Democrats, college graduates are much more likely than those with no college degree to say that Trump's adult children will have too much influence in his administration (81% vs. 47%). Among Republicans, there is little difference in views on this question across levels of education.
Today I'm very excited to announce the release of ebook versions of Ammon Hennacy's autobiography: both his original The Autobiography of a Catholic Anarchist and his later, revised The Book of Ammon .
Hennacy, in keeping with his anarchist principles, released both books free from copyright protection. Honoring this decision, these new ebook versions are free of charge and in the public domain.
Click on the book covers below to go to a page where you can download these ebooks. Here are instructions for how to transfer the books to your ebook reader of choice.
Months of work have gone into these new editions: polishing up the syntax of Hennacy's roughly-edited originals, improving the typography, adding metadata and convenient navigation, and so forth. Thanks in particular to Ken Freeland, who went over the book sentence by sentence, stubbornly fighting against Hennacy's comma-aversion.
If you'd like a refresher about whom this Ammon Hennacy character is, try these Picket Line entries:
Black Desert Online is a great looking game and will likely test many computers when it comes to maximizing frame rates. Despite that, there's a generous set of options available to customize how the game looks and it's relatively well optimized. Pearl Abyss have used a variety of graphical techniques to make the game look good when it's primarily the result of filters and blur effects. In this guide and similarly to those I've done in the past for games such as WildStar and Witcher III, I'll try to keep things as simple as possible. The aim: improving your frames per second, while maintaining graphical quality.
My System
1. i5 2500K overclocked to 4.3ghz
2. GTX 970
3. 8gb DDR3
4. 120GB SSD
5. 1920x1080 resolution
6. Nvidia 361.91 drivers
7. All settings “maxed”
FPS range from 45 to 60 depending on player number/location.
Available Options
By pressing Escape, and selecting Settings, you will be able to access the Display Settings for Black Desert Online. As the first tab under “screen” there are a variety of settings available and on the lower right it will display your frame rate.
Game Window Settings
Full Screen: Forces Black Desert Online into Full Screen. By choosing this option your ability to alt+tab to your desktop is limited as each time you do it, you'll be asked to full screen the game again after minimizing. There's no frame rate gain using this option and for convenience, I'd recommend Full Screen Windowed.
Full Screen Windowed: Full Screen Windowed allows Black Desert Online to be played Full Screen, without bordering, but with the ability to quickly and easily alt+tab to your desktop. Doing this won't affect the game and you'll be able to switch between the two without any issues. Choosing this option results in no loss of frame rate and is my recommended choice.
Windowed Mode: Played in a window (you're effectively playing it on your desktop) you can quickly switch between your desktop programs and the game. It looks fairly awful with the border and has always felt relatively redundant due to the speed of Full Screen Windowed.
Texture Quality
Low, Medium and High (left to right). Open in new tab to view as full screen.
This option directly affects characters in the game world, as well as textures on terrain and objects. With three options available (low, medium, high and ultra) it makes a huge difference to the game world and those in it. Interestingly, making adjustments to the options seems to have no impact on your character, only NPC's and other objects. Although it will have some effect on your frame rates - certainly in busy cities - for the most part I noticed no difference and my frame rate sat happily at 59-60 in the Western Guard Camp regardless of its setting. Between High and Very High there's no noticeable difference but a significant one between low, medium and high. If you can, use high for the best of all four options.
Graphic Quality
Antialiasing off (left) and on (right). Open in new tab to view as full screen.
Anti-aliasing: Effectively smoothing out “jaggy” edges on objects and characters, the differences between off and on are pretty noticeable. I'd recommend you turn it on and although there's no ability to customize how much anti-aliasing you want (x2, x4, x8) the default is fairly effective. I noticed no frame rate loss with it on.
Depth of Field: This only effects cutscenes and when you hide your user interface (ctrl+u). It's purely down to your own taste as to whether you like it on, but it is does look rather effective and is intended to focus your attention during specific moments. It has no impact on frame rates.
Show Blood: If you're squeamish, turn it off. If you aren't, leave it on. The blood splatter in Black Desert Online looks rather good and it has no impact on your frame rate.
Without (left) and with SSAO(right). Open in new tab to view as full screen.
SSAO: Known as screen space ambient occlusion, it's a rendering technique for efficiently approximating the computer graphics ambient occlusion effect in real time. Simply put and certainly in Black Desert Online, it makes shadowing against objects and terrain look good. Visually there's a huge difference in how it makes the game look and it's a must-have and for the sake of a few frames (roughly 2-3) it's well worth having.
Show Blood On Screen: Doing what it says, this option allows things such as blood splatter to strike the screen when you take damage or hit enemies. It makes combat that bit more visceral and it's worth having.
Without Screen Filter (left) and with (right). Mostly noticable on trees in the distances and around their edges. Open in new tab to view as full screen.
Screen Filter: This adds a blur effect to distance objects. It adds no real strain to your hardware but reduces some of the harder edges on distant scenery. Turn it on.
High-end Mode: This is the one setting that has a huge impact on your frame rate. It effectively halves mine and yet its benefits aren't entirely clear. Although I can't see any differences visually (in terms of graphical quality) the one thing it does impact on is draw distance and it reduces objects “popping” into game from afar. If you've a very good computer and graphics card, I'd highly recommend you turn it on. If you don't, you'll notice pop-up but you'll also have much better frame rates.
Show Attack: A simple option that adds a very minor graphical prompt when attacked or attacking. There's no impact on your frame rates, so it's entirely down to you. I leave it on.
Optimization Options
Crop Mode set to 50%
Crop Mode: This effectively allows you to reduce the resolution of Black Desert Online into its own seperate window, within the screen. You can make the game screen as small as you like, with smaller cropping increase your frames per second. It will help your frame rate, but it's not particularly great on the eye as the game then has a border. I'd honestly recommend you leave this alone.
Upscale: In simple terms, Upscaling downgrades your graphical quality while keeping it at the same resolution. You'll still be running the game at, say, 1980x1080 but it'll be rendered much lower (say 800x600). It makes the image very poor, but does improve frame rates considerable. One to avoid unless you like looking at pretty poor graphics.
Remove Other's Lanterns: It does what it says on the tin. At night time people get their lanterns out and it can cause heavy lighting effects. I have this turned off because I actually dislike seeing everyone light up the area, and it reduces any frame rate loss because of it. The game looks so much better with it off.
Remove Distant Player Effects: Honestly, unless you like seeing the spell effects of other players from far away, just turn this off. It's an unnecessary strain on your computer for no reason.
Remove Other's Effects: This turns off all player effects. It will improve your frame rates, certainly in starter areas (so it's worth considering then) but for an overall “feel” I'd recommend leaving it on. It's somewhat bizarre seeing a Wizard cast spells but seeing nothing appear, even if you're next to them and as a result, can kill your immersion.
Notable Mentions
An example of the "evening" Photo Filter.
Photo Filter: This acts similarly to SweetFX or similar programs and adds a filter to Black Desert Online. The default filter (Vibrance) is undoubtedly the best although having “none” also still looks good.
Vision Range: Technically your field of view, increasing this allows you to zoom out much further and brings the default camera further back. I set mine to maximum.
Recommendations
Low Spec System (Single, Dual, or Triple Core CPU's with 4-6GB RAM/2GB Video RAM)
Game Window Settings: Full Screen
Screen Resolution: Choose your native resolution
Texture Quality: High
Graphic Quality: Medium
Advanced Graphics Options
Anti-Aliasing: Your GPU's core speed will make the biggest difference here. Have a good graphics card? Turn this on.
SSAO: As above.
Depth of Field: ON
Show Blood: ON
Show blood on display: ON
Screen Filter: ON
High-End Mode: OFF
"Crop Mode": OFF
Upscale: OFF
Remove Other's Lanterns: Checked (OFF)
Remove Other's Effects: Checked (OFF)
Camera Effects: OFF
Photo Filter: Leave as default
Medium Spec System (4 CPU Cores with 4-8GB RAM/3-4GB Video RAM)
Game Window Settings: Full Screen
Screen Resolution: Choose your native resolution
Texture Quality: High
Graphic Quality: High
Advanced Graphics Options
Anti-Aliasing: ON
SSAO: ON
Depth of Field: ON
Show Blood: ON
Show blood on display: ON
Screen Filter: ON
High-End Mode: OFF
"Crop Mode": OFF
Upscale: OFF
Remove Other's Lanterns: Checked (OFF)
Remove Other's Effects: Un-Checked (ON)
Camera Effects: ON
Photo Filter: Leave as default
High Spec System (6-64 CPU Cores with 8+GB RAM/4-12GB of Video RAM)
Just max everything!
Have some tips on how to improve Black Desert Online's frame rates? Know some tweaks? Let me know in comments below and I'll add them here.
Click here for a special Black Desert Online purchase offer available exclusively to Ten Ton Hammer viewers and play today!
To any new readers, up to chapter 8 the writing isn't the best, so please forgive me for the lack of quality, I was never the best at writing stories, mostly ones that include dialogue because I just spam the story with it. So, enjoy the fic!
.
Chapter 1: When Fate is Victorious
It was early in the morning. The suns rays were weak as they descend to the stone pathway. This place wasn't a place you would be familiar with, in fact, this is a whole different world. The pathway stretched towards an old ruin. There, on top of the ruins, stood two people. One looked very confused while the other was facing away and had a serious look on his face.
"I'm leaving, Rem." one of them said, "I'm not coming back."
This boy, he came from another world, a world unknown to anyone but very few. With his arrival in this world, he was given a power, a power that allows him to Return by death. This boys name was Natsuki Subaru.
"Subaru-kun?"
The other person called out, her voice was sweet and had a worrying tone, she was confused. This girl was wearing a maids outfit, she had short blue hair that concealed her right eye. She was holding a basket of appas. This girl, her name was Rem, she was a maid of the Roswall Mansion, she also happens to be an oni.
"I said I'm leaving!"
Subaru repeated his words but in a more serious tone.
"But why?" Rem asked, confused about what he meant. She then lets out a gasp. "D-Did Rem upset Subaru-kun in someway! Subaru-kun? Please, tell Rem if she did something wrong, Rem will make it up to you, Rem will do anything!"
With that his face turns into one that saw death straight in the face, he knew it all too well, he knew she would do anything for him, even throwing her life away, and he didn't want that.
"Its all my fault."
His tone of voice becomes remorseful
"Subaru-kun?"
"Its all because of me, because I couldn't do anything."
"Subaru-kun, what do you mean."
Rem, still puzzled by his sudden declaration, continues to question him.
"All the bad things that happened, Its all my fault, I know it is."
"So if I leave the rest of you can be safe."
The White Whale it attacked us because it was attracted to me, the witch cultist they attacked us because they were attracted to me. The puppy in the village, it probably came because it was attracted to me. All of it, it was because of me... It's all my fault.
"No... Subaru-kun, please."
"I have to, there's no other choice."
"There has to be, please don't leave... Please don't leave Rem."
Subaru will reject any method that involves other people risking their lives, he is ok with just risking his life, as long as everyone else lives, he doesn't care.
"I don't want to see anyone else suffer because of my powerlessness."
"Then let Rem help!"
"NO!" he suddenly raised his voice and glares at her.
"But Rem has to go with you"
"If you come with me then you'll die, then there would no point in me running away."
That's what he thought, if he ran away with Rem, she would be endangered, maebest will constantly be a threat because of Subaru. If Rem goes away with Subaru, she probably won't be able to see Ram ever again. When the mansion gets attacked by the witch cult. Everyone would die, if Rem finds out that Ram died then she might just kill herself. Subaru didn't want that. If Rem stayed in the mansion before the attack they just might have a chance. He held on to that chance.
"So Why..." Subaru mutters, and Rem heard it.
"Subaru-kun?"
"Why, why do you want to come with me? I've just been a burden to you, to Ram, to Emilia."
"No, you have-"
"Yes, I have! You never needed me in the mansion, all I did was distract you and Ram from your work"
"But..."
"Because of me, Emilia was humiliated during the meeting for the Royal Selection!"
"Subaru-kun..."
Because of me, soo many people died, even if no one remembers
He went back at the thought of the massacred village, and it filled him with despair. He turned to face Rem.
"So why? Why do you want to follow me, TELL ME WHY!?"
"..."
"Is it because Roswall told you to!"
"..."
"It is, isn't it..."
"..."
"No... that's not why"
"Then why?"
"Its... because... Rem cannot bear the thought of Subaru-kun in danger"
She hesitated a bit, she wasn't sure if she should tell him.
"If Subaru-kun goes alone, he will surely perish, Rem doesn't want that"
"Well, I don't care, I'm still leaving and I won't let you come with me, or anyone for that matter."
Subaru refuses her reason and begins to walk away, slowly.
"No... Subaru-kun..." she starts to follow him, but he abruptly stops.
"Go back, Emilia doesn't need me, no one needs me, I cant do anything, I'll only cause problems"
"But, what about Rem, Rem needs you"
He stops, but without turning he says
"No, you don't."
That hit Rem like a rock, she immediately objects it.
"Yes, I do!"
"WHY, so you and Nee-sama won't have to do as much work!"
"NO... Rem needs you because..."
"BECAUSE REM LOVES YOU"
"..."
He made no reaction. He already knew what she was going to say, that's why he showed no reaction, no, he had no reaction because his mind was completely clouded with a scene he never wanted to see again. The moment Rem tried to save him, the moment she got killed, its all because of him, he blamed himself for it all. With that, he fell to his knees still facing away from Rem.
Rem was shocked but didn't move from her position, she shut her eyes until she heard a faint noise.
"No..."
He asks quietly, his voice was drowned by his emotions, it was barely audible.
"Subaru-kun?" Rem calls out to him.
"Why," he says it, still in a low voice but it was enough for Rem to hear
"I'm nothing"
She was shocked.
"No... Subaru-kun..."
"There is nothing to love about me"
"Yes there is"
She instantly rebukes his statement, that made his heart hurt, he knows too well that he is incapable of doing anything, and he accepts that. He is just a shut-in NEET whos all talk.
"What! What is there to love, my powerlessness, my foolishness!"
He spits out those words, his voice slowly grew bitter. Rem flinches at his bitterness.
"Subaru-kun might be weak and foolish at times... but despite that, he tries his best to help everyone, even if it cost his own life"
"no..."
"When we were in the forest, you risked your life so Rem and Nee-sama can escape"
"No... if Roswall wasn't there we would have all died, I barely did anything..."
"If Subaru-kun wasn't in the forest Rem and Nee-sama wouldn't have survived"
"The reason you went in the forest, was because of me..."
He blamed it all on himself, it was him that caused the problem, he doesn't want to be praised because of it.
"When we were saving that girl, Subaru-kun risked his life to save Rem"
"..."
"And when Subaru-kun woke up, he was happy Rem was safe, he didn't care about his injuries, and he told Rem things that Rem wanted to hear the most"
"I... no..."
"Subaru-kun melted Rems frozen heart, the one that was frozen during the fiery night when Rem had lost almost everything"
"stop..."
He knew he was utterly worthless, so he kept refusing her words.
"And that's why I love Subaru-kun"
There was silence,
"But I'm useless, I'm worthless, I hate myself"
"No matter, ill still love Subaru-kun"
"Even if you get killed because of me"
"Yes"
"But why..." his voice grew weak.
"Because your my hero Subaru-kun"
He had enough, he didn't want to risk her life for his own well-being. He had to make her go back.
"Rem, Go back to the mansion"
"Rem won't leave you"
"If you love me, go back to the mansion... and live..."
"But if Rem leaves, Rem may never see Subaru-kun ever again"
"I'll come back when I feel like it" He sounded grim.
"But..."
"GO NOW"
His voice then became hoarse. He lifts himself off the ground, still facing the other way.
"If... if you say so... Subaru-kun..."
With that Rem starts to walk down the stairs, Subaru couldn't see it but he knew Rem was crying, he could hear faint sobs from her direction. Her heart was probably. He heard one last thing before she left.
"Rem... Rem is sorry she was too weak to help you."
He then felt a sharp pain in his heart...
That seems like a good place to put a cliffhanger don't you think?
Well, it turned out better than I thought it would, seems this is my first time making one, but I did do a whole month of planning in my mind before actually saying to myself hey, you've got the skills for it so why not try, there's no harm in it right?
Just saying, the hardest part of this chapter was thinking about the Title, I mean I was never that good at naming things, took me like one whole day of none stop thinking to get GO, I know... (edit: I changed it now, after 3 weeks that is...)
Anyway, Hope you enjoyed, I'm aiming for an 8 - 10-chapter stories, I've planned out the whole story so don't worry about some sort of hiatus.
Shouts to: Middle Name Redacted, Youtuberz, my other fav authors for Insp. me to make some fanfics
I'm open to criticism, Please criticize as much as you like, please I'm begging you.
If you have any suggestions please tell me some.
See ya next time, Update speeds may vary so ye...
On Steve Harris - "Steve Harris would make an effort to come up to my house in South East London and we would go through basic drum parts. I have never done that before. I never actually sort of knocked it down to where you only have the bass and drums so you are building a rhythm section, then we would rehearse with the whole band back in the East end."
On Dennis Willcock - “I thought at the time when I first joined it was a joint effort of both Steve Harris and Dennis Wilcock. Dennis being the singer, he was the man at the time responsible for the logos and stuff like that. The Iron Maiden type face that Iron Maiden still uses to this day was formulated back in those days, we are talking 1977. And Dennis, he had such a large input into the band at the time. I really did think that the two of them were co-running as it were.
Iron Maiden Audition - “I answered an ad and auditioned much like many other drummers sitting in a corridor with non-stop drummers all the way down... NEXT... NEXT and I got the gig. They also advertised for a keyboard player at the same time and that's when this guy Tony Moore came on board and that was it. The lineup was myself, Steve Harris, a singer named Dennis Willcock, a guitarist named Terry Wapram, and Tony Moore on keyboards." See the advert in Melody maker he answered below.
Jimmy Kay asked Barry if he would ever release the tapes of the 1977 Iron Maiden rehearsal - "“Who knows, I have put these 30 second bursts on my Facebook and the kind of interest it generated is quite phenomenal, there are certain people saying that they look on it as the heavy metal holy grail to have something such as that, a 1977 recording of those songs. There is no way I can go out and release them because I could imagine the full force of Iron Maiden's legal team would come down on me because the songs there in contain Steve Harris compositions. However, I own the tape. I own my performance on that tape. However I don't own the copyright of the songs."
THUNDERSTICK'S NEW ALBUM
Thunderstick is currently raising money for his forthcoming 2017 album. Take a look at his Pledge page and see how you can become part of Iron Maiden's Legacy, you can even get your name on the album cover - take a look here Thunderstick Pledge
A 25-year-old man is facing multiple charges after the vehicle he was driving mounted the curb and fatally struck a 73-year-old man in Toronto's Cabbagetown neighbourhood on Monday.
The collision happened just after 7:00 a.m. at the intersection of Dundas Street and Sherbourne Street.
Toronto police said a black Honda CRX was traveling southbound on Sherbourne at a high rate of speed when it mounted the sidewalk and struck two pedestrians.
A 49-year-old man was taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries, but the 73-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene.
The driver of the vehicle, identified as Jonathan Power, was placed into custody.
Police announced on Tuesday he has been charged with dangerous driving cause death, dangerous driving cause bodily harm and driving without a licence.
The accused was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday.
Police are encouraging members of the public who may have witnessed the crash or have surveillance video in the area to come forward.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 416-808-1900 or Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-TIPS (8477).
Golfer disqualifies himself six days after tournament
Blayne Barber (Photo: Auburn)
Blayne Barber made the cut by five strokes in the first stage of the PGA's rigorous Q-school, moving him onto the next round of qualifying to earn his tour card. Yet something was nagging at him.
The former Auburn golfer was thinking about the penalty he took in the bunker of the 13th hole at Callaway Gardens in Georgia. Barber thought he brushed a leaf while in the trap and immediately penalized himself.
His brother, who was serving as his caddy, said he hadn't seen the leaf move. Barber assessed the one-shot penalty anyway, then told his playing partners of the violation. But while discussing the incident with a former college teammate after the round, he learned that moving a leaf in a bunker is a two-stroke penalty, not one.
Barber's brother insisted the leaf hadn't moved, so Blayne played the next two rounds. He was unable to shake the thoughts of what happened in that bunker.
"I continued to pray about it and think about it, and I just did not have any peace about it," Barber told GolfWeek. "I knew I needed to do the right thing. I knew it was going to be disqualification."
He called the PGA six days later to disqualify himself for signing an improper scorecard.
"I just feel peace about it," he said
1. After learning of the rule, an ethical man like Barber had no wiggle room. No matter whether he touched the leaf or not, he had still signed an incorrect scorecard. He either didn't touch the leaf and should have been assessed no penalty or he touched the leaf and would have had a two-stroke penalty. That's not to diminish his sportsmanship at all (we'll get to that), but the true error was in the assessment of the rule. His caddy and playing partners owe him a round or seven for not alerting him to this fact.
2. We often hear of stories like this in golf, so there's a tendency to think all golfers are virtuous beacons of sportsmanship. And I'd say that most are. Still, I wonder how many Q schoolers wouldn't have had an attack of conscience and would have let the leaf thing slide? We'd never know if so.
3. In the NFL, Pete Carroll can continue to insist that Golden Tate caught the ball in the end zone even though everyone in America knows otherwise. In golf, an unknown player can't rest for six days because he thinks he may have moved a leaf in a bunker.
4. While laying awake and thinking of similar penalties missed, I realized I shot a 118 last weekend and not the 94 on my card.
5. The worst part of all: Barber would have still advanced even with the two-stroke penalty.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/RKCH8F
Sometime in the mid-1950s, Chinese President Xi Jinping's father, Xi Zhongxun, met the young Dalai Lama of Tibet in Peking, and the two became friends. The Dalai Lama gifted the senior Xi a watch, which he was still wearing in 1980 when an envoy of the by-now middle-aged Dalai Lama, now resident of McLeodganj in Himachal Pradesh, met him in Beijing. In the intervening years, Xi Zhongxun had been purged by Mao's revolutionaries and his son sent to live in a cave to look after pigs. But Xi Zhongxun survived and his son rose through the ranks of the all-powerful Communist Party of China.
This week, en route to the US to celebrate his 80th birthday on July 6 with the powerful Tibetan community in California, the ageing Dalai Lama told india today in an exclusive interview that he would like to go home to Tibet-as well as meet his friend Xi Zhongxun's son, President Xi Jinping.
Some would say that the Dalai Lama's overtures to the Chinese government, through this frank interview, constitutes his most direct statement of interest to reopen talks with Beijing. Certainly, the Tibetan leader is pleading for an honourable settlement for his people, who have been coarsened and brutalised in the decades since the Chinese forcibly took over the province in 1950.
Others would argue that the Dalai Lama is indirectly admitting that he has few cards left. Or that he is laying them all on the table, in the full knowledge that China has become richer and much more powerful since he fled to India in 1959. The strategic set may contend that that is hardly a smart move; on the other hand a spiritual leader is hardly expected to anticipate the chess manoeuvres of a Communist leader who, in the last two years since he became president, has also assumed the six other most important positions in the Chinese military, party, economy and state.
If this were a direct contest between Tenzin Gyatso, Tibetan Buddhism's holiest man, and Xi Jinping, the contest would surely be over before it started. But what is fascinating in this most unusual challenge is that the Dalai Lama has not only refused to treat the Chinese as his bitter adversary, he is in fact counting on the support of the growing numbers of "outwardly atheist but inwardly spiritual" Chinese Buddhists in civilian as well as military circles-400 million, according to him, and growing-to tilt the balance just enough so as to give him and the Tibetans a real chance.
Meanwhile, the Chinese continue to reserve a special anger against this elderly monk in maroon robes. They have called him all kinds of names. They have put pressure on governments bullied civil societies and threatened NGOs with revocation of aid if they host him, or worse, allow him to propagate spectacularly absurd mush like peace and happiness and brotherhood. But the Dalai Lama, even in his 80th year, continues to be treated like a rock star, feted alike by influential people like Barack Obama, Richard Gere and Desmond Tutu.
Truth is, just as the Dalai Lama has virtually single-handedly, transformed a broken movement-in-exile in 1959 to one recognised by the world today as having legitimate aspirations, he is also the only person in the world who can upset the Chinese where it hurts, in its soft underbelly.
"Despite the fact that he left Tibet so many decades ago, the Dalai Lama continues to have a large following inside Tibet. The Communist Party leadership simply cannot accept another organisation or leader beside itself which has such a genuine mass following," says a former Indian ambassador to China who did not want to be identified.
MANN KI BAAT WITH THE MONK
Interestingly, the only major leader in the free world who seems to be as circumspect as the Chinese about the Dalai Lama is Prime Minister Narendra Modi. A meeting between the two on August 20, 2014, ahead of Xi Jinping's September visit to Delhi is believed to have gone off badly. Indian sources told india today that the Dalai Lama was "virtually kidnapped," put into an unmarked car with dark window shades as it drove into 7, Race Course Road, the PM's official residence, that evening.
Asked about the meeting, the Dalai Lama laughed, but refused to say anything. As the sources put it, he was "visibly shaken" by the encounter. It seems Modi didn't come out to receive him-unlike other PMs in the past. Moreover, he spoke to him in Hindi, which was translated into English. The Dalai Lama replied in English. They talked about a variety of things, including China.
Monks take part in a prayer during the Dalai Lama's 80th birthday celebrations in McLeodGanj. Monks take part in a prayer during the Dalai Lama's 80th birthday celebrations in McLeodGanj.
It seems the Dalai Lama, his advisers and a Hong Kong-based Chinese businessman friend had been discussing a possible meeting between the Dalai Lama and Xi during the latter's Delhi visit. It is believed the government wasn't too happy with these developments and had made its views known to the Dalai Lama's people.
Certainly, many things have changed in the new New Delhi. For a start, the new PM recognises the need to reconcile the leftovers of history and make good with India's largest neighbour. The PM also knows that a sustainable relationship with China cannot ignore the presence of the Dalai Lama and the Tibetan community-in-exile in India. Not because of the so-called "Tibet card" in India's diplomatic arsenal-which has been so watered down by Delhi over the decades since the Dalai Lama arrived- but because the Chinese leadership sees the Tibetan spiritual leader as a veritable red rag to its predominantly Communist Party identity.
It is widely acknowledged that the Dalai Lama's escape in 1959 only aggravated the already deteriorating relationship between India and China, leading to the 1962 border conflict and several consequent decades of tension. But as China rises again, nationalist feeling against the distinctive but dissenting cultures of Tibet and Xinjiang is only growing. "China's main problem with the Dalai Lama is that it wants him to accept that Tibet has always been an integral part of China. No Dalai Lama can accept that, as this is historically debatable," says Nalin Surie, a former envoy to China.
HINDI-CHINI BHAI BHAI 2.0
In his August 2014 meeting with the Dalai Lama, perhaps Modi believed that the beautiful new relationship he was about to forge with Xi would be unnecessarily damaged by an 80-year-old Tibetan leader the Chinese love to hate, who happens to be living in his country. Whatever the truth, Modi's subsequent conversations with the Chinese leadership in Ahmedabad, Delhi, Xi'an and Beijing are said to have given him a proper insider's perspective into the highly complex relationship with his big and powerful neighbour.
The Chinese are certainly keen on ramping up much-needed economic investment in India. But in recent years they have refused to consider a "status quoist, as-is-where-is solution" on the boundary dispute-that is, India and China keep the territories under their present control, Arunachal Pradesh and Aksai Chin respectively, as was twice contemplated in the past by Zhou Enlai and Deng Xiaoping-and insisted that any deal with India must incorporate Tawang, plus some additional territory from Arunachal Pradesh.
Certainly, only a strong government with a large majority can politically afford to cede territory to China. During the Atal Bihari Vajpayee era, talk of a "soft border" between Tawang and Tibet-similar to the proposal to transform the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir into a "soft border"-often surfaced, which soon died a natural death. Since 2003, 18 rounds of border talks between representatives of the two governments have taken place, but to no avail. In the interim, China's economy has grown by leaps and bounds, transforming not only the eastern Chinese seaboard but also the hinterland within. With the train from Beijing to Lhasa beginning its first run in 2006, the Communist Party moved to populate Tibet's towns with Han Chinese.
Then, in August 2013, the Indian Air Force landed the C-130J Hercules aircraft at Daulat Beg Oldi, the highest landing ground in the world, on the frontier with China in the Ladakh sector, near the theatre of the 1962 war. "The move sent shivers down China's spine," a retired Indian diplomat said. Other airstrips not used since the 1962 debacle were resurrected, at Chushul in the western sector and Tezpur in the eastern sector, where a squadron of Sukhoi fighter jets was placed.
"Question is,"asked a retired foreign secretary, "how do you play the game with the much more powerful Chinese, with a weak hand? The answer is to put in place a strike capability the Chinese are also aware of."
Former foreign secretary Shyam Saran, also a Mandarin speaker, believes the Dalai Lama has "brought back to India a unique spiritual heritage which had dissipated in the intervening centuries. We cannot calculate the Dalai Lama's value or importance in political gains or losses. After so many years here, I can proudly say that he is now also owned by India".
It seems Modi and BJP President Amit Shah, who cancelled a last-minute meeting with the Dalai Lama on the eve of Modi's visit to China in May, have since rethought their hardline views. For the Tibetan leader's June 21 celebrations in McLeodganj, Modi sent Union Minister for Culture Mahesh Sharma and Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju. "The government would like to reassure His Holiness that it holds him in the highest esteem", Sharma said.
Towards the end of his interview with india today, the Tibetan leader indicated that he could, indeed, be the last of the Dalai Lamas, the very end or "ceasing" of the line. So much better, he said, to end the 600-year old institution with him ("who is quite popular") than continue "to the 15th Dalai Lama who may turn out to be a disgrace".
The Dalai Lama laughed his childlike laugh following his own remarks, but he seemed dead serious. Perhaps he was making these remarks with an eye to Beijing, so as to deny them the opportunity to subvert another sacred institution.
In this game of shadow-boxing with China, perhaps the Dalai Lama stands no chance at all. But the fact remains that he is still around at 80, smiling and laughing and exhorting his audience to focus on the messages of the Nalanda philosophers such as Nagarjuna. Perhaps that is the real value of him spending all these years in India, and elsewhere in the free world.
Follow the writer on Twitter @jomalhotra
President Obama and Mitt Romney attended the Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation dinner in New York City last night and both gave speeches which happened to coincide with the broadcast of The Rachel Maddow Show. Evidently, Mitt Romney didn't understand the type of speech he was supposed to give because he was too rigid and unable to relax enough to poke much fun at himself. Romney used President Obama as the punch line for too many of his jokes; eight compared to three used by President Obama with Mitt Romney as the punch line.
I have to say, considering the fact that the final debate on Monday night will be about foreign policy, I think this line, especially the part I have put in bold, was President Obama's best line.
Monday's debate is a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy. Spoiler alert: We got bin Laden. (Laughter and applause.) Of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate. After -- some of you guys remember, after my foreign trip in 2008, I was attacked as a celebrity because I was so popular with our allies overseas. And I have to say, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has avoided that problem. (Laughter and applause.)
During a particularly bitchy session of Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday, David Cameron and the Labour leader Ed Miliband volleyed slurs on each other's character and record in front of a packed, jeering chamber. Miliband, Cameron said, was “incompetent.” Cameron, Miliband replied, was “desperate.” It was fairly feeble stuff—“Yo Momma” for posh wonks—until Miliband, even before he said it, betrayed that he had the best line coming with a smirk of anticipatory relish. “So, Mr. Speaker,” he said, “we're all keen to hear the Prime Minister's view as to why he thinks, four weeks on from the budget, even people within Downing Street are calling it an ‘omnishambles' budget.” It was, as The New Statesman noted, the first recorded use in the House of Commons of “omnishambles.” The insult of the week, it derives from the British political sitcom “The Thick of It,” a creation of Armando Iannucci, the subject of a recent Profile by Ian Parker. (Iannucci has a new show, “Veep,” set in Washington, D.C., beginning tonight on HBO.) On the show, a brilliantly slanderous Scotsman named Malcolm Tucker tells a claustrophobic co-worker who balks at using an elevator, “Jesus Christ, you're like a fucking Omnishambles, you are. You're like that coffee machine, you know? From bean to cup, you fuck up.” And You, Sir, Are an Omnishambles
I know it seems like a lifetime ago in this presidential race that seems like it's been going on forever, but how can anybody forget what a fiasco Romney's overseas visit was this summer? Seriously. I remember writing a diary in July about Harry Reid saying that Mitt Romney had embarrassed the United States, and himself, by going to London and insulting the British. And who can have already forgotten that the Brits gave us the hashtag #RomneyShambles , which is still alive and well on Twitter and was based upon a running joke in Britain called Omnishambles?I think it was absolutely brilliant of President Obama to mention Romney's terrible overseas trip just days before the debate about foreign policy and remind everybody about how Romney embarrassed himself on that trip. And also reminding people about how successful a similar trip was for President Obama in 2008. That coupled with the fact that President Obama pointed out that Romney's attempt to politicize the deaths in Benghazi was "offensive" during the most recent debate, and I'm looking forward to a brilliant debate on Monday night.
The New York Times has an overall summary of the two speeches that said they were equally good. The Washington Post also has a rundown. Both articles mention President Obama's bringing up Romney's disastrous trip overseas. Oh, and Al Smith trended on Twitter last night. Of course, right wingers claimed that Mitt Romney gave a brilliant performance. Other people; not so much.
This Al Smith dinner perfectly shows why Obama is so well liked and Romney is not. — Ellen Brodsky (@NewsHoundEllen) October 19, 2012
Just now getting to the Al Smith dinner -- Romney really didn't quite get the self-deprecating piece of this. Sort of funny but mostly petty — Bill Burton (@billburton716) October 19, 2012
If you missed the speeches at the Al Smith dinner tonight, take a peek below the fleur-de-orange where both are posted courtesy of The Rachel Maddow Show. Romney spoke first, but I gave President Obama the top billing he deserves.
Fox has made its first new series order this season, picking up its highest-profile project and drama front-runner The Gifted (fka untitled Marvel project), from writer Matt Nix and X-Men director Bryan Singer.
Written by Nix and helmed by Singer, The Gifted focuses on a suburban couple (Stephen Moyer, Amy Acker) whose ordinary lives are rocked by the sudden discovery that their children possess mutant powers. Forced to go on the run from a hostile government, the family joins up with an underground network of mutants and must fight to survive.
The action-adventure drama, which features characters from the X-Men comic book franchise, comes from 20th Century Fox TV and Marvel TV. With its pickup and Gotham looking likely to come back for another season, Fox would become a rare platform to feature Marvel and DC series co-existing alongside each other.
Nix executive produces The Gifted alongside Singer, Lauren Shuler Donner and Simon Kinberg of the feature X-Men franchise and Marvel TV's Jeph Loeb and Jim Chory.
Related2017 Fox Pilots
Co-starring in the series are Sean Teale, Jamie Chung, Coby Bell, Emma Dumont, Blair Redford, John Proudstar, Natalie Alyn Lind and Percy Hynes White.
The Gifted was one of the most buzzed-about Fox pilots this year, along with comedies Ghosted and LA -> Vegas, which also are expected to get picked up to series.
A must-visit site to collect big crystals of Almandine Garnet embedded in a matrix of mica schist is the classic Green's Farm location, in the rural beauty of Western Connecticut. The location is just a short drive from several metropolitan areas and has served as a fee collecting location for decades. For a VERY reasonable price of $5.00 per car, you can go to Green's Farm, park over towards the trees and begin your short trek into the woods to the large deposit of mica schist in the woods.
Here is one of the cleaned specimens of garnet and staurolite in schist matrix from the creator of Mindat.org, Jolyon Ralph's personal collection.
UPDATE EDIT NOV 11th 2012, just a couple weeks after this post was written: I have omitted the directions to this location, but leave the map up. The location has been sold and there have been no trespassing signs posted. The new landowners are not welcoming people to contact them and permission to collect at this location has been revoked. A sad fact, this is now a historical document. Who knows, it could always be resold to someone who appreciates keeping legacy going.
From the parking area it is just a quick walk through the woods…
To the “mine” which is a large area of mica schist filled with garnets and staurolite.
All over the area, garnets are simply sticking out everywhere you look.
In the tailings, there are tons of garnets, like the piece in the photo below.
Chunks of matrix like this one are all over the place. These little garnets are not as nice as the one below.
This sample shows that it has larger, solid garnets in the mixture of mica schist matrix. If you have a sand blaster, the mica schist comes off easily. If you do not have a sand blaster, you can simply try your luck splitting the matrix, sometimes you'll get lucky and have a single crystal like the one below!
This specimen just popped out of the matrix. It is not cleaned, it still has a lot of mica attached to the surface.
The Green's Farm Garnet location is a must-visit site for anyone who loves minerals and is in the area!
We are EXTREMELY grateful to the owners for keeping a classic site like this open and accessible for all these years!
Story highlights "If you object to that, you are in favor of pain, in favor of tragedy, and in favor of chaos, and that is un-American," Gorka said.
VOICE is tasked with serving victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants and will issue quarterly reports on "the effects of the victimization by criminal aliens present in the United States."
(CNN) Sebastian Gorka, deputy assistant to President Donald Trump, said Wednesday that objections to the newly created Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement office, or VOICE, are "un-American."
VOICE is tasked with serving victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants and will issue quarterly reports on "the effects of the victimization by criminal aliens present in the United States."
Trump mentioned the office -- created by executive order within the Department of Homeland Security -- during his address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday. Democrats in the chamber audibly groaned at its mention.
Gorka called the reaction 'disgusting' and 'un-American' during an interview with WPHT.
"Do I have to comment on that?" Gorka said. "It was so disgusting. We want to help the victims, the victims of crime, the victims of people who have already broken the law by being here. If you object to that, you are in favor of pain, in favor of tragedy, and in favor of chaos, and that is un-American."
Meet the ‘yankii,' the Japanese subculture that embraces American trashiness What junior high school you went to means everything Stephanie Buck Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 13, 2016
Tokyo yankii displaying national pride in 1985. (David A. Harvey/Getty)
This is the fourth article in our series on youth subcultures. Check out the installments on Zazous, Chongas, and Straight Edge. After the chaos of World War II, Japanese society swung back to the country's stereotypical uniformity. Except for the yankii, who openly rejected the rigidity of societal norms. It was a youth subculture based on rebellion and embracing of class distinctions. And it's still around today. Yankii began as a mostly working class and sometimes suburban youth movement that much of Japanese society still associates with juvenile delinquency. From adolescence, they embrace punkish rebellion and are often associated with Japan's infamous motorcycle gangs, “speed tribes” known as bōsōzoku. To “respectable” Japanese society, they're often seen the same way American coastal elites perceive “white trash” from the hinterlands. The etymology of the term “yankii” (pronounced yahn-kee) is contested. Some call it a corruption of the American “yankee,” but most agree the group only loosely adopted the moniker following Japan's first introduction to American G.I. culture — rock 'n' roll music and army/navy surplus clothes. Author Ikuya Sato's research points to a “general impression of vulgarity and gaudiness associated with Americans or American popular culture as a possible reason for the application of this term to a deviant sartorial style.”
Yankii posing with typical ‘unko suwari' swagger. (Wikimedia)
Yankii often dye their hair red or blonde and, if associated with bōsōzoku gangs, as many from the Kansai region are, wear long jackets embroidered with kanji characters that signify their group names and mottos. More recently, yankii women wear modified school uniforms, or miniskirts and platforms. In general, members can be seen posing in the unko suwari position, also known as the “shit squat.” Writes Sato, the “pervasive tone of their gatherings is boredom and the vague anticipation of something that may happen” — the prevailing tone of disaffected youth the world over. Yankii members tend to stay in tight-knit communities formed during middle school and maintained into adulthood. As they grew up in the late 1980s and early '90s, yankii men occasionally entered construction and teen women had children and dropped out of high school — both stereotypes that persist today. The young yankii mothers — yan mama — were often ostracized by other mother groups and struggled to assimilate to their new identities as parents. Thus, magazines like Yan Mama Comic sprung up in the early 1990s to serve a growing need of yankii families. Within a year of publication, Yan Mama Comic had reached of circulation of 120,000, helping to bond socially isolated communities of young mothers.
Bōsōzoku yankii girl gang. (Outsider Japan)
President Donald Trump's two sons Eric and Donald Jr. – now charged with running the family business – say they've canceled a billion dollars worth of foreign deals to prevent any conflict-of-interest pitfalls, as their father mans the White House for the next four years.
The Trump Organization killed a number of projects including the Trump Office Buenos Aires in Argentina, two hotel projects in Rio de Janeiro, the Trump International Hotel & Tower Baku in Azerbaijan, Trump Tower Batumi in Georgia and the Trump Riverwalk in Pune, India, according to the New York Times.
Other deals that were in the planning stages, including an office building in Dubai and properties in Israel, China, Australia and Vietnam, aren't happening now.
'I was the first person to raise my hand and say you should not do certain deals, as I understood the optics, as you can't build the tallest building in Tel Aviv and try to negotiate peace in the Middle East,' Eric Trump told the Times for a piece about the brothers forging ahead with the business.
Scroll down for video
President Donald Trump's sons - Donald Jr. (left) and Eric (right) - have canceled a number of proposed foreign projects in an effort to curb conflict-of-interest claims with the White House
The brothers have called off a billion dollars worth of foreign deals, though will continue doing business internationally, like attending the opening of the Trump International Golf Club Dubai
However, President Donald Trump has properties all around the world, including the Trump Towers, Istanbul, which could receive tax breaks and incentives from local governments
It was Eric Trump who also threw the out the billion dollar figure, though it could not be independently verified.
As for existing projects, the brothers will continue traveling around the world.
This Saturday, reports the Times, they will attend a ribbon cutting at a new 'magnificent golf course' in Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates.
A week later they'll head to Vancouver, British Columbia for the opening of a new Trump International Hotel and Tower.
Eric Trump recently traveled to the Dominican Republic to restart a stalled project from 2007, which had fallen victim to the financial crash.
The move invited controversy after President Trump promised before taking office that the company, now in the hands of his sons, wouldn't pursue any new deals abroad.
Eric Trump's travels to Uruguay last month also raised eyebrows when the Washington Post reported the business trip cost taxpayers nearly $100,000 in hotel bills for his Secret Service protection.
Democrats, and even some Republicans, believe that he continuation of the Trump Organization's business globally is going to be problematic.
Even if the Trump Organization doesn't ink new foreign deals, the pre-existing properties could receive tax breaks and other incentives from state and local governments, which could give off a whiff of pay-to-play, something that candidate Trump criticized rival Hillary Clinton for, in regards to the Clinton Foundation.
'People are going to offer them sweetheart deals,' Pete Schweizer, the conservative author who penned Clinton Cash, told the Times.
His book detailed how Clinton, as secretary of state, favored donors to her husband's charity.
'It is just the way it works, as it comes down to the fact that people want access to national leaders in the country, and unfortunately in the past, be it Billy Carter, Neil Bush or Roger Clinton, relatives become vehicles to accomplishing that,' Schweizer said.
[PATCH] dma-buf: Use EXPORT_SYMBOL
On Wed, 10 Oct 2012 08:56:32 -0700 Robert Morell <rmorell at nvidia.com> wrote: > EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL is intended to be used for "an internal implementation > issue, and not really an interface". The dma-buf infrastructure is > explicitly intended as an interface between modules/drivers, so it > should use EXPORT_SYMBOL instead. NAK. This needs at the very least the approval of all rights holders for the files concerned and all code exposed by this change. Also I'd note if you are trying to do this for the purpose of combining it with proprietary code then you are still in my view as a (and the view of many other) rights holder to the kernel likely to be in breach of the GPL requirements for a derivative work. You may consider that formal notification of my viewpoint. Your corporate legal team can explain to you why the fact you are now aware of my view is important to them. Alan
Hollywood actor Omar Sharif is suffering from Alzheimer's disease and struggles to remember his most famous films, his son has revealed.
The 83-year-old Egyptian-born actor, who shot to fame in 1962 when he starred in Lawrence of Arabia and later for his title role in Doctor Zhivago in 1965, has been struggling with the illness for the last three years.
His son Tarek El-Sharif has revealed his father has now retired from acting due to the illness, which has seen him confusing the names of his most famous films and forgetting where they were filmed.
He says his father knows he is a famous actor but confuses fans who come up to him for people he used to know whose names and faces he has forgotten.
Speaking to Spanish newspaper El Mundo, his son, who appeared in Doctor Zhivago as Yuri at the age of eight, said: "My father has Alzheimer's. It's difficult to determine what stage it's at. It's obvious he'll never improve and it will get worse.
"There are times of the day when he's better and others in which he feels confused.
"He knows who he is but not necessarily the reason people greet him. When someone seems him in the street and approaches him, he often thinks it's someone he used to know whose name and face he's forgotten when most of the time it's just a fan.
"He still knows he's a famous actor. The loss of memory affects above all specific things, details like when he was in a specific place or who he acted with in a specific film.
"He remembers for example that it was Doctor Zhivago but he's forgotten when it was filmed.
Omar Sharif and Julie Christie in 'Doctor Zhivago' (1965) PHOTO: Allstar Collection/MGM
"He can talk about the film but he forgets its name or he calls it something else instead like Lawrence of Arabia."
Mr El-Sharif, the only child of the star's marriage to his former wife Faten Hamama, says his father has not recognised he is ill and refuses to do exercises to slow its advance.
He revealed his father asks about his mother forgetting she died in January.
Sharif, whose performance in Lawrence of Arabia earned him a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor, admitted in an interview in July 2013 he tended to forget a lot of things but presented it as a positive thing because it meant he didn't dwell on the past or future and thought purely of the present.
But at the time a spokesperson for the the star dismissed claims he was struggling with Alzheimer's and dementia as "mere lies" and was just suffering from was extreme fatigue.
In one of his final films Sharif played an Alzheimer's sufferer in the 2009 French language film I Forgot To Tell You.
In preparing for the role, which charts the friendship between an elderly man and a young girl out of prison, he had gone into hospitals and interacted with patients who had the disease
He is currently spending most of his time in hotels in Eqypt and spends his time relaxing on his terrace after breakfast and listening to live music in the hotel bar at night time.
Sharif underwent triple bypass surgery in 1992, and suffered a mild heart attack in 1994. Until his bypass, he smoked 100 cigarettes a day.
Peter O'Toole and Omar Sharif in Lawrence in Arabia
Sharif, whose real name is Michel Demitri Chalhoub, took a degree in mathematics and physics at Cairo University and worked in his family's lumber business before turning to acting.
He converted to Islam in 1955 to marry Egyptian actress Faten Hamama, they had one child together before they divorced in 1974. He always maintained she was the love of his life and never remarried.
Aside from his acting career, he also has a reputation for being one of the world's best bridge players and had a regular column and wrote numerous books on the subject.
Sharif told the press in 2006 that he no longer played bridge, explaining, "I decided I didn't want to be a slave to any passion any more except for my work. I had too many passions, bridge, horses, gambling. I want to live a different kind of life, be with my family more because I didn't give them enough time."
He is also a Hull City fan and was awarded an honorary degree by the University of Hull in 2010.
DOINK THE CLOWN: The Man Behind the Paint, Matt Borne
As Doink the Clown, Matt Borne's legacy is a little complicated, to say the least, and there seems to be a clear pattern in his career path of missing the opportunity.
Author: Bobby Mathews / Editor: JP Zarka
Matt Borne- Before Doink the Clown
The son of Pacific Northwest mainstay “Tough” Tony Borne, the second-generation grappler's greatest success under his own name came early in his career in Mid-South wrestling, where he formed a three-man stable with Hacksaw Jim Duggan and Ted DiBiase. While Duggan would pursue the promotion's North American championship, Borne and DiBiase won the Mid-South tag titles.
Borne, already a polished performer despite only having a few years in the business at that point, was actually the first of those wrestlers to jump to the then-WWF. He worked underneath, largely jobbing out, but collecting some wins over other lower-card wrestlers. Borne appeared at the first WrestleMania, going on third in a losing effort to Ricky “the Dragon” Steamboat. But he didn't last long in the gimmick-heavy WWF, and soon he returned to the NWA.
There seems to be a clear pattern in Borne's career path: He was never in the right place at the right time. He wrestled in Jim Crockett Promotions in 1980, even winning the Mid-Atlantic tag titles with Buzz Sawyer, but left before the territory caught fire with Dusty Rhodes, Magnum TA, and the Rock-n-Roll Express. He left Georgia under murky circumstances–wrestling manager/historian Jim Cornette has alluded to a possible statutory rape charge against Borne–and he left Mid-South before it blew up with the Midnight Express vs. the Rock & Roll Express.
Once his first stint with the WWF was over, Borne went to Texas, one of the territories where his father had first found success. But things were tough in Texas. The white-hot Freebirds-Von Erichs feud was over, and houses were down. Fritz Von Erich had pulled the promotion out of the NWA and tried to make World Class its own entity. Borne still put in good work, managed by Percival Pringle III (you'll know him better as Paul Bearer) and winning the WCCW tag titles with his old friend Sawyer, as well as the promotion's secondary championship, the Texas heavyweight title.
Borne and Sawyer were involved in the angle that saw the Dingo Warrior (Jim Hellwig, in the days before he became WWE's Ultimate Warrior) turn babyface, which was one of the highlights of the dying WCCW brand, as the pair turned on Warrior during a six-man tag team match. Warrior became a babyface–the fans were dying to cheer him anyway–and the heel locker room could carry him in the ring a little better than the babyfaces could.
From late 1987-1990, it's harder to track Matt Borne's movements.
He'd wrestle here and there, but he was largely out of the public eye–and in fact, his time in the spotlight underneath his own gimmick was done. When he returned in 1991, it was as a brand-new character for World Championship Wrestling: Big Josh. Josh was a family-friendly character for WCW, a lumberjack and outdoorsman who danced with bears and debuted in the promotion as a friend of mid-carder Tommy “Wildfire” Rich. One of Borne's signature moves was a “log-roll” where he would repeatedly stomp on the abdomen of his opponent as if he were trying to maintain his balance on top of a piece of lumber floating down a river. He again found success as a tag team, winning the United States tag titles with Ron Simmons and claiming his only “world” title as part of the WCW six-man tag champions with Dustin Rhodes and Tom Zenk.
The Birth of Doink the Clown
From WCW, he returned to the WWF–this time as Doink the Clown. This gimmick is what Borne is most known for, as his ‘evil clown' gimmick is still fondly remembered today. In 1993, when every mid-card wrestler in the WWF had some sort of oddball gimmick (remember Duke “the Dumpster” Droese?), Borne's portrayal of Doink is the one that most people remember. He feuded with Mr. Perfect and Bryan “Crush” Adams on TV, but what most people remember is Doink pranking other wrestlers during their matches. Borne worked the gimmick as both a heel and babyface and during the difficult time in the early 1990s WWE, Borne was a qualified success.
“Qualified” because Borne was a mess behind the scenes. By his own admission, he had substance abuse issues and was fired from the WWE for drug use. Borne maintained that personal heat with Bam Bam Bigelow got him fired after Bigelow saw him smoking pot in the hallway of a hotel and “snitched” to management. Both men are gone now, so it's impossible to know whether this account is accurate. After Borne's departure, Doink the Clown was played variously by Steve Keirn, Ray Apollo, and Dusty Wolfe.
Borne played a version of the character in Memphis-based USWA, and in ECW, where the fans did not accept the character. During an angle with Shane Douglas, where Douglas berated Borne for allowing himself to be turned into a kiddie character like Doink, Borne changed his gimmick to “Borne Again.” But Borne didn't last long in ECW–and again, as with the rest of his career–the promotion took off without him.
Perhaps the wrestler most like Matt Borne in that regard was The Great Kabuki, who appeared in World Class, Mid-Atlantic, and Georgia as a main eventer right before those territories really took off. As Freebird Michael Hayes once said, Kabuki didn't get enough credit, because he was one of the guys who “set the table” for the Texas territory to go off like a Roman candle with the Freebirds-Von Erichs feud, but he was gone before the big money came rolling in. That's similar to Borne, who just missed the big money runs in Charlotte, Atlanta, Dallas, WCW's 1990s surge, and WWE's Attitude Era.
Behind the scenes, Borne suffered from substance abuse issues and, frankly, was miserable to be around for a lot of the locker room. By many accounts, he was often unnecessarily rough with job guys and rookies. Once famously referred to as Krusty the Clown by a member of the locker room for his demeanor, Borne also apparently got into a shoot fight with Jim Duggan at an independent show later in his career after refusing to cooperate with the WWE Hall of Famer.
Borne died at his home in Plano, Texas, from an accidental overdose of morphine and hydrocodone on June 28, 2013. He was 55 years old.
WANT MORE?
Follow Pro Wrestling Stories on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram
Be sure to also read one of these recommended articles from our site:
Keep up with the latest - join the Pro Wrestling Stories Newsletter! Sign up for the ProWrestlingStories.com newsletter, where pro wrestling nostalgia will be sent straight to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE! You have successfully subscribed! Please check your inbox for a confirmation e-mail.
Update Thursday 9aBooker Superintendent Michael Lee issued the following statement: "A gentleman showed up to the Booker High School football game last Friday, September 2, 2011, stating he was a Brazilian based reporter for the Al Jazeera news organization. This individual, Gabriel Elizondo, showed up unannounced, was not previously known to me or anyone else at the District and offered only his business card as identification. Mr. Elizondo sought out the high school principal for permission to interview spectators with his videographer about the effects of September 11, 2001 on American life. The principal had concerns that these interviews would interfere with individuals watching the game and intrude on student privacy. In light of these concerns, the principal asked that I address Mr. Elizondo TMs request.
Student safety is a top priority with the District, and I had concerns about a self purported journalist who admitted his purpose was not to report the game, but to interview parents about 9/11. The parents and public gathered at the High School to support the football teams, the bands, the cheerleaders and the two competing schools in general. Texas public school property, including a football stadium, is not a public forum. The District may place reasonable time, place and manner restrictions on public use of its facilities and reserves the right to use its facilities for school purposes. For these reasons, I did not allow Mr. Elizondo to interview parents and students in the bleachers about 9/11. Nonetheless, Mr. Elizondo could have remained and watched the game with everyone else. Had Mr. Elizondo provided prior notice, I may have been able to facilitate his request and arranged for interviews before or after the game.
Booker High School football games are open to the public, and everyone is invited to attend. This invitation, however, is not without limits. Student safety is a top priority at all District events and the administration reserves the right to take all reasonable action to ensure that safety is not compromised. This would include asking for proper identification or credentials as appropriate. In an effort to balance the sometimes competing interests of the media, parents and students, the District has created a designated space for all media to film football games without detracting from student activities or disrupting spectators. So that reasonable accommodations may be made for everyone, the District respectfully requests that any news media provide advance notice.
The District appreciates everyone TMs cooperation in this matter and has no further comment at this time."
Booker Schools Superintendent Michael Lee was already having a hectic day with missing students when a reporter from Al Jazeera showed up asking to shoot video and talk to people at the district's high school football game. Gabriel Elizono, a Brazilian reporter from Al Jazeera, was in Booker to experience some Friday night football for a story about 9/11 for its 10-year anniversary. Elizondo had been driving across the U.S., but just 10 miles into Texas, he says he was asked to leave. According to his blog post , he was in the middle of a two-week drive across the nation stopping in small towns and big cities to talk about the impacts of 9/11.
In Booker, Elizondo said he was told by Lee he was not allowed to "take pictures or interview people" at the high school football game.
Elizondo goes on in his blog to say that Lee said things like, "I think it was damn rotten what they did."
As for an explanation, Elizono said he was given none. Instead, he was told that it was expected that he would not take photographs or video.
Click here to read the entire blog post, titled "Welcome to Texas! Unless you're Al Jazeera"
Just days later, Superintendent Lee issued a response saying it was not his intent to come across as disrespectful, but instead was concerned with several school issues like students having not returned home for the day.
Lee addresses every issue that is brought up in the blog and said that prior notice was not given to the school. The prior notice was needed to verify exactly who Elizondo was. Lee also claimed the FERPA rights of the students would have been violated for the students whose parents had not signed papers to allow photos or video to be taken of their child.
Elizondo declined an interview request from Pronews 7. Booker Schools will release a statement this evening.
The biggest gambling expansion in Pennsylvania since it first authorized casinos more than a decade ago cleared the last hurdle Thursday to get to Gov. Tom Wolf's desk, where it awaited an uncertain fate.The bill, a couple years in the making, emerged Wednesday evening, and won quick passage in the Legislature, despite opponents' protests that they barely had a chance to read it, warnings that it carried unforeseen consequences and complaints that it was packed with sweetheart deals.The Republican-controlled House of Representatives voted Thursday, 109-72, with support from Republican and Democratic leaders.Wolf, a Democrat, will work in the next few days to evaluate and make a decision on the gambling legislation, his office said Thursday.The plan would expand casino-style gambling to truck stops, online portals, airports and 10 new mini-casino sites.It would make Pennsylvania the first state to allow both casino and lottery games online, in a quest for money from new and younger players. It also would pave the way for the struggling Pennsylvania Lottery - which funds programs for the elderly - to begin offering keno.The bill was part of a broader package to break a four-month budget stalemate over how to stitch together Pennsylvania's deficit-riddled finances.Lawmakers hope to squeeze another $200 million a year or more from casino license fees and taxes on gambling losses. New gambling cash would also flow to decade-old property tax rebates and local government treasuries, institutions and development projects.Pennsylvania is already the nation's No. 2 commercial casino state, netting $1.4 billion in taxes from the industry in the most recent fiscal year.New Jersey, which has the nation-leading internet gambling market, would welcome the expansion of player pools and prizes, if it reaches a reciprocal agreement with Pennsylvania gambling regulators.The expansion of casino sites throughout Pennsylvania, however, could further damage Atlantic City's casinos, whose loss of five of its 12 casinos began when Pennsylvania casinos started opening in 2006.Opponents warn that the measure will cause an "explosion" of gambling."We will become a gambling state without parallel," said Rep. Steve McCarter, D-Montgomery.It also drew complaints from lawmakers that they had had little opportunity to understand the implications of the complicated, 470-page bill and that it is packed with pet provisions for certain casinos or lawmakers.Rep. Margo Davidson, D-Delaware, called it "corporate welfare for casinos and special carve outs for special people."For instance, one provision that would repeal a long-standing limit on casino ownership in Pennsylvania could moot a lawsuit that has held up construction of the Live! Hotel & Casino in Philadelphia for nearly three years.Another provision would protect much of northeastern Pennsylvania around Mount Airy Casino Resort - founded by billionaire Louis DeNaples - from the construction of a mini-casino that could potentially compete for gamblers. Delaware County would get greater control over a portion of the taxes from Harrah's Philadelphia Casino that goes toward area development projects.Yet another provision would effectively direct an extra pot of cash to counties with lower performing casinos this year.The provision allowing truck stops to operate up to five slot-machine-style machines, called video gaming terminals, caught the attention of House Gaming Oversight Committee Chairman Scott Petri, R-Bucks. He said the bill carried a raft of unintended consequences, including a definition of truck stops that is "so broad, anything you think of as a convenience store is a truck stop.""You literally could drive a truck through the definition and its ability to be misused," he said.Pennsylvania-headquartered Penn National said it will consider suing over the gambling package, if it becomes law, because of the "uniquely punitive impact" on the Hollywood Casino it owns in suburban Harrisburg.That prompted Rep. Mark Rozzi, D-Berks, to question why Mount Airy Casino would get special protection from the competition of a new mini-casino, but Hollywood Casino would not.The bill would allow each of Pennsylvania's casinos to bid on a mini-casino license allowing up to 750 slot machines and 30 table games. Bidding would start at $7.5 million, with a table games certificate costing an extra $2.5 million.It would also restore a requirement that casinos pay roughly $140 million annually to their host communities, a mandate struck down by the state Supreme Court last year because it treated casinos differently.___Associated Press reporter Wayne Parry in Atlantic City, New Jersey, contributed to this report.----------
Tens of millions of dollars for schools and the immediate future of public educational finance in Kansas will be on the line Friday when lawyers representing school districts and the state go before the Kansas Supreme Court to argue whether Gov. Sam Brownback's block-grant funding plan for schools is constitutional.
How we got here:
In the case of Gannon v. Kansas, four school districts – Wichita, Hutchinson, Dodge City and Kansas City – have sued alleging that the state has failed to meet its constitutional obligation to provide adequate and equitable funding to all school districts.
Last year, the Supreme Court ordered the Legislature to correct inequities in funding between wealthy and poor school districts.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
To comply with the order, legislators passed a law they thought would add about $134 million: $109 million in “Local Option Budget” equalization, which provides extra money for school districts with low property values; and $25 million in “capital outlay” funds that help pay for new schools and major renovations of existing buildings.
However, because of changes in property valuations and schools' building plans, it turned out to be more costly than the Legislature expected. Under its formula, schools would have gotten about $35 million more than the Legislature planned in LOB aid and $17 million more in capital outlay.
Earlier this year, at Brownback's urging, the Legislature passed Senate Bill 7, which repealed the school finance formula and is funding schools through “block grants” based on current school funding. The block-grant program was designed as a two-year stopgap while the Legislature tries to hammer out a new formula for permanently financing the schools.
The school districts went to court alleging the block-grant plan is unconstitutional. A specially appointed three-judge school finance court agreed and ordered the state to restore the previous funding formula.
The state appealed and now the case is before the Supreme Court.
Brownback said he has no prediction on how the appeal will go and stands by his claim that schools are getting more money, not less, under the block-grant system.
The school districts argue:
▪ The Legislature promised full LOB and capital outlay funding and then reneged in violation of the Supreme Court order. That's forcing school districts to cut education programs at the local level, and the state owes them $52 million.
▪ The block grants are inequitable because they freeze operating funds without adequately accounting for rising costs and increases in school enrollment. That means that growing districts have to serve more students on less money per pupil than stable or shrinking districts.
▪ The state has sought to camouflage operational cuts to schools and falsely claim increases in school funding, by counting money that actually goes to the Kansas Public Employee Retirement System and can't be used for educating students today. The retirement funds are electronically transferred to the school districts to be counted as state aid to education, and then, within minutes, transferred back out to KPERS.
The state argues:
▪ The school-finance court overstepped its authority and infringed on the Legislature's budgeting powers by ordering the state to restore LOB and capital outlay funding to what was promised last year.
▪ “Doomsday predictions” by the school districts haven't come true, and Kansas K-12 students still outperform the national average.
▪ The block grants didn't actually cut school funding; they just reduced the amount of increase the districts were expecting.
▪ The Legislature doesn't have to provide absolutely equal education to students across the state to meet its equity obligation. The legal standard is “reasonably equal access to substantially similar educational opportunities through similar tax effort.”
How are Kansas schools doing anyway?
In its written brief, the state offered evidence from the 2013 National Assessment of Educational Progress – also known as “the Nation's Report Card” – showing Kansas ranking 4th to 15th in the nation for fourth- and eighth-grade math and reading.
But that brief was written before the 2015 numbers came in, showing an almost across-the-board drop on the NAEP tests.
The new results showed a six-percentage-point drop in fourth-graders meeting basic math achievement levels. Fourth-grade reading and eighth-grade math were each down three percentage points.
The only gain was a one-percentage-point rise in eighth-grade reading.
Kansas fourth-graders, significantly above the national averages in math and reading scores from 2000 through 2013, have now fallen to average in reading and only one point above average in math.
What to expect Friday:
Oral arguments to the Supreme Court are different from what most people envision when they think of a court proceeding. There are no witnesses and there's no jury.
It's kind of like a legal “lightning round” where the presenting lawyers will spend most of their time fielding difficult questions from the justices. Also unlike a regular court hearing, the lawyers will be on a countdown clock. Each side gets 30 minutes total to make its case.
How to keep up:
The Wichita Eagle and Kansas.com will have team coverage starting at 9 a.m. Friday.
Reporter Bryan Lowry will provide live updates on significant developments on Twitter; follow him at @BryanLowry3.
Reporter Dion Lefler will be in the courtroom covering the arguments in detail; watch www.kansas.com Friday for his reports.
The Supreme Court will carry a live video stream of the arguments on its website, www.kscourts.org.
(IraqiNews.com) On Saturday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights revealed that the organization of the Islamic State trafficked and sold about 300 Yazidi girls and women, who were abducted from Mosul, Iraq, to its members in Syria during the past weeks.
The Syrian Observatory said, in a statement published by the Arab media and followed by IraqiNews.com, that “The organization of the Islamic State distributed between its elements in Syria, during the past days and weeks, about 300 girls and women from the followers of the Yazidi religion, who were abducted in Iraq several weeks ago on the basis that they are slaves from the spoils of war of the unbelievers. ”
The Syrian Observatory said in a statement that “it has documented several instances of human tracking in which the elements of ISIS sell abducted Yazidi females to other elements of the organization in Syria, with an amount of money of $1000 per female, to be married to the fighters of the organization who have paid the money.”
Related articles:
The same poll, when conducted in June — before Israel's deadly 50-day offensive against Hamas in the Gaza Strip, found that only 41 percent of Palestinians would back Haniyeh over Abbas.
West Bank Palestinians have criticized Abbas' security coordination with Israel in the occupied territory as more land continues to be confiscated for settlement construction — a process deemed illegal by the United Nations. Critics argue that 20 years of peaceful negotiations with Israel under terms established by the 1993 Oslo accords have done little to end the occupation and realize a two-state solution.
The majority of Palestinians, at 72 percent, said they supported bringing Hamas' style of armed resistance against the occupation to the West Bank, the poll said.
Hamas won the most recent Palestinian parliamentary elections in both the West Bank and Gaza in 2006, but the U.S. and Israel encouraged President Mahmoud Abbas and his Fatah movement to ignore the result and maintain their grip over all instruments of government. Tensions reached a boiing point the following year in a bloody battle for control of Gaza, that left Hamas forces in control of the territory while Fatah ruled the West Bank — while the Palestinian legislature was prevented from functioning, and the terms of office of both the parliament and President Abbas expired without elections being held.
The swing in Palestinian popular opinion to a more hard-line position is mirrored among Israelis, with a poll taken at the end of August showing increased support for political parties that took a hawkish stance on Gaza, Israeli daily Maariv said. The majority of Israelis said in the poll that it was a mistake for the government to accept a ceasefire with Hamas.
According to the truce terms, Israel would immediately expand Gaza's approved fishing zone to as much as six miles from shore, and continue to expand it over time. Israel also agreed to ease its seven-year blockade on Gaza and allow increased movement of people and goods through its border with the coastal enclave. In return, Hamas agreed to stop indiscriminately firing rockets into Israel.
Israeli warships fired on Gaza fisherman on Tuesday, in what Palestinian news website Maan News said was a violation of the truce. The fishermen said they had been within the agreed-upon six-nautical-mile zone. No injuries were reported.
An Israeli military spokeswoman said the men had “deviated from the designated fishing zone,” after which warning shots were fired into the air, according to Maan. When asked how far out the fishermen were, the spokeswoman said she did not know the exact distance but said that it was further than six nautical miles.
Further issues relating to the truce will be discussed in Cairo at the end of the month, assuming the parties do not renege on the meeting taking place. These issues include the construction of sea and airports, the release of prisoners, and the demilitarization of Hamas and other armed groups in Gaza.
However, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in remarks to his cabinet in a closed session that he would not send a delegation to Egypt, Israeli television news Channel 10 reported on Monday.
Qais Abd al-Karim, a member of the Palestinian negotiation team, told Maan that if Israel showed a lack of commitment to the terms of the cease-fire, it would be rendered null and void. He added that the Palestinian side is awaiting an Egyptian invitation and is committed to the terms of the truce. Egypt has mediated indirect negotiations between Hamas and Israel throughout the latest conflict that led to the truce.
In earlier remarks, Netanyahu said that if Hamas honored the truce, indirect negotiations would begin within a month, but added that the cease-fire did not include any of Hamas' demands.
“The Egyptian ceasefire proposal has no time limit. It includes none of Hamas' declared conditions for ending the fighting: Hamas does not receive an airport; Hamas does not receive a seaport; Hamas does not receive the release of prisoners; and Hamas does not receive money for its payroll,” the prime minister said on Aug. 26.
Al Jazeera was unable to reach Netanyahu's spokesman for further comment.
Netanyahu has faced harsh criticism from a large segment of the Israeli public as well as ministers from within his own cabinet for ending the assault on Gaza. Critics argued that the Israeli military did not do enough to ensure Hamas would not resume firing rockets into Israel.
A poll published by Israeli news website Haaretz found that 54 percent of respondents said there was no clear winner in the latest war. Hard-line Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman opposed ending the assault and even advocated for re-occupation of the Gaza Strip.
In response to the criticism, Netanyahu explained at a weekly cabinet meeting that Hamas lost the war, and even withdrew its conditions for a cease-fire.
“We struck Hamas very hard. The [Israeli military] killed almost 1,000 terrorists, struck at the heads of the organizations, and struck at their network of tunnels and their terrorist high-rises … At the same time, Hamas withdrew from all of its demands for a cease-fire, with neither time constraints nor other conditions.”
Officials have said that the majority of those killed, around 80 percent, in Israel's offensive in Gaza were non-combatants, including Palestinian women and children.
With wire services
In the new Ukrainian government politicians linked to the far-right have taken posts from deputy prime minister to head of defence. We profile the nationalists filling the power vacuum.
The man facing down Putin's aggression as secretary of the Ukrainian National Security and Defence Council is Andriy Parubiy. He oversees national security for the nation having previously served as security commandant during the anti-government protests in Kiev.
Parubiy was the founder of the Social National Party of Ukraine, a fascist party styled on Hitler's Nazis, with membership restricted to ethnic Ukrainians.
The Social National Party would go on to become Svoboda, the far-right nationalist party whose leader Oleh Tyahnybok was one of the three most high profile leaders of the Euromaidan protests – negotiating directly with the Yanukovych regime.
Overseeing the armed forces alongside Parubiy as the Deputy Secretary of National Security is Dmytro Yarosh, the leader of the Right Sector – a group of hardline nationalist streetfighters, who previously boasted they were ready for armed struggle to free Ukraine.
Russia has pursued a systematic, targeted policy of subjugation toward Ukraine…So of course we will prepare for a conflict with them
Dmytro Yarosh, Deputy Secretary of National Security
Inside Right Sector was an alliance of hardline nationalist groups including Patriot of Ukraine and the paramilitary group UNA-UNSO, who have fought against Russian troops in Chechnya and Moldova. Their members paraded in balaclavas and wore uniforms bearing far-right insignia, including the wolfsangel.
In 1989 he joined the moderate nationalist group People's Movement of Ukraine but from there went on to join the right wing Trizub organisation in 1994 and has been its leader since 2005, preaching and preparing for a Ukrainian “national revolution”.
He told Time magazine in a recent interview: “Russia has pursued a systematic, targeted policy of subjugation toward Ukraine…So of course we will prepare for a conflict with them”.
Filling the power vacuum
The new Deputy Prime Minister Oleksandr Sych is a member of the far-right Svoboda party, which the World Jewish Congress called on the EU to consider banning last year along with Greece's Golden Dawn.
The party, which has long called for a “national revolution” in Ukraine, has endured a long march from relative obscurity in the early 90s. Their declaration that Ukraine is controlled by a “Muscovite-Jewish mafia” has raised fears for the safety of the country's Jewish population.
Svoboda now controls the ecology and agricultural ministry with Andriy Mokhnyk, the deputy head of Svoboda, running ecology and Ihor Shvaika as agriculture minister.
Associate professor at Lund University Pers Anders Rudling, an expert on Ukrainian extremists, told Channel 4 News that there are other ministers who are also closely in the orbit of Svoboda.
"Two weeks ago I could never have predicted this. A neo-fascist party like Svoboda getting the deputy prime minister position is news in its own right.
"There are seven ministers with links to the extreme right now. It began with Svoboda getting 10 per cent of the vote in the last election, it is certainly a concern in the long run."
Mr Rudling warned that Europe should pay greater attention to the politics of the new regime, while warning that this in no way endorsed the actions of Russia.
"It doesn't help Ukraine to be selective and ignore this problem. Russia is using this to legitimise their unjustified aggression, I am not backing up that aggression by speaking about the rise of Svoboda."
The most important office seized by Svoboda is that of deputy prime minister, now occupied by Oleksandr Sych, whose position on abortion rights and comments about rape provoked an international outcry.
He has been criticised for declaring: “Women should lead the kind of lifestyle to avoid the risk of rape, including one from drinking alcohol and being in controversial company”.
Svoboda member Oleh Makhnitsky is now acting prosecutor general.
The initial actions of the interim government have included forcing making Ukrainian the only official language of the nation and making moves to remove a law which forbids “excusing the crimes of fascism”.
The anti-Russian far-right in Ukraine strongly associate themselves with the legacy of Stepan Bandera and the Ukrainian Insurgent Army. In 2010 Viktor Yushchenko made Bandera a “hero of Ukraine”, despite charges of Nazi collaboration and ethnic cleansing by the controversial figure.
It doesn't help Ukraine to be selective and ignore this problem
Pers Anders Rudling, extremism expert
The massive gains by Svoboda come ahead of the European elections that are expected to see Hungary's Jobbik and the French National Front make large advances.
However, Svoboda have been given the cold shoulder by their former European comrades with Jobbik calling for autonomy for the Hungarian minority regions in Ukraine and the BNP's Nick Griffin backing Putin.
Smaller far-right groups from Scandanavia have confirmed they have been travelling to the region to offer support and learn from the “national revolution”.
Popular conservative and constitutional talker Mark Levin is ripping CNN and the mainstream media for slamming his comments based on their reporting of possible wiretapping of Team Trump by the Obama administration.
In an open letter to CNN's Brian Stelter published on his Conservative Review website, and directed at the larger media too, Levin wrote:
I simply put together the stories that YOUR profession reported, on the public record. Do you deny there were two FISA applications? Do you deny the first was turned down? Do you deny the second was approved? It's called the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. It is about surveillance. The fact that we cannot discern all the details because of the secrecy, except for what the media have revealed and selective leaks by the government, should cause you to want to know more, not to trash those who point it out.
Levin emailed me, "Do you deny there were two FISA applications?" I replied: "I don't know. You don't know. The reporting is very murky." https://t.co/uSyUgooRl0 — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) March 6, 2017
He added:
Your lack of curiosity and dishonesty about such matters and in dealing with me demean you and your profession.
Reporters trying to determine the reason President Trump on Saturday sent out a storm of tweets accusing Obama of bugging Trump tower have looked to comment Levin made, which he said are legitimate questions raised by the media.
Levin said that there are some "logical implications" that can be made from the reporting on the issue, which includes pre-election reports in papers like the New York Times.
He wrote:
And yes, we can make several logical implications based on events and experience. A FISA application is a big deal. One, or two in this case, that involve campaign surrogates, or a server or computer related to a candidate or campaign, etc., is a big deal. President Obama's statement is not a definitive statement of anything, other than he, personally, did not order a wiretap, which I never claimed. But that does not mean he was unaware of surveillance activity by several of his departments, even through routine reports to the president, such as the Daily Intel Briefing or information conveyed to him or his staff via the Justice Department re the FBI counter-intelligence activities. As for Clapper, despite his past dissembling before Congress, he may not have been aware of what was taking place since the FBI counter-intel operation reportedly sought the warrant. The Daily Intel Briefing might provide useful information in that regard as well.
On Monday, Stelter dismissed the affair as a conspiracy. His story opened this way:
An incendiary idea first put forward by right-wing radio host Mark Levin is now burning across Washington, fanned by President Trump's tweets and a huge number of supportive commentators and websites — even though the facts don't back up the conclusion.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
Node.js, the popular server-side JavaScript platform that has seen dissention in the ranks over its recent direction, is about to get a new governance model.
Cloud software vendor Joyent had been in charge, but a new plan announced today will turn Node.js over to an independent third party known as the Node.js Foundation, said Joyent CEO Scott Hammond in an interview. The Foundation, which the Linux Foundation has helped set up, will have a board of directors and a technical committee, and Joyent will maintain a seat on the board along with Microsoft, IBM, and as-yet-undetermined other parties.
The idea of turning over Node.js, often referred to simply as Node, to a foundation arose out of the recent formation of the Node.js advisory board, Hammond said. "It's pretty clear to me the best way to go execute on some of the recommendations that have come out of the advisory board is to move the project to a neutral foundation."
But spinning out Node.js to a separate foundation is not about placating the divided Node.js community, Hammond insisted. Dissatisfaction with the direction of Node.js led to the recent io.js fork, which has been shepherded by some of the same people involved with development of Node.js. "This is about doing the right thing for Node.js" and evolving the governance and organizational structure, Hammond said.
A technologist involved in the development of both Node.js and io.js was optimistic about the governance model but is taking a wait-and-see approach. "I'm excited that Joyent has decided that the future of Node is with an independent foundation," said Bert Belder, an official at Strongloop who has been a core contributor to Node.js and a member of of the io.js technical committee. "However, details of the governance plan are TBD, so I can't really comment on whether it'll satisfy all concerns, and I don't want to speculate about all the things that could in theory go wrong." It seems Joyent is serious about finding the right governance structure for the foundation, and the move increases the chances of a reconciliation between the io.js and Node.js camps, said Belder.
The foundation's board of directors will tackle tasks like legal and organizational issues, marketing, financial development, and mentoring. Technical decisions on the platform will be made by the technical committee, whose members earn participation based on technical skills and involvement with the project. The exact number of seats on each panel is to be determined.
The foundation will have multiple levels of membership, including Platinum, which includes a seat on the board of directors and costs $250,000 per year; Gold, which costs $50,000 to $100,000 per year, with one of every three Gold-level members getting a seat on the board; and Silver, costing $5,000 to $25,000 annually. One out of every 10 members at the Silver level get a board seat, and a technical committee member will serve on the board. There is also an associate level of membership for individuals and other organizations. Hammond said he expects board member elections, with terms staggered to end at different times. Joyent, with the involvement of people including Belder, last week oversaw the long-awaited 0.12 release of Node.js.
NASA released the original source code for Apollo 11 guidance computer (AGC) yesterday. The code was released on GitHub, and few hours later someone reported the first “issue“.
A customer has had a fairly serious problem with stirring the cryogenic tanks with a circuit fault present. To reproduce: Build CSM Perform mission up to translunar coast During translunar coast, attempt to stir cryo tanks If a wiring fault exists, the issue may be replicated. Be aware that this may be hazardous to the tester attempting it.
People received the joke well, and pile on, these are some of the comments (I personally like stereotype jokes in this thread the best)…
i think this issue should be closed because we can't reproduce it
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
This is fixed in Apollo 14.
The whole thread is really hilarious, I strongly suggest you visit the site and give it a read.
Meanwhile, there's also been few more “issues” reported (see image below), but the above mentioned one is the original, and the most fun.
People are doing GWAS studies on alleles that influence educational achievement – IQ alleles, more or less – and are finding some. Once you find them, the natural question is how the frequencies of those vary in different populations. Do populations that test low on IQ have fewer plus alleles than those that test high?
This can get complicated, at least if the populations you're comparing are highly divergent. If they are, the set of education alleles in one pop might be significantly different than the set in the other. Pygmies are like this with height: they share many of the alleles that affect height in Europeans, but also have some of their own. Of course, the most divergent human populations, Pygmies and Bushmen, are few in number and have no significant diasporas.
If all you want to know is the source of population differences, you can easily get around this: look at a mixed population and see how IQ varies with the degree of admixture.
Next question: what would be the implications of various possible results? Suppose that GWAS hits and admixture studies suggest that population ancestry did not matter. Every population is equal in genetic potential for intelligence. That would be a surprise – things sure don't look that way. It would suggest that a potent and unknown environmental influence(s) was responsible for observed differences. I doubt this outcome a whole lot, but it's a big universe.
Next possibility: the distribution of IQ alleles predicts what we already see. Those populations that test low have correspondingly low frequencies of plus alleles. Things are the way they look – no real surprises.
Last: things are mostly the way they look, but at least one population does a lot worse (or better) than you would expect from their measured IQ-allele frequencies. I think if you had done this 100 years ago there would have been some anomalies of this sort – populations with serious iodine shortages would have had anomalously low scores. If we hadn't known about iodine shortages and their consequences, this kind of result would have hinted at it.
Next question: what would the impact of such results be?
For option 1: we would start looking hard for that indumbnifying environmental influence. We would want to be able to turn it off – or on.
Option II and III: Much would be explained. But the results would be almost entirely rejected. How many minds would be changed? Hardly any. You'd have to know a fair amount about genetics to even appreciate the evidence. No matter how sound the result, various bastards will emit a fog of lies about it – not many people would be able to see through that fog, and even fewer would want to. I know of a couple of cases in which people who were disinclined to believe in the results of twin studies came to accept them after GCTA results – extrapolating from that example, results like II or III would change the minds of hundreds of people worldwide.
This doesn't mean that there would never be any consequences. There would eventually be practical applications of such a result, and the people working those applications would know and understand it.
Advertisements
Like many people, I've been heartbroken in recent days about the racist protests and violence south of the border. Actually heartbroken — and a bit depressed.
Just when you think our society is advancing toward more enlightened times, creating a more just society for our kids and for the generations that will follow, one is reminded that there are those who want to cling to the bigotry and divisions of the past. Those who prefer hatred to love, violence to peace and entitlement to equality.
It is unbelievably sad that people still exist — neo-Nazis and white supremacists being the most glaring examples — who continue to believe that they are losing something if those who have traditionally been disadvantaged are given equal rights and lifted into full citizenship. Or those who foolishly maintain that particular races or other groups of people are inferior. It's even worse when they are prepared to back up their ignorant, despicable and hateful views with violence.
So it was even more upsetting to learn earlier this week that white supremacists — perhaps feeling emboldened by their contemptible comrades in the U.S. — are planning to hold a rally Saturday at Vancouver City Hall. I won't even mention their organization's name, as it doesn't deserve to be acknowledged.
I stand with Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson in condemning the event and his comment to CBC that “hatred and racism have no place in this city.” This crap is just not what this great, proudly multicultural community is about.
But while I completely agree with Robertson's opinion that racism be vigorously opposed, I disagree with his support of a “vigorous turnout of people protesting the white supremacists rally” at a counterprotest being planned by anti-racists. As we've seen from the U.S., that's just asking for trouble, and it may be why the Vancouver police didn't want to comment Wednesday on the mayor's endorsement of the counterprotest.
U.S. President Donald Trump has properly been denounced for his entirely inadequate comments after the violence in Charlottesville, Va. His apparent disinterest in consistently denouncing the white supremacists at the root of the conflict and claims that there is a moral equivalency between the racists and their opponents has been shockingly unhelpful, demonstrating again how unfit Trump is to be president.
But he wasn't wrong in pointing out that there are those in both the far left and far right who attend protests looking to do violence, even hoping for it.
If you look at photos of the protests, you will quickly note that they are almost exclusively attended by quite young adults, many attracted to these events not just to demonstrate their support for a particular view, but also looking for excitement, to be among like-minded people and to feel part of something larger than themselves.
When you put protesters on opposing sides of an emotional issue like racism together, you can almost guarantee there will be violence, despite how many police officers you deploy.
And in this age of social media — where so many narcissistic young people are desperately trying to be the stars of their own little universes — there is even greater pressure to act out, even with violence, to demonstrate one's unquestioned beliefs, whether that's white supremacy or the virtues of socialism. Even the use of social media to organize the protests risks inflating participation and inflaming passions.
On Wednesday, Robertson issued a statement on Twitter: “Acts of hate/violence must always be met with non-violent resistance. We need to call out white supremacy/hate speech wherever it happens.” Again, good on the mayor.
But here's my advice: Rather than hold an anti-racist counterprotest, everyone should ignore the small and pathetic band of losers hosting their racist little chinwag — and that includes the media. Giving these creeps attention is exactly what they want. A large turnout by lefty anti-racists, especially if violence breaks out, will only fuel their twisted, stupid, conspiratorial views.
What stronger message could our city send to white supremacists and their idiotic views than if we collectively turned our backs on them? Oh, and if you are a parent, tell your kids to stay home. You don't want to visit them in hospital or, like the poor parents of one protester in Virginia, somewhere worse.
gclark@postmedia.com
Gordon Clark is a columnist and editorial pages editor for The Province. Letters to the editor can be sent to provletters@theprovince.com.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
The American literary critic and Marxist political theorist Frederic Jameson famously remarked that it is easier to imagine the end of the world than the end of capitalism. But what we don't often consider is how capitalism influences our end-worldview.
The horizon of the post-apocalyptic is usually bleak: isolated individuals trudging through the wilderness, surviving only through violence, cunning and mutual distrust. The human race, without the coercive machinations of the state, descending into a brutal barbarism where every relationship is pragmatic, rationally calculated and based on nothing but self-interest.
Our cultural output throbs with this notion of the “evil anarchic”. Take any post-apocalyptic or future dystopia film of the last few decades and you'll be sure to find dialogue referencing the degeneration of the human spirit or a scene exemplifying the impossibility of co-operation.
The concentration camp in Children of Men is miserable and threatening. The market in Soylent Green is vicious. The Road, The Book of Eli, the Harlan Ellison novel A Boy and His Dog — all are predicated on the concurrent collapse of civilization and rise of the evil anarchic. On the idea that the state can only be abolished by an apocalyptic act, and that its absence necessarily gives way to nefarious gang rule and brutal violence.
When the state collapses
We must question whether this narrative is accurate. Does collapse necessarily lead to misery? Can the state only be abolished by an apocalyptic event? Is the choice between apocalypse and hierarchy a false one?
We must question because this end-worldview justifies our present social order. Capitalism in all its cruelty becomes an inevitable reflection of man's barbarous nature. The state and its use of force are justified in that they tame us, impelling us to defy our selfish natures. Evil becomes the province of the unshackled individual, free of society and legal consequence.
Indeed, the horrors of ISIS are trumpeted so vehemently by the Western press precisely because they fit this narrative: that without law, order and the state we would run rampant. That capitalism, although unfair, is not as bad as things could be. That fear-induced conservatism is the only sensible political orientation.
However, if we venture a few hundred miles north of where ISIS are destroying treasured cultural artefacts and beheading foreign journalists and aid workers, we find ourselves in Rojava; the autonomous region of Northern Syria. Famed for their heroic mixed-gender defence of Kobane, the residents of Rojava, who are majority Kurdish but also include Christians, Arabs and Yazidis, have achieved what most would have thought impossible: a social revolution based on feminism, ecology and grassroots democracy in the heart of the Middle East.
In Rojava, at least, the withdrawal of state forces did not bring about brutality and lawlessness but instead opened up a space for a flourishing of human potential. The region is now run by a network of neighborhood assemblies which decide wherever they can by consensus. Workplaces have been turned into cooperatives. Academies have been established that aim to educate all in a broad and practical way, reversing the expertization of work by the Assad regime.
Women's liberation is at the heart of the revolution, with a gender-balanced co-chairing system for every position of authority and all women's assemblies that have veto power over issues affecting women. Even justice is meted out in a consensual, cooperative way, with community-based tribunals that bring together the victim, the accused and their families to agree on an appropriate means of conflict resolution.
All of this in a region that the Western media often portrays as brutal, barbarian and backwards. All possible because a retreating state opened the way for the Kurdish liberation movement to take over and, after decades of tireless grassroots organizing, start building democratic autonomy.
When the police retreat
A similar phenomenon in the West can be observed when the coercive forces we most often come into contact with — the police rather than the army — are in retreat. Instead of mobbing, robbing and looting, we actually see the very opposite. Just look to the recent New York police strike. In retaliation for Mayor De Blasio's anti-police comments in the wake of the Eric Garner murder, rank-and-file officers enacted an unofficial enforcement slowdown, with arrest rates dropping to near zero for petty crime and by 55 percent overall.
Yet counter to the scare stories of chaos and lawlessness touted by the right-wing press, crime rates actually fell. Not only does this fatally undermine the “broken window” policing theory that heavily punishing petty crime will reduce more serious crime; it also runs absolutely counter to the idea that the only thing standing between the individual and evil is coercive force.
In a similar vein, we can observe a spatial (rather than temporal) retreat of the police in the Athenian district of Exarchia. An area mainly populated by anarchists, activists and students who have, after decades of violent struggle with the police, managed to establish what the anarchist geographer Antonis Vradis describes as a “spatial contract”, whereby the police implicitly agree not to invade the area in the hope that its anarchic character won't spread to the rest of Athens. Despite a rise in drug dealing (largely due to a deliberate strategy by the state to herd addicts towards the district) it is nowhere close to the nadir of anomie that many would instinctively expect. In fact it is quite the opposite.
Not only is Exarchia a hotbed of solidarity and mutual aid with a flourishing scene of co-operatives, squatted social centers, volunteer-run medical facilities, reclaimed community parks and active neighborhood assemblies; it has even evolved into one of the safest areas in the Greek capital for women and immigrants to walk around alone at night. In the last few years, it has been deemed stable (and hip) enough for capital to start tentatively gentrifying the area, with cocktail bars and bourgeois restaurants appearing alongside the squatted cafés around the central square.
Examples such as these challenge the perceived role of the police. They hint at the fact that the police exist not to keep our evil natures in check but instead to defend inequality and private property. That they were created not to solve crime but instead to control crowds (i.e., protesters). That disorder is so often not a result of setting people free but instead of their systematic cultural and economic disenfranchisement from society. Or, as in the 2011 London riots and the recent riots in Baltimore, because of persecution by the police themselves.
When disaster strikes
Of course the wholesale breakdown of Western society still remains the preserve of fiction. But if we can view it in microcosm today, it must be when natural disasters decimate our cities, as Rebecca Solnit outlined in her book A Paradise Built in Hell. If we look to the events of Hurricane Katrina and Sandy we again uncover this belief in the evil anarchic and its disconnect from reality.
In the aftermath of Katrina, when state forces were largely absent from the streets of New Orleans, it was widely assumed by the media that lawlessness had broken out, with various outlets canvassing wall-to-wall reports of raping, looting and violence. However, aside from a few minor instances, the vast majority of these reports turned out to be untrue.
Slavoj Žižek rightly highlights the racist overtones of the reportage, with white middle-class journalists assuming the reports were true because they were supposed to be committed by poor blacks, knowing the stories would make good copy for their majority white readership.
Intertwined with this racism, however, is our notion of the “evil anarchic”: the idea that if human beings are unshackled from societal restraints they will necessarily descend into barbarism. A more indicative (and under-reported) instance of societal non-breakdown would be Hurricane Sandy, where local residents came together under the Occupy banner to house and feed those left adrift by the state. Here is where we find a meaningful example of our species in its natural state: kind, cooperative and generous in the face of adversity.
It thus turns out that our view of the apocalyptic is necessarily bound up with our pessimistic view of human nature and the world around us. Ever since Hobbes, civilization and the state have been our savior from a brutish, natural realm; a place we go for adventure, one of risk and daring that only those more unfortunate than us inhabit.
Yet this notion of a violent, competitive, dog-eat-dog natural world with which capitalism and the state justify themselves is in part a fallacy. In fact, nature teems with co-operation — both between animals, between species and within the ecosystem as a whole.
Recognizing our cooperative nature
Peter Kropotkin, the 19th-century Russian zoologist whose work proceeded much of the research on cooperation in evolution today, argued that natural life, although competitive, is also replete with examples of cooperation, noting how “sociability is as much a law of nature as mutual struggle.”
And indeed, we know this to be true. Because what is a pack of wolves, a school of fish, a pride of lions or a crash of rhinos if not an exercise in co-operation? Or a colony of ants, where female workers sacrifice their fertility to defend that of the queens? Or the incredibly synchronized movement of a flock of starlings, only possible if each individual bird is utterly reliant on its neighbor for direction?
And if we look to ourselves, we find we are not as selfish and calculated as the ideologists of late capitalism would have it. When we play with our children, make love to our partners, care for our elderly relatives or help out with local community projects, are we being greedy, selfish or individualistic? Are such actions rationally calculated exchanges where we constantly adhere to the principle of individual benefit?
Of course there are areas of life where we do act as such — at work or in business, for instance. But it is no coincidence that these arenas are both dominated by capital and constructed in a way that systematically rewards the uglier sides of our common human nature.
Although the elite and their ideologues, most notably Herbert Spencer and the Social Darwinists, have ignored this essentially co-operative side of both humans and nature, it has become a mainstay in modern evolutionary biology. We can count leading primatologist Frans De Waal, Jessica Flack, Lee Dugatkin and the evolutionary biologist Robert Trivers among its proponents. The latter's work on reciprocal altruism actually formed the basis for much of Dawkins' Selfish Gene, a book that the author himself claimed was as much about co-operation as it was about selfishness.
Seizing the opportunity
Asserting an optimistic, or at least malleable view of human nature is essential for the radical. Not only does it alleviate the instinctual nervousness towards change that many people feel, but it undermines the naturalization of capitalism — the notion that our current system is simply a pragmatic reflection of human nature and the way the world is.
We often forget that the vast majority of people know in their gut that the world is unfair; that a few have too much and most have too little. Their barrier to action is rarely lack of knowledge but instead lack of hope. The feeling that capitalism, inequality and injustice are inevitable. The idea that to struggle for a better world is naive, and that if the system were to collapse, a far worse tyranny would rear its head — that of the individual unleashed.
So here we must go further. Not only should we argue that human beings have the capacity for good and evil and that the natural world isn't always cruel and vicious, but we must emphasize that the darker sides of our nature are often unleashed not when social order breaks down, but in precisely the opposite situation: when order and hierarchy are most rigorously maintained.
Consider the Nazi bureaucrats who pulled the levers in the gas chambers of Auschwitz, the test subjects at Yale who thought they were electrocuting an individual to death, the volunteers in the Stanford prison experiment who morphed into authoritarian prison guards, or indeed the soldiers who kill Pakistani children using unmanned drones and Xbox controllers. Evil, we find, is so often the result not of leaving individuals in a natural state for them to make decisions and take responsibility, but the exact opposite: when they are cogs in a machine, subjugated to authority and absolved of all personal responsibility.
This doesn't mean, of course, that we should simply wait for the implosion of the capitalist state and expect utopia to arise spontaneously from its ashes. We can only entrench the cooperative, compassionate and empathetic sides of our nature as dominant values in society if we struggle against those who aim to exploit and systemize our more cycnical capacities. The capitalists who would pit us against each other via the construct of the labor market. The religious ideologues who persuade us to behead, rape and kill in exchange for an easing of our existential angst. The imperialists who encourage the very same acts in service of an amorphous set of national values randomly attributed by birth. Or the fascists, who would see the abolition of the individual and the institutionalization of collective violence in aid of order, stability and unity.
There is opportunity in collapse. But if we look to the concurrent rise of ISIS and Rojava in the vacuum of the Syrian civil war, or that of the Greek social solidarity movement and the neo-Nazis of Golden Dawn during the collapse of the Greek welfare state, we see that there is no guarantee to whose benefit it will be. Which is why, whenever the opportunity arises, we must be prepared to seize it.
The terms Collingwood was able to offer were superior to the Hawks and the ability to remain in Victoria was likely to be persuasive against the Port Adelaide offer.
Young, a wingman, who was a member of the Hawks' 2008 premiership team and has played 116 games, will join Collingwood as a ready-made replacement for Sharrod Wellingham, who was traded to West Coast.
The move means Collingwood has traded out two players for first-round draft picks - Wellingham (pick 17) and Chris Dawes (pick 20) and brought in through free agency two experienced players - Young and Quinten Lynch - to fill their roles.
Young's manager, Alex McDonald, of McDonald Sports and Talent Management, said his client had agonised over the decision because of his affection and respect for Hawthorn, but was excited by the opportunity that Collingwood had provided.
An outside player who is a good user of the ball, Young fills the need Collingwood coach Nathan Buckley and recruiter Derek Hine had identified for a player better able to deliver the ball inside forward 50.
Share On copy Share On copy
Share On link Share On link
Share On tumblr Share On tumblr
Share On more Share On more
Share On whatsapp Share On whatsapp
Share On sms Share On sms
Share On email Share On email
Share On Twitter Share On Twitter
Share On lineapp Share On lineapp
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On vk Share On vk
Share On facebook Share On facebook
1. DON'T DROP THE BABY. 2. Tiny fingernails! Look at those tiny adorable fingernails! Must resist urge to paint them. 3. Where did that stain come from? 4. Kids shows are actually awesome these days.
5. Dora the Explorer is actually, like, really smart. 6. Why are you crying? 7. I can't wait until you learn English so that you can tell me why you're crying. 8. Are you crying because you don't like me? 9. THIS BABY IS GOING TO ROLL OFF OF THE CHANGING TABLE. 10. Wow that is a tiny hand. That hand is tiny. 11. She's so cute when she sneezes.
12. She's so cute when she blinks. 13. She's so cute when she breathes. 14. I made this thing. I MADE it. 15. Oh man. What am I doing?
16. I'm going to break her. I'm going to break her in half by accident. I know it. 17. Am I a bad parent if I watch Top Chef while I'm bonding with her? 18. Am I a bad parent if I eat her baby food sometimes? It's actually really good. 19. Am I a bad parent if I don't spend $50 on this baby yoga class right now? 20. Am I a bad parent if I actually sort of hate her middle name? 21. Am I a bad parent?
22. DO NOT DROP THIS BABY RIGHT NOW. 23. She's objectively cuter than every other baby on earth. 24. I must have excellent genes. 25. I guess my parents have excellent genes, too. 26. Is "genes" the right word? 27. What is a gene? 28. OH NO WHERE'S THE BABY? 29. Oh she's right there. Like two feet away from me. 30. I wonder if the people in this grocery store can tell that I haven't slept in 34 hours.
31. Is there a bed in this grocery store? 32. IF YOU THINK ABOUT DROPPING THE BABY, YOU'LL DROP THE BABY. 33. How many dollars do I have to save every day to pay for this kid's college education? 34. Will college still be so expensive in 18 years? 35. Will college still be a thing in 18 years? 36. Ah, college. 37. College was easy. I didn't have any babies in college. 38. IF YOU DROP THIS BABY YOU'LL ALWAYS BE REMEMBERED AS THE TERRIBLE PARENT WHO DROPPED THEIR BABY. 39. She just put that block on top of that other block!! Is she the smartest baby alive?
40. She might be the smartest baby alive. 41. She's suspiciously smart. 42. I'm going to play Mozart and read Nietzsche to her. 43. That'll nurture her brain — which is obviously huge. 44. CAN YOU GO TO JAIL FOR DROPPING A BABY BY ACCIDENT? 45. Don't swear. Do NOT swear. Babies remember everything.
46. Don't even say a swear word in your mind. Babies can read thoughts. 47. Why are her cheeks so red? Is she sick? 48. Why won't she eat her pulverized beet paste? Is she sick? 49. She hasn't laughed once at my Bill Cosby impression. Is she sick? 50. If I start a Google search with "Is it normal if my baby…" one more time, child services is going to take this child away from me. 51. I'M GOING TO COVER THE FLOOR WITH PILLOWS SO THAT IF I DROP THE BABY MAYBE IT WON'T BE SUCH A BIG DEAL. 52. Do I own an article of clothing that is free of baby goop?
53. So many things come out of this baby. 54. She doesn't even eat that much. Where does it all come from? 55. I need to take a moment to appreciate how far I've come in terms of being OK with getting poop on my hands sometimes. 56. Maybe I'm not so bad at childrearing.
57. It's normal to be nervous. I'm a great parent. 58. I like this kid a lot, and that's all that matters. 59. I'm absolutely crushing this parenting thing.
Goldie Steinberg, the sixth-oldest person in the world and the oldest Jew whose age has been verified, passed away yesterday at age 114 in Long Beach, N.Y. She was just two months shy of her 115th birthday and remained mentally sharp until her last moments.
Born Oct. 30, 1900 in Kishinev in the Russian Empire (today, Chisinau, Moldova), Steinberg was a survivor of the infamous 1903 Kishinev pogrom, during which 47 Jews were killed and hundreds more wounded; a second, smaller one, took place in 1905. Steinberg was likely the last living survivor of the massacres.
“We were saved by a Russian neighbor who made sure nothing would happen to us,” she recalled during an interview in the fall of 2013. “He told them that we weren't Jewish.”
RELATED
Steinberg was one of eight children born to Chazkel and Devorah Garfunkel, Chazkel being a respected member of Kishinev's enormous Jewish community.
“My father dealt with customers, and he always had a name for honesty; he was known as an honest man,” Steinberg recalled, adding that when her father offered to serve as a guarantor for a 1,500 ruble loan, the lender trusted him immediately. “He said ‘[Chazkel] doesn't need to sign; I trust him.'”
Her Life: ‘A History Lesson'
Steinberg moved to America in 1923 together with her two sisters, Raizel and Sura, where they were taken in by their father's brother, Max Garfunkel. She lived with her uncle and aunt in the Bensonhurst neighborhood of Brooklyn, N.Y., until she met and married fellow Kishinev immigrant Philip Steinberg in 1932. The couple had two children, Don Sargent and Ann Teicher. Steinberg's husband worked as a jeweler until his passing in 1967, after which Steinberg continued to support her family as a seamstress, working until she retired at 80.
Steinberg's father, Chazkel Garfunkel (Photo: Dovid Margolin)
“My grandmother's life—surviving the pogroms, losing siblings in the Holocaust—it was a history lesson,” says her grandson Peter Kutner. “She was a very selfless person; she always thought of others. She lived on her own in Bensonhurst until she was 104 and refused to move in with my mother because she didn't want to be a burden on her. That tells you something about her.”
At 104, Steinberg moved into the Grandell Rehabilitation and Nursing Center in Long Beach, N.Y., where she was known for her warmth and consideration for others. Just prior to her 113th birthday, the staff at Grandell traded stories about “Goldie,” including one about her waking up in the middle of the night to offer her coughing roommate a throat candy.
“She was a tremendously special person,” says Rabbi Eli Goodman, co-director of Chabad of the Beaches in Long Beach. “Each year there was a birthday party for her. I attended a number of them, and children from the local Jewish schools would come and sing, and bring her presents. It wasn't just her old age that made her special; everyone truly looked up to her.”
When Kutner got a call yesterday from the doctor at Grandell telling him that his grandmother wasn't feeling well, he drove over with his wife and mother.
“A lot of the family was there, and we Facetimed with those who weren't, so they could all say their last goodbyes,” he says. “After she spoke to my cousin Steven and we shut the phone, we saw that she was gone. She waited until the last person.”
In addition to her two children, Steinberg is survived by four grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
Time for another interview on Got A Ukulele and a performer I am delighted agreed to talk to the website. Danielle Anderson, who performs under her stage name of ‘Danielle Ate The Sandwich' will be well known to ukulele fans around the world, perhaps from her rather excellent YouTube videos (some of which I have shared on this site) but also on account of her extremely well received live performances and enviable songwriting skills.
Credit - Kaela Speicher
Credit - Corey Hardwick
Credit - Mercedes
I saw that you play Mya-Moe ukuleles – and obviously there is a connection there with Aaron Keim who you have also appeared in videos with. Are you pleased to be sharing the bill with Aaron and Nicole at GNUF? (nb readers - as well as being a performer, Aaron is a builder with Gordon and Char Mayer at Mya-Moe in the USA)
Born and raised in Nebraska, Danielle has more recently called Fort Collins, Colorado her home and has been touring the US since 2009 with a string of albums to her name. Later this year she is visiting and performing in the UK at the Grand Northern Ukulele Festival which will be a real treat. I caught up with her recently.Thanks Danielle – looking forward to seeing you play at GNUF this year!Danielle Ate The Sandwich is one of the headline performers at this years Grand Northern Ukulele Festival in Huddersfield UK from 27-29 May.Take a listen to one of Danielle's more recent songs below!
This article is over 2 years old
French presidential frontrunner's campaign booklet shows country split into east and west, 26 years after reunification
German media reacted with amusement after the French presidential frontrunner François Fillon published a map in a campaign brochure that showed a divided Germany, 26 years after reunification.
“Something is wrong,” noted news channel N24, while conservative daily Die Welt pointed out “the embarrassing error in François Fillon's programme”.
The Neue Presse saw a return to the cold war era and the days of the communist German Democratic Republic, writing that “in Fillon's programme, the GDR still exists”.
Christian Wernicke (@ChrisCWE) F. Fillon, Aspirant für 2017, läßt per Karte im Wahlprogramm die DDR aus Ruinen auferstehen. Voilà Le Parisien https://t.co/uBlyt2W3mm pic.twitter.com/Uo0HLJo1e8
“That would make Putin happy,” tweeted Reto Knobel, in a social media reference also to Fillon's position of a new rapprochement with Moscow.
Fillon calls for 'transformation' after first-round win in French primary Read more
On page 59 of the policy booklet issued before next May's election, a map of Europe shows a border splitting Germany into east and west as it did before reunification in 1990.
Fillon hopes to clinch the nomination for the Les Républicains party over the centrist Alain Juppé at the weekend.
If he succeeds, he is likely to face the far-right leader, Marine Le Pen, in the knockout finals of next year's election.
• This article was amended on 24 November 2016. An earlier version gave an incorrect date for Germany's reunification.
Robert Huth: Has now made permanent switch from Stoke to Leicester
Leicester City have signed defender Robert Huth from Stoke City on a three-year deal.
The fee for the German centre-half, who spent the second half of last season on loan at Leicester, is thought to be in the region of £3m.
Huth took to his Twitter account to express his delight at the move minutes after the official announcement.
He tweeted: "STOKE YOU HAVE BEEN SENSATIONAL!!! Thanks for everything, I'll never forget it! Now the sexy football show rolls into Leicester!!"
The 30-year-old headed for the King Power Stadium in February and made 14 appearances as Leicester dragged themselves from the brink of relegation to the relative comfort of 14th place in the Premier League.
They lost only four of the games in which he played, with he, Wes Morgan and Marcin Wasilewski providing a sizeable barrier in front of 'keeper Kasper Schmeichel with City keeping five clean sheets in their final nine games, a run from which they claimed 22 of a possible 27 points.
Huth began his professional career at Chelsea, where he won two Premier League titles, before limited opportunities prompted him to head for Middlesbrough in 2006.
Boro's relegation at the end of the 2008-09 season saw him switch to Stoke, where he established himself as a regular at the heart of Tony Pulis' combative rearguard, making 187 appearances for the club.
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes said: "Robert has been a fantastic player for the club and a real fan's favourite.
"He's played a major part in the club's progression over the last few years and we wish him all the very best for the future."
Meanwhile, Sky sources understand that Leicester have also made a £7m bid for Huth's Stoke team-mate Steven Nzonzi.
It is believed that Nzonzi, who has one year left on his current deal, is keen on a move away from the Britannia Stadium and has rejected the offer of a new contract with the club.
Steven Nzonzi: Also subject of a bid from Leicester
Leicester's offer for the highly-rated French midfielder, whose performances last season earned him the players' player and supporters' player of the season awards at Stoke, is expected to be rejected.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes has already turned down a £3m bid from Spanish side Sevilla for the midfielder who has also been linked with Aston Villa and West Ham.
Nzonzi, who began his career with Amiens in France, joined Blackburn Rovers in 2009 for £500,000 before moving to Stoke in a £3m deal in 2012.
Sure, you remember Kurt Russell in an eye patch. Sure, you know that Escape From New York was one of John Carpenter's more successful films. But Escape From New York also has a few surprising behind the scenes connections that you almost definitely didn't know about, which makes the movie the nexus of scifi filmdom. Let's take a look at some of them:
James Cameron: Yup, the “King of the World” himself worked on Escape From New York, helping to create some of the computer effects that look outdated today, but were considered groundbreaking at the time. He was both the matte artist, and the special effects director of photography. And here's a fun fact while you're watching the movie: The zoom in wire-frame shot of New York City seen in the “glider” was too expensive to create using an actual computer, so Cameron created a matte version of NYC out of painted black model buildings, and white tape. A camera then “flew” through the set, to create the computerized effect. It's surprising to think of Cameron as anything other than the cinematic genius in charge of Aliens , Terminator , and The Abyss (oh, and some movie about a boat), but L'il Jimmy got his start taking his orders from John Carpenter himself.
Jamie Lee Curtis: The actress had starred in Carpenter's hit Halloween , which, in fact, convinced the studio to let the director make the post-apocalyptic Escape From New York
in the first place. So it makes sense Carpenter would turn to Curtis,
who took an uncredited role as the narrator and voice of the computer
in the movie. Though there was a long gap for Curtis before her next
scifi projects — a (deleted) guest turn in The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai and 1992's cryogenic love story, Forever Young . (There's also Freaky Friday , should you consider that scifi.)
Joe Unger: Unger is one of those character actors whose face you recognize, if not his name. He's been in every movie from Total Recall , to Pumpkinhead II, but one movie you won't see him in is… Escape From New York.
He was originally cast, and shot scenes as Snake's bank-robbing buddy,
but his plotline was cut in favor of a leaner, meaner beginning for the
film. However, Unger's name remains in the credits.
Tommy Lee Jones & Chuck Norris: No, this isn't our pitch for a third Fugitive
movie (though that would be cool). Both actors were suggested by the
studio as better choices for the role of Snake Plissken than Kurt
Russell. While Carpenter ixnayed Norris for being too old, the studio
feared Russell was too well known from his prior work. Tommy Lee Jones
was a relative unknown, and therefore wouldn't bring the same baggage
to the role. But Carpenter pushed for Russell, and eventually got his
first choice. Too bad for Jones, though; it would be another decade
before the Men in Black star had his next shot at movie stardom.
Check out these, and plenty more hidden connections, when Escape From New York plays on AMC this week. For a full schedule of Escape From New York on AMC, click here.
To share your review of the movie, click here.
When writing code, there are many specific principles that aim to make your code more maintainable: DRY, the single responsibility principle, the Law of Demeter, the open/closed principle, etc. These are great principles to follow, but it can be difficult to keep all of them in your head at once. I've found it's often easier to keep a few broader ideas in mind.
Change Your Perspective
As I'm writing code, I try to constantly review it from the perspective of a new developer joining the project. I imagine what it would be like to read this code for the first time.
Would I understand the overall flow? Have I used terms in a way that is consistent with the rest of the project? If I had to search for this thing without knowing what it is called, would I be able to find it quickly?
At Atomic Object, we often do pair programming, which is a great way to immediately get answers to these questions from someone who is not you.
One of the best ways to ensure that your code is maintainable by someone else (or your future self) is to make it self-documenting. I don't mean that you should add comments all over the place. Comments should be reserved for the rare bits of code that are influenced by factors beyond the code itself (for example, a customer requirement or a bit of historical context). But rather, put serious thought into the naming of everything. After all,
There are only two hard things in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things.
— Phil Karlton
Neatness Matters
Have you ever seen an obfuscated code contest? Yes, it is possible to write code that does something useful and yet is completely unreadable itself. Those contests are just for fun, of course, but it can be easy to slip into bad formatting habits (or apathy toward it altogether). Code that is pleasing to look at also tends to be easier to scan quickly.
Compilers are actually pretty good at parsing and optimizing code, while humans are not. Take pity on the puny humans, and write code for them first, with the machine as only a secondary concern.
Prefer clarity over cleverness. Readability counts for far more than small optimizations. Brian Kernighan said it best:
Everyone knows that debugging is twice as hard as writing a program in the first place. So if you're as clever as you can be when you write it, how will you ever debug it?
Avoid Special Cases
Few things will wreck your code faster than special cases. These are the things that take your nicely constructed machine and poke holes in a few of its tubes. It might seem easier in the short term to just slap some duct tape on it and try to ignore it, but if you don't fix the root issue, it's just going to spring a leak again later on down the road.
This might look like a quick-and-dirty fix to get something working in time for a release. It might look like reusing a component for something it definitely wasn't designed to do. It's those things that mostly work but have a few nasty jagged edges.
It can be tempting to simply use something that gets you most of the way there, but it takes discipline to refactor that thing so it gets you all of the way there. It's worth it!
Capt. Stefan Porteous is returning to the Comox Valley with the CF-18 demo team. Photo supplied.
Years ago in Comox, Stefan Porteous would deliver the Comox Valley Record with his brother and take the occasional break – particularly in the spring – to look skyward and watch the Snowbirds methodically practise overhead.
Those breaks, along with some inspiration from a family friend who worked in aviation, will allow Porteous – now a captain in the Royal Canadian Air Force – to see his life come full circle early next year.
Porteous has been chosen as the RCAF's 2018 CF-18 demonstration pilot.
“I am extremely excited,” he said during a phone interview from a conference in Las Vegas. “It's such a small world because I'm coming home to Comox.”
Every year in April, in conjunction with the Canadian Forces Snowbirds team, the CF-18 demo team trains in the sky over the Comox Valley, in preparation for the upcoming air show season.
When he was 12 years old, Porteous joined the 386 ‘Komox' Royal Canadian Air Cadet Squadron. He earned his glider pilot licence in 2004, followed by his private pilot licence in 2005.
The Highland Secondary School grad joined the military in 2008 and was posted to 4 Wing Cold Lake, for on-the-job training.
Following flight training, he was selected to fly jets in 2012 and received his pilot wings in 2013 on the CT-155 Hawk aircraft.
One year later, he graduated from 410 Tactical Fighter (operational training) Squadron in Cold Lake, which qualified him to fly the CF-18 Hornet.
He is currently posted with 433 Tactical Fighter Squadrons at 3 Wing in Bagotville, Que.
While he doesn't often get the opportunity to return home to visit his parents (who still live in the Valley), he is looking forward to giving his family a firsthand look at what he does in his military career.
“It will be different than flying the plane on a day-to-day basis. It's all about showcasing the power of the F-18. We want to show off that it's loud and fast and everything you think of when you think of a fighter jet. The most challenging part (of the air show circuit) would probably be that we'll be constantly moving around and the transit time,” he noted and added the F-18 is an “incredibly powerful” aircraft.
Not only will Porteous and his team be visiting Canadian and American air shows, they will also fly to the U.K. for a show.
He added the theme in 2018 – the 60th anniversary of NORAD (North American Aerospace Defense Command) – fits in well with the work he does.
CF-18 Hornet fighter aircraft are on continuous alert to respond to any potential aerial threat to the safety of the country and Canadians.
“The bilateral agreement with the U.S. is important as a fighter pilot, to protect the security and sovereignty of airspace in North America. There truly are airplanes ready to go at any time – every day Canadian men and women are ready to go to protect our sovereignty. We take a lot of pride in that, and it'll be a great summer celebrating with our American partners.”
According to the alleged texts, Pearce was "whaled" and had been "humping Bella" while another person at the party named Jack filmed the events. It was suggested that an approach would be made to the Daily Mail to buy the footage and within a day digital media exchange company Diimex was offering the video to media outlets. The alleged exchange reads as follows: A contrite Mitchell Pearce addresses the media about the leaked video on January 29. Credit:Kate Geraghty The alleged text message exchange reads as follows: - Jack has to send you a video of Mitchell Pearce humping Bella
Thinking about selling it to the daily mail to end his career - I had to google Mitchell Pearce! Haha. Wait, humping the dog?
- yep so f---ed and pissed on her lounge
he was whaled - Sounds like an absolute pig
Is Cyn friends with him? - No none of us were - they were with us at the oak and they were pretty normal - giving out liney lineys and then they jumped a cab with me back to hers and went f---ing ape shit! Jack just sat there filming it all The players had been on a club-sanctioned harbour cruise on Australia Day before going to the Royal Oak in Double Bay, where they were given Cabcharge cards from Roosters officials and told to go home. But Pearce and new recruits Dale Copley and Jayden Nikorima continued partying. An NRL spokesman said: "The integrity unit is in possession of the alleged text messages but makes no further comment on its investigation."
The alleged text messages surfaced on social media after Pearce had read a 35-second statement to media in a Surry Hills park at 1pm. Accompanied by his mother Terri, sister Tatum and friend Liam Roach, the son of Balmain great Steve Roach, Pearce looked a shattered man after his very public humiliation. "I'm embarrassed and take full responsibility for my actions," Pearce said. "I acknowledge that I have a problem with alcohol and it's something I need to address. It's not an excuse but finally a realisation that I finally need help. "Together with the club I'm working on a solution for me to address the issues which will come out in the next couple of days. I just want to thank everyone for turning up and I apologise again." The Roosters confirmed on Friday night that Pearce would undergo counselling or rehabilitation after his second alcohol-related incident in two years, following his arrest outside a Kings Cross nightclub on the eve of the 2014 season that cost him his place in the Blues team that finally ended Queensland's eight-year State of Origin domination.
It is understood that Pearce had felt the need to make a public apology because he is the Roosters captain, the incident occurred three weeks before the club's first game of the season against St Helens in the World Club Series and he is returning from injury. No decision has been made on what penalty the Roosters and NRL will impose but Pearce is expected to be stripped of the captaincy, to be fined $50,000 and to be suspended for six matches or more. However, the length of the suspension may be largely irrelevant as Pearce will reportedly spend six weeks in an overseas rehabilitation clinic while he seeks help for the alcohol problem which he has now admitted. There is speculation that the Roosters sleeve sponsor QBE is reviewing its deal with the Roosters, which runs until 2018, in the wake of the Pearce incident. However, a QBE spokesperson said the company would continue to support the Roosters until the investigation was concluded.
A majority of my photo shoots take place at the client's home. However, since moving downtown, a larger contingent of people prefer to include the sights of the city in their shoots. This is great! It's fun to take an active pup and capture a day around town, taking in all Washington D.C. has to offer. However, there is a major problem to overcome in these scenarios. It's illegal to take your dog off leash in these public locations. Therefore, not only do you have to worry about the leash being in the photos, you also have to figure out how to keep the dog's owner (or your assistant) out of the frame. You also have to worry about other people getting in the background of your shot. Sometimes, it just isn't possible to avoid. However, with a little preparation and a bit of simple Photoshop magic, you can get the shot you want. Take the following picture:
This happy pup is Copper. I wanted a wide shot of Copper sitting by the fountain at Dupont Circle. I also wanted Copper's eyes to be pointing back towards the middle of the frame or towards me. Therefore, I had Copper's owner stand in the middle of the staircase. Copper did his job. But now, of course, Copper's owner is now a part of the photo. This is fine, because I also took this shot:
Once I had the shot of Copper being cute, I told the owner to take both him and herself out of the frame. Without moving, I took a shot of only the fountain. Why did I do this? Because I plan on merging the two images and removing Copper's owner. I fired up Lightroom, selected both images, and opened them both as layers in Photoshop.
Now the fun part begins. Select both layers and choose “Auto-Align Layers” from the Edit menu. This will align both images so that the same portions of each picture will line up with the corresponding part on the other picture. This tool is marvelously effective. If you used a tripod to capture both images without moving the tripod, this part is unnecessary.
Make sure the frame without the dog is the bottom layer of the two. Once you have done that, create a layer mask for the top photo. This can be done by clicking the layer mask button at the bottom of the layers section, or by choosing layer mask from the layer menu.
The layer mask will allow us to mask out all parts of an image that we don't want to see. Since our images are aligned and stacked, masking out parts of the top image (our image with both owner and dog) will reveal parts of the bottom image (the empty image of just the fountain). Therefore, we can simply paint away all unwanted portions. With the layer mask selected, choose the paintbrush and set it to black, and paint away the owner.
This image shows the owner partially removed. Since the images are aligned, removing the owner reveals the steps that were behind her! It will work for the rest of the image as well. I continued painting and removed all of the owner, the leash, and a few people from the background.
There you have it! It is not a particularly difficult task to accomplish, but this trick is VITAL for photographers who want to get photos of dogs in public places without wasting too much time.
Brad Novak – Secrets of Pet Photography – Shooting in Public Places
Brad Novak has been photographing dogs in the Washington D.C. area for 5 years. While volunteering as a dog foster parent he enjoyed the challenge of creating beautiful pictures of his foster dogs so they would be adopted faster, and this quickly became his passion. If you would like a photoshoot with your pet, please fill out the contact page HERE.
The owners of the film Dallas Buyers Club plan to ask alleged copyright violators for details of their annual salaries and online file sharing activities to determine the size of the penalty to be charged for claimed infringement.
The Federal Court in Sydney today heard details of the unpublished drafts of the letter and telephone script Dallas Buyers Club LLC proposes to communicate to account holders it has identified as having shared the film online without paying.
Lawyers for internet service providers in the case - which includes iiNet - revealed the draft telephone script would see alleged infringers asked how much they earned annually as well as for details of their downloading history.
To push for such details, ISPs argued, was outside the scope of the case and the court should not allow such questions to be asked.
They said the script was a way of working out how much DBC could demand of an individual user in copyright infringement payments.
Asking what a person has downloaded was effectively conducting a "royal commission into [file sharing software] BitTorrent", the ISPs argued.
Counsel for DBC countered the rights holder was entitled to assert in "reasonably firm terms" why it contended that copyright infringement had taken place.
The telephone script "did not overstep the mark", DBC argued - the questions were relevant and a user could decide whether or not to answer.
"They are perfectly proper questions. We would be criticised if we didn't ask them in terms of our obligations to resolve a case out of court," DBC LLC counsel Ian Pike said.
Letter, script should be private: DBC
The rights holder also argued against the draft letter and telephone script being made public lest it weaken its "bargaining position" and allow alleged infringers to work out how to reduce the fees demanded by DBC.
DBC also said it shouldn't be required to put an individual's proposed fee in the letter "because we can't". ISPs have been pushing for a standard $5 fee.
DBC LLC argued there was no one-size-fits-all approach, and said the penalties would likely sit in a range depending on the severity of the alleged offence.
Those who download once and who have financial difficulties would be on the lower end of the scale, DBC said.
However, Justice Perram questioned how he could be confident that the company would not extort alleged infringers without either specific fee figures or how DBC LLC planned to calculate the penalties.
He ordered the company to submit to him its methodology behind the fee calculation so he could be certain it wouldn't be "unrealistically demanding" in terms of damages.
DBC indicated the methodology would be based on a license fee (had the film been bought) along with a proportion of the company's out-of-pocket costs and additional damages.
Perram agreed with DBC counsel that the methodology should be kept private.
The script and the letter have been tendered into evidence. The documents are open to parties but non-party access wil remain at the judge's discretion. iTnews is seeking access to the files.
A final judgment on the case is expected between July 10 and 15.
First 'vape' store opens in Bend
BEND, Ore. - Bend's first "vape" shop, a lounge for people to buy and smoke e-cigarettes, opened its doors Friday in Bend, and already has a critic who worries such places will become an attractive lure for minors.
The store, called "Vape Game," has an area for playing video games, drinking soda and energy drinks, and of course, vaping, a term for using an e-cigarette that vaporizes a liquid solution to simulate and substitute for tobacco smoking.
"The main demographic of people that actually stay in the lounge, hang out, play video games, they're anywhere from 18-40," said Brennan Venturi, co-owner of the e-cigarette lounge.
The Bend store at 1620 NE Third Street (above Radio Shack) is the third location for Vape Game (others are in Portland and Springfield, according to its Website - which also checks upon arrival to see if you say you're over 18).
In Connecticut, the governor has signed a law making the Nutmeg State the latest of many to ban the sale of electronic cigarettes to minors. Miami-Dade County in Florida did the same.
However, in Oregon, it is still legal to sell electronic cigarettes to minors.
Vape Game forbids minors from entering the store or buying e-cigs, both in-store and online.
But Anne Palmer of Customize Your Quit, a Bend tobacco-addition and cessation support group, is still worried that the store's video games and soda will appeal to minors only.
"Well, how many 50-year-olds sit around and play video games and smoke in a shop?" asked Palmer.
Venturi blasted those claims.
He said he doesn't sell to minors, and that the inside of the store is for the "kid" inside of adult smokers.
"The people who own these stores are adults. And you have an adult demographic that wants to get off of smoking," Venturi said. "You don't need to appeal to minors."
For Palmer, store regulation must become state regulation, as it has in nearly 40 other states in the country.
"We do have a governor who's a physician. He's fully aware of how destructive tobacco and tobacco products are to the public's health," she said. "He's aware of that. I wish I knew why he hasn't jumped on board."
In public, President Trump is having a great time pretending to drive big rigs and wearing pins that read "I Heart Trucks," but behind the scenes, he is seriously regretting throwing his support behind House Speaker Paul Ryan's health-care plan, The New York Times reports.
Four people close to the president told The Times he now wishes he had pushed through tax cuts first, which would have pleased Republicans, rather than focus on the deeply unpopular health-care overhaul. Stephen Bannon, Trump's chief strategist, and Gary Cohn, the director of the National Economic Council, are both in agreement with him, and Trump gave his budget director, Mick Mulvaney, a message that he delivered Thursday night to GOP leaders: Hold a vote on the health-care bill Friday, and if it fails, Trump is moving on.
The Times' Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman spoke with more than a dozen aides and allies of Trump, and they said he's spent the last week jittery and impatient. He's someone who cares more about winning than dealing with policy details, the people close to him explained, and he prides himself on making deals, sometimes at the last minute, which is why he's struggling with negotiating with moderate Republicans who think the health-care bill is too harsh and conservatives who think it doesn't go far enough. Jared Kushner, his son-in-law and senior adviser, has said for days he thinks it was a mistake for Trump to support the bill, and senior Republicans told The Times that Vice President Mike Pence suggested Trump keep his distance from the proposal, making sure to remind people that it was all Ryan's idea. Read more about Trump's self-doubt at The New York Times. Catherine Garcia
After a video of Maxine Waters standing up to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin's attempts to dodge her questions went viral, writer Will Saletan shared it and tweeted, "Advice to parents: Teach your daughter to say 'No' firmly and mean it. Men sense women's willingness to yield. Make clear you mean business."
While it's good for women to be assertive, ending sexism is not as simple as "say 'no' firmly." When women do behave assertively, after all, they're penalized for being too "aggressive," "bossy," or "masculine." Plus, if we focus on women's behavior, men won't learn to respect them, no matter how "firmly" they speak.
Even more troublingly, this advice sounds dangerously similar to the victim-blaming sexual assault victims often face. It shouldn't matter how someone says "no" to an unwanted sexual advance. "No" still means "no." In fact, anything other than "yes" means "no." Saletan writes that men "sense women's willingness to yield," but a sexual assault victim—or a victim of everyday sexism—isn't "willing" at all; they're forced into the situation.
Many Twitter users pointed out that instead of holding women responsible for preventing something they're not at fault for, we should teach men not to target them. "Yes. But after seeing many confrontations, I'm convinced girls and women will be the ones who break this cycle. It's not fair, but it's true," Saletan defended himself. "I've seen many women try to debate men, or assert themselves in conversation, with insufficient firmness."
The problem with Saletan's defenses is that as long as we perpetuate the belief that women must speak and act in a way that gets men to respect them, men will continue to deem them either not firm enough or too firm—and women deemed too firm will continue to face horrifying backlash. Plus, as was pointed out, we won't be addressing the root of the issue: that men are targeting them in the first place.
If we really want men to stop belittling women (or worse), we need to teach them to respect a "no"—or anything other than a "yes"—no matter what tone of voice it's stated in.
10 years ago
Liz Cheney joined her parents on a trip to the Middle East in March 2008.
(CNN) - Liz Cheney is picking up where her father left off when it comes to taking aim at the Obama administration, saying Tuesday the new commander-in-chief appears to be siding with terrorists.
In an interview on Fox News, the daughter of Vice President Dick Cheney sharply criticized the new administration for agreeing to release photographs depicting alleged abuses at U.S. prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan during the Bush administration.
"I think it is really appalling that the administration is taking this step," she said in the interview. "Clearly what they are doing is releasing images that show American military men and woman in a very negative light."
"I have heard from families of service members from families of 9/11 victims this question about when did it become so fashionable for us to side, really, with the terrorists," she continued. "You know, President Obama has a lot of rhetoric about support for American military families, support for our men and women who are fighting for us overseas. But if he really cares about them, then he wouldn't be making such an effort to release photos that show them in a negative light."
Late last month, Pentagon officials said the hundreds of photographs released are from more than 60 criminal investigations from 2001 to 2006, and show military personnel allegedly abusing detainees. But the officials rejected allegations by the American Civil Liberties Union that the photos show a systemic pattern of abuse by the military.
In her interview Monday, Cheney also echoed recent calls from her father for the Obama administration to release classified documents detailing information yielded from the aggressive interrogation techniques since denounced by the president.
"They seem only to be interested in releasing things that really paint American in a negative light and don't give the American people a full picture of what went on," she said.
The limitless applications of 3D data visualization will enable a more efficient approach to many of life's problems. Each day, developers exploring this technology are finding new ways to solve these problems in mixed reality; 3D modeling, easier house management, spinal surgery, and forest fire management are just a few recent examples of ways 3D data visualization can benefit us all.
The military, on the other hand, has quite a different set of problems to manage.
From a logistics standpoint, there are a lot of moving parts in the military to consider such as personnel, deployment, training, resources, and supply lines, to name just a few things that have to be managed constantly. Here we are talking big-picture ideas that could utilize 3D data visualization from a top-down view. If we scale down to real-time operations for individual missions, there's recon, intel, tracking, and response, and this list could keep going.
Some of these overly complex moving parts are now being explored in the augmented and mixed reality space of the Microsoft HoloLens—with a much larger budget.
Image via Saab Australia
Here I would propose that the HoloLens development community goes out and does an amazing job creating new ways to work, learn, and be entertained. Maybe then the world will be happy and military conflict will go the way of the dodo? Probably not.
Idealism aside, with the right application, the types of conflicts that make the military necessary could be handled far more efficiently. This could result in overall lower casualty rates—especially civilian—better objective completion ratios, and overall less money being spent in the process of completing these tasks.
The Defence Science and Technology Group, which is part of the Australian Department of Defence, in conjunction with Saab Australia, put together a significant demonstration on October 25, 2016, in Canberra, the capital city of Australia. This presentation, for the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) and Department of Defence top brass, used the HoloLens to present 3D visualization simulations.
In case you are confused, we here in the United States know of Saab as an automotive manufacturer, but abroad they are better known as a personal security and military service provider.
Immediately after the presentation, Kevin McDonald, DST Group scientist, talked about how augmented reality could change the way defensive actions are handled.
Augmented reality technology is evolving and this demonstration aims to increase awareness and interest in how ARV can be adapted and used for future Defence applications – either for planning or training. Specifically, the scenario and simulations explored today show the utility this technology can have on our decision-making models and behavior in certain situations, and how they can shape and aid our responses to threats. — Kevin McDonald DST Group (via CIO)
Saab Australia are members of the Microsoft HoloLens Enterprise Acceleration Program—a much tighter partnership program for HoloLens enterprise developers. Dean Rosenfield, the Managing Director of Saab Australia, relayed the range of goals driving the Saab's HoloLens research:
Our Training and Simulation team see the huge potential for Microsoft Hololens and are already working on a range of civil and military applications in training, simulation and education. Mixed Reality technology is truly groundbreaking and will revolutionise the way we train, educate and operate across the whole of society. — Dean Rosenfield, Saab Australia (via press release)
Image via Saab Australia
The name that has been assigned to this proposed technological overhaul—or part of the Royal Australia Air Force's transition to a 5th generation fighting force—is Project Jericho Dawn / Plan Jericho. This would be the largest technological upgrade in the Australian Air Force's history. This appears to be one of many initiatives the RAAF has in the works to upgrade their "to fight and win in the information age."
Will the new model army become Call of Duty? Why can't we all just get along? Let us know in the comments.
Google has handed out a new mobile phone running its Android software to some employees, stirring another wave of speculation that the oft-rumored Google Phone is real.
In a blog post on Saturday morning, Google said the phones are being distributed so that workers can experiment with new mobile features. It did not say the device will be a Google-branded phone.
But in a Twitter message earlier, a Google employee who said she has the phone r eferred to it as a "Google phone," fuelling the latest speculation.
Since even before Google unveiled Android, onlookers wondered if the search giant would release its own phone. Instead, it released an open source operating system that other hardware vendors can use to make phones.
In the Google blog post, Mario Queiroz, a vice president of product management, said the company gave the phone to employees as a way to test new technologies.
"We recently came up with the concept of a mobile lab, which is a device that combines innovative hardware from a partner with software that runs on Android to experiment with new mobile features and capabilities, and we shared this device with Google employees across the globe," he wrote. "This means they get to test out a new technology and help improve it."
He said he could not share specific details about the product.
The post appeared to be a response to a Twitter message posted by a Google employee Friday evening, who said she had the phone. The post, first reported by TechCrunch, sparked the new round of speculation.
"ZOMG we had fireworks and we all got the new Google phone. It's beautiful," wrote Leslie Hawthorn, a program manager on Google's open source team.
While the term "Google phone" has been used to describe a device built and branded by Google, many also use the term to refer to any phone running Android. So it was unclear if Hawthorne was talking about a device that will be branded and sold by Google.
A podcast producer for CNET said Friday he had seen one of the phones, adding to the speculation. The hardware is made by HTC and running Android 2.1, the next generation of the software, Jason Howell wrote in a Twitter message. The phones were given to employees unlocked and the one he saw was running on AT&T's network, he said. Because it is unlocked, workers could also choose to use T-Mobile.
"It was thin. Dare I say as if not a bit thinner than iPhone," he wrote. The phone used an on-screen keyboard instead of a hardware keyboard. He said Google was expected to reveal more details in the next few days.
Image caption John McAfee says police in Belize want to frame him for the murder of US businessman Gregory Faull
The founder of the anti-virus software firm McAfee has denied murdering one of his neighbours in Belize.
John McAfee said he did not kill fellow American Gregory Faull, who was found shot dead on Sunday on Ambergris Caye island, off the Belize coast, where both men lived.
Police in Belize say he is a "person of interest" in their inquiries into Mr Faull's murder.
Mr McAfee says he is hiding from police out of fear they want to kill him.
He was detained earlier this year over the alleged possession of guns and drugs, but was released without charge.
Mr McAfee told the Associated Press news agency in a telephone interview that he was in hiding somewhere in Belize in the company of a young woman.
He said Gregory Faull had been "an annoyance" but denied killing him. Mr McAfee told AP he was unarmed and changing locations frequently to stay one step ahead of the police.
The police say they want to question him over the murder of Mr Faull, who was found lying in a pool of his own blood on Sunday morning.
Belize's Prime Minister Dean Barrow has urged Mr McAfee to help police with their inquiries. He said Mr McAfee was being paranoid.
"I don't want to be unkind, but he seems to be extremely paranoid, I would go as far as to say bonkers," Mr Barrow said.
Mr McAfee, who made millions selling his software firm in the early 1990s, settled in the Central American country around four years ago.
Now a yoga aficionado, he no longer has any role in the anti-virus software company he founded.
ConVRge, the online VR social space, has announced its event lineup for this weekend and they include an informal AMA with the Road to VR team as well as a developer focused Q&A with Leap Motion ‘Experience Engineer' Isaac Cohen.
The team at ConVRge HQ certainly are not resting on their laurels. As well as a regular stream of updates to the social VR application, which allows multiple users to congregate in a virtual space for meetings and gatherings, the team are working hard to make sure there are things to see and do when you log on.
This week, version 0.18 of the ConVRge client was release with a handful of fixes and updates. You can find details and a discussion of what's new in a thread over on reddit here. Here's details on this weekends event:
Leap Motion Q&A with Isaac Cohen, Experience Engineer
This Saturday 25th April @2pm EDT / 8pm CEST, you can log on to fire your burning developer questions at Isaac Cohen, ‘Experience Engineer' at Leap Motion as he conducts a Q&A focused on the motion input technology. The company recently announced a partnership with OSVR, so there should be plenty to talk about.
Road to VR Team Panel Discussion and AMA
Following that, on Sunday 26th April @4pm EDT / 10pm CEST, you'll be able to join the Road to VR team for an informal panel discussion in ConVRge. Resident Podcaster Reverend Kyle, Editor and Co-Founder Paul James, Staff Writer Scott Hayden and Community Liaison Chris Madsen will all be there to field questions, and perhaps even take some light personal abuse from the audience. Come along and meet the team!
The ConVRge team will also be releasing new custom / community avatar functionality next week. This will allow anyone to upload their own avatar to the service and have it appear in the game shortly thereafter once the ConVRge team have made sure it meets the below criteria:
Avatars must have less than 500 vertices & 1000 faces
If the avatar is bigger than 1m cubed we will scale it down, so aim for that size
Avatars with eyes are much better for social interaction
No nudity or sexual references please :)
One thing to note, VR is optional both events above – the ConVRge client will work just fine without a VR headset, so you've no excuse not to log on. We hope to see you online on Sunday, come by and say hello and we look forward to virtually meeting you.
EBRSO: Woman arrested after overdose in front of daughter in Walgreens
BATON ROUGE - East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office arrested a 35-year-old woman for cruelty to her daughter after overdosing in a Walgreens bathroom.
According to police, the incident occurred on Tuesday around 6:30 p.m. at the Walgreens on Plank Road. Police say that Shannon Dupre was passed out in the bathroom of the store due to an overdose.
According to police, Dupre overdosed on a mixture of heroin, meth, and marijuana. Police say that drug paraphernalia was on the floor next to her when Dupre was found.
A customer located Dupre's 7-year-old daughter walking around the store crying. Police say that Dupre's daughter told officers that she was in the bathroom while her mother injected drugs and passed out.
EMS said that Dupre died and was revived with Narcan, an opiate antidote, and then transported to Lane Memorial for treatment.
According to police, Dupre was released from Lane Memorial and booked into parish prison for possession of marijuana, possession of heroin, possession of crystal meth, possession of drug paraphernalia, child desertion, cruelty to juveniles and illegal use of a controlled/dangerous substance in the presence of a juvenile.
Want more hot BPR News stories? Sign up for our morning blast HERE
Coal country is lashing out at Hillary Clinton.
After Clinton made the remarks that her presidency would put tons of coal miners out of work, and then walked the statement back, democrats in the state are coming out to support presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump.
CNN took to the streets of Logan County, West Virginia and found that a number of registered democrats would be switching parties, as they say Clinton would kill coal country.
“She meant what she said the first time about getting rid of the coal jobs and shutting down industry and all that,” said one democrat who will be voting for Trump this election cycle after being laid off from his coal mining job.
When pressed by CNN about Clinton's walk-back of the remark, the same voter said “She's a politician, what do you expect her to say?”
A female democrat voter told CNN she would also be voting for Trump if it came to a Trump versus Clinton general election.
Another registered democrat and laid off coal miner told CNN “No, I'm not going to be voting Democrat when I vote for the president.”
“So you're voting for?” CNN asked. “Trump,” the man answered.
Take a look at the segment here:
Sign up for our morning blast HERE
h/t: The Gateway Pundit
SAN JOSE — Harry Edwards, one of San Jose State University's most radical and vocal students from the civil rights upheavals of the '60s, has come a very long way. On Tuesday, the university announced that Edwards, 73, still a towering presence in the areas of human and civil rights, will be the 2016 commencement speaker. He will also receive an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters at the May 28 ceremony at Spartan Football Stadium.
“Harry Edwards came to San Jose State to pursue an education while representing the university in intercollegiate athletics, and he accomplished both with extraordinary distinction,” said SJSU Interim President Susan Martin in a statement. “Dr. Edwards went on to dedicate his life to developing innovative approaches for raising the nation's consciousness about the hidden inequities and barriers that exist in our society through his work in athletics. We are proud to recognize his contributions with an honorary degree and look forward to hearing him address our graduates.”
About 9,000 SJSU students will earn bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees this year and another 15,000 family members and friends are expected to hear Edwards, a powerful public speaker. Standing 6-foot-8 inches tall, Edwards is still built like the double-sport athlete he was at the university, where he was captain of the basketball team and set school records for the discus.
In 2013, when SJSU was roiling with racial animus over a bullying incident involving a black freshman, Edwards came to campus with several other major speakers who analyzed the highly charged situation accompanied by marches, meetings and angry speeches.
Before a packed auditorium, Edwards, known at the school as the catalyst behind the 1960s Olympic Project for Human Rights, and the famed Olympic Black Power salutes, urged modern-day students to sacrifice, protest and work for the future campus community — but not to be naive.
“When you stand up,” he said in his famed, booming voice, “you will pay a price. … If you really take this thing on, you will not get out unscathed.”
That night on stage, Edwards pulled out a thick, tattered scrapbook and showed off yellowed copies of numerous newspaper stories about protests, standoffs and marches either inspired by Edwards or led by him.
This graduation day trip back to SJSU will be notably more soothing than back when Edwards was a catalyst who went on to graduate in 1964 with a degree in sociology. While he was pursuing his doctorate at Cornell University in New York, he took a break to return to San Jose State, where he worked as a part-time instructor of sociology.
“The year was 1966, and the civil rights movement was in full swing,” read a biography offered by the university. “Drawing on his childhood experiences, his years as a college athlete, his academic training, and his desire to educate, Edwards began gaining national attention for speaking out on the inequities he perceived in the nation and the sports world.”
During the 1967 college football season, Edwards presented a list of civil rights grievances to the administration on behalf of black students, particularly its athletes. Edwards's group threatened to disrupt the opening game of the season if the demands were not met. The New York Times reported: “It was a regional watershed in radical sports activism, and the mainstream reaction was also a first; the opening game was canceled.”
The following year — with the assassinations of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and U.S. Senator Robert Kennedy — Edwards backed the Olympic Project for Human Rights, which called for black athletes to boycott the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City. During the gold and bronze medal ceremony, SJSU track stars, Tommie Smith and John Carlos raised gloved, black power salutes that were condemned around the world. Three decades later, the school had grown so proud of them, a 24-foot statue of the two runners, raising their fists was erected in the center of campus.
Raised in East St. Louis, Ill., the second of eight children, Edwards was inspired by his dad, who had only a third grade education, for the way he supported his family. Still, his dad encouraged his bright, athletic son to take advantage of the opportunities the sports world provided.
Ultimately, Edwards earned that doctorate from Cornell in 1971, and launched a distinguished, three-decade career as a professor of sociology at UC- Berkeley. His famed course — “Sociology of Sports” — was among the most popular on campus.
Today, Edwards lives in Fremont with his wife of 47 years — Sandra Boze Edwards — whom he met at SJSU. They are the parents of three adult children: a lawyer, a physician, and an information technology/computer programming specialist.
The author of four books: “The Struggle That Must Be,” “Sociology of Sports,” “Black Students,” and “The Revolt of the Black Athlete,” Edwards has worked as a special counselor for a number of professional leagues and teams — including the Warriors and the Forty-Niners.
“In all of these roles,” according to the university, “he sought to develop practices and programs to increase minority representation in the coaching ranks and to support players of color as they navigated the opportunities and pressures of college and professional sports.”
Contact David E. Early at 408-920-5836 or dearly@mercurynews.com. Contact Katy Murphy at 510-293-6424.
I first heard about the Syrian rebel who was supposed to have eaten a heart on Monday, when a friend who lives in Beirut tweeted something cryptic about abuse videos. Against my better instincts, I opened one of the links he attached to his tweet. It showed soldiers (or was it militia members? Rebels? It can be hard to tell in Syria) beating prisoners, whipping them with ropes. In the YouTube sidebar, there were a host of other videos, some tagged in Arabic and others in English, broadcasting their sickening contents: “18+, Basher Assad Soldiers Mutilating,” and so forth. After the warnings about graphic content, whatever video there is simply rolls, and whoever has chosen to click on it, whether over or under eighteen, watches it, and then lives with what he or she has seen.
Such videos have increasingly come to represent a new weapon in modern wars-by-terror. The phenomenon is not unique to Syria. One recent, much-commented-on video depicts the decapitation-by-chainsaw of a Mexican gang member by rival narcos. Violent networks around the world seem to have taken inspiration from Al Qaeda in their efforts to terrorize captive societies by filming, and broadcasting, the executions of their enemies. This began, to my knowledge, when Al Qaeda filmed Daniel Pearl's decapitation, in 2002, and was followed, during the Iraq War, with a raft of real-life snuff videos courtesy of Al Qaeda and its allies: Margaret Hassan, a kidnapped British relief worker; the young American Nicholas Berg; many who got less attention because they were not Westerners. How many have we heard described in news reports since then? Usually, our television channels and newspapers have shown discretion, and what we have seen is, at most, merely a screenshot of the hostage looking abjectly into the camera—but we all know what came next. Most of us, I suppose, never think of actually looking up the video that shows the deaths themselves, because that would be prurient, brutal, and yet we all know they are out there. And, no doubt, there are plenty of people who do look for them.
It's sobering to acknowledge that, for a previous generation of television viewers—not so long ago—the most terrifying thing they had ever seen (and for many it induced enduring fears) was the shower scene in “Psycho.” That's so much “Captain Kangaroo” compared to what we can watch today, and if there were ever any question that what one sees on a screen has before-and-after consequences, consider these videos from the world's killing grounds. If you want to see what someone looks like as he is stabbed, as he is told he is about to die, as he is beaten to death, or cut into pieces, it is all just a click away.
Once, some years ago in Iraq, where I was spending long periods of time reporting, I decided I had to look at one of these videos. Kidnapping and decapitation in front of a video camera was the nightmare fate that potentially awaited all of us there, and, on a Web site that offered a couple of dozen, I chose one at random to watch. It depicted the decapitation of a middle-aged Turkish trucker whose crime had been to carry cargo between Turkey and Baghdad, which was then under American military control. According to Al Qaeda's extreme interpretation of what made an enemy, his was a crime that merited death, for the goods he ferried to Baghdad meant that the American troops, or the puppet government they defended, would be equipped with toilet paper, or mineral water, or gasoline.
The video began with the hapless Turk seated facing the camera, expressionlessly kneeling in front of men who wielded guns and swords and wore black executioner's masks. Then one of them invoked God and began to saw unceremoniously at the trucker's neck. Because of the poor bandwidth in Baghdad, the video continually cut out and began rebuffering, and so I watched the moment at which the Turkish trucker began to die several times, before I gave up and stopped. And so I didn't see it through to what is the disturbingly intentional element of spectacle in all of these videos—the money shot—the moment after the head is freed from the body and the executioner takes it in his hands.
These latest Syrian videos—most of them, thankfully—end before the moment of death, but, as I trawled through several, there were similar scenes, of men objectifying others, whipping and beating them, tormenting them before what appeared to be their inevitable deaths. Any individual scene may be impossible to verify. In every single case, I felt soiled by the act of watching.
It was during this perusal that I ran across what has now been widely referred to as the rebel-eats-heart video, which Human Rights Watch has singled out for condemnation. As we now know, because the man who appears in it, Khalid al-Hamad, granted a Skype interview to Time, and the magazine had a surgeon watch the video, the organ in question was actually a piece of the victim's lung, which al-Hamad thought was his liver, and not his heart at all.
What to say about this latest outrage? Al-Hamad is, clearly, a man in the full grip of the Syrian war's killing fever, with all that that entails. To justify himself, he said he'd found a trophy video in his victim's cell phone that showed the rape, with a stick, of a woman and her two daughters. In the kind of no-holds-barred war of hatred that is occurring in Syria, the killing is often close-up, and, in the desire to outdo the latest outrage committed by the enemy, the instincts that are unleashed can be akin, apparently, to those that are merely ritualized in the hardest of hardcore sado-porn. In the battlefield, there is nothing to hold the instincts back, and ultimately they merge there with the desire to commit to murder.
It has always been thus, and let's not anyone forget it. The photographs from the Rape of Nanking, in 1937, are almost unbearable. In Vietnam, American soldiers collected Viet Cong ears, raped and murdered Vietnamese girls, and did so much more that we have long since forgotten about. In Afghanistan three years ago, several American soldiers were arrested after they were discovered to be “sport-killing” Afghan civilians, cutting off parts of their bodies, and posing for cell-phone pictures. (And we shouldn't forget the Abu Ghraib snapshots.) Last year, in Afghanistan, another video emerged showing American soldiers urinating on the corpses of Taliban suspects. And so on.
In war, you kill a man, and, to take away the fear that you feel, you objectify him, you humiliate him, before or after his death; you exult in his death; you persuade yourself you have truly conquered him. This ritual is as old as mankind, and it is something we unlock every time we go to war, or cheerlead others into fighting a war for us. Maybe ninety-nine out of a hundred soldiers, or some even greater number, will limit themselves to doing what they have to do, and kill because they must, because their society asks them to, telling them that it is us and them, or because everyone around them is doing it, too, and because of the belief that if they don't, they will be killed. But some number will also feel the need to desecrate the corpse, will pose for photos with it, will cut off an extremity, or eat a part of that body in an attempt to vanquish not just the flesh of the dead victim but his spirit, too—and, perhaps, destroy their own.
Illustration by Laurent Cilluffo.
New Zealand has voted to keep its current flag by 57 percent to 43 percent in a nationwide poll.
More than 2 million people voted in the ballot to decide whether to keep the British Union Jack on their flag or replace it with a silver fern. The results were announced on Thursday.
The current flag has been the national symbol since 1902. It was up against a new design that was winnowed from more than 10,000 entries submitted by the public.
Those advocating change argued the flag was a relic of the nation's colonial past and too similar to Australia's flag. Those favouring the status quo said the new design was uninspiring or an attempt by Prime Minister John Key to create a legacy.
New Zealand votes to keep current flag with 56.6% of the vote, compared to 43.2% for Lockwood #nzflag pic.twitter.com/1Ao6WW1OmD — Elle Hunt (@mlle_elle) March 24, 2016
A statement issued by Deputy Prime Minister Bill English said:
We have run a robust, democratic process that has allowed us to discuss who we are and how we want to be represented on the world stage. I acknowledge there will be those who are disappointed with the outcome, but the majority of New Zealanders have spoken and we should all embrace that decision. This process has engaged Kiwis in their homes, in their schools and in their workplaces, here in New Zealand, and right around the world – it is something we've all had a point of view on. It's been a good conversation to have – voter turn-out of 2,119, 953 shows how deeply passionate New Zealanders are about their national identity. This process has been a good debate around patriotism. Now a flag has been decided I encourage all New Zealanders to use it, embrace it and, more importantly, be proud of it.
The Twitterati, as they tend to, had their own say on the matter. Here's a sample:
New Zealand has voted to retain our current flag. I encourage all NZers to use it, embrace it and, more importantly, be proud of it. — John Key (@johnkeypm) March 24, 2016
Looks like our commonwealth ties are here to stay. #NZFlag — TJ (@brownoclock) March 24, 2016
It took something stupid like $26million to decide we are keep the old flag. It's not like that money could help the less fortunate.#NZFlag — megan teaz (@megan_teaz) March 24, 2016
I'm relieved the #nzflag #nz beat the disposable plastic picnic plate logo. But I can't celebrate wasting $26 Million on a vanity project. — Darryl Ward (@darrylward) March 24, 2016
We are keeping the old flag #NZFlag pic.twitter.com/T0rp8I3hkV — 51 Days Till LM GWT (@WSpark98NZ) March 24, 2016
I think our future #nzflag should just be the map of NZ. Then every time we see it in the media we'll be like "Look! There we are! Go us!" — Thom Adams (@ThomedyAdams) March 24, 2016
The real loser here is the rest of the world, who will no longer hear NZers melodious pronunciation of 'the fleg' on the airwaves #nzflag — Kristin Hall (@kristinhallNZ) March 24, 2016
On to more important things...WE HAVE A FOUR DAY WEEKEND! #nzflag — Jayde Meech (@JaydeyMeechey) March 24, 2016
Quite right!
With inputs from AP
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Learning a new programming language can be a daunting task and at times difficult to know where to start. Now try to learn a new web framework at the same time and you have a recipe for confusion.
Ruby is a programming language created in the mid-90's but gaining in popularity daily. Ruby on Rails is a term we seem to hear daily now with more and more companies adopting it to create web applications in less time with less ceremony.
Where does one start to learn a foreign programming language and a foreign web framework? There are a number of great books out there, some starter books but others more advanced.
Related Vendor Content Troubleshoot performance bottlenecks and optimize your application performance with Site24x7.
One resource for Java and .NET developers or anyone wanting to get started with Ruby on Rails 3 is RailsTutorial.org. This site created by Rubyist Michael Hartl, is a destination with the Ruby novice in mind. Whether you learn best by reading a book or watching videos, Michael offers both.
InfoQ had the opportunity to talk with Michael about his approach to teaching people Ruby on Rails. His book, the Ruby on Rails 3 Tutorial, from which he was kind enough to provide Chapter 8 of the book titled "Sign up". This chapter guides the developer along the path of creating a user sign up page for their Rails application.
Robert Bazinet (RB): Who are you and tell me a bit about your background?
Michael Hartl (MH): I'm a programmer, educator, and entrepreneur. I coauthored RailsSpace, a best-selling Rails tutorial book published in 2007, and was cofounder and lead developer of Insoshi, a popular social networking platform in Ruby on Rails. Previously, I taught theoretical and computational physics at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), and in 2008 I participated in the Y-Combinator entrepreneur program.
RB: What is the Ruby on Rails 3 Tutorial book?
MH: The Ruby on Rails 3 Tutorial book teaches how to develop and deploy real, industrial-strength web applications with Ruby on Rails, the open-source web framework that powers many of the web's top sites,including Twitter, Hulu, and the Yellow Pages.
RB: What type of developer should read this book?
MH: The book is suitable for anyone interested in learning web development with Ruby on Rails.
RB: I see you also provide a video tutorial series for Rails 3 as well. Is this companion content for the book or completely separate material than the book? What will people find different about the videos than the book?
MH: The screencasts follow the book for the most part, but the screencast format leads to a very different and complementary learning experience. It's similar to the difference between a book and a movie based on the book.
RB: The Railstutorial.org site allows readers to view the entire contents of the book for free; What is the purpose of providing this free content?
MH: The free content is a business strategy. It leads to inbound links, good search engine placement, lots of referrals, and tons of good karma.
RB: Do you think Rails 3 is a lot better than Rails 2.3 for new developers coming to the framework?
MH: The internals of Rails 3 are significantly cleaner than those of Rails 2.3, but for the typical developer I don't think the difference is all that large. The biggest difference is that the Rails 3 public API is now stable by design, so Rails 3 will be easier on newbies as we move forward because fewer things will break from one release to the next.
RB: What is the best approach for an experienced programmer to learn Rails and bring the framework into use at their company?
MH: In terms of selling the framework internally, I'd suggest pointing to the many successful websites using Rails. As far as learning Rails goes, I think a certain book and screencast series fit the bill.
RB: Our audience is made of mainly of enterprise developers. Is Rails 3 ready for the enterprise and how do you see it stack up against current enterprise languages such as Java and C#?
MH: I have experience with neither Java nor C#, so I'm not in a position to compare them to Ruby, and I'm also unfamiliar with the Java and C# web frameworks. Based on its use in companies with high-traffic siteslike Twitter, yp.com, and Groupon, Rails certainly looks enterprise-ready.
RB: Enterprise applications often leverage many integration points with disparate system. Do you see Ruby and in particular, Rails, have the ability to provide this type of support to enterprise developers? Is Ruby/Rails better suited for integration than other languages and frameworks?
MH: I don't have much experience with enterprise applications, but I know that many companies, such as LinkedIn, use JRuby on Rails so that theycan interface natively with their many Java applications. Apparentlywhat you end up with is a WAR file, and you can deploy it like anyother Java web app.
RB: Is there anything specific about your background that prepared youto make the Ruby on Rails Tutorial?
MH: Web development is hard, much harder than most people realize, and my background in teaching physics helped me learn to anticipate which aspects of Rails would be confusing. During my five years teaching the core curriculum at Caltech, I constantly had to break down the subject (mainly mechanics and electrodynamics) into digestible pieces, always anticipating potential sources of difficulty. I applied that same approach when writing the Ruby on Rails Tutorial book.
RB: Are there any other projects you'd like to talk about?
MH: I sometimes half-jokingly refer to myself as "the world's leading anti-pi propagandist". Last year I wrote a paper called The Tau Manifesto, which proposes a new notation for an important mathematical constant: instead of pi = C/D, I use tau = C/r.I also started a holiday, Tau Day, on June 28, which competes with Pi Day on March 14. The project has gotten a lot of attention, including appearances in New Scientist magazine and CNN.com.
If you look at The Tau Manifesto, you'll see it's nicely formatted online and also comes as a PDF, much like the Rails Tutorial book.That's no coincidence: I produced both documents using a custom-written Ruby program called PolyTeXnic, which is built on top of the LaTeX typesetting system. I hope to release PolyTeXnic as an open-source project at some point to help other people make pretty technical documents for the web (while also producing attractive PDFs).
RB: Thank you for your time.
Readers who are interested in reading Michael's book online can visit the Ruby on Rails Tutorial book web site. The book and videos are also available on the Ruby on Rails Tutorial web site.
Those planning on attending RailsConf 2011, May 16-19 in Baltimore, MD can hear Michael speak with his Intro to Rails - Part 1 & 2 tutorial.
About the Book Author
Michael Hartl is a programmer, educator, and entrepreneur. Michael was coauthor of RailsSpace, a best-selling Rails tutorial book published in 2007, and was cofounder and lead developer of Insoshi, a popular social networking platform in Ruby on Rails. Previously, he taught theoretical and computational physics at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), where he received the Lifetime Achievement Award for Excellence in Teaching. Michael is a graduate of Harvard College, has a Ph.D. in Physics from Caltech, and is an alumnus of the Y Combinator entrepreneur program.
The publisher of this book, Addison-Wesley, has made the screencasts available on DVD format, which comes bundled with the book in a shrink-wrapped package.
Iowa has suspended backup quarterback A.J. Derby for two games following his weekend arrest.
Derby, a redshirt freshman, was arrested on charges of fourth-degree criminal mischief and public intoxication following an incident at an Iowa City bar late Saturday night. Sherriff's deputies responded to a complaint that a man had punched out the window of a bus as he was departing it.
A criminal complaint states that the 20-year-old Derby admitted to punching out the window and said he would pay for the damage. He submitted to a breath test that showed his blood-alcohol level at .120, and he was booked and released that night.
Hawkeyes coach Kirk Ferentz said in a statement Monday that Derby's suspension comes "as a result of his poor decisions this past weekend." Iowa was on its bye week Saturday.
Derby has seen limited action in two games this season, completing 3 of 6 passes for 30 yards. Junior John Wienke will move into the backup role the next two weeks for Big Ten games against Penn State and Northwestern.
Adam Rittenberg covers Big Ten football for ESPN.com. He can be reached at espnritt@gmail.com
An Apache helicopter firing a laser weapon. Raytheon
Long relegated to the world of science fiction, lasers and rail guns are increasingly appearing in real life.
Railguns use electromagnets to fire projectiles at supersonic speeds, while lasers fire pure energy bursts.
In 2012, the US Navy test-fired a rail gun for the first time and later announced plans to put one on the guided-missile destroyer USS Zumwalt.
In 2014, the Navy mounted and tested a laser on the USS Ponce, an amphibious transport dock, successfully taking out the engine of a small inflatable boat containing a rocket-propelled grenade.
More recently, the US Army successfully tested a laser mounted on an Apache helicopter, and the Air Force is planning to put lasers on AC-130s.
Despite these many successful tests, the two weapons aren't currently operational, Bob Freeman, a spokesman for the Office of Naval Research, told Business Insider, notwithstanding CNN's recent story claiming that the laser aboard the Ponce is "ready to be fired at targets today and every day by Capt. Christopher Wells and his crew."
The laser aboard the Ponce is "not the final product," Freeman said. It is a low-energy laser that has been tested to shoot down drones. If the Ponce is threatened, they'll still use conventional weapons.
So questions remain about when the weapons will be operational, how they will be used, and which will be used more.
One of two electromagnetic-railgun prototypes on display aboard joint high speed vessel USS Millinocket at Naval Base San Diego, July 8, 2014. US Navy photo
"They both have unique capabilities," but, Freeman said, "it seems to me you have fewer options with rail guns."
Lasers have more capabilities in that they can be set to different energy levels, giving the operators the option to deter or take out targets.
For example, if a US ship perceives an aircraft as a threat, "you can put [the laser] on low-power and scintillate the cockpit" and make the pilot turn around, Freeman said. He wasn't exactly sure what the enemy pilot would experience but said he or she would see the laser and probably wouldn't be injured.
The USS Ponce conducts an operational demonstration of the Office of Naval Research-sponsored Laser Weapon System. John F. Williams/US Navy
Or, if needed, the operators could turn the energy levels up and destroy the enemy target, either by melting precision holes through the craft or "cutting across" it, he said.
High-energy lasers, he added, are "still in development."
But for larger targets, such as enemy ships, rail guns would probably be the best weapon.
"It packs a punch ... and can go through steel walls," Freeman said.
Once they are both operational, the US military will use them along with conventional weapons, and it'll take years of evolution for one to make the other, or even conventional weapons, obsolete, Freeman said.
"They both have challenges to go through," he told Business Insider, including where to get the power needed to fuel them. But they also offer other benefits in addition to their lethality: They're cheaper and can even be safer for sailors, as they don't require stores of ammunition that can explode.
As for exact tactics regarding how and when to use rail guns and lasers, the Navy and other branches employing them will decide once they're operational, Freeman said.
History of Vodka | Russian Vodka | Russian Vodkas | Home
Russians love vodka because it is a social drink that goes really well with food. A typical Russian meal is rich in calories and very nutritious, and vodka plays an important role.
Russian starters, or zakuski, include pickled and fresh vegetables, baked potatoes, bread, cheese, salted fish and other readily available snacks suitable to accompany the shots of vodka.
Food makes drinking more enjoyable, as well as helps to neutralize a large proportion of the alcohol, allowing one to drink more. Russians can eat, drink and socialize for hours, making elaborate zakuska presentations and toasts for each round of beloved vodka.
Read more about drinking vodka on Russian vodka forum.
Below are the pictures sent by our visitors (thank you!), depicting many ways to drink Russian vodka.
So whatever occasion you break out the vodka for, whether it is a new job, a graduation, or the approval of TitleMax title loan, try pairing it with some of these traditional Russian starters.
Top Secret was a brand found in literal secrecy. By day, Kazuhiko "Smokey" Nagata worked at Trust, the parent company for GReddy, but by night he worked on engineering parts for his own cars and eventually taking on projects for others under the shroud of darkness. Eventually, management found out but refused to let Smokey leave the company, allowing him to continue to work after hours so as long as he kept it a secret from his coworkers. Only a year later, the doors for Top Secret were opened. After building quite the reputation for himself stemming from repeat run-ins with the law and blatant disregard for safety and speed, his trademark Supra became the envy of many in the '90s and 2000s. Now, the very same Supra is up for auction in January, and you could be the proud owner of a piece of automotive culture history. Originally built by speed-chasing legend "Smokey" Nagata, nicknamed for his trademark burnouts before high-speed runs, this Supra was way ahead of its time. Today, it's commonplace to do crazy bastardized swaps that would make purists cringe, but in the '90s, most tuning companies worked with what they had. Smokey decided that this wasn't the route he wanted to take when building Top Secret's Supra and re-homed a 5.0-liter V-12 1GZ-FE engine from a Toyota Century into the Supra.
via BHAuction
Despite the auction listing the Supra as a 1994, its VIN is coded as a 1998 chassis. This means that the then-$40,000 sports car had its heart removed while still in infancy, and fitted with one of Toyota's newest creations. In 1997, Toyota released its first-ever V-12 by cramming into an ultra-luxury limousine to be sold only in the Japanese market. Smokey plucked the 276 horsepower power plant from the $100,000 Century and prepared to replace the Supra's 3.0-liter inline-six. But because the Supra had an extra 54-horsepower on its replacement, some work had to be done. Smokey outfitted the car with dual HKS GT2835 ball bearing turbochargers, which were able to provide substantial power throughout the rev range. However, the tuner felt that top-end could still be improved, so he fit the Supra with a wet nitrous setup. At the time, there were no engine management solutions for something with 12 cylinders, so naturally, Smokey did what any sane person would do; he used two HKS F-Con V Pro standalone ECUs to tune the car, and then sent it to the dyno where it made a respectable 930-hp and 745 foot-pounds of torque. The Supra was also fitted with custom aero parts, including Top Secret's Super G-Force kit. It sat atop Aragosta's harmonic drive suspension, which was mated to a Roberuta Cup kit, allowing for the car to raise or lower itself 3-inches on-the-fly.
via BHAuction
Digital Album Streaming + Download Includes high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Paying supporters also get unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please consider donating, every $ helps us to bring you more --------------- great music - otherwise, enjoy the free download! -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Purchasable with gift card Buy Digital Album name your price You own this Sends as Gift
Share / Embed
about
Electronic music goes on a funky detour via Fractal Sky's release of his third EP, "The Changing Of Times", coming out September 24th. Another well-respected musician connected into the Gravitas Recordings label family, Arkansas' Aaron Spence characterizes electro-funk through crunchy, raw synthesis, captivating vocal samples, and a compelling hip-hop feel. Fluent in a variety of horn and string instruments, Spence doesn't hesitate to intertwine a profusion of saxophones, jazz guitars, and trumpets into his work. Dynamic rhythmic patterns and deep reverbs makes for a surreal yet fresh adventure beyond expectation. The listener takes a scenic route through the album's five songs, exploring a wonderland of diverse musical influence. Fans of Gramatik, Pretty Lights, and Michal Menert will truly enjoy the Fractal Sky experience, keeping up the reputation of the remarkable multi-genre producers on Gravitas Recordings.
credits
released September 24, 2013
license
all rights reserved
In his new memoir, "In My Time," former Vice-President Dick Cheney reveals that he had a secret, signed letter of resignation locked in a safe at all times.
"I did it because I was concerned that -- for a couple of reasons," Cheney explains in an interview with NBC's Jamie Gangel, scheduled to air on "Today" and "Dateline" next week. "One was my own health situation. The possibility that I might have a heart attack or a stroke that would be incapacitating. And, there is no mechanism for getting rid of a vice-president who can't function."
Cheney says he signed the letter in March 2001, shortly after entering office, and that the president and one of his staffers knew about its existence.
Cheney says he has "no regrets" about his support for waterboarding terror suspects, and that he would "strongly support using it again if we had a high value detainee and that was the only way we could get him to talk."
Cheney also tells Gangel that "There are gonna be heads exploding all over Washington" when the book comes out, but that he doesn't believe he is betraying former President George W. Bush's trust by revealing their private conversations.
The book is scheduled to be released August 30.
School of Resentment is a term coined by critic Harold Bloom to describe related schools of literary criticism which have gained prominence in academia since the 1970s and which Bloom contends are preoccupied with political and social activism at the expense of aesthetic values.[1]
Broadly, Bloom terms "Schools of Resentment" approaches associated with Marxist critical theory, including African American studies, Marxist literary criticism, New Historicist criticism, feminist criticism, and poststructuralism—specifically as promoted by Jacques Lacan, Jacques Derrida and Michel Foucault. The School of Resentment is usually defined as all scholars who wish to enlarge the Western canon by adding to it more works by authors from minority groups without regard to aesthetic merit and/or influence over time, or those who argue that some works commonly thought canonical promote sexist, racist or otherwise biased values and should therefore be removed from the canon. Bloom contends that the School of Resentment threatens the nature of the canon itself and may lead to its eventual demise. Philosopher Richard Rorty[2] agreed that Bloom is at least partly accurate in describing the School of Resentment, writing that those identified by Bloom do in fact routinely use "subversive, oppositional discourse" to attack the canon specifically and Western culture in general.
Description [ edit ]
Bloom outlines the term "School of Resentment" in the introduction to his book The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages (1994). Bloom stresses that he does not necessarily object to analysis and discussion of social and political issues in literature, but expresses indignation toward college literature professors who teach their own political motives through literature more than the aesthetics of literary worth. In his book, Bloom defends the Western canon of literature from this "School of Resentment", which in his view threatens to break down the canon through the insertion of potentially inferior literary works for political purposes. Bloom believes that the goals of reading must be solitary aesthetic pleasure and self-insight rather than the "forces of resentment" or a goal of "improving" one's society, which he casts as an absurd aim, writing: "The idea that you benefit the insulted and injured by reading someone of their own origins rather than reading Shakespeare is one of the oddest illusions ever promoted by or in our schools." His position is that politics has no place in literary criticism: a feminist or Marxist reading of Shakespeare's Hamlet would reveal something about feminism or Marxism, he says, but likely nothing about Hamlet itself.
Responses [ edit ]
Similar arguments have been made by others, without necessarily using the term "School of Resentment". American philosopher Stephen Hicks,[3] who notes that leftist academics (e.g., feminist Kate Ellis) have written extensively about post-structuralist teaching methods allegedly aimed at eroding the beliefs of young college students and replacing them with leftist ideologies: "[R]elativistic arguments are arrayed only against the Western great books canon. If one's deepest goals are political, one always has a major obstacle to deal with—the powerful books written by brilliant minds on the other side of the debate. ... Deconstruction allows you to dismiss whole literary and legal traditions as built upon sexist or racist or otherwise exploitative assumptions. It provides a justification for setting them aside." In a 2015 interview, art critic and dissident feminist Camille Paglia defended Bloom—who was her mentor during her studies at Yale University—and said that literary canons are meant to come not from professors' wishes to "intensify their power" but from careful evaluations of which literary works have proven most influential over time. Paglia further argued that the introduction of politics into literary criticism (e.g., the view that no book which demeans women can be great literature) can enable a dangerous and Stalinist view of art wherein all art is "subordinate to a prefab political agenda".[4]
See also [ edit ]
Washington (CNN) Donald Trump and his supporters are clinging to a new -- and false -- theory that polls are somehow being falsified to downplay Trump's backing.
The idea behind this theory: Independent pollsters are oversampling Democrats in a nefarious plot -- coordinated with Hillary Clinton's campaign -- to convince Trump supporters that voting is a lost cause and rig the election against him.
The origin of the claims is a hacked 2008 email to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta that was released over the weekend by WikiLeaks. In it, a pollster asks Podesta for "oversamples for our polling."
Trump himself fueled the conspiracy theory in Florida on Monday, saying: "WikiLeaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter suppression technique, and that's happening to me all the time."
The problem: What Trump is alleging is flatly inaccurate and the argument is built on a misunderstanding of what "oversampling" means in polling.
"Pollsters just saw this and rolled our eyes," said Dan Judy, a Republican pollster for North Star Opinion Research.
"This is the classic case of people using an intentional or unintentional misunderstanding of polling to pretend results they don't like are invalid," Judy said. "Most voters aren't that sophisticated when it comes to ins and outs of sampling and statistics and polling. But there are a lot of people spreading this around who know better -- or should know better."
The polling conspiracy theory starts with the 2008 email to Podesta from Tom Matzzie , who was conducting private polling for an outside political group at the time.
His email doesn't reveal much of anything. It mentions "media" -- but that's likely a reference to TV ads, or "paid media" in campaign lingo, not to news outfits' polling.
He asks Podesta for "oversamples for our polling." But he makes no reference, as Trump claims, to oversampling Democrats -- and because his polls were private, for the group's use in determining when and where to air TV ads, Matzzie had no incentive to falsify his results.
What is 'oversampling'?
Here's the reality about "oversampling." Pollsters often dive deeper into certain subgroups (such as Latinos or African-Americans) to reduce their margins of error for those groups. Then they weight those groups to their actual proportion of the population.
Judy laid out an example.
If he were polling 600 likely voters in a state with a 13% Hispanic population, that would mean 78 of the voters surveyed were Hispanic. "The margin of error of that is extremely high -- it's over 10 points -- and you can't at all break that down. You can't say, 'What do Hispanic men or Hispanic women think?' You couldn't do that with any degree of mathematical certainty," he said.
So, instead, Judy said he'd call 300 Hispanic voters -- enough to look at "men and women, Republicans and Dems, age breakdowns, regional breakdowns, and in a state like Florida some ethnic breakdowns -- Cubans, Puerto Ricans, South and Central Americans. And when you run your survey numbers, you weight that 300 back down to 78."
The nonpartisan Pew Research Center also explains oversampling on its website : "A survey that includes an oversample weights the results so that members in the oversampled group are weighted to their actual proportion in the population; this allows for the overall survey results to represent both the national population and the oversampled subgroup."
Matzzie, himself, mocked on Twitter the notion that his 2008 email could suggest 2016 polling was rigged.
"Option 1: 8 years ago we presciently rigged 2016 polling. Option 2: the people commenting on this are being misled by a demagogue," he wrote.
Option 1: 8 years ago we presciently rigged 2016 polling. Option 2: the people commenting on this are being misled by a demagogue — Tom Matzzie (@tommatzzie) October 24, 2016
Too many Democrats?
Another element of the poll critique Trump and his supporters are pushing is that national surveys are including too many Democrats and too few Republicans.
An ABC News poll released Sunday, for example, found Clinton ahead by 12 percentage points -- its sample featured 36% Democrats, 27% Republicans and 31% independents.
A CNN/ORC poll out Monday that found Clinton leading Trump by 5 points among likely voters included 37% Democrats, 30% Republicans and 33% independents.
Even the Investors Business Daily/TIPP poll , which has been much more favorable to Trump than others throughout the 2016 cycle, is weighted to use 35% Democrats and 29% Republicans.
Trump blasted the ABC News poll Monday in Florida, calling it "a totally phony poll."
"These are, they call them dark polls. Phony polls put out by phony media, and I'll tell you what: All of us are affected by this. They're trying to suppress the vote so people don't come out and vote. But I'll tell you what: We're winning this race," Trump said.
Trump also appeared to cite those breakdowns in a tweet Monday, writing: "Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!"
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 24, 2016
But criticizing these samples ignores two important realities about party identification.
One is that, unlike age, gender and ethnicity data, which the US Census collects to map out the makeup of each state, there are no solid national figures on party ID. Identification with a political party is more of an attitude, so pollsters typically ask respondents which party they identify with but don't weight their results to match a specific party breakdown.
The other is that in presidential elections -- unlike some midterms -- there simply are more self-identified Democratic voters than Republicans.
"In a presidential electorate nationwide, there have been mid-single digits more Democrats than Republicans going back as many elections as there's been polling," said Judy, the Republican pollster.
The oddest part of all this: It's happened before.
In 2012, Mitt Romney's supporters argued polls were "skewed" against him. Dean Chambers launched the now-defunct site UnskewedPolls.com, based on the claim that the electorate's demographics would look more like the 2010 Republican wave than that of the 2008 presidential race. It turned out to be wrong.
Dana Perino, a former George W. Bush White House press secretary, wrote on Medium : "By believing that the polls were wrong, I had let both myself and our viewers down. I had done them a disservice. ... We shouldn't have to learn this lesson again."
Yet other influential conservative voices insist on pushing the conspiracy theory.
Conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh rehashed those 2012 missteps on his show Monday, noting that he thought polls were skewed against Romney, expected a clear Romney victory, and was wrong.
Still, Limbaugh concluded of the 2016 race : "There's clear evidence here that the Democrats have seen to it that the polls in this presidential cycle are oversampling Democrats, and there's clear evidence the pollsters have done that as well."
It's been a frustrating episode for Republicans who work in politics.
You can't fix what's wrong with the party so long as its most influential voices persist in lying to the base. https://t.co/LO1OmzxP3b — Liam Donovan (@LPDonovan) October 24, 2016
Ex-National Republican Senatorial Committee staffer Liam Donovan tweeted: "You can't fix what's wrong with the party so long as its most influential voices persist in lying to the base."
Donald Trump, president and chief executive of Trump Organization Inc. and 2016 U.S. presidential candidate, pauses while speaking during The Family Leadership Summit in Ames, Iowa, on July 18. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg
It has been a mere seven weeks since Donald Trump announced that he is running for president, but there is no doubt over where he stands on immigration, wounded veterans and breastfeeding mothers.
Why not the Federal Reserve next?
“Right now, we have the low rates,” Trump said Tuesday in an TV interview on Bloomberg Politics. “In terms of real estate, if I want to develop … from that standpoint I like low interest rates. From the country's standpoint, I'm just not sure it's a very good thing, because I really do believe we're creating a bubble.”
Trump was referring to the central bank's benchmark interest rate, which has been at zero since the darkest days of the financial crisis in 2008. The Fed has kept it there well after the recession officially ended in hopes of spurring a faster economic recovery. The central bank is finally contemplating raising the target rate this year, and critics worry that the extended period of easy money has helped fuel Wall Street's record gains and may have encouraged risky behavior.
Actually, Trump's answer is pretty mild compared to the positions of other Republican presidential candidates. One of the pillars of Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul's campaign is his effort to Audit the Fed, which still does not go quite as far as his father Ron Paul's quest to End the Fed. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz has also joined the younger Paul's fight against the Fed.
Trump was less combative than he was in 2012 after abandoning his presidential bid. In an interview on CNBC, he declared that the Fed's decision at the time to pump more money into the economy would devalue the dollar and spark inflation -- a common refrain that echoed what a vocal minority of economists, including some inside the Fed, were predicting. (In fact, the dollar has strengthened and inflation is perplexingly low.) But Trump, as he so often does, went one step further in that interview, accusing the central bank of "creating phony numbers" through its stimulus efforts.
On Tuesday, Trump delivered a response that was more trademark Donald when asked which Fed chairman has done the best job. Current chair Janet Yellen he dismissed as “Janet is sort of, more of the same.” It was former Fed Chair Paul Volcker, who quashed the stagflation of the 1970s with high interest rates that delivered the bruising recession of the 1980s, who won Trump's admiration.
“I thought he was a terrific guy in so many different ways, and he had a good pulse and he had a good -- to me he had -- he was doing what had to be done,” Trump said.
But he was not finished. Host Mark Halperin pressed Trump on whether he also supported the so-called Volcker Rule, which went into effect last month and prohibits banks from making speculative investments with their own accounts.
“Well I'm not sure if he likes it, but if he's -- you know what, honestly, Mark, if he's happy, I'm happy,” Trump said.
Volcker, you're hired!
Al Sharpton has been a minor player in the Black Lives Matter chaos, but returned to his divisive habits last weekend with an op-ed in the New York Daily News on the 25th anniversary of the Crown Heights riots, casting Jews as the aggressors.
In his re-telling, the young black boy who died tragically in a traffic accident involving the Lubavitcher Rebbe's motorcade, Gavin Cato, was a precursor to Michael Brown, the black teen who attacked a police officer and was killed in Ferguson, Missouri.
Not only does that parallel insult Cato's memory — unlike Brown, he was an innocent child — but it also paints the Rebbe, one of the kindest souls the world has ever known, as a kind of villain.
To do that, Sharpton has to distort history: “… a Hasidic-run ambulance service took the Jewish driver responsible for the accident away, but not Gavin or Angela,” he says.
As the exhaustive Girgenti Report showed (p. 56), police instructed the ambulance service to leave. A false rumor spread that the Jewish paramedics had abandoned the black child — a rumor that triggered the violence, and that Sharpton has now repeated.
(Ironically, in 2011, on the 20th anniversary, Sharpton admitted: “Our language and tone sometimes exacerbated tensions and played to the extremists.” Since then, the left has found political reasons to play to the racial extremists again, evidently.)
The Daily News itself has indulged in historical revisionism, blaming both sides for what was almost entirely a riot against Jews — one in which a young, innocent Jewish man from Australia, Yankel Rosenbaum, was murdered by an angry mob. A recent retrospective actually described the riots as “three days of unremitting turmoil that pitted angry Hasidic Jews against outraged African-American and Caribbean residents.”
No, in fact: the riots were an anti-Jewish “pogrom” — as the Forward noted at the time, calling it “a pogromlike attack on the religious Jews in the city in which they'd taken refuge.”
Perhaps the Daily News is merely reprising the media bias of the time, which was at great pains to downplay the culpability of black leaders like Sharpton, and the residents they incited. One of the Times‘ own reporters, Ari Goldman, recalled:
Journalists initially framed the story as a “racial” conflict and failed to see the anti-Semitism inherent in the riots … … [W]hen I picked up the paper, the article I read was not the story I had reported. I saw headlines that described the riots in terms solely of race. “Two Deaths Ignite Racial Clash in Tense Brooklyn Neighborhood,” the Times headline said. And, worse, I read an opening paragraph, what journalists call a “lead,” that was simply untrue: “Hasidim and blacks clashed in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn through the day and into the night yesterday.” In all my reporting during the riots I never saw — or heard of — any violence by Jews against blacks. But the Times was dedicated to this version of events: blacks and Jews clashing amid racial tensions. … “You don't know what's happening here!” I yelled. “I am on the streets getting attacked. Someone next to me just got hit. I am writing memos and what comes out in the paper? ‘Hasidim and blacks clashed'? That's not what is happening here. Jews are being attacked! You've got this story all wrong. All wrong.”
Since then, tensions in Crown Heights have faded. But that does not serve the purposes of people like Sharpton, for whom the Black Lives Matter movement is an opportunity to regain political leverage.
Five years ago, Sharpton wrote that the lesson of Crown Heights was the importance of reconciliation: “Crown Heights showed how some of us, in our smallness, can divide. We must seek to be big.”
Today, he says the lesson is the importance of renewing the political struggle. What a small man.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
You've heard of the Keystone XL pipeline, but you've likely never heard of a new pipeline in Wisconsin that would make Keystone look minuscule in comparison. This 42-inch diameter crude oil pipeline is currently buried under every major waterway in that state, but plans for its massive expansion are slated for next year.
If the expansion is approved, the pipeline (dubbed “Line 61”) will be ramped up by oil giant Enbridge (the Western Hemisphere's worst offender when it comes to oil spills) to convey tar sands crude. In fact, it'll convey more tar sands crude than any other pipeline in America, totalling 1.2 million barrels a day; 1/3 more than Keystone's 800,000 barrels.
Like Keystone, Line 61 will carry tar sands from Canada, arriving in Superior, Wisconsin. As the line is confined to American borders, however, it will not require presidential approval for expansion—making it far less of a flashpoint than Keystone. Environmental advocates have also alleged that Enbridge's PR department has done its best to keep this out of the public eye by splitting up the project into several smaller chunks so that it would be tricky for journalists or activists to assemble the full picture of what's going on. Additionally, no environmental impact study was conducted before the pipeline was put in place.
Related: Keystone XL to emit 1.37 billion tons of greenhouse gases, EPA finds
The final barrier for Line 61 to cross before it reaches approval is the Dane County Zoning Committee. Whether or not the tiny committee can face down the Enbridge machine—or whether they can be bought off, the likely outcome—remains to be seen.
One way or another, this is something we should be hearing much, much more about in the mainstream media.
Via Earth First Journal
Images via Wikimedia Commons.
For many months we have known that Obamacare's modified community rating rules will unfairly tax young males at far higher rates than everyone else in order to subsidize older people who generally have higher incomes than the young males expected to provide these cross-subsidies. My Forbes colleague Avik Roy has aptly described this as a "war on bros." This Robin-in-reverse subsidy design is principal reason the individual mandate is needed to conscript young males into paying this grossly unfair levy. But because the mandate penalty is relatively light (so far), it is widely anticipated that many young males will sensibly avoid this tax since it drives the cost of coverage far above its expected value to them.
In short, there was always a "demand side" reason to expect the Exchanges might well face problems in getting enough young people to enroll. A recent Milliman report now demonstrates that there is a "supply side" incentive created by Obamacare's convoluted financing system that will amplify this problem. It turns out that insurance companies may lose money on young males enrolled in Exchange plans even as they make money on those who are older and sicker plan members. If the Exchanges morph into highly expensive (and heavily tax-subsidized) high risk pools, it will be the combined result of these demand and supply side incentives.
The Demand Side Incentive for Young Males to Remain Uninsured
Historically, young males have had the highest rates of being uninsured. Prior to Obamacare, more than one-third of those in the their early 20's lacked coverage.
The Milliman data help illustrate why this was actually a rational choice for many young people. Under Obamacare's modified community rating rules (which prohibit insurers from charging older subscribers more than 3 times the amount paid by their youngest adult subscribers), males age 21-24 effectively are paying what amounts to a 34.8% sales tax on their expected medical expenses. Of course, this "tax" is even higher under pure community rating (where 21-year-olds pay the identical rates as 64-year-olds), which has been the standard approach for setting premiums in the employer-based market for many decades (a practice grounded in history, tradition and law). Admittedly, for employer-provided coverage, this tax has been offset to some extent by the subsidy provided through the tax exclusion, but most young workers don't fall into a 35% tax bracket, hence the value of this subsidy for most young workers would fall well below the implicit tax they pay to cross-subsidize their more senior (and generally better-paid) employee peers. Young workers (prior to Obamacare) hypothetically could have instead purchased age-rated non-group coverage to bypass this tax, but they would not have been eligible for any tax subsidy to do so. Consequently, it is not surprising that more young people than old people elected to go without coverage entirely.
A more sensible solution to this problem would have been to level the playing field between group and non-group coverage by giving everyone the same tax break regardless of which type of coverage they chose. In that case, since non-group coverage was priced in a much more actuarially fair manner (with each age cohort effectively self-financing, i.e., healthy 21-year-olds paying for unhealthy 21-year-olds), many young workers likely would have secured inexpensive coverage in the non-group market rather than choose to be uninsured. Unfortunately, Obamacare went in the opposite direction, imposing mandates that extended the scope of benefits and constricting the degree to which age-rating was permitted. Both sets of requirements have increased premiums in the non-group market.
Admittedly, Obamacare has also introduced a new set of Exchange subsidies, but most analyses have concluded that even after taking these subsidies into account, a majority will end up paying higher rather than lower premiums in the non-group market compared to what was available earlier. Indeed, the National Journal concluded that 66% of workers with single coverage and 57 percent of workers with family coverage will face higher premiums on the Exchange compared to what they would pay for employer-sponsored coverage. These numbers would be even higher had they focused exclusively on young male workers.
Moreover, as the Milliman report also reminds us (Figure 3), Obamacare furthers adds to the cost of health insurance by the imposition of new taxes, including the health insurance provider fee (1.5% of premiums), the Exchange fee (3.5% of Exchange premiums), and various other fees (reinsurance, risk adjustment fee and Patient Centered Outcomes Research Initiative fee) which collectively amount to another 1.4% of premiums [1]. Indeed, when we include the traditional premium taxes of 2.0% of premiums that were embedded in historical rates, taxes on coverage amount to 9.4% of premiums--more than quadruple the 2% of profits earned on Exchange coverage in the Milliman analysis [2].
So far, indications are that young people are not signing up on the Exchanges. If disproportionate numbers of young people were turning down coverage under pre-Obamacare prices, it only makes sense they would continue to do say in a world where prices have gone up.
The Supply Side Incentive for Young Males to Remain Uninsured
The first figure demonstrates clearly just how much the complex risk adjustment mechanisms conspire to discourage enrollment of young subscribers. Without these mechanisms, a typical carrier enrolling a representative cross-section of the market would earn a 34.8% profit on males 21-24, using these profits to cross-subsidize expected losses on infants and older males (the composite profit across all males would amount to 6.7%). This would provide a strong incentive for these carriers to enroll as many young males as feasible.
However, after the risk adjustment mechanisms are taken into account, this incentive evaporates entirely. These mechanisms essentially move money from insurers who have healthier-than-average members (relative to the market) to those who have worse risks. These adjustment mechanisms are not perfect, resulting in plans paying into the pool having to pay too much (and correspondingly, that plans receiving such funds being paid too much). As a consequence, plans on average end up actually losing money on certain otherwise desirable demographic groups. Instead of making their target pretax profit of 3% on males age 21-24, plans instead lose that amount of money.
Conversely, instead of losing money on very expensive infants and older males, plans now actually make quite healthy profits of 18% and 7.3% respectively. Rather than having an incentive to avoid such high-cost members, plans actually have an economic incentive to enroll them. Indeed, Milliman did a further analysis by medical condition showing that for people with 7 conditions, plans would be in a position to earn profits in excess of 1,000% of premiums! Of course, there may be only a handful of plan members falling into this category, but it simply underscores the general point that plans will have strong incentives to enroll unhealthy individuals along with more modest disincentives to avoid younger/healthier groups. This does not bode well for the composition of the Exchanges over time.
Bottom Line
In short, an already troublesome problem may be worse than we thought. Progressives tend to dismiss the prospect of an adverse selection death spiral on the Exchanges because of the so called 3Rs adjustment mechanisms that not only will make plans whole but evidently make plans with worse risks more profitable. The Milliman report notes that their results are driven largely by the risk adjustment mechanism, which is a permanent feature of Obamacare (in contrast to the transitional reinsurance and risk corridors which will expire by 2017). But as the Milliman actuaries caution, the risk adjustment mechanism is zero-sum (the sum of payments into the pool matches the sum of payments out of the pool to plans with higher risks). For a plan to be protected against the risk of covering older/sicker members, there must be plans somewhere that have covered sufficient numbers of younger male members to offset that risk.
All the Milliman numbers presume full participation by all segments of the market (young/old, healthy/sick) in equal proportion. The report explicitly cautions: "given the enrollment difficulties in a number of exchanges and the ability of people to "keep what they have" in some states, many markets may not end up enrolling a typically standard mix of individuals." In those states, this implies ever-escalating premiums each year as plans are forced to rely on premiums rather than cross-subsidies from other plans to avoid losing money. Higher premiums in turn will trigger higher Exchange subsidies which is why I and many others are concerned that the Exchanges ultimately will devolve into nothing more than highly subsidized high risk pools. But if that is the desired end-game, there is absolutely no point in unfairly taxing young males to reach that objective.
********************
Follow @ConoverChris on Twitter, The Health Policy Skeptic,
U.S. Health Policy Gateway, and The Apothecary on Facebook.
Footnotes
[1] The dataset used in the analysis included 9.3 million member months with allowed charges totaling $3.2 billion which amounts to $286.74 per member per month. Inflating that to a premium amount requires dividing by 1 minus the sum of all non-claims costs, including 3% for pretax profits, 2.0% for premium taxes, 2.0% for quality improvements, 14.9% for general administration and commissions, 1.5% for health insurance provider fee, 3.5% for the exchange fee and 1.38% for reinsurance and other ACA per member per month fees, yielding an estimated premium of $399.80 per member per month for Exchange coverage. The 1.38% figure is calculated by dividing this premium totoal by the sum of $5.25 PMPM for the reinsurance contribution and $0.25 PMPM for all other ACA PMPM fees, as reported in Figure 3.
[2] The manual rates developed for the Milliman analysis assume a pretax profit of 3.0%. Income taxes are not shown in Figure 3, but elsewhere in the report are calculated at 35% of profits for a for-profit health plan, leaving after-tax profits of 1.95% of premiums. The 9.4% figure includes 1.05% of premiums for income taxes.
The final Falcon and Territory have been caught testing on the road. These are the best pictures yet of the final Falcon with a see-through car bra revealing the shape of the production car's grille.
We also snapped the first shots of the facelifted Territory, confirming there will be some minor facial work but no significant revisions to the rear.
Ford will launch the last Falcon in November, weeks before the updated Territory goes on sale. Production of both ends in late 2016.
Despite plummeting Falcon sales and the accepted wisdom that it will be ditched early, Ford is carrying out significant body revisions to its former hero. The model, known internally as the 201X Falcon, will have a fresh bonnet and bumper, a new bootlid and rear guards, as well as narrower headlights and flatter tail-lights that spread into the bootlid.
There will be daytime LED running lights at the front and a fresh Ford family grille, more prominent than that of the current FG II as well as new-look alloy wheels.
The mechanical changes are minor, except for the return of the eight-cylinder XR8. Most of the work has gone into driving down the fuel consumption of the base car from 9.9L/100km to 9.5L/100km. A key impetus for this is that Ford Australia was given a $34 million Federal Government grant in 2012 and promised to hit that target.
The last Falcon and Territory models, except the XR6 Turbo and XR8, will use a lighter Chinese-built ZF six-speed automatic tuned for economy. The German-made ZF high-torque gearbox, used for the two Falcon performance models, ceases later this year leaving Ford to stockpile those it needs to get through to the end of the Falcon's life. The diesel Territory sticks with its Ford developed six-speed auto. Other economy gains will be made through the introduction of tyres with less rolling resistance.
There will be no extra power and torque across the Falcon range and the suspension settings will not change. Carsguide understands the Falcon's interior upgrades will be restricted to minor trim changes and graphic upgrades for the centre info screen.Limited changes will be made to the Territory, including the front end and interior.
3.14 development statistics
LWN.net needs you! Without subscribers, LWN would simply not exist. Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
Normally, by the time the -rc6 prepatch is released in a given development cycle, the final release is thought to be not too far away. This time around, Linus is making noises about needing to go as far as -rc8 or even -rc9 due to the number of outstanding problems. Even if we are still a few weeks from release, the situation with 3.14 will be stable enough that a look at where the changes in this release came from makes sense. The picture that emerges can be described as "business as usual," with the continuation of some longstanding trends.
As of this writing, the 3.14 development cycle has seen the addition of just over 12,000 non-merge changesets from exactly 1,400 developers. These changes added 591,000 lines of code while removing 250,000 lines, for a net growth of 341,000 lines. The most active developers this time around were:
Most active 3.14 developers By changesets H Hartley Sweeten 278 2.3% Laurent Pinchart 232 1.9% Jingoo Han 174 1.4% Rashika Kheria 162 1.3% Geert Uytterhoeven 138 1.1% Tejun Heo 123 1.0% Sachin Kamat 122 1.0% Kuninori Morimoto 110 0.9% Sujith Manoharan 97 0.8% Linus Walleij 89 0.7% Wei Yongjun 86 0.7% Alex Deucher 82 0.7% Stephen Warren 81 0.7% Lars-Peter Clausen 79 0.7% Ville Syrjälä 78 0.6% Namhyung Kim 76 0.6% Thierry Reding 74 0.6% Johannes Berg 73 0.6% Christoph Hellwig 73 0.6% Ding Tianhong 71 0.6% By changed lines Greg Kroah-Hartman 73035 10.5% Micky Ching 23657 3.4% Stephen Boyd 17511 2.5% Paul Gortmaker 17511 2.5% Greg Rose 16428 2.4% Tero Kristo 14509 2.1% Ben Skeggs 13320 1.9% Sergio Aguirre 8388 1.2% Ben Hutchings 8002 1.2% Tejun Heo 7975 1.2% Laurent Pinchart 7799 1.1% Frank Haverkamp 7424 1.1% Takashi Iwai 6247 0.9% Thomas Hellstrom 6148 0.9% Tom Lendacky 6103 0.9% Upinder Malhi 6012 0.9% Sujith Manoharan 5837 0.8% Peter De Schrijver 5680 0.8% H Hartley Sweeten 5586 0.8% Rob Clark 5345 0.8%
After a brief absence, H. Hartley Sweeten has returned to the top of the "by changesets" list with more work on the seemingly interminable project of fixing up the Comedi drivers in the staging tree. Laurent Pinchart did a lot of work in the Video4Linux and ARM architecture trees, while Jingoo Han continues to work on cleaning up the driver tree. Rashika Kheria, an Outreach Program for Women participant, contributed lots of driver cleanup patches, and Geert Uytterhoeven did a lot of work in the m68k architecture and embedded driver subsystems.
Greg Kroah-Hartman often appears near the top of the "lines changed" column; this time, it is as the result of the addition of the Realtek 8821 PCI WIFI driver and more than the usual number of reverted patches. Micky Ching added the rts5208 and rts5288 drivers to the staging tree, Stephen Boyd added a bunch of Qualcomm hardware support, Paul Gortmaker did (among other things) a bunch of header file cleanups, and Greg Rose contributed the Intel i40evf network driver.
At least 210 employers supported work on the 3.14 kernel. The most active of these employers were:
Most active 3.14 employers By changesets Intel 1233 10.2% (None) 1075 8.9% Red Hat 877 7.3% (Unknown) 701 5.8% Linaro 528 4.4% Samsung 523 4.3% SUSE 396 3.3% IBM 351 2.9% Renesas Electronics 339 2.8% Google 324 2.7% Texas Instruments 288 2.4% Vision Engraving Systems 278 2.3% (Consultant) 268 2.2% NVIDIA 248 2.1% FOSS Outreach Program for Women 237 2.0% Huawei Technologies 211 1.8% Freescale 210 1.7% Qualcomm 157 1.3% Oracle 152 1.3% Broadcom 144 1.2% By lines changed Linux Foundation 78675 11.4% Intel 69526 10.0% (None) 47083 6.8% Red Hat 46371 6.7% Texas Instruments 28274 4.1% (Unknown) 25716 3.7% IBM 25427 3.7% Realsil Microelectronics 23676 3.4% SUSE 22686 3.3% NVIDIA 20720 3.0% Samsung 19988 2.9% Wind River 19946 2.9% Code Aurora Forum 17878 2.6% Google 13452 1.9% Linaro 12945 1.9% Cisco 12747 1.8% (Consultant) 12301 1.8% Qualcomm 10806 1.6% Renesas Electronics 9655 1.4% Freescale 9533 1.4%
There are few surprises here; instead, this table shows the continuation of some trends we have been seeing for a while. After a short-lived jump in 3.13, the number of contributions from volunteers is back to its long-term decline. Intel seems to have taken a permanent place at the top of the list of changeset contributors. Contributions from the mobile and embedded industry continue to grow. It's tempting to call out the fact that 3.14 will contain a fix to the nouveau driver that came directly from NVIDIA, but this turns out to be the second time that has happened; the first fix from NVIDIA was quietly merged for 3.9 in early 2013.
A slightly different picture emerges if one looks at non-author signoffs — Signed-off-by tags applied to patches by developers other than the author. Such tags are applied by subsystem maintainers as they accept patches; the statistics can thus indicate who the gatekeepers to the kernel are. Associating signoffs with employers leads to these results:
Most signoffs in 3.14 By developer Greg Kroah-Hartman 1516 13.1% David S. Miller 1128 9.7% Mark Brown 502 4.3% Andrew Morton 465 4.0% Mauro Carvalho Chehab 370 3.2% John W. Linville 352 3.0% Simon Horman 256 2.2% Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo 237 2.0% Daniel Vetter 225 1.9% Rafael J. Wysocki 173 1.5% Jeff Kirsher 166 1.4% Chris Mason 160 1.4% Linus Walleij 148 1.3% Ingo Molnar 146 1.3% Brian Norris 140 1.2% John Crispin 129 1.1% Jesse Brandeburg 127 1.1% Josef Bacik 126 1.1% Johannes Berg 125 1.1% Benjamin Herrenschmidt 121 1.0% By employer Red Hat 2336 20.2% Linux Foundation 1548 13.4% Intel 1367 11.8% Linaro 1093 9.4% Google 649 5.6% Samsung 647 5.6% (None) 417 3.6% Facebook 283 2.4% SUSE 270 2.3% Renesas Electronics 265 2.3% IBM 262 2.3% Texas Instruments 200 1.7% Broadcom 183 1.6% (Unknown) 159 1.4% Fon 129 1.1% NVIDIA 97 0.8% Cisco 91 0.8% Pure Storage 91 0.8% (Consultant) 82 0.7% University of Cambridge 77 0.7%
The concentration of companies here is reduced from what it once was, but it is still true that more than half of the patches that were merged into 3.14 went by way of the employees of just four organizations. Linaro and Facebook are moving up the list; in both cases, this has mostly been done by hiring developers who were already working as subsystem maintainers. Here, too, the presence of volunteer developers has been slowly declining over time.
All told, the kernel development machine appears to be in a relatively steady state, with things running smoothly and changes happening over relatively long periods of time. Your editor is thus curious to know whether these reports remain useful on a per-release basis. Perhaps it makes sense to scale them back to, say, an annual exercise where the long-term trends might be more pronounced. This is a question that will be considered over the course of the 3.15 development cycle.
When it comes to rape, the left “still doesn't get it”, so says Katha Pollitt writing recently in the London Guardian on the defence of Wikileaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange, who is currently being held in Britain facing allegations of sex crimes in Sweden.
Pollitt notes the importance of recognising the difference between defending Wikileaks and defending Assange. However, in her sweeping assessment of the left's approach to rape she neglects to understand the nuanced motivation of feminists and the broader left when it comes to supporting Assange.
Pollitt correctly points out that some commentators, who perceive the case against Assange to be a beat-up, have made inappropriate light of the sexual allegations Assange faces and condemns them for it.
However, Pollitt would do well to note that these sorts of views emerging from some on the left cannot, and should not, be used to argue that the left does not understand the seriousness of rape allegations.
Given his personal profile, and that of his organisation, it would be difficult for Assange to receive a fair trial, be it in Britain, Sweden or anywhere else.
There have been attempts to discredit both sides involved in the case, with details of Assange's alleged offences disseminated in the media around the world (including the publication of a leaked police report) and numerous theories have emerged about the motives and credibility of the women who filed initial complaints and that of the Swedish prosecutors who have pursued the case.
The key demands in the campaign to support Assange are: that he be presumed innocent until proven otherwise; that he receive a fair and just trial; and included in that, the recognition of the case as being one against allegations of sexual misconduct by Assange and not a case against Wikileaks and its role in publishing leaked documents.
Calls from various high profile political figures and media commentators for the prosecution, or even assassination of Assange because of his involvement in Wikileaks gives perceived legitimacy to the case against Assange in his capacity as Wikileaks editor-in-chief.
US Vice President Jo Biden said on NBC's Meet the Press in December: “I would argue that it's closer to being a high-tech terrorist than the Pentagon Papers…”
Conservative columnist Jeffrey T Kuhner wrote in the December 2 Washington Times: “We should treat Mr Assange the same way as other high-value terrorist targets.”
In late November, American Republican politician Sarah Palin updated her Facebook page with: “Assange is not a ‘journalist', any more than the ‘editor' of al-Qa'ida's new English-language magazine Inspire is a ‘journalist … Why was he not pursued with the same urgency we pursue al-Qa'ida and Taliban leaders?”
Also, there is a danger in the lines becoming blurred between a case against Assange in a personal versus professional capacity as media outlets continue to publish stories that blend together the concerns around freedom of information and the sexual misconduct case against Assange.
For these reasons it is important that the left continues to defend Assange's professional credibility and support his right to a fair trial on the basis of the facts of the case lodged against him.
There are of course those who have questioned the legitimacy of the sexual misconduct case against Assange.
Even Pollitt concedes: “Given that US politicians, from Joe Biden to Sarah Palin, have called for Assange's head, it isn't paranoid to suspect that he is being singled out in order to extradite him to the United States.”
Indeed, if facts emerge that prove the accusations Assange now faces are merely a front to buy-time in order to build a case to extradite Assange to the US under the Espionage Act (or under any other law, for any reasons relating to his business with Wikileaks), it would be important to then defend Assange on this basis and condemn the trivialisation of any variation of sexual misconduct.
Speaking at a Sydney rally in support of Wikileaks on December 14, feminist activist Kiraz Janicke said: “I'm not going to comment on the rights and wrongs of the case against Assange, because the fact is we don't know. This rally is about the right to a fair trial, free from outside influence and political agendas.
“This rally is about the right to free speech, freedom of information and freedom from persecution. As women we should never, never let them use our struggle against sexual assault, for their struggle against free speech.”
In a December 9 letter the Guardian, Katrin Axelsson noted similarly: “There is a long tradition of the use of rape and sexual assault for political agendas that have nothing to do with women's safety. In the south of the US, the lynching of black men was often justified on grounds that they had raped or even looked at a white woman.
“Women don't take kindly to our demand for safety being misused, while rape continues to be neglected at best or protected at worst.”
It is important that the left continues to defend Assange's right to a fair trial. It is not up to the media, politicians, or water-cooler conversations to condemn Assange or decide his fate, or that of Wikileaks.
As Glenn Greenwald told CNN on December 27: “People should go to jail when they are charged with a crime, and they are convicted of that crime, in a court of law …
Some facts are certain: Assange remained in Sweden for more than a month after the initial allegations were made. He complied fully with police questioning at the time. The December 24 Sydney Morning Herald said the current arrest warrant was issued “in relation to questions the prosecutors' office wishes him to answer regarding the accusations”
At no time has Assange been charged with any crime and neither he nor his lawyers have received evidence from Sweden of the crimes he is accused of having committed.
Assange will next appear in court on February 7 and 8 for his extradition hearing.
It is up to us to ensure the process involved in prosecuting any charges brought against Assange in this case be fair and just, and that a sexual misconduct case does not instead become a case to stifle freedom of information or publishing rights.
Rand Paul has cast himself as a Diogenes for the modern era, a truth-seeker who can't seem to find an honest man — or woman — no matter where he shines his lamp in Washington. That's why his willingness to say almost anything about himself and other Republicans, regardless of whether it's true, poses an existential threat to his brand.
It's only a matter of time before the offended start punching back publicly, and that will surely start with fellow Republicans. Many of them had a right to be aggrieved after Paul's speech this weekend at the First in the Nation Republican Leadership Summit in New Hampshire.
Paul ripped John McCain, Mitt Romney, Paul Ryan, and Orrin Hatch for not being pure enough on tax cuts.
"When is the last time you heard a Republican run for president who said they will cut taxes or follow through with it?" he asked with rhetorical flourish. "With our last two nominees, I do not remember tax cuts being part of the program."
Here's McCain calling for tax cuts, and here's Romney. And, of course, there's a U-Haul truck full of Republican candidates promising to do just that right now. It's one thing for Paul to present himself as a purist; it's another to accuse fellow Republicans of failing a tax-cut litmus test — especially when he can't keep his own story straight.
On Saturday, Paul appealed for tax cuts that would benefit the poor, some of which he's repeatedly voted against — including on a non-binding budget amendment just last month — on the Senate floor. That amendment was adopted on a 73–27 vote with fellow Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz voting in favor. Paul has also misstated the level of fraud in the earned-income tax credit program.
In private conversations, Republicans often say they can't trust that Paul will say the same thing tomorrow that he's saying today. His tendency to run away from himself — and to misrepresent the positions of fellow Republicans — undermines the core appeal of his candidacy.
"Given that Rand had staked foreign policy positions far out of the Republican mainstream, it's no surprise that he has modified some of those positions over the past weeks and months," one veteran GOP strategist said. "But that doesn't mean, especially when it comes to Israel, that Rand's positions, old and new, won't be viewed skeptically by a large portion of Republican primary voters."
Then there's Paul's recalibration on foreign policy, in which he's moved from hardcore isolationist to isolationist with a long footnote describing the limited instances in which it makes sense for the US to engage abroad.
Paul is sprinting away from the isolationist tones he sounded for most of his brief tenure in Washington.
"If we want to protect and continue prosperity at home, we have to defend ourselves ... But we have to decide when getting involved is good and when it is not so good," he said Saturday. "I'm not saying don't be involved around the world, don't protect our interests. We do have to do something."
But he's actually said that — and acted on it.
It's easy to forget that Paul proposed a budget in 2011 that would have ended all US foreign aid. After all, Paul has apparently forgotten that. It's also easy to overestimate the revenue that would be saved by redirecting that money to domestic purposes. The US spends less than 1 percent of its budget on foreign aid.
To his credit, Paul has matured in his view of foreign aid over time. Where he once tried to end it all, he's now focused on cutting support for particular countries and causes, such as Pakistan and the moderate opposition in Syria. And there are certainly merits to a variety of plans for reshaping the way the United States delivers money to friends and potential allies across the globe. But it's his tendency to take an extreme position at first blush and then wander toward reality that worries many Republicans — not to mention most Democrats.
In that vein, Paul has called for a declaration of war against ISIS — a position that many who believe in the legislative branch's constitutional role in foreign policy can support. He also sponsored funding for Israel's Iron Dome defense system. But all of that came after he realized his reflexive antipathy to US foreign policy was untenable in both a Republican presidential primary and the general election.
On taxes, Paul's a mixed bag. On the one hand, he's supporting the premise behind President Obama's plan to tax corporate earnings held overseas and use the money to fund infrastructure projects. Paul's Democratic co-sponsor, Barbara Boxer of California, is desperate to find cash to fund a highway bill before she retires in 2017. Their one-time repatriation plan would force companies to bring money back to the US and tax it at a much lower level —6.5 percent — than the 35 percent corporate tax rate, the 14 percent Obama would apply to cash currently held overseas (whether it is repatriated or not), and the 19 percent levy he would attach to future foreign earnings of US corporations.
On the other hand, Paul criticizes Republicans who are eager enough to cut corporate taxes that they're willing to do it in a way that is revenue-neutral. By reference, though not by name, he even took a shot at Republican committee chairmen — Hatch on Senate Finance and Ryan on House Ways and Means — who want revenue-neutral tax reform. "If that is what we are for, I'm going home," he said Saturday.
"Even before announcing, Rand and his campaign have shown a willingness to attack all comers, even popular Republicans not running for president. It's hard to tell is there is a strategy behind this and, if so, what that strategy is," the GOP strategist said. "The Paul campaign would do well to think more strategically about the criticisms it makes — randomly attacking a popular conservative like Paul Ryan is no way to win the Republican nomination."
The idea behind Paul's rhetoric on corporate taxes is that the US economy will grow if the rate is cut without a base-broadening offset, a staple of Republican orthodoxy. But more pragmatic GOP leaders in Congress have concluded that there's no path to reform without Democratic support, and that even the slimmed-down version of the government they prefer would be hard-pressed to operate with a major blow to revenue.
Moreover, economic analysts say there's no historical correlation between the corporate tax rate and economic growth. A recent review of corporate tax and growth rates around the world shows there's no correlation between the two metrics now.
Paul stands at odds with his party on foreign policy. He's at odds with himself on tax cuts for lower- and middle-income Americans and with leading Republicans in Congress on a realistic way to implement a reduction in corporate tax rates. There is one leg of the GOP policy stool on which he still stands strong: less government. But if you're searching for a reason that he hasn't gotten as much traction in national polls as Jeb Bush or Scott Walker, look no further than his casual relationship with the truth when it comes to his own positions and those of fellow Republicans.
There's been lots of chatter recently about the Galaxy's sudden acquisition of journeyman forward Jack McInerney, who was claimed from the Portland Timbers after clearing waivers.
To learn more about LA's new weapon, we decided to ask the experts at Jack's former club to get an idea about the 5'1O” attacker.
Thanks to Will Conwell at Stumptown Footy for the time.
LAG Confidential: McInerney is only 24 years old but has 43 goals in the league. What kind of attacking threat is Jack Mac?
Stumptown Footy: McInerney is a finisher, pure and simple, and if given time and service he will score goals. Capable of poaching a goal thanks to his more predatory instincts or scoring from distance thanks to a heavy right foot, McInerney is always dangerous when the ball is in the attacking end.
Of course, McInerney might be only 24 years old, but he has been in the league since he was sixteen, joining the Philadelphia Union as a Generation Adidas player back in 2010, and his 43 goals have come over the course of 167 games played. The most goals McInerney has scored in a season is 12 for the Union in 2013, and outside of that season has has averaged a goal every 4.4 games -- a far cry from the likes of Robbie Keane (a goal every 1.5 games) or even Gyasi Zardes (a goal every 3.4 games) who was spent much of his career playing on the wing.
Those are not the numbers of a starting caliber player in MLS, but the talent is certainly still there for McInerney and after spending several years on the bench behind the likes of established No. 1 strikers like Kai Kamara with the Columbus Crew and Fanendo Adi with the Portland Timbers, McInerney might just be able to take advantage of the unsettled state of the Galaxy to reassert himself and make good on the instincts that teams have been hoping to capitalize on for the better part of a decade now.
LAG Confidential: Tell us more about his strengths and weaknesses.
Stumptown Footy: McInerney is, in many ways, a very old-school striker. He knows how to make good contact with the ball in a number of situations and has a track record of scoring goals both in the air and on the ground. He also has a nose for goal, getting into the right spot at the right time with some measure of consistency.
However, while his attacking instincts are on point, it is in the build-up and on the defensive side of the ball that McInerney tends to stumble -- something that limits his ability to adapt to different tactical situations and different formations. Although McInerney has the low-center of gravity to to compete for the ball with center backs larger than he is, he has never been a team's outlet, able to relieve pressure for his side. Similarly, McInerney has rarely shown himself to be the sort of striker who can regularly press high up the pitch, giving opposition back lines trouble when they try to possess the ball.
LAG Confidential: Jack is obviously talented, but the Galaxy will be his 5th team in 6 seasons. Why do you think he's bounced around so much?
Stumptown Footy: There are plenty of reasons that McInerney has failed to find a home since leaving the Union and many of them have been touched upon above and others would be pure speculation.
What we can say, however, is that McInerney's goalscoring record off the bench over the last several years have been thoroughly average for an option off the bench, while his salary is more in line with a low-end starter in the league. While he is indeed obviously talented, the rapid evolution of MLS since the introduction of Targeted Allocation Money has seen the introduction of a new class of players into the league that have only made it more difficult for a player like McInerney to make the jump into a team's starting XI, particularly when he does appear to be an imperfect fit for many of modern soccer's more prevalent philosophies.
Thanks again to Stumptown Footy.
Stephanie @ Plain Chicken
Crack Potatoes - the ORIGINAL recipe!! Potato casserole made with sour cream, cheddar cheese, real bacon bits, ranch dip mix, frozen shredded hash brown potatoes. Can make ahead and freeze for later. Everyone RAVES about these yummy potatoes! SO good!! Make them tonight!
One of our favorite dips is Cheddar Bacon Ranch dip , or what I refer to as " Crack ". I usually only make it during football season because it is HIGHLY addictive. I only made this once this football season and I forgot to take it to the tailgate. I left it in my parent's refrigerator! I was devastated!
I took the dip back home and started thinking about what to do with it - other than eat it all by myself. I decided to mix the dip into a big bag of frozen hash browns. The result? A fantastic potato casserole! We absolutely love this! Chicken Legs requests this all the time. I divided the potatoes up into 3 disposable foil pans and froze them so we always have potatoes when we need them. We just finished off the last pan, so I guess I need to add this to my grocery list this week.
Yield: serves 10 Print Recipe CRACK Potatoes prep time: 5 MINS cook time: 45 MINS total time: 50 mins ingredients:
2 (16-oz) containers sour cream
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
2 (3-oz) bags Oscar Mayer Real bacon bits
2 (1-oz) packages Ranch Dressing mix
1 (32-oz) bag frozen shredded hash brown potatoes instructions:
Preheat oven to 400ºF. Lightly spray a 9x13-inch pan with cooking spray. Combine sour cream, cheese, bacon and ranch mix. Stir in hash browns and mix well. Pour into prepared pan. Bake uncovered for 45 to 60 minutes. notes *I divided the potatoes into 3 small 7x7 disposable foil pans and froze them. I wrapped them with plastic wrap and then foil. Thaw overnight before baking as directed* http://www.plainchicken.com/2011/01/crack-potatoes.html All images and text ©Plain Chicken, Inc.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Picture the affluent St. Louis suburb of Clayton. Great schools. Flourishing businesses. A lively restaurant scene.
But how Clayton came to be synonymous with such commercial affluence is entwined with a little-known part of the suburb's history.
From the 1800s to the 1950s, Clayton was home to a flourishing African-American community. The area's black residents were pushed out of the area through rigorous “urban renewal” zoning policy to make room construction of the vaunted commercial center of the suburb. The black community in Clayton all but disappeared.
The neighborhood was bounded by Hanley Road and Brentwood Boulevard, and even more densely populated between Hanley and Bemiston Avenue on Carondelet and Bonhomme avenues. Today, 8 percent of Clayton's population is African-American.
A short documentary, part of the St. Louis Filmmakers Showcase is called “Displaced & Erased” and it is bringing light to the history of the African-American community in Clayton, which has often been relegated to a single paragraph in a history book. Clayton High School and Washington University grad Emma Riley directed the film, which will be screened Thursday, July 20 at the Tivoli Theater.
The history of the community
“This black community was a part of Clayton from its beginnings,” Riley said. “The first postmaster of Clayton was black and there was an African-American school called Attucks Elementary. This community was a part of Clayton until the 1950s. Coinciding with the Brown v. Board of Education decision in 1954, people started to buy up properties and then the City Planning Commission of Clayton started talking about getting rid of this area and rezoning it for commercial purposes in 1958. This community was slowly displaced throughout the '50s and '60s and was virtually non-existent in the 1970s.”
The documentary features retired Clayton High School history teacher Donna Rogers-Beard, and represents a small part of the research she has been doing into the subject for the past several years.
Rogers-Beard said that, at its height, the community was home to more than 300 people. She's been working on her research since 1991, combing through archives of the St. Louis Argus newspaper and conducting oral histories after learning more about the Attucks School at the Clayton School District's 100th-anniversary party. She hopes to release a book about the subject in the coming years.
Both Riley and Rogers-Beard joined St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh to discuss the history on Monday's program. They were also joined by Rev. Doris Graham, who grew up in the historic African-American neighborhood and whose family was pushed out.
Until the 1950s, the affluent St. Louis suburb of Clayton had a flourishing African-American community. That changed when development came to the area, displacing the community. A new short documentary on the subject, 'Displaced and Erased,' and the filmmaker and participants in the film join St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh discuss this little-known history.
Memories of the neighborhood
Graham grew up in Clayton in the 1940s at 7730 Bonhomme Ave. with her mother and her mother's sisters.
“Those were some of the best days of my life,” Graham said. “I went to Attucks School from kindergarten to third grade.”
Graham said that by the time she was in third grade, she had moved into St. Louis with her mother.
“I always kept in touch with my friends and family in Clayton, so when First Baptist Church of Clayton was told they had to move off of Brentwood Boulevard to make room for a high-rise, I'd hear from my aunt, a staunch member of that church who didn't want to move,” Graham said.
That church began in 1893 and was eventually moved to Union Boulevard and Terry Avenue, in St. Louis. Now, that Clayton property is the site of Bethesda Barclay House, a residence for older adults.
“There's just no evidence it existed,” Rogers-Beard said. “You have a whole community all the way to Hanley and, thank goodness, now we do have a plaque placed at the site of the old Attucks School.”
Why were people pushed out?
Clayton, Brentwood, Webster Groves and Kirkwood all had “urban renewal” zoning policies during the 1950s that pushed predominantly African-American communities out to make room for newer, commercial development. Rogers-Beard said that victims of these policies lost their homes over a period of 5-10 years.
“We see it first happening with property being bought and then, finally, zoning laws and eminent domain,” Rogers-Beard said.
Homeowners were paid for the property, but Riley said that payment doesn't paint a full picture of the situation.
“If you look at what that property is worth now and what these people lost out on and the fact they didn't want to leave, and I think that has implications for how wealth is transferred from generation to generation,” Riley said. “These weren't just black people who were renting, they were property owners. So many people acquire wealth and come into wealth by transferring property down the line.”
Harland Bartholomew and Associates was the architectural planning firm responsible for presenting the plans to raze and commercialize the area of the African-American neighborhood. Riley said the firm was known nationwide as an organization that talked about the dangers of slums and made plans to replace housing for poor and predominantly black communities.
“That's amazing because, where I lived, there were no slums up and down Bonhomme and Carondelet,” said Graham. “You know, people make up things to get what they want.”
Rogers-Beard said that in the 1800s, Clayton was actually ahead of its time because white and black students went to school together. It wasn't until a newer school was built that African-American children were segregated into the one-room Attucks School, which was reintegrated in the 1950s.
Ironically, Clayton was one of the first school districts to become a part of the region's voluntary desegregation program in the 1980s. Rogers-Beard would welcome African-American students who entered Clayton High School's doors by saying, “Welcome home.”
“I would tell them: Clayton once had a black community, you are not the first.”
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live, work and create in our region. St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards, Alex Heuer and Kelly Moffitt give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region.
Turkish police fired tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse demonstrators who gathered Sunday for a gay pride rally in Istanbul despite a government ban.
Dozens of participants advocating trans rights assembled off Istiklal Street, a major commercial artery, some brandishing rainbow flags.
Police called on them to disperse and prevented activists from marching or making statements. A couple of individuals were detained.
​More than 300 policemen in anti-riot gear and backed by water cannons were deployed along the pedestrian thoroughfare and on side streets.
Istanbul's governor had banned gay, lesbian and transgender individuals from holding two annual parades this year, both Sunday's seventh Trans Pride March and a broader LGBT pride parade on June 26. His office cited security concerns as the basis for the ban.
A woman reacts after tear gas was fired by anti-riot police officers. Turkish Islamist and ultra-nationalist groups had threatened counter-demonstrations to stop the parade from taking place but didn't turn up Sunday. (Ozan Kose/AFP/Getty Images)
"Football fans can rally in this country whenever they want. We were going to do a peaceful activity," said Ebru Kiranci, spokesperson for the Istanbul LGBTI Solidarity Association.
"[The] holy month of Ramadan is an excuse. If you are going to respect Ramadan, respect us too. The heterosexuals think it's too much for us, only two hours in 365 days," she said.
Turkish Islamist and ultra-nationalist groups had threatened counter-demonstrations to stop the parade from taking place but didn't turn up Sunday.
Istanbul has witnessed a series of deadly bombings in the past year, including two suicide attacks targeting tourists — one on Istiklal Street.
Government 'limit people's rights and freedoms'
On Friday, Istanbul LGBTI+ Pride Week organizers issued a declaration with #LoveWillWin in Turkish rejecting security concerns as a reason to ban the parades.
It said "the governorship prefers to limit people's rights and freedoms instead of taking measures to deal with the threats."
Sunday's organizers, in their statement, also paid tribute to the victims of a bloody rampage at a gay night club in Orlando, Fla., that left 49 people dead.
People at Sunday's rally wave rainbow flags as Turkish anti-riot police officers fire rubber bullets to disperse demonstrators. Organizers issued a declaration rejecting security concerns as a reason to ban the parades. (Gurcan Ozturk/AFP/Getty Images)
"We bow with respect to the memory of our friends massacred in Orlando and promise a world without homophobia and transphobia," their statement read.
The U.S. consulate in Istanbul this week unfurled the rainbow flag in celebration of gay pride and to honour the Orlando victims.
The annual gay pride parade in Istanbul, described as the biggest in the Muslim world, was due to take place on June 26. Istanbul has held gay pride parades since 2003, attracting tens of thousands of marchers, but last year's was broken up by police.
Unlike many other Muslim countries, homosexuality is not a crime in Turkey but hostility toward gay people remains widespread.
Women come into the fertility specialist's office fearful and tearful that they may never have children, she said. The results of their follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) blood tests -- used to gauge fertility and how many eggs a woman has -- are not promising. Some women lose hope.
Yet "a hormone level can never tell you that you can or cannot get pregnant," Eyvazzadeh said, adding that there is more to fertility than a patient's FSH and AMH levels. Higher FSH, as well as lower AMH levels, are associated with reduced fertility.
However, a new study published in the medical journal JAMA on Tuesday suggests that having high FSH and low AMH levels -- which typically indicate a low ovarian reserve or egg count -- might not be significantly tied to reduced fertility after all.
The ability of those biomarkers to predict a woman's reproductive potential appear to be uncertain, according to the study, of which Eyvazzadeh was not involved.
"Women are partnering and getting married later in life. They are aware of age-related decline in fertility. Women are seeking tests, outside of their age, that inform them about their fertility. Some women may also use such tests to guide their decision-making about freezing eggs," she said, adding, "Age still remains the best predictor of a woman's reproductive potential."
JUST WATCHED Having a family when there's infertility Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Having a family when there's infertility 03:12
Infertility is typically defined as not being able to get pregnant after one year or longer of unprotected sex, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
About 6% of married women , 15 to 44, are unable to get pregnant after one year of trying in the United States, according to the CDC. Among all women, 15 to 44, about 12% have difficulty getting pregnant or carrying a pregnancy to term.
It's estimated that about one in every four couples in developing countries could be affected by infertility, according to the World Health Organization
WHO has called infertility a " global public health issue " and has calculated that more than 10% of women worldwide are impacted.
Could fertility be more about quality of eggs than quantity?
The study involved 750 women, between the ages of 30 and 44, from the area around Raleigh and Durham, North Carolina, who were trying to conceive for up to three months between April 2008 and March 2016. The women didn't have a history of infertility.
Each woman was given a pregnancy test and was instructed to notify the researchers if they tested positive for pregnancy.
During the course of the study, blood and urine samples from the women were tested and analyzed. The women also completed diaries and questionnaires about their pregnancy attempts, medications, results of pregnancy tests and other data.
The researchers found that, among the women, the probability of conceiving was not any lower for those with low AMH or high FSH levels -- even after adjusting the study results for age, body mass index, race, recent contraceptive use, and other factors that might influence fertility.
Women with low AMH levels did not have a significantly different cumulative probability of conceiving by six cycles of trying compared with women with normal levels, according to the study.
Women with high FSH levels did not have a significantly different cumulative probability of conceiving after six cycles compared with women with normal levels, according to the study.
"I was surprised by our results," Steiner said.
JUST WATCHED Test helps women with fertility issues Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Test helps women with fertility issues 01:31
However, Steiner said that she thinks AMH and FSH blood tests could still predict the number of eggs that could be retrieved for in vitro fertilization or IVF.
"Whether or not they predict pregnancy following IVF independent of age is less certain," she said. "Some studies have shown that they do predict live birth following IVF, others haven't."
So if AMH and FSH biomarker levels are not associated with fertility, then what exactly explains reduced fertility among women 40 and older? Most likely, the quality of their eggs, Steiner said.
"As a woman ages, the quality of her eggs also decline," she said. "When the egg is fertilized, the resulting embryo is more likely to be aneuploid , or not have the normal number of chromosomes. This is why women are less likely to get pregnant ... more likely to miscarry, and more likely to have a baby with Down syndrome, as a woman gets older."
Yet the new study had some limitations, Steiner added.
'You are not a number'
Most of the women involved in the study were white and highly educated. More research is needed to determine whether similar study results would emerge in a more diverse group of women.
The study also did not include assessments of ovulation, the semen of the women's male partners, and actual live births.
"The main limitation is that conception, not live birth, was the primary outcome. It is possible that diminished ovarian reserve may reduce fertility by increasing the risk of miscarriage," Steiner said. "The next step is to determine whether or not these biomarkers predict the probability of miscarriage."
JUST WATCHED 5 myths about getting pregnant Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 5 myths about getting pregnant 01:45
All in all, Eyvazzadeh, the fertility specialist in San Francisco, said that the new study didn't provide any novel data to the community of fertility doctors.
"We all know that age is the most important factor for women over age 40. Even if your AMH is 2.0 you would never have the 'ovaries of a 25-year-old,' " said Eyvazzadeh, who was not involved in the study.
Rather, "I've had patients with pregnancies who when I met them had AMH levels that were undetectable and I've helped them have three children over years, but there is something very unique about these women and it's a genetic profile," she said. "They all have a fertility genetic profile and we are learning more and more about what this means for women and how their fertility hormone levels fit into this picture."
Eyvazzadeh added that biomarker levels could point to lower fertility in the context of a woman's age, genetic profile, and other factors.
"You are not a number ... is really what I love that this study will tell women," she said.
JUST WATCHED Breaking down fertility options Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Breaking down fertility options 02:23
In 2012, a separate team of scientists identified genetic markers in white and black women of reproductive age that were associated with FSH levels. This was the first genome-wide study to evaluate genetic associations with hormone markers of women's ovarian reserve. The study was published in the journal Human Reproduction
The discovery of genetic markers could help women and their doctors track and predict fertility decline as they age, according to that study.
As for the new study, its findings help to answer questions about the future fertility potential of a woman without a history of infertility, said Dr. Jennifer Kawwass, assistant professor at Emory University School of Medicine and medical director of IVF and third-party reproduction at the Emory Reproductive Center in Atlanta, who was not involved in the study.
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.
As the new study suggests, "biomarker tests showing diminished ovarian reserve do not necessarily predict fertility among women without infertility -- that being said, fertility decreases with age in all women independent of ovarian reserve testing," Kawwass said.
"Women are born with a finite number of oocytes, or eggs, that continue to undergo atresia, to die, over their lifetime. As time passes, the chance of pregnancy decreases, and the risk of miscarriage increases," Kawwass said.
"I often tell patients, 'age trumps all when it comes to fertility treatment.' Ovarian reserve parameters are helpful in predicting dose of medication and ovarian response to fertility treatment," she said. "Ovarian reserve in and of itself does not predict chance of conception particularly in a woman without a known history of infertility."
Nightmare in Retroville
Episode 6 Season 2 Airdate October 29, 2003 Invention Neutronic Monster Maker Previous Operation: Rescue Jet Fusion Next Monster Hunt
Nightmare in Retroville is the sixth episode of season two.
Plot
The episode starts with Goddard making a Jack-o-Lantern and then Sheen asks what they will be for Halloween. Carl says he is going to be Llama Boy and says this year he is going to wear a cape but Jimmy and Sheen said that he was Llama Boy for the last 8 years, plus Llama Boy is not scary it's just creepy. Jimmy says Sheen is going to be Ultra Lord, again but Sheen says he wore out his costume. The three of them go into the house while Hugh is watching his favorite movie "Octopus Man". Carl asks what Jimmy will be this year. He replies that he will not trick or treat, then he makes a deal that he will make Carl and Sheen into monsters, if they give half of their candy.
They go to Jimmy's lab where Jimmy presents his Neutronic Monster Maker. Carl chooses to be a vampire, and Sheen chooses to be a werewolf. Jimmy turns them into monsters and they go to trick or treat. When Carl cuts himself in the finger with a wrapper, he drinks the blood from his finger and he says he wants more blood (as he has now turned into a real vampire). He turns into a vampire bat and flies off. Then Sheen sees the full moon come out of the clouds and tries to attack Jimmy (as he has now turned into a real werewolf). Jimmy panics and immediately flies off with Goddard in the hovercar.
Meanwhile, Hugh accidentally falls into Jimmy's lab and accidentally turns himself into Frankenstein's monster. Judy thinks he made himself a wonderful costume. He tries to grab Judy, but she goes to take her costume and gives Hugh a lighter. He quickly throws it out the door. Jimmy then tells Goddard to give him all the information about vampires (they feed on the blood of the living, can turn their victims into vampires, are repelled by garlic, and can only be destroyed by a Wooden stake driven into their heart). Ms. Fowl then appears telling him about werewolves because she was married to one. She quickly disappears into fog. Carl finds Cindy, hypnotizes her, bites her, and transforms her into a real vampire like him. While Sheen finds Libby, bites her, and transforms her into a real werewolf like him. Hugh then goes to the Candy Bar where Sam is playing his violin. Judy then comes and says she needs help at home giving out candy. Hugh does not listen, takes her in his arms, and goes off.
Jimmy then finds Cindy and Carl and finds out Cindy has become a vampire. They transform into vampire bats and chase Jimmy attempting to turn him into a vampire until they suddenly get scared and fly off. Jimmy then realizes that he is standing in front of the display window of Lucky Tony's House of Garlic. He and Goddard go into the alley where Sheen and Libby sneak up on him. When Jimmy hears growling he turns around to see Libby has become a werewolf. Libby suggests to Sheen that they should eat Jimmy, claiming that "he said they were going to get something to eat." They chase Jimmy where they also get scared because Jimmy is standing in front of the display window of the Hi Ho Silver Store. Then, Hugh, holding Judy, comes onto the sidewalk, running into Jimmy. Jimmy says that his dad probably went to his lab and turned himself into a monster. The other monsters meet up with the three on the sidewalk. Sheen and Carl attack Hugh while Cindy and Libby are fighting. Judy breaks up the fight by telling them all to work it among themselves. In addition, by work things out, the monsters conclude that they should instead scare other people. Meanwhile, Jimmy goes to his lab and turns himself into a monster, but lowering the settings so that his DNA, unlike the others', will not change.
The monsters go to the Candy Bar where Sam and Ms. Fowl call up an angry mob, armed with silver, garlic, and fire. They chase the monsters into the golf course. They all hide from the mob behind the windmill on one of the courses. They then all see Jimmy coming to them from the sky and realize that he turned himself into Octopus Man. He grabs all of them with his arms and takes them home, where he turns them back to normal. They realize that they left their candy behind, and are all very disappointed. Hugh even mentions that no candy on Halloween is scary. Jimmy says that he will fix that, and rings bells with his eight arms. Jimmy in a scary voice says, "Trick-or-Treat". A screen appears showing the words "HAPPY HALLOWEEN".
Trivia
The trick or treat baskets that Carl and Sheen have resembled things that their monster forms do.
The title is a parody of "A Nightmare On Elm Street". The title card's font is also the same as the logo of "A Nightmare On Elm Street 2".
Jimmy, Hugh, Carl, Sheen, Libby, and Cindy constantly switch personalities when they are in monster form.
When Carl is suggesting what costumes Jimmy should have on Halloween, he mentioned "that smart guy in the wheelchair that talks with a keyboard". He is talking about Stephen Hawking, one of the smartest humans who ever lived.
One of the monster choices on Jimmy's wheel is Michael Jackson, who is donned in his Thriller outfit.
outfit. Miss Fowl recites lines from the 1941 movie "The Wolf Man" ("Even a man who is pure in heart and says his prayers by night, may become a wolf when the wolf-bane blooms and the autumn moon is bright."
Cindy's Halloween costume was Muffy the Vampire Annihilator, which is an obvious reference to American television show "Buffy the Vampire Slayer."
Sheen references Gene Wilder's character from Young Frankenstein ( pronouncing it as "Fronkensteen").
pronouncing it as "Fronkensteen"). It's revealed Carl cuts his finger on candy wrapping.
The monsters on Jimmys's monster maker are: The mummy Creature from the Black Lagoon Octopus Man Devil Zombie chimpanzee Dracula The Phantom of the Opera The Blob The Hunchback of Notre Dame Frankenstein The werewolf Michael Jackson
Cindy's blood type is A+.
Goofs
When his identity was revealed, Ledonne did not just feel the need to stand up for his game as a valid personal and political statement. He also felt that video games as a medium had every right to depict and tackle difficult subjects, just like the countless films, books and other media that had been produced about Columbine without a sliver of the same controversy.
"I got fan mail, I got death threats. I got people who admired me and wanted to work with me. I got people who tried to get me fired from my job," he says. "It was very difficult and very stressful. I was concerned for my family. It was ironic: I made this game that's basically anti-bullying, and now people were actively bullying me in the most vitriolic ways."
For some it was particularly offensive for a video game to depict these events when the medium had been so widely implicated in the shooting. Harris and Klebold were particularly fond of first-person shooter Doom, and some were quick to accuse it of having trained them for the real-life event.
Ledonne chose to make light of this assertion in the second half of his game. In SCMRPG! Harris and Klebold commit suicide and awaken in hell. The game becomes a far broader satire, and a much more traditional video game, as they fight monsters lifted directly from Doom, level up, and meet pop culture figures such as Satan from South Park.
"Columbine was a big rallying point for the Christian evangelical movement in the U.S., suggesting it was the satanic influence of games like Doom that caused the shooters to do this," says Ledonne. "They were quite sure that the shooters were in hell. So I thought that the story of Doom features monsters coming up from hell, maybe [Harris] and [Klebold] were down there having a good time, shooting all the monsters and demons! It was a tongue-in-cheek way of suggesting that it wasn't that simple."
A feeling of dissonance creeps into the experience during the second half of the game. As well as making a statement, Ledonne also wanted to try his hand at creating a traditional video game. Although he stands by the decision, he admits that putting together these two sides of SCMRPG! results in a "fundamentally flawed" experience.
Kline believes it is these prominent game elements that upset so many people. He doesn't believe that playing violent video games leads to violence in young people, but he understands the need to be sensitive of those who do.
"It's one thing to dramatize the lives of those involved, and it's another thing to make what the kids did seem like sort of a game," says Kline. "I think in reality that's how they perceived themselves, as playing a kind of game, and that people could somehow cross the line of playing a video game for fun to actually doing violence feels very palpable to a lot of people."
Posted by
Harjeet Johal ,
May 25, 2017 Twitter
@HarJournalist
Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
VANCOUVER, B.C. - A football player never forgets that initial moment when you walk out on to the pitch for your first appearance with the first team. On Saturday afternoon at B.C. Place, Tyler Pasher made his debut with Sporting Kansas City against Vancouver Whitecaps FC. The 23 year-old was in the starting eleven for Coach Peter Vermes. Although the visitors lost 2-0, this will always be a special memory for Pasher. "It felt great," said Pasher. "Obviously, it was something I've been dreaming of for a long time. It was great just to finally get out there and see what it was all about." The Elmira, Ontario native, has had quite the journey to get to where he is today. He spent his youth years with Newcastle United, and Toronto FC's academy. Finish side, PS Kemi came calling in 2013. Lansing United was a destination in 2014. The Pittsburgh Riverhounds, and Swope Park Rangers of the USL were next. Sporting Kansas City liked what they saw from Pasher, and signed him to a contract on December 2, 2016. "A bit of a roller-coaster," said Pasher as he reflected on his journey. "I thought of quitting, I thought of continuing to play off and on for a good two or three years. I finally found Sporting's second team. With hard work, and determination through the first season with, Swope Park Rangers, I earned myself a first team contract. How many months later, and I've made my debut. It's a bit nostalgic. I can't be more grateful for the opportunity that I got."
It's a #SportingKC debut in @MLS play for winger @Typash 👏👏
The Canadian played in one CCL game last year, also vs. @WhitecapsFC. #VANvSKC pic.twitter.com/yMGyXHdHG4 — SKC Matchday (@SKCmatchday) May 20, 2017
Pasher earned forty-five minutes of action before being substituted off just before the second half kicked off. A road weary Sporting Kansas City side was looking for a spark. The midfielder was left to watch the rest of the match. Vermes liked what he saw from Pasher in his debut. "He's got very good qualities," said Vermes. "He's a pacey kid, very good dribbler one-v-one. He's very good in the final third. He's got a tenaciousness to him. This was a big step for him, but it was a good introduction into MLS and I think he's got a good career ahead of him. He's got a good mentality." A passionate Pasher has always had an inkling that he wanted to be a professional footballer. He grew up with Vancouver Whitecaps FC's David Edgar. They would both train together, and learn from Eddie Edgar, David's father. "His father taught me everything I knew as a kid growing up playing the game. When I would go over to England, I would live with David, because he was at Newcastle as well. I kind of lived with him for a few weeks at a time, and back and forth, and what not. We've obviously stayed in touch, and he's like a big brother to me. We're pretty good friends," said Pasher. Eddie Edgar was a scout with Newcastle United, and he liked what he saw from Pasher. It wouldn't be long before he setup a try-out opportunity for Pasher with Newcastle. "I think it really hit me when I was 9 years-old," revealed Pasher. "That's when I made my first trip to England. I went to my first game, and I was a ball boy at Newcastle vs Liverpool. I got to see the stadium with 60,000 people, and these big huge name players like Steve Gerrard, and Alan Shearer. When I was in the stadium training with the team, in these beautiful facilities, it became a reality of mine. 'This is what I want, I want to be able to be in a stadium like this'."
Pasher's try-out with Newcastle was an early success. He would play forward, defence, or wherever he was needed. Everything was going great, and he kept getting invited back over, and over again. David Edgar was playing with Newcastle and got to see Pasher learn, and develop from the early days in Ontario, all the way to Newcastle. "He's sort of similar to me," said Edgar. "He had that inroad when I was there. He's a good kid, he wanted to learn, he had all the attributes. Obviously Newcastle saw something in him. It didn't quite work out, but he's worked his way back up, and he got a well deserved start." While representing Newcastle in the English Premier League didn't materialize. It did open further doors for Pasher. He eventually returned to Canada and spent 2010 - 2013 with the Toronto FC academy. He was much closer to home, and still playing the beautiful game. Playing for Lansing, Pittsburgh, Swope Park, and now Sporting Kansas City has proven to be a long, and tough road. Pasher, and Edgar have always kept in contact and remained friends. Edgar made sure to send Pasher positive thoughts before his MLS debut. "I found out he was starting so I gave him a call just to congratulate him. I still speak to him, and obviously my Dad still speaks to his Dad, so we're quite close," said Edgar. Edgar will likely be giving Pasher another call when he checks off another big accomplishment on his career path. Playing for Canada on the international stage remains a top goal. Pasher has been called in to a Canada camp before, but he has yet to make his senior debut. He's hoping new gaffer, Octavio Zambrano will change that. "It would definitely complete the milestone of my career," admitted Pasher. "So far, everything I've wanted to accomplish, I've accomplished. That's the next thing I want to accomplish, and once I accomplish that, then I can really start setting some new goals, and new ambitions. To be able to say 'I made my MLS debut, I signed my MLS contract, and I debuted for my men's national team,' it's just the (trifecta)." Zambrano and Pasher have both exchanged emails. All that's left to happen is the call into camp, and another first team cap. If it happens, it happens. Pasher is looking to solidify his role with Sporting Kansas City. If Canada comes calling, that's bloody great. David Edgar doesn't need Canada to pick up the phone and invite Pasher. He knows what kind of quality, and determination Pasher brings. It would not be a surprise to Edgar to see his friend turns his first MLS cap into a long career for club and country. "He's got all the attributes to have a good career," said Edgar. "He's worked hard, he's worked his way back up. There was a time when he wasn't quite sure what he was going to do, and he's got his head down and worked hard. He can really do well. Obviously, he's getting the opportunities there now." Tyler Pasher may not be a name that most MLS, and Canadian supporters are familiar with, but you should be. He's the kind of guy that has had to work, work, and keep working to get where he is. Canada is always looking for more young talent, and proven footballers. Pasher is on the right path to making a name for himself, and it all starts with that first cap. He's got his MLS debut out-of-the-way, and the only way is up.
LISTEN: Garfield High School football coach talks about players national anthem demonstration Your browser does not support the audio element.
A national anthem demonstration has become common at recent sports events. On Friday night, a Seattle high school football team will be the latest to make a point.
Garfield High School football players decided to collectively kneel during the national anthem at the start of their Sept. 16 game. The purpose of the kneeling, as it has occurred in other sports venues across the country, is to draw attention to oppression that often goes unnoticed, or ignored, in America.
Seahawks show demonstration of unity during national anthem
The notion began with 49ers Colin Kaepernick refusing to stand during the national anthem. Other sports figures soon followed.
“I'm going to continue to stand with the people that are being oppressed,” Kaepernick told the media recently about his national anthem demonstration. “This is something that has to change. When there is significant change and I feel that flag represents who it's supposed to represent, and this country is representing people in the way it's supposed to, then I'll stand.”
Garfield High School football coach Joey Thomas said the main focus for him is the game.
“You are going to see a great football game by two undefeated teams,” he said, but also noted that there has been a lot of attention on the national anthem demonstration.
“The way this all happened was it was all organic,” he said. “It started with a conversation. Something that we pride ourselves on as coaches is talking about what happens in society with our young men. Regardless if we talk about it or not, they see it. They are going through it. So why not have a conversation? You want to help them process and deal with it.”
The conversations on the field and in the locker room spanned topics from how to handle situations with police, or other parts of their lives. It led to conversations about American history, such as the third verse of the Star Spangled Banner, which includes the line: “No refuge could save the hireling and slave; From the terror of flight, or the gloom of the grave.”
“It was open dialogue that led us to this point,” Thomas said.
Thomas also said that football players will get criticized no matter what they do. In this case, they prefer to stand up for something.
“When athletes get in trouble, they say, ‘they should be stood up guys; they should do the right thing for their community,'” Thomas said. “Then when we stand up for something, like Colin Kaepernick, now people become hypocrites. They say, ‘we don't pay you to be a politician, we pay to to play a game.”
South Seattle Emerald Columnist Marcus Harrison Green reports further on the national anthem demonstration, noting the conversation among young students at Garfield — on and off the field. It covers a realm of issues around young people growing up to face realities of America's majority / minority dynamic.
They watched Kaepernick, and the other athletes who followed suit have racist verbal venom spewed on them, in a refusal, an abject refusal to have the story, of what it means to live in this country individually and collectively as these students do as non-members of this country's dominant group.
Responding to a national anthem demonstration
For KIRO Radio's Don O'Neill, he sees taking a knee as time to listen. The demonstrations are a reminder to have conversations about tense issues in America.
“It seems to me, we're beginning to have those conversations,” Don said. “It's younger people that don't have a problem having these conversations, which I think is exciting. It's people that are older though that are seeing this as jumping up and down on the flag, as jumping up and down on veterans … but I think that's what Colin Kaepernick was trying to accomplish – to talk about these impossible conversations.”
“One of the ways you show great respect in football is when your coach says ‘take a knee,'” he said. “When your coach says ‘take a knee,' he doesn't want you to sit on your helmet. You're not supposed to be sitting on your butt. You're not supposed to sit on the bench. You're supposed to take a knee, and you're supposed to listen. That's what I've been trying to do in my life is to take a knee and listen to these conversations.”
For co-host Ron Upshaw, he understands that people can be outraged over disrespecting the flag. But that's stopping short of covering the larger issue.
“We can also be outraged about the incarceration rates of black and brown people,” he said. “We can be outraged by the disproportionate numbers of black and brown men that are put to death in this country. We can be outraged by people serving third strike life sentences for dealing marijuana and now there's a marijuana shop up the street owned by a white guy.”
For Coach Thomas, he lands in favor of having the conversation.
“We have to speak to your youth about what's going on in society,” he said.
“We don't have an all black team — we have Caucasian Americans, we have everyone on our team,” Thomas said. “For them to hear stories of their teammates, and to say ‘wow, this didn't just happen on TV, this happened to my coach, this happened to my brother,' it puts it into perspective.”
Nobody ever accused Quentin Kopp, a familiar figure in San Francisco politics for nearly half a century, of soft-peddling his opinions.
Kopp, who will turn 88 next month, has put his name forward to fill a vacancy on the city's Ethics Commission. That's the agency charged with making sure that local elected officials, lobbyists, candidates and their supporters stay on the straight and narrow, or at least abide by the letter of San Francisco law and the City Charter.
Over the years, as a member of the Board of Supervisors, as an independent in the state Senate and on the San Mateo County Superior Court, Kopp built a reputation as a blunt-talking curmudgeon. He even got a nickname for his habit of opposition -- "the Great Dissenter."
So maybe it's not surprising that Kopp has opinions -- strong opinions -- about the right way and the wrong way to deliver the news. And maybe it's not a shock that he's got a direct and forceful way of telling people when he hears something on the air he doesn't like.
NPR politics reporter Tamara Keith (once upon a time, she was a staffer here at KQED) learned firsthand about Kopp's penchant for expressing his likes and dislikes.
The global elite have now proven that when the chips are down they are going to go after any big pile of money that they think they can get their hands on. That means that no bank account, no retirement fund and no stock portfolio on earth is safe. Up until now, most people assumed that private bank accounts were untouchable and that deposit insurance actually meant something. Now we see that there is no pile of money that is considered “off limits” by the global elite and deposit insurance means absolutely nothing. The number one thing that any financial system depends on is faith. If people do not have faith in the safety and stability of a financial system, it will not work. Well, the people that rule the world have just taken a sledgehammer to the trust that we all had in the global financial system. They have broken the unwritten social contract that global banking depends on. So now we will see a run on the banks, and this will not just be limited to a few countries in southern Europe. Rather, this will be worldwide in scope. Yoda may have put it this way: “Begun, the global bank run has.” All over the world, frightened people are going to start pulling money out of the banks. A lot of that money will go into gold, silver and other hard assets. And as money starts coming out of the banks, this could cause many of the large banks that have been teetering on the edge of disaster to finally collapse.
Many of you may not believe that they would ever come after bank accounts, retirement funds or stock portfolios in the United States.
Many of you may be entirely convinced that the Great Cyprus Bank Robbery could never happen in America.
Well, where do you think this whole plan was dreamed up?
It was the IMF that reportedly pushed the hardest for the wealth tax in Cyprus, and the IMF is headquartered right in the heart of Washington D.C.
Almost every nation on the planet has to deal with the IMF. It is an organization that is dominated by the United States and that is always involved when there is an international debt crisis.
If the IMF thinks that it is a great idea to steal from bank accounts to solve a financial crisis in Cyprus, why wouldn't they impose a similar solution in other countries in the future?
And if bank accounts are no longer safe, are there any truly safe places to put your money?
You can trust the politicians when they tell you that an unannounced “wealth tax” will never happen where you live if you want, but that is the exact same lie that the politicians in Cyprus were telling their people until the day that it happened. The following is from an article in the Cyprus Mail…
And after all, President Anastasiades had emphatically declared in his inauguration speech that “absolutely no reference to a haircut on public debt or deposits will be tolerated,” adding that “such an issue isn't even up for discussion.” Finance Minister Michalis Sarris made similarly reassuring statements, arguing that it would be lunacy for the EU to impose such a measure because it would threaten the euro system.
At this point, politicians in Cyprus have been given two very unappealing options. Either they vote yes on the wealth tax and destroy all faith in the banking system of Cyprus, or they vote no and they are forced out of the eurozone. In either case, we will probably see the financial system of Cyprus collapse and their economy plunge deep into depression.
At this point, the vote has been delayed until Tuesday. Apparently some additional “arm twisting” was required to get the needed votes.
And there have been proposals to change the terms of the wealth tax. Reportedly, some politicians want to impose a maximum rate of up to 15 percent on bank accounts of over 500,000 euros so that the rate on smaller accounts can be decreased.
It has also been announced that the earliest that banks in Cyprus will reopen will be Thursday.
But what is happening in Cyprus is small potatoes compared to how this will affect the rest of the world. The entire planet is watching this unfolds, and as a recent article by Lucas Jackson described, faith in the global financial system is being greatly shaken…
It would be hard to over-emphasize how significant the Cyprus situation is. The EU demonstrated under no uncertain circumstances that they will destroy the rule of law to maintain their own power. It was a recognition of tyranny that many of us have always assumed was the case but yesterday became reality. The damage done here is not related to the size of the haircut – currently discussed between 3 and 13% – but rather that the legal language which each and every investor on the planet must rely on in order to maintain confidence in the system has been subordinated to the needs of the powerful elite. To the power elite making the major decisions in DC, London, Berlin, France, Brussels, et. al., laws are like ice cream, easily melted. Which begs the question, who is next? Will it be Portugal? Greece? Spain? Italy? France??? Will they impose a “one-time” tax on your bank account? Your house? Your stocks and bonds? Retirement accounts?
The global elite have declared open season on all large piles of money, and now many people all over the world will consider taking money out of the bank to be the rational thing to do. This will especially be true in countries in southern Europe since they would probably be the next to have wealth confiscated.
This is so abundantly clear that even Paul Krugman of the New York Times understands this…
It's as if the Europeans are holding up a neon sign, written in Greek and Italian, saying “time to stage a run on your banks!” Tomorrow and the days immediately following should be very interesting.
The global elite have truly “crossed the Rubicon” by going after private bank accounts. It is almost as if they purposely chose the most damaging solution possible to the financial crisis in Cyprus.
Many in the financial world are absolutely stunned by all of this. For example, David Zervos is describing this move as a “nuclear war on savings and wealth“…
All of us should really take a moment to consider what the governments of Europe have done. To be clear, they initiated a surprise assault on the precautionary savings of their own people. Such a move should send shock waves across the entire population of the developed world. This was not a Bernanke style slow moving financial repression against risk free savings that is meant to stir up animal spirits and force risk taking. This is a nuclear war on savings and wealth – something that will likely crush animal spirits. This is a policy move you expect from a dictatorial regime in sub-Saharan Africa, not in an EMU member state. If the European governments can clandestinely expropriate 7 to 10 percent of their hardworking citizen's precautionary savings after the close of business on a Friday night, what else are they capable of doing? Why even hold money in a bank account? Are they trying to start a bank run?
So what motivated the global elite to do this?
According to CNBC, one of the motivations was to go after the Russians that had been using the banking system of Cyprus to launder money…
Indeed, the IMF is reported to have been keen on the levy as a way to stem the flood of Russian money into the island over the last few years which has prompted concerns over money laundering.
Russian money accounts for about 25 percent of all money in the banking system of Cyprus, and obviously the Russians are quite upset by what the IMF and the EU have decided to do. Even Vladimir Putin is loudly denouncing this move…
Russian President Vladimir Putin called the tax “unfair, unprofessional and dangerous,” according to a statement posted on the Kremlin website. Russian companies and individuals have $31 billion of deposits in Cyprus, according to Moody's.
And you haven't heard a lot about this in the western media, but the Russians have actually stepped forward and have offered to help Cyprus out of this jam. For example, there are reports that Russian investors are interested in buying the two banks that were the primary cause of this bailout…
Officials have also said Russian investors are interested in buying a majority stake in Cyprus Popular Bank and increasing their holdings in Bank of Cyprus – the two biggest banks on the Mediterranean island.
And according to Sky News, Gazprom has offered Cyprus a very large sum of money for the right to explore their offshore gas reserves that have not been developed yet…
The uncertainty comes as Russia's finance minister said his country would consider restructuring its loans to Cyprus. Russian energy giant Gazprom has also reportedly offered financial assistance to Cyprus in exchange for access to the island's gas reserves.
So far the government of Cyprus has rejected the help of the Russians, but could they change their mind at some point? Apparently the Russians are offering enough money to completely fund the bank bailout…
According Greek Reporter, Gazprom made an offer over the weekend to the Cypriot government to fund the bank restructuring planned under the Cypriot bailout (which is set to cost up to €10bn) in exchange for exclusive exploration rights for Cypriot territorial waters. How reliable this story is remains to be seen, but it does hint at the geopolitical tension which we have been warning about. Gazprom is known to be very close to the Russian government and despite Russian President Vladimir Putin overtly slamming the deposit tax – calling it “unfair, unprofessional and dangerous” – it is unlikely that they would let this opportunity pass untouched. Fortunately, the Cypriot government is said to have rejected the deal off the bat, but if displeasure towards the eurozone and the EU grows, the Russian option may become increasingly appealing.
It will be very interesting to see what happens.
Meanwhile, some European officials are already suggesting that other nations in southern Europe should have a “wealth tax” imposed upon them. The following comes from an article by Paul Joseph Watson…
Joerg Kraemer, chief economist of the German Commerzbank, has called for private savings accounts in Italy to be similarly plundered. “A tax rate of 15 percent on financial assets would probably be enough to push the Italian government debt to below the critical level of 100 percent of gross domestic product,” he told Handelsblatt.
A “tax” of 15 percent on all financial assets?
Could you imagine if you woke up one morning and the government had decided to suddenly steal 15 percent of all the money that you had in bank accounts, retirement funds and stock portfolios?
If I had a bank account in Italy I would be very nervous right about now.
Under normal circumstances these kinds of things don't happen, but governments will use an “emergency” to justify all kinds of things. I recently came across an article that included a great quote by Herbert Hoover that put this beautifully…
“Every collectivist revolution rides in on a Trojan horse of ‘emergency'. It was the tactic of Lenin, Hitler, and Mussolini. In the collectivist sweep over a dozen minor countries of Europe, it was the cry of men striving to get on horseback. And ‘emergency' became the justification of the subsequent steps. This technique of creating emergency is the greatest achievement that demagoguery attains.”
This is what the elite love to do.
They love to create order out of chaos.
And this is just the beginning. The Great Cyprus Bank Robbery was just a beta test for what is coming next.
As the global financial system crumbles, the global elite are going to target our bank accounts, our retirement funds and our stock portfolios. You might want to start thinking about how you will protect yourself.
So what are your thoughts on all of this? Please feel free to post a comment with your thoughts below…
Nomvula Mokonyane and the African National Congress Youth League have warned anyone planning to march to Luthuli House that they will fight fire with fire.
JOHANNESBURG - Water and Sanitation Minister Nomvula Mokonyane and the African National Congress Youth League (ANCYL) have warned anyone planning to march to Luthuli House that they will fight fire with fire.
The youth league held a rally at the Germiston stadium on Tuesday in support of President Jacob Zuma and his decision to reshuffle the Cabinet.
Mokonyane addressed those gathered in Zuma's place, while he attended the party's national working committee meeting on Tuesday.
The ANCYL also threatened to burn down the Economic Freedom Fighters headquarters in Braamfontein should its Members of Parliament continue to disrupt Parliament.
While the Democratic Alliance's march to Luthuli House on Friday has been cancelled, the ANCYL says should anyone against the ANC - singling out the DA, EFF and Save SA - decide to march to the party's headquarters, they will fight back.
Agreeing with the sentiments was Mokonyane, who says they will be prepared.
She says Zuma has been a good president elected by the ANC, which was voted in by ordinary South Africans.
Mokonyane reaffirmed what she called a unilateral view from the ANC to keep Zuma in his position till 2019.
(Edited by Winnie Theletsane)
The Miami Dolphins are going back to London in 2015.
An NFL source has told The Miami Herald the Dolphins have been selected to once again be part of the growing number of games the league is playing at Wembley Stadium in London.
The date of the game and Miami's opponent has not yet been set. A report saying the Dolphins would be playing the Jacksonville Jaguars in London next year is not correct. Miami and the Jaguars are scheduled to play next year in Jacksonville but not in London and that game will not be moved.
The Dolphins are 1-1 in London.
In 2007 they lost to the New York Giants and this season they beat the Oakland Raiders.
It should come as no surprise the Dolphins might be making more trips to London. The NFL is hoping to expand the series that has already been widely popular.
The Dolphins are a popular team in the UK.
And as a team hoping to host Super Bowls, the Dolphins may have to accept more trips overseas as part of the priviledge of hosting the league's biggest game in Miami because the NFL has had internal discussions about making that part of the process.
Earlier this week, Rae Sremmurd released their debut record SremmLife. It's an album that, in a word, slaps. If you want a really close look at this group and why they're interesting and weird and pushing hip-hop forward, head over to our extensive profile, “Becoming Rae Sremmurd.” But if you want to truly appreciate Rae Sremmurd, you must first learn to unlock your swag, as the song “Unlock the Swag” so boldly suggests. Ask yourself, what do you want your swag to do for you? Do you want it to grant you financial freedom? What about freedom from society's expectations? Whatever you choose to do with all that swag is up to you, but you must first access it. Fortunately, it's possible. Let Yesion (that's Noisey backwards) and Rae Sremmurd help you unlock your swag with this helpful guide to the four areas of swag, and then let your swag work for you. Unlock the swag. The swag, unlock.
Turning Up
The first rule of unlocking the swag is that it's important to be cool, and there's no better way to prove you're cool, especially in Rae Sremmurd's world, than being the life of the party. You need to turn the fuck up. But how do you turn up and also manage to be sweet instead of just being the person passed out in the corner? Take Rae Sremmurd's words to heart:
On What to Do Right Now:
“Shots, shots, now let's fuckin' party”
On Local Bylaws Surrounding Alcohol:
“I've been sippin' on Patrón and wine / I'm just tryna have a good fuckin' time / I was chillin' with the open container”
On Killing Someone's Vibe and Wasting So Much Time:
“Killin' someone's vibe should be a fuckin' crime / wasting so much time should be a fuckin' crime”
On Getting High Responsibly:
“Get so high, gotta run it by NASA”
On Your Reputation:
“Say you do this every night / you gotta prove it to me / say you ‘bout that life / you gotta prove it to me”
On the Best Way to Exterminate Haters:
“Hi, bye hater, I flood the club with paper”
Money and Success
You can unlock any kind of door if you have enough money and prestige, and swag is no exception. But how do you achieve that kind of status and wealth? Let Rae Sremmurd show you:
On the Importance of Role Models:
“ATM go nuts, I do what I want / I say what I want, I grew up on Pac”
On Prioritizing:
“Damn, gon' call my phone askin', "Can we start over?" / She's interruptin' me, countin' my money, I had to start over”
On Establishing Quarterly Goals and Tracking KPIs:
“Forbes list, Forbes list, Forbes list, Forbes, read it like the Bible”
On the Element of Surprise:
“Pull up on your ass unannounced in a foreign / I don't know where I'm going”
On How to Fly Successfully:
“Good smoke, good vibes, it's the good life / Somehow I got the sack past security”
On Urgency:
“I need bottes here on the double / I need bitches here on the double / I need condoms here on the double”
On Having Sound Documentation of Your Financial Assets:
“Used to be a nigga want 20-inch rims / Now we got accountants out here for Rae Sremm”
On Whether or Not One Should Accept the Pickle Juice:
“Just pour up the Ace, that cheap shit makes me sick”
On Generosity:
“I even let your bitch keep the gold bottle”
On the Paradox of Choice:
“She said what's your type / I said I like what I like”
Fashion and Culture
Whether you're rocking the perfect alphet or curating the perfect Tumblr feed, your look and your artistic influences are half of your image. There is no swag without good taste. What should you enjoy, other than repeat listens of SremmLife the album? Let Rae Sremmurd be your vision board:
On the Best Fast and Furious Movie:
“Tokyo drift through the hills!”
On the Art of Televised Situational Comedy:
“Steve Urkel have a young nigga geeked”
On Not Letting Social Media Run Your IRL Life:
“Motherfuckers worry 'bout likes on they picture / They ain't got a single dollar, or a nickel / They ain't even got a penny, for the strippers”
On the Institution of Monarchy:
“All these fucking rings I'm shining like a fucking king”
On Proper Long Haul Trucking Attire:
“Wear my hat to the front / Like I drive a truck”
On Whether Your Guide to Unlocking the Swag Could Possibly Match Theirs:
“Keep your two cents / Take your own advice”
Social Cachet and Relationships
At the end of the day, unlocking the swag all comes down to how other people perceive you: It's about having friends around and showing that people want you. It's about making people want you. You have to unlock relationships, and then you can unlock more swag. How do you win friends and influence people and get laid? Allow Rae Sremmurd to be your wingmen:
On the Importance of Fostering a Multicultural Environment:
“I can point at different bitches, and I bet they all from different places”
On Proper Manners:
“No keys to crank this Mercedes / I ball like Tracy McGrady / Before that girl says anything / She gotta say please (Say please)”
On Elitist Detachment:
“I'm towerin' in the clouds lookin' down at you clowns / I have been up here for a motherfuckin' minute”
On Mutually Assured Destruction:
“The ho never shoulda chose me / And I shoulda never chose her”
On Effective Communication Skills:
“I showed them bitches / Better than I ever coulda told them bitches”
On Plotting a Political Coup or Revolution in Secrecy:
“You gettin' on my nerves with them questions / Girl you know I'm tryna start a little movement”
On the Future of America:
“Safe sex, no babies / everybody get wasted”
Australia a long way behind G20 counterparts on whistleblower protection, says report
Updated
Australia lags a long way behind other G20 countries when it comes to whistleblower protection laws, a new report claims.
Melbourne and Griffith University researchers compared the safeguards offered by each of the world's leading economic powers to those who try to expose wrong-doing.
They concluded that Australia has significant room for improvement, particularly in the private sector.
The G20 has identified fighting corruption as a major part of its agenda, saying it results in losses of around $1 trillion in revenue every year.
It made commitments in 2010 and 2012 to protect whistleblowers.
One of the report authors, Suelette Dreyfus, said Australia ranked around the middle of the G20 nations - behind similar countries like the US and the UK.
"I don't think that average is good enough, really," she said.
"Australia should be charging ahead and leading the way in private sector coverage as well.
"And there's no reason not to. It's made a commitment to do this.
"While there's been significant advances over the last few years compared to where we were at in say 2010, there's still a long way to travel.
"And the biggest area that needs some attention is around whistleblower protection laws applying to the private sector."
The research group, Blueprint for Free Speech and Transparency International Australia, put together its report in the run-up to November's G20 meeting in Brisbane.
Dr Dreyfus said she believed the benefits that whistleblowers brought were often overlooked.
"They ensure that taxpayer money isn't wasted on fraudulent activities. They ensure that our consumer products we buy at the supermarket or cars, that sort of thing, are safer," she said.
"Whistleblowing is a kind of collective moral conscience. It's quite a cost-effective way for stopping things like fraud in companies and in governments."
One man who has already tried to shine a light on what he saw as corruption said his experience had not been pleasant.
Brian Hood, former company secretary at the Reserve Bank-owned Note Printing Australia, blew the whistle on bribery and kickbacks allegations.
"I didn't get the sort of protection that I expected. I lost my job. I was made redundant," he said.
"I'd like to see for people now a very clear process - something that's written down, black and white, not only the whistleblower has to follow but that the organisation would be obliged to follow as well."
Topics: corporate-governance, activism-and-lobbying, australia
First posted
A very long battle seeking statehood for Telangana region has finally ended in the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh. However, the State's division has set a new battleground for caste politics in both the regions.
A very long battle seeking statehood for Telangana region has finally ended in the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh. However, the State's division has set a new battleground for caste politics in both the regions.
Although the entry of K Chiranjeevi into the politics before 2009 elections set new caste dynamics influencing the politics in Andhra Pradesh, it was TRS President K Chandrasekhar Rao who triggered the caste politics much before the process of bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh began. While Chiranjeevi sought political empowerment of Kapus by launching Praja Rajyam Party, it was KCR who announced that a Dalit would be made the first Chief Minister of Telangana while the Deputy Chief Minister's post will be given a Muslim.
Kapu community is strong in the coastal Andhra region. It has a heavy presence in 16 out of 25 Lok Sabha constituencies. It is very strong in Vizianagaram, Anakapalle, Araku, Amalapuram, Rajahmundry, Kakinada, Narasapur, Machilipatnam and Eluru. So far, no Kapu leader has ever become the chief minister of united Andhra Pradesh despite the strong presence of Kapu community in the state.
Kapus have been trying hard to empower themselves politically since 1980s. In the 1983 elections, they supported NT Rama Rao, a Kamma, with the aim of breaking the Reddy's domination in AP politics. However, the community could not achieve its goal and finally in was in 2009, they revived their hopes after Chiranjeevi launched PRP. However, an intense fight between Kapus, Reddys and Kammas resulted in confining the PRP to little over 20 seats and Chiranjeevi later merged his party into the Congress.
Having lost its ground in Seemandhra region due to the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh, the Congress party is now hoping to revive itself in the residuary State of Andhra Pradesh through a Kapu-BC combination. It named Dr N Raghuveera Reddy Yadav, a Backward Classes leader, as its new president for the APCC. Although the party replaced Botsa Satyanarayana, a Kapu, it gave the charge of party's revival to Chiranjeevi by fielding him as a star campaigner. The team also comprises of Anam Ramnarayana Reddy to balance the Reddy factor.
The Kammas and Reddys constituted about six and 10 per cent respectively of the population in Andhra Pradesh. They are economically and politically powerful. A majority of the state's 14 chief ministers were from these castes. But the division of the State has completely changed the caste equations.
In united Andhra Pradesh, the higher castes constituted 22% of the total population. But post-bifurcation, their population got reduced to 10.7% in Telangana, 11.8% and 24.2% in coastal Andhra. The OBCs got stronger in Telangana although they lost a little weight in Seemandhra. They constituted 44.5% in united AP, but now their population in Telangana is 50.7% although it decreased to 43% in Rayalaseema and 39% in coastal Andhra. The STs has emerged as a powerful group in Telangana with 10% population in Telangana. In united AP, their population was 6.6%. But post-division, their population in coastal Andhra will remain at 6% and they are 2.9% in Rayalaseema.
The division had no major impact on the Scheduled Castes. They were 16.2% in united AP. Now their population is 15.8% in Telangana, 16.7% in Rayalaseema and 16.3% in coastal Andhra.
The Muslims have emerged stronger in Telangana as their population in the region is 12.4%. They are equally stronger in Rayalaseema with12.5% population although they became weak in coastal Andhra with 4.5% population.
The impact of changes in the caste equations is more visible in Telangana politics. Although it was KCR who proposed a Dalit as the first Chief Minister of Telangana, he appears to changed his mind after the passing of Telangana Bill in the Parliament. Now he is indirectly promoting himself for the post. His opponents are trying to target him for this move describing it as a betrayal with Dalits. Since KCR is a Velama, his candidature for the Chief Minister's is not likely to be welcomed by other politically dominant castes. Although KCR is considered a hero of Telangana by many, his elevation to the post of Chief Minister is not likely to be received well by leaders belonging to other castes.
The Congress played a major trick to capatalise the growing sentiments of caste politics. It named Ponnala Lakshmaiah, a BC leader, as the president of Telangana Pradesh Congress Committee. It also made Uttar Kumar Reddy the Working President of TPCC. Former Deputy Chief Minister Damodar Rajanarasimha, a SC leader, was made the Chairman of Campaign Committee while Mohammad Ali Shabbir, a Muslim, was made Co-Chairman. Through this combination, the Congress gave a strong message that it was framing a new political composition comprising BCs, SCs, Muslims and Dalits. Union Minister Jairam Ramesh also announced that the Congress would make a Dalit leader the first Chief Minister of Telangana. By hijacking the promise originally made by KCR, the Congress has forced other parties to think on caste-lines in order to win the next elections. Source: Wah Hyderabad
Fans and researchers will have the chance to page through the private papers of the late novelist David Foster Wallace beginning Tuesday.
The Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas, Austin, which acquired manuscripts of the novelist's books, stories and essays in March, is officially opening the archive. It includes material from Mr. Wallace's own library, including marked-up copies of novels by Don DeLillo and others.
To celebrate the event writers and actors including Elizabeth Crane, Doug Dorst, and Jake Silverstein will read from his work and correspondence on Tuesday evening, an event that will be broadcast on the Web.
Mr. Wallace, whose 1996 book, “Infinite Jest,” won widespread acclaim, committed suicide in 2008 at age 46. A posthumous novel called “The Pale King” is expected out next year.
A new report from ZDNet's Mary-Jo Foley today claims that Microsoft is not planning to unveil a new Surface Book at the rumored upcoming Spring hardware event in April. Recent rumors claimed the new Surface Book 2 would be a traditional laptop rather than a 2-in-1, and start at the lower price of $1000, but Mary-Jo Foley reports that the Surface Book 2, whatever it may be, isn't ready yet.
With that in mind, it's unclear what Microsoft plans to announce at its rumored Spring event. Mary-Jo Foley says it's unclear if even a Surface Pro 5 will see the light of day, so what could Microsoft possibly want to announce? A new device category? Perhaps the Surface phone? I think that's unlikely due to the fact that the software for it is nowhere near ready, meaning the Surface phone is still several months away, at the very least.
Perhaps those Surface Book 2 rumors weren't the Surface Book 2, but rather a new Surface-laptop branded product separate from the Book line? Mary-Jo Foley speculates that considering the Creators Update is also launching in April, it'd make sense to launch a Surface device that caters to some of the Creators Updates the biggest features, including the upcoming Windows 10 Cloud SKU. Maybe Microsoft is planning to launch a Surface Cloud-Book instead?
This would be yet another new device category for the Surface brand, which is what Surface does best. The Surface Pro, Surface Book and Surface Studio are all devices that tried to reinvent device categories, and a Surface Cloud Book would do exactly that for the laptop form-factor. I personally would like to see another new non-pro Surface device be announced, powered by Windows 10 on an ARM CPU. The problem with that is Windows 10 on ARM isn't set to be ready until Redstone 3 in the fall, making a Spring announcement somewhat premature.
Regardless, we're interested in what you want to see Microsoft announce at its rumoured Spring hardware event. Let us know below!
A former co-worker of Omar Mateen said their employer, G4S Security, refused to take any action against Mateen for his completely unhinged and insane remarks for fear of being labeled politically incorrect.
Daniel Gilroy used to work at G4S Security and complained to the company numerous times about Mateen's derogatory comments regarding homosexuals and people of other races. He also talked about massacring people.
Gilroy said G4S Security did absolutely nothing in response to the complaints for fear of being politically correct, as 29-year-old Mateen was an open Muslim, Florida Today reports.
Mateen's disturbing behavior apparently didn't even stop when Gilroy quit the company. He says Mateen began to text him, sometimes 20-30 times a day.
“I quit because everything he said was toxic,” Gilroy told Florida Today, “and the company wouldn't do anything. This guy was unhinged and unstable. He talked of killing people.”
“He was scary in a concerning way,” Gilroy told NBC News. “And it wasn't at times. It was all the time. He had anger management issues. Something would set him off, but the things that would set him off were always women, race or religion. [Those were] his button pushers.”
While G4S Security did nothing, the FBI at least interviewed Mateen twice in 2013 after his co-workers complained about his comments. He reportedly made aggressive remarks about radical Islam, which spooked them badly. In 2014, the FBI reviewed his case again because of his connection to an American who left the U.S. to be a suicide bomber.
Still, after all that, the FBI didn't see fit to take the case any further.
Mateen finally decided to put his radical Islamist beliefs into action Sunday, when he burst into a gay nightclub in Orlando at 2:00 a.m. in the morning and killed 50 people and wounded 53 others. Just before he started his massacre, he placed a call to 911 and pledged allegiance to the Islamic State.
His father, Seddique Mateen, insisted that the terror attack had nothing to do with religion, although he also noted Mateen had been infuriated by two men kissing just two months ago. Seddique Mateen, bizarrely enough, has expressed support for the Afghan Taliban in the past.
Follow Jonah Bennett on Twitter
Send tips to jonah@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
President Donald Trump's administration has launched a public campaign to push the Republican-controlled Congress to uphold the White House's pro-immigration agenda by ending extended-family immigration into the United States….the Trump administration is looking to educate the American public on the issue of mass, legal immigration while also pressuring Republicans in Congress… to end the process by which new immigrants are currently allowed to bring an unlimited number of foreign relatives with them to the U.S. Trump Admin Launches Campaign to End Extended-Family Immigration into U.S. By John Binder, Breitbart, December 17, 2017
Most green cards in the United States are awarded based on an antiquated system of family ties, not skill or merit. This system of Chain Migration – whereby one immigrant can bring in their entire extended families, who can bring in their families and so on – de-skills the labor force, puts downward pressure on wages, and increases the deficit. Chain Migration also undermines national security, by failing to establish merit-based criteria for evaluating entrants into the United States – instead, familial relations are all that is required to obtain a green card and, in turn, become a voting U.S. Citizen within a short period of time, with access to Federal welfare and government benefits.
Wow, can this really be? Is a sitting U.S. presidential administration actually launching a campaign to end our nepotistic system of chain migration?In fact, the White House website has a document up entitled It's Time to End Chain Migration December 15, 2017) which says:Visit the website here . It also includes graphics and charts and statistics.
For example, it points out that “More than half of all immigrant headed households use one or more welfare programs.”
That's an important fact to point out to your conservative/libertarian/small government types who think mass Third World immigration is compatible with their principles.
We are now at a strategic juncture in our history, and this might be the last time to end chain migration. So you might join the White House in promoting an end to chain migration.
As far as specific legislation goes, VDARE.COM can't endorse it. But allow me to just point out that there is a pending bill in the Senate, S. 345, the RAISE Act (text here), and a pending bill in the House, H.R. 3775, Immigration in the National Interest Act (text here), which would certainly be of interest in this context.
A boob; that's what I am, a boob. — Barney Fife
When Officer Andrew Maddox of the state Parks and Recreation Department busted Middle Park High School for operating as a commercial river outfitter without a license, it was classic Barney Fife.
The sophomore class had been planning the trip for weeks. Sixty-four kids had raised money to pay the costs for food and expenses; the tents and rafts were packed; 18 teachers had organized two days of hikes and activities; and everybody was excited.
Then Maddox showed up at the Pumphouse access station along the Upper Colorado River on May 24 and threw the book at them.
“It was just absurd,” said Jack Van Horn, parent of one of the students and a former river outfitter. “It's bureaucracy run amok.”
Maddox, apparently abandoning all common sense, cited the teachers for violating state statute 33-32-102(3.3), which requires commercial river outfitters to obtain state licenses.
But last time anybody checked, Middle Park High School was still a school, and the team-building, outdoor education program that includes an afternoon of floating down the Colorado was still just a class field trip.
Or it was until Maddox showed up and nixed a tradition that has continued for 35 years.
In his written explanation for citing teacher Jack Dugwyler as a law-breaker, the state river ranger said the incriminating evidence included an “advertisement” for the trip contained on the calendar of the school's website and the notice sent to parents. He also insisted that the $50 students paid for food, transportation and other expenses constituted profit for the school.
“It's our contention that we were not advertising and not charging a fee,” said Robb Rankin, superintendent of East Grand Schools, who has taken the trip himself.
As every parent knows, schools send notes home all the time, and they're always begging for money to cover the costs for everything from field trips to Kleenex for the classrooms.
Rankin said he thought for certain that the district could explain the circumstances and get the charge dismissed. Van Horn even contacted Gov. Bill Ritter's office asking for help.
Ritter's chief of staff, Jim Carpenter, is an alumnus of the school and went on one of the raft trips back in the 1970s. “It was a long time ago,” he said, “but I remember that it was a great trip.”
Carpenter said he called Parks and Rec and asked officials there to look into the situation.
They are hanging tough.
“The way they want to resolve it is to have the teacher plead guilty and accept the consequences,” Rankin explained. “That's simply unacceptable.”
Rankin said the teacher was only doing his job, after all, and the school was operating under the assumption that it wasn't a commercial enterprise this year, last year — or ever.
So Rankin is taking the case to Grand County Court.
The hearing will be at 8:45 Tuesday morning and Rankin suggested students and their parents “come to see first-hand how the judicial system handles a case (in) which you are intimately involved.”
Van Horn and his daughter, Kristin, plan to attend.
As a former outfitter and one who worked with state officials to write the licensing statute back in 1984, he's convinced it is being misinterpreted.
“You have a school district that has invested a lot of time, energy and money into something designed to be an educational experience and that's totally undermined by somebody way, way, way overstepping his boundaries,” he said.
For her part, Kristin Van Horn is just hoping the issue is resolved so the week-long camping/rafting trip for juniors can be held as planned next spring.
This year, “everyone was really disappointed,” she said. “For some kids it was going to be their first time rafting.”
Instead they ended up paddling around Shadow Mountain Reservoir for a while. “It was really boring,” she said.
No one from the Parks and Recreation Department was available for comment. They were busy.
Channeling Mayberry, I presume.
Diane Carman's column appears Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday. Reach her at 303-954-1489 or dcarman@denverpost.com.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston has been accused of inappropriately touching an Uber driver in a 2016 incident, Buzzfeed reports. The NFL is investigating the matter, and sent a letter to the Uber driver.
A letter, viewed by BuzzFeed News, was sent from the NFL's special counsel for investigations, Lisa Friel, to the Uber driver on Thursday. “The League has been informed that you may have been the victim of such a violation perpetrated by Tampa Bay Buccaneers player Jameis Winston. The league takes allegations of this nature very seriously and has opened an investigation into this matter,” the letter read.
The driver alleges that Winston grabbed her crotch while they were waiting at a drive-through, and didn't remove it until she spoke up. He had earlier shouted homophobic slurs from the vehicle, the driver said. Winston was sitting in the front seat of the car.
Winston's representative, Russ Spielman, denied the allegation on behalf of the Buccaneers quarterback, claiming that the driver was unable to identify the “specific individual” who grabbed her crotch. Spielman did admit that it was Winston's Uber account that was used for the ride.
"We categorically deny this allegation. It is our understanding the uber driver was unable to identify the specific individual who allegedly touched this driver inappropriately. The only reason his name is being dragged in to this is that his uber account was used to call the ride."
The driver reported the incident to Uber, though she did not go to the police or consent to having her full name published in fear of backlash from football fans. She did tell five other individuals, who all corroborated the story to Buzzfeed. Uber permanently banned Winston from their platform in response to the incident.
Winston was accused of rape while at Florida State University. The quarterback was never charged with a crime in relation to that incident, though the investigation by local police was heavily flawed. Stemming from that accusation, Winston and his accuser settled a civil suit last December.
Update: Winston put out another statement denying the allegation. “I believe the driver was confused as to the number of passengers in the car and who was sitting next to her,” the statement reads in part.
It's so easy to dislike someone with Mark Zuckerberg‘s wealth or influence, but hats off to the guy. Not only did he pledge to give away the bulk of his fortune, he made sure to tell the world that his newborn daughter's getting vaccinated:
He says it so casually. And he should, since getting vaccinated shouldn't be an issue, but he has to know that he's stepping into a minefield.
Just consider how many ignorant people think vaccines can be delayed or ignored. Think about how even the neurosurgeon running for President couldn't be honest about the efficacy and importance of vaccinations. Realize the effect certain celebrities have had in spreading misinformation about vaccines.
It may not seem like a huge deal, but Zuckerberg isn't just telling people about a doctor's visit. He's making a statement. Those five words carry a lot of weight. It's good to see someone like him on the side of sound science, not afraid to advocate for it even in subtle ways.
SANTA FE, New Mexico--Data from faint earth tremors caused by wind-driven ocean waves--often dismissed as "background noise" at seismographic stations around the world--suggest extreme ocean storms have become more frequent over the past three decades, according to research presented at the annual meeting of the Seismological Society of America.
The International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and other prominent researchers have predicted that stronger and more frequent storms may occur as a result of global warming trends. The tiny tremors, or microseisms, offer a new way to discover whether these predictions are already coming true, said Richard Aster, a geophysics professor at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology.
Unceasing as the ocean waves that trigger them, the microseisms show up as five- to 30-second oscillations of Earth's surface at seismographic stations around the world. Even seismic monitoring stations "in the middle of a continent are sensitive to the waves crashing all around the continent," Aster said.
As storm winds drive ocean waves higher, the microseism signals increase their amplitude as well, offering a unique way to track storm intensities across seasons, over time, and at different geographical locations. For instance, Aster and colleagues Daniel McNamara from the U.S. Geological Survey and Peter Bromirski of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography recently published analysis in the Seismological Society of America journal Seismological Research Letters showing that microseism data collected around the Pacific Basin and throughout the world could be used to detect and quantify wave activity from multi-year events such as the El Niño and La Niña ocean disruptions.
The findings spurred them to look for a microseism signal that would reveal whether extreme storms were becoming more common in a warming world. In fact, they saw "a remarkable thing," among the worldwide microseism data collected from 1972 to 2008, Aster recalled. In 22 of the 22 stations included in the study, the number of extreme storm events had increased over time, they found.
While the work on evaluating changes in extreme storms is "still very much in its early stages", Aster is "hoping that the study will offer a much more global look" at the effects of climate change on extreme storms and the wind-driven waves that they produce. At the moment, most of the evidence linking the two comes from studies of hurricane intensity and shoreline erosion in specific regions such as the Pacific Northwest Gulf of Mexico, he noted.
The researchers are also working on recovering and digitizing older microseism records, potentially creating a data set that stretches back to the 1930s. Aster praised the work of the long-term observatories that have collected the records, calling them a good example of the "Cinderella science"--unloved and overlooked--that often support significant discoveries.
"It's absolutely great data on the state of the planet. We took a prosaic time series, and found something very interesting in it," he said.
###
Presentation: "Microseism-Based Climate Monitoring" in the session: Models, Methods, and Measurements: Seismic Monitoring Research. 8:30 - Noon (Mountain), April 17, 2008.
Aster, R. New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology; McNamara, D., U.S. Geological Survey in Golden, CO; Bromirski, P., Scripps Institution of Oceanography; and Gee, L., and Hutt, C.R., U.S. Geological Survey in Albuquerque, NM.
In some ways, it is strange to think that WWE's developmental show has, for the last four-plus months, had two men with a combined 30 years of professional wrestling experience feuding over its main championship.
The NXT title changed hands three times between independent veterans Samoa Joe and Shinsuke Nakamura -- 37 and 36, respectively, and certainly not what was expected in the earliest days of NXT. They have main-evented two NXT TakeOver specials in front of 10,000-plus people in Brooklyn and Toronto, as well as dozens of live shows across the globe, including a show in Osaka, Japan, in which Nakamura became a two-time NXT champion in early December in front of a familiar crowd.
Samoa Joe, a former Total Nonstop Action and Ring of Honor world champion, finally signed with WWE in 2015, debuting on NXT in May of that year. Many thought his stay on the brand would be brief before a main roster call-up. But he's still there in NXT, having propped up the main-event picture for more than 12 months.
Nakamura, a former three-time IWGP heavyweight champion with New Japan Pro Wrestling, is likewise recognized as one of the premier talents in world.
Yet, in July's brand extension draft, both Joe and Nakamura remained in NXT while the comparatively green Alexa Bliss, Nia Jax, Mojo Rawley and American Alpha all got call-ups to Raw and SmackDown Live, whose rosters could both certainly do with bolstering at the main-event level.
"One of the things that's funny to me -- I always laugh at it -- is when people say to me, 'I watch Nakamura every week in NXT. I don't know why they don't put him on Raw so I can watch him on Raw every week," WWE executive Paul 'Triple H' Levesque told ESPN, pulling a confused facial expression.
"You're getting to see him, right? You're getting to see him doing what he does, in a big way. The opportunities are there. He's got that clean path now to get here, when he gets here he might go there, he might go back."
NXT is the brainchild of Levesque, the 14-time world champion who headlined Wrestlemania 32 this year as WWE world champion in Dallas.
While initially conceived as a developmental brand twinned with WWE's Performance Center and based solely out of Florida, NXT has caught fire over the past two years. It has grown into its own distinct entity, garnering a growing fan base on the WWE Network with its weekly taped hour-long shows and NXT TakeOver specials, as well as its live events across the globe.
NXT can take credit for laying down a significant portion of the backbone of both Raw and SmackDown, with main eventers Kevin Owens, Seth Rollins, Dean Ambrose and Roman Reigns all developing their craft there, along with fan favorites Sami Zayn and Bayley.
Kevin Owens and Finn Bálor came into the WWE with more than enough in-ring experience, but both men gained a great deal during their time in NXT. WWE
But that could change, according to Levesque.
"We say that it's developmental, but at the same time it's a third brand -- 200 events this year, specials and the weekly show itself which are one of the most popular things on the Network," he continued. "I think over the years you're gonna begin to see Raw is its own brand, SmackDown is its own brand, NXT -- you're gonna see people move around. It's no longer gonna be just, this guy got called up, it's gonna be maybe 'this guy got moved over, she got moved here,' and see that transference of talent."
"At the end of the day, it's all content; it's all product that our fans wanna see. The difference in those products is big, but there's something there for everybody. I think that's what's exciting about it."
In the past two-and-a-half years, there is perhaps no talent whom fans wanted to see called up from NXT more than Finn Bálor. The Irishman was a first-round pick for Raw in July, but that opportunity only came after a record 292-day reign as NXT champion came to an end during a two-year tenure with the promotion.
Bálor became the inaugural WWE Universal champion at SummerSlam, quickly making his mark on the big stage, but relinquished the title the next night having suffered a torn labrum in his match against Rollins. He's been out of action ever since, with a target return date of Wrestlemania in April.
Now 35, in a business that takes its toll on the bodies of its performers, it is perhaps fair to question why WWE didn't sooner exploit Bálor's talents to their maximum potential. But Levesque still sees NXT as a vital stop for any professional wrestler making the transition from the independent scene to WWE.
"Guys have things to learn along the way," he added. "Unless you've done this, you can't understand the difference in what the television product is at a Wrestlemania level, to a Raw level, to an NXT level. We're trying to create that product.
"Finn Bálor is a guy that came in from an indie group -- so successful, a great in-ring performer, but had never really talked much. The first NXT event we did, he looked at me afterwards and was like, 'Dude, my mind is blown, because I never once thought where cameras were, or any of the other things that we do.'"
The experience of NXT seems to rarely be viewed as a punishment or purgatory for those who choose to sign with the WWE. Rather, it seems to hold a special place in the hearts of every performer -- veteran and rookie alike -- who is fortunate enough to pass through its ring ropes.
Owens, the current WWE Universal champion who wrestled on the independent scene for 14 years, said to ESPN in an interview over the summer that his time in NXT provided some of the greatest moments of his career; former TNA star Bobby Roode told ESPN before NXT TakeOver: Toronto last month that he is proud to be part of what he feels is the hottest brand in wrestling worldwide, despite the fact that, at 39 years of age, he certainly seems to be ready yesterday for a main-event slot on the main roster.
"We're a television product, in every single way," Levesque added. "And part of that knows how to make a television show. That's what we're teaching guys, and getting them along that way. And that's where the pathway now begins. It begins at a much lower level.
"You get guys that when they come out of NXT, they're TV-ready. You pull the trigger, and they're ready to roll on Raw or SmackDown. You didn't see that before. It was a big learning curve when they got up there. We're taking that learning curve and putting it way earlier in the process. That's where you're gonna see guys over the years be able to succeed and deepen that talent roster and that talent pool."
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Winning a "stand your ground" hearing to avoid criminal prosecution in Florida doesn't automatically grant immunity from civil suits, the state Supreme Court ruled Thursday in a case over a barroom fight.
Despite language in state law that gives civil liability protections to people who use force to defend themselves, a hearing that finds someone immune from criminal prosecution can't be applied in civil court, the ruling says.
The case involves an incident at a Tampa bar in which Ketan Kumar attacked Nirav Patel without provocation, according to court documents. Patel responded by hitting Kumar in the face with a cocktail glass, causing Kumar to permanently lose sight in his left eye. Patel was charged with felony battery, but was granted immunity under Florida's "stand your ground" law, which allows people to use force to defend themselves.
Then Kumar sued Patel, and Patel's lawyer said the case should be thrown out because of protections in the law. An appeals court agreed.
But the Supreme Court says a separate immunity process is required for civil cases. Among the reasons: The Legislature never clearly stated that one hearing would cover both criminal and civil cases, the law spells out that civil plaintiffs have to pay defendants' legal fees if defendants successfully argue they acted in self-defense, and a new law last year created a different burden of proof in criminal cases.
Patel's lawyer expressed surprise, saying the Legislature intended to protect people who use self-defense from all court proceedings, not to make them defend their actions twice.
"Immunity is immunity -- you either have it or you don't. It's like you're pregnant or you're not pregnant," said Steve Romine.
Romine said he is confident Patel will prevail in the civil "stand your ground" hearing, too. He said Kumar approached Patel and punched him in the face without saying anything and with no warning, and Patel simply reacted as anyone would to protect himself. He said the two men had never met and never spoken before the unprovoked attack.
"The end result here is fine for my client, it's just now that he's going to have to endure the hassle and time and cost of having another hearing," Romine said. "Now we're going to take up court time again and we're going to take up his time and everybody else's time to re-litigate something that I think the Legislature never intended to happen."
Kumar's lawyer didn't return a message seeking comment.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
From Wikipedia:
He served as a clerk at the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit for Judge Jerry Edwin Smith and then engaged in private practice[12] as an attorney with the law firms Gibson Dunn & Crutcher and Cooper & Kirk,[13] where he concentrated in labor, employment, and constitutional law, in cases at all levels of state and federal courts.[3] [citation needed]
After leaving active duty, Cotton joined McKinsey & Company, a management consulting firm. He subsequently returned to Dardanelle, where he works on his family's cattle farm.[7]
His first job out of law school is the kind of prestigious posting that top young lawyers out of Harvard aspire to: a clerkship at a Federal Appeals Court. The Fifth Circuit is based in New Orleans, but Smith's duty station is Houston. I can't tell how long he clerked, but as I understand it, that is usually a one-year assignment, leaving 18 months for him to practice in two different firms "in cases at all levels of state and federal courts." Citation needed, indeed! New associates usually are involved in cases to the extent of endless hours sorting through mass quantities of documents, proofreading filings, and looking up citations. Gibson Dunn & Crutcher is a big international firm; the kind of BigLaw place that pays $160,000/year to Ivy League graduates with good judicial clerkships under their belts. The new associates are expected to bust their butts for 5-6 years before the firm decides if they get the Big Prize, a partnership, or they leave and are replaced by a new associate. The firm does a wide variety of work, but apparently does a lot of litigation. I don't know what city he was working in then, but I presume Washington, DC, since his next job was with a DC firm. For unknown reasons, he apparently left GD & C to go to Cooper & Kirk , a small, prestigious DC firm that specializes in litigation. Maybe someone at Cooper & Kirk was impressed by his work at GD & C, and offered him a bunch of money to move. Or maybe he just wasn't happy at GD & C. Or maybe he actually sucked at law but the Old Boy network got him a second shot. He did pass the bar along the way. He is not currently a member of the DC bar, but does have an Arkansas law license, currently inactive.In any case, his second law firm job didn't last long, since he joined the Army in January 2005 and went to Officer Candidate School to become a second lieutenant. As I understand it, if he was an attorney in good standing, he would have been eligible to be directly commissioned as a captain to be a JAG attorney, but instead, he went into the infantry as the most junior of officers. Maybe he was feeling especially patriotic and wanted to fight. Maybe he hated law that much & wanted to forget it. Maybe he actually did just suck at law, & was told to find another line of work. Maybe he was actually trying to burnish his credentials for electoral politics. No one's saying.He seems to have done well in the military. Passed Airborne & Ranger schools, which isn't easy. A tour of duty as a platoon leader in the 101st Airborne for which he was decorated. Then, after returning from Iraq, he was assigned as a platoon leader to the Old Guard at Arlington. These are the ceremonial troops who conduct military funerals, guard the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, and do other ceremonial activities around DC. Another fairly prestigious posting; you need to be the right height & look good to get the job, as well as having favorable ratings. At some point, possibly after returning from Iraq, he was promoted to 1st Lieutenant. After another two years in the DC area, he volunteered to deploy and was promoted to captain. After another apparently satisfactory tour in Afghanistan, for which he was awarded a Bronze Star, he mustered out of the Army after four years of service.Also from Wikipedia Since he ran for Congress three years after leaving the Army, he wasn't at McKinsey & Co very long. That isn't a law job, so he apparently either didn't want to go back to the world of litigation, or he knew he wasn't cut out for it. McKinsey & Co is an enormous international management consulting firm similar to Mitt Romney's old firm Bain & Company. I can't tell where he worked for them. Cotton isn't an MBA, & had fairly limited prior experience in business management. Maybe this was related to his law experience, or maybe someone at McKinsey likes conservative Ivy Leaguers with military experience. At any rate, he left that job after an unclear amount of time to return to the family ranch. Did he suck at that job, too, or did he go home to re-establish residency in Arkansas so he could run for office?Aside from the Army, the other job Cotton is clearly good at is being elected to office in Arkansas. In his first try at electoral office, he won an open seat in Congress on the merits of his conservatism and his military service. Then, after only two years in Congress, he beat Mark Pryor soundly and became a Senator. We've already seen how good he is at that job (/snark) but in the next few years we'll see if he's aiming for higher office.
The Jewish ex-interior minister of Argentina will be investigated for his ties to the AMIA Jewish center bombing.
The Buenos Aires Federal Appeals Court last week ordered the probe of Carlos Vladimir Corach in connection with an illegal payment of $400,000 to Carlos Telleldin, an auto mechanic who was among those charged in the 1994 attack that left 85 dead and hundreds wounded.
Telleldin, who allegedly provided the car bomb that blew up the Jewish center, has not been indicted.
The three Appeals Court justices called on Federal Judge Ariel Lijo to investigate “the existence of concrete allegations involving Carlos Vladimir Corach, which have not been investigated until now” regarding the illegal payment to Telleldin.
Corach was interior minister during the Carlos Menem government in the 1990s. He was responsible for obtaining the building for the Holocaust Museum of Buenos Aires and was the main speaker at its inauguration.
This story "Jewish Ex-Interior Minister To Be Investigated in Buenos Aires Bombing" was written by JTA.
During Friday's Democratic Weekly Address Senator Catherine Cortez Masto (D-NV) said she shares the frustration of those in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands “who feel forgotten and neglected.” She also said, “We also call on the President to stand with the people of Puerto Rico, focus on saving lives, and tweet less about Wall Street creditors targeting the island. FEMA must waive any requirement forcing the people of Puerto Rico to contribute additional funds to their own relief effort in the middle of a debt crisis. We wouldn't do this to Florida, Texas, or any of the other 50 states. It's inhumane and irresponsible to keep an open tab on saving lives.”
Transcript as Follows:
“Hello, my name is Catherine Cortez Masto, I'm a Senator from the Great State of Nevada.
In the month of September, Americans in the Caribbean and along the southern United States experienced three hurricanes of the century – Harvey, Irma, and Maria.
These historically destructive hurricanes flooded homes, closed businesses, and turned the lives of millions of Americans upside down. So many heroes – including brave DREAMers – answered the call to rescue those that were trapped and provide shelter and comfort to the displaced.
I am proud of the efforts of all of our brave first responders – many gave their lives for their communities. I also want to take a moment to thank the many Nevadan's participating in the relief efforts, my best wishes go with the Nevada Army National Guard members from Reno and Carson City, who will soon be headed to Puerto Rico. Your actions make us all proud to be Americans.
This pride is tempered by the recognition that millions are still waiting for help. I share in the frustrations of Americans in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands who feel forgotten and neglected. I encourage Americans to volunteer and donate to legitimate organizations helping in relief efforts. Every dollar and every volunteer hour spent brings hope and relief to the people of Puerto Rico and all those impacted by these tragic hurricanes.
Right now, 3.5 million Americans are without power, food, and clean drinking water in Puerto Rico. Right now, hospitals on the island are unable to serve patients because backup generators do not have fuel. The elderly do not have their medicine. Puerto Ricans are fleeing flooded towns and cities with polluted waters, some with dead bodies floating in them, and looking to mountain streams to find safe drinking water. This is a public health crisis and must be treated like one.
Senate Democrats are standing with the people of Puerto Rico. Republicans in Congress must act now to deliver on the Trump administration's request for additional funding for search, rescue, and recovery operations.
We also call on the President to stand with the people of Puerto Rico, focus on saving lives, and tweet less about Wall Street creditors targeting the island. FEMA must waive any requirement forcing the people of Puerto Rico to contribute additional funds to their own relief effort in the middle of a debt crisis.
We wouldn't do this to Florida, Texas, or any of the other 50 states. It's inhumane and irresponsible to keep an open tab on saving lives.
I commend the efforts of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and of Customs and Border Protection in delivering water and providing rescue workers to assist in relief efforts.
The impact of these hurricanes will be felt for decades. We must render aid and protect all survivors – documented and undocumented.
That is why I joined my colleagues to call on President Trump to extend the arbitrary October 5th deadline for DREAMers to request extension of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals status. DREAMers are fellow survivors of these terrible storms.
And to the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, I want you to know that you deserve and will have the full support of our government as you recover and rebuild.
Thank you and we stand with you.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
The infamous “Wherehouse”, officially titled A. Wherehouse, is a warehouse located in Waltham, Massachusetts that was rented out by Aerosmith starting in 1975 and continuing for the remainder of the decade, and into the 1980's as well.
The warehouse featured a garage where the band members would park their cars, upstairs offices for the band's personnel, and a ground-level recording studio and stage where the band would often rehearse, write, and record music. The band would also hold meetings here and use the building to rest, relax and apparently, do lots of drugs.
About “A. Wherehouse”
Bassist Tom Hamilton, was quoted mentioning “The Wherehouse” and the Aerosmith “Rocks” album, he said,
“Let's see…I have to say the “Rocks” album is my all-time favorite one. Every time the band entered the studio to cut a new album, we were better and better! I feel that with this album we reached our peak! It's not just the songs on that album that makes it so special for me…we also had a lot of fun recording “Rocks”. We had a warehouse where we used to practice outside of Boston and we decided to do the tracks there…so we used a remote recording studio and the outcome of our practices in that warehouse is the “Rocks” album. We finished that record really quickly and it still stands the test of time! Great stuff… pure inspiration!”
A feelnumb.com reader sent us a link with the following Aerosmith Wherehouse invitation to a Halloween party. Check it out….
And the hand drawn map that was included…
The address is listed as 55 Pond Street Waltham, Massachusetts but this is the building that shows up on street view.
Bill__X from the Delta Bravo Urban Exploration Team took this photo of the actual A. Wherehouse building that is located behind the Google street view location.
Occasionally, Aerosmith would also rent out the stage and studio to other musicians. The band Boston scored their famous record deal when they rented out the building and played for record company executives here.
We have written about the Senate Intelligence Committee's forthcoming “Feinstein Report,” an attack on the Bush-era CIA's enhanced interrogation techniques. By all accounts, the report will conclude that the CIA regularly tortured terrorism suspects, lied to Congress about it, and gained no valuable information as a result.
I view the report as not only a political document — the latest salvo in the war between Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee and the CIA.
In my view, the war stems from the fact that leading congressional Democrats who were briefed on what the CIA was doing to fight terrorism signed off more or less unquestioningly. But later, when the political climate changed, these politicians tried to claim ignorance.
The CIA, understandably, was unwilling to let them off the hook. Now the Dems will have their revenge. (Republicans on the Committee honorably refused to participate in the farce.)
Sen. Feinstein has done everything possible to stack the deck against the CIA. As Steve Hayes reports:
Feinstein required former CIA directors and deputy directors to sign nondisclosure agreements in order even to see the accusations made against them. Despite the fact that virtually all of the 500-plus-page report has been declassified for release, the Feinstein committee also imposed, as a condition of access to the report, severe restrictions on what those officials may say in their own defense. Michael Hayden, former director of the CIA, told The Weekly Standard: “Based on the nondisclosure agreement I signed, I cannot talk to you about the details of the Feinstein report, the Republican rebuttal, or the agency response—all as a condition of my being able to see it.” In the clearest evidence that the committee was interested in blame rather than truth, the staffers did not seek to interview those involved in the interrogations.
This is searching for the truth, Democrat-style.
Fortunately, one of the CIA's lead interrogators is fighting back. According to Hayes, that interrogator, writing under the pseudonym Jason Beale, has produced a 39-page document that counters the narrative pushed by Democrats and amplified by journalists eager to discredit the program.
The Weekly Standard has made “Beale's” document available here. It makes for fascinating reading.
Some of the best evidence Beale elicits in support of the efficacy of enhanced interrogation comes from no less an authority than Barack Obama. Beale compares the statements of candidate Obama on the subject with those of President Obama:
Candidate Obama repeatedly stated that enhanced interrogation was not only immoral and un-American, but it didn't work. People will say anything to make it stop. Every leading interrogator and intelligence professional will tell you that “torture” never works—it produces bad intelligence.
But here was President Obama:
I am absolutely convinced it was the right thing to do [to end enhanced interrogation] —- not because there might not have been information that was yielded by these various detainees who were subjected to this treatment, but because we could have gotten this information in other ways, in ways that were consistent with our values, in ways that were consistent with who we are. But here's what I can tell you —- that the public reports and the public justifications for these techniques -— which is that we got information from these individuals that were subjected to these techniques– doesn't answer the core question, which is: Could we have gotten that same information without resorting to these techniques? And it doesn't answer the broader question: Are we safer as a consequence of having used these techniques?
Notice the switch. Candidate Obama insisted that enhanced interrogation didn't work. President Obama, now in a position to know the facts, can't make that claim. So he argues instead that, although enhanced interrogation succeeded in obtaining information from terrorists, we could have gotten the information in other ways.
The efficacy proposition — enhanced interrogation succeeded in prying information from terrorists == is a straightforward factual issue. It can easily be answered and clearly was answered, even to Obama's satisfaction, in the affirmative: the enhanced interrogations yielded good information.
The question of whether the information could have been obtained in other ways is less straightforward. It sounds hypothetical. By retreating to it, Obama feels he's on safer ground.
However, this hypothetical-sounding question — could we have gotten the same information through other methods – isn't necessarily unanswerable. The CIA tried initially to obtain information from the terrorists through non-enhanced means. And CIA interrogators like “Beale” have long experience in using such methods.
Here is Beale's response to President Obama's claim:
I know that we couldn't have collected the same information using standard techniques because I was an expert in using standard techniques — I used them thousands of times over two decades — and the notion that I could have convinced the detainees. . .to provide closely-held information (or any information at all) without the use of enhanced interrogation techniques is laughable. There is zero chance. Zero.
Zero. That's the same chance that Feinstein and her fellow Democratic revisionist historians would produce an honest report about the Bush CIA's use of enhanced interrogation techniques.
0 of 5
In his five years with the Trail Blazers, Brandon Roy made his mark on the NBA. He appeared in the All-Star game three times, was named the 2006-07 Rookie of the Year and was ranked No. 8 in the league for scoring during the 2008-09 season. He averaged 19.0 points per game for his career—peaking at 22.6 points in 2008-09 and 21.5 points in 2009-10—and is a 46-percent shooter. He has played in 15 career playoff games, including six in 2008-09 when he averaged 26.7 points per game in the postseason.
The Timberwolves' acquisition of the recently retired Roy in July has generated a high level of intrigue and excitement from fans and media members alike.
Roy will be a positive asset to Minnesota's roster. Here are five reasons why.
Right after his first loss to Chris Weidman, UFC star Anderson Silva said he wouldn't fight for the belt again. He eventually changed his mind, but suffered a brutal leg break in the rematch six months later.
The former middleweight champion, who is currently facing a suspension after testing positive for four banned substances in his UFC 183 clash with Nick Diaz, says he battled different issues ahead of both title bouts against Weidman in 2013.
"I lost the first time due to lack of focus," Silva told Citizens of Humanity. "Because I was thinking of other things, because I was unhappy with myself within what I was doing in my sport and disappointed even with the organizers of fighting, and the downfalls of celebrity and fighting itself."
"The second fight, I was completely ready for," he continued. "God gave me a signal there: ‘Dude, you gotta stop. You have to stop. I gave you a sign; you didn't understand…' But more than that, it was about being able to see yourself, to see yourself, which is very hard, and realize, ‘Darn, I've been doing everything wrong'."
Following the losses, Silva changed his plans multiple times. At first, the Brazilian said he wasn't interested in making another run towards the belt, but later changed his mind. In this recent interview, "The Spider" admitted he misses holding a UFC belt.
"This thing, being a champion, I can't say that I don't miss it sometimes… but when I started fighting, you just went there, fought, won if you won," he said. "Tomorrow it was all over, water under the bridge. All the victories I always had, the successful results I obtained, were always based on this: I go there, I fight, it's over. I win, it's over. I lift my arm, I go home. I lift my arm, it's over. And then back to the start again."
Temporary suspended by the Nevada Athletic Commission, Silva is expected to finally appeal the failed test in August.
ADVOCACY ARCHIVE
INTRA - AGENCY MESSAGES
Received 2944-11-04_09:12 SET
TO: SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
CC:
FROM : SA GORE MENDAL
CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
Good news, sir. I think we got the S.O.B.
Working with BH Adalai Gorne panned out. Just finished processing the handoff and we have the suspect in custody now. My gut's telling me this is our guy.
The perp is one Rigs Bakas; discharged Navy starman (rec#49921a1-5j), no priors, and no employment record post-service till he shows up at FTL 9 months ago. If the name's familiar, sir, it's because we brought in Bakas as part of the first round of questioning. He was released since he had no direct contact with the Goldfinch files after Origin brought them in to FTL, but it's no longer seeming like that's the case. Turns out that Bakas as a “senior runner” was in charge of double-checking that the junior couriers were adhering to the company's policies concerning food and other contraband in the changing area; more specifically, impromptu locker inspections. This means that Bakas could have had access to the courier Colby's transport-Glas before the Goldfinch files were ever placed on it, and given himself a backdoor. A loose connection for sure, but it turns out (and this is the part where Adalai gets the nod) that the files released onto spec were unpacked using a cryptkey that FTL only distributed to employees during a 6-month stretch where they were switching vendors. Guess who started work doing the last month of those 6 months? Preliminary searches on Bakas' personal effects and accounts haven't turned up anything yet, but we've tossed his Glas up to d4 to see if they uncover anything with their forensic voodoo.
If Adalai's info checks out on Bakas like I think it will, she deserves every bit of the credits Origin posted for the bounty.
Gore Mendal
Special Agent
BadgeID 92312h
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_09:17 SET
TO: SA GORE MENDAL
CC: SC PENELOPE SONTA ; ASC DARVIS LENN
FROM : SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
Re: CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
This is outstanding work, Mendal. There has been a lot of attention on this case and I think everyone will be relieved that we are close to filing charges on this one. I have signed off approval for Gorne, so as soon as charges are filed she'll get her bounty. I have looped in SC Sonta and ASC Lenn as they've expressed a desire to be kept abreast of any developments. Let us know when you hear back from d4.
Mathilde Pradchaphet
Special Agent-in-Charge
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_09:18 SET
TO: SA GORE MENDAL
CC: SC PENELOPE SONTA ; SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
FROM : ASC DARVIS LENN
Re: CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
Excellent news. Can't wait till we're ready to tell Friskers.
Darvis Lenn
Assistant Section Chief
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_09:18 SET
TO: SA GORE MENDAL
CC: ASC DARVIS LENN ; SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
FROM : SC PENELOPE SONTA
Re: CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
Good work, agent.
Penelope Sonta
Section Chief
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_09:25 SET
TO: SA GORE MENDAL
CC: ASC DARVIS LENN ; SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
FROM : SC PENELOPE SONTA
Re: #URGENT# CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
Agent Mendal,
New information has recently come to light, and the Advocacy no longer considers Rigs Bakas to be a suspect. Your current orders are to release him from detention ASAP and return to him all personal property being held as evidence.
Thank you for your compliance,
Penelope Sonta
Section Chief
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_09:27 SET
TO: SC PENELOPE SONTA
CC: ASC DARVIS LENN ; SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
FROM : SA GORE MENDAL
Re: #URGENT# CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
I'm sorry, I don't understand. With all due respect, why would we release him before we conclude our investigation? What could this new information possibly be? As lead agent on this case I have a right to know if it has any bearing on the inquiries I am making.
Gore Mendal
Special Agent
BadgeID 92312h
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_09:31 SET
TO: SA GORE MENDAL
CC: ASC DARVIS LENN ; SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
FROM : SC PENELOPE SONTA
Re: #URGENT# CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
With all due respect, agent, I am under no obligation to explain myself to you. Release him. That is an order.
SAC Pradchapet, I am trusting that you've instructed your agents as to what an order is.
Penelope Sonta
Section Chief
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_09:32 SET
TO: SC PENELOPE SONTA
CC: ASC DARVIS LENN ; SA GORE MENDAL
FROM : SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
Re: #URGENT# CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
Of course, sir. We will take care of it.
Sorry for the misunderstanding.
Mathilde Pradchaphet
Special Agent-in-Charge
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_09:33 SET
TO: SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
CC:
FROM : SA GORE MENDAL
Re: #URGENT# CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
Misunderstanding?!? This is bullshit, Matty, and you know it! There's no way I'm releasing this guy.
Received 2944-11-04_09:39 SET
TO: SA GORE MENDAL
CC:
FROM : SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
Re: #URGENT# CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
Check your tone, Agent Mendal.
Like it or not, this is an order from on high. We follow it. End of story.
Cut him loose, or I find a new agent for this case.
Mathilde Pradchaphet
Special Agent-in-Charge
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_09:53 SET
TO: SAC MATHILDE PRADCHAPHET
CC:
FROM : SA GORE MENDAL
Re: #URGENT# CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
I'm sorry. I let my anger get the better of me and for that I really do apologize.
But listen to me, sir, this isn't right. I know that Bakas is connected to this whole mess one way or another. You should have seen him in processing. Ice the whole time. Hell, now I'm starting to think that he expected to get out of here as soon as we had him in cuffs. When I asked him if he wanted to comm anyone he said he “didn't need to.”
On top of that, when I was digging into FTL, I learned that there was another purported data breach a few months back. Some piece of work named Burnett was brought in by Hennessy over in Oya for swiping some weapon schematics. A day after he was in custody he was released again for “booking irregularities.” Something bigger is going on here, Matty.
Despite my better judgment, I'm releasing Bakas now, but until you order me to stop, I'm going to keep looking into this case through any means possible.
Gore Mendal
Special Agent
BadgeID 92312h
Office of the Advocacy
Prime, Terra III, Terra
Received 2944-11-04_17:04 SET
TO: SA GORE MENDAL
CC:
FROM : DIR . THOMAS CARMODY
Re: #URGENT# CaseFile#pt-45e1dl [Digital Larceny / Origin]
Hello Agent Mendal,
We have not yet had the opportunity to meet, but I believe, in light of recent events, it may be the time to rectify that.
I am on my way to Prime now. Do you know of a good, out of the way tea house where we may share a drink?
Thomas D. Carmody
Director
Office of the Advocacy
New York, Earth, Sol
Michael Simari
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Nissan is recalling 846,000 Altima sedans in the U.S. for faulty hood latches. If this sounds familiar, it's because this is the third (and hopefully final) time this problem has surfaced.
The 2013-2015 Altima has a secondary hood latch—the one you grab after the hood pops open partially—that may not lock the hood in place. Assembly problems with the actuation lever and improper anti-corrosion coating have contributed to the latches binding and rusting. Since dealers may have made haphazard repairs on the second round of 625,000 cars (that involved grease and bending a lever), Nissan wants to replace all of the hood latches just to be safe. The first recall, initiated in September 2014, involved 220,000 cars from 2013.
In January 2015, Nissan recalled 170,665 late-model Pathfinder and Infiniti JX35/QX60 SUVs for problems with secondary hood latches, which were installed incorrectly so that the hood-release cable would not engage the locking claw.
Lecturing in late 1968, the American sociologist Harvey Sacks addressed one of the central failures of technocratic dreams. We have always hoped, Sacks argued, that “if only we introduced some fantastic new communication machine the world will be transformed.” Instead, though, even our best and brightest devices must be accommodated within existing practices and assumptions in a “world that has whatever organisation it already has.”
As an example, Sacks considered the telephone. Introduced into American homes during the last quarter of the 19th Century, instantaneous conversation across hundreds or even thousands of miles seemed close to a miracle. For Scientific American, editorializing in 1880, this heralded “nothing less than a new organization of society – a state of things in which every individual, however secluded, will have at call every other individual in the community, to the saving of no end of social and business complications…”
Yet the story that unfolded was not so much “a new organization of society” as the pouring of existing human behaviour into fresh moulds: our goodness, hope and charity; our greed, pride and lust. New technology didn't bring an overnight revolution. Instead, there was strenuous effort to fit novelty into existing norms.
The most ferocious early debates around the telephone, for example, concerned not social revolution, but decency and deception. What did access to unseen interlocutors imply for the sanctity of the home – or for gullible or corruptible members of the household, such as women or servants? Was it disgraceful to chat while improperly dressed? Such were the daily concerns of 19th-century telephonics, matched by phone companies' attempts to assure subscribers of their propriety.
As Sacks also put it, each new object is above all “the occasion for seeing again what we can see anywhere” – and perhaps the best aim for any writing about technology is to treat novelty as not as an end, but as an opportunity to re-scrutinize ourselves.
I've been writing this fortnightly column since the start of 2012, and in the last two years have watched new devices and services become part of similar negotiations. By any measure, ours is an age preoccupied with novelty. Too often, though, it offers a road not to insight, but to a startling blindness about our own norms and assumptions.
Take the litany of numbers within which every commentary on modern tech is couched. Come the end of 2014, there will be more mobile phones in the world than people. We have moved from the launch of modern tablet computing in mid-2011 to tablets likely accounting for over half the global market in personal computers in 2014. Ninety per cent of the world's data was created in the last two years. Today's phones are more powerful than yesterday's supercomputers. Today's software is better than us at everything from chess to quiz shows. And so on.
Singularity myth
It's a story in which both machines and their capabilities increase for ever, dragging us along for the exponential ride. Perhaps the defining geek myth of our age, The Singularity, anticipates a future in which machines cross an event horizon beyond which their intellects exceed our own. And while most people remain untouched by such faith, the apocalyptic eagerness it embodies is all too familiar. Surely it's only a matter of time – the theory goes – before we finally escape, augment or otherwise overcome our natures and emerge into some new phase of the human story.
Or not. Because – while technological and scientific progress is indeed an astonishing thing – its relationship with human progress is more aspiration than established fact. Whether we like it or not, acceleration cannot continue indefinitely. We may long to escape flesh and history, but the selves we are busy reinventing come equipped with the same old gamut of beauties, perversities and all-too-human failings. In time, our dreams of technology departing mere actuality – and taking us along for the ride – will come to seem as quaint as Victorian gentlemen donning evening dress to make a phonecall.
This is one reason why, over the last two years, I've devoted a fair share of columns to the friction between the stories we tell about tech and its actual unfolding in our lives. From the surreptitious erosion of digital history to the dumbness of “smart” tech, via email's dirty secrets and the importance of forgetfulness, I love exploring the tensions between digital tools and analogue selves – not because technology is to be dismissed or deplored, but because it remains as mired in history, politics and human frailty as everything else we touch.
This will be the last regular Life:Connected column I write for BBC Future. Instead, I'll be writing a book about one of my obsessions: attention, and how its quantification and sale have become a battleground for 21st Century selves. I will, however, continue examining technology's impact here and elsewhere – and asking what it means to watch ancient preoccupations poured into fresh, astounding moulds.
On which note: what do you think is most ripe for abandonment around technology today? Which habit will come to be seen by future generations as quaint – our equivalent of putting on bow ties for telephones? If you want to stay in touch, tweet me at @TomChatfield and let me know what you think.
If you would like to comment on this, or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook or Google+ page, or message us on Twitter.
Entrance sign
The Chapleau Crown Game Preserve is a fur bearing animal preserve area in Ontario, Canada, north-east of Lake Superior. It covers some 7,000 square kilometres (2,700 sq mi)[1] in the Algoma and Sudbury Districts, and is officially classified as a Crown Game Preserve by the Government of Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources.[2]
All animals are protected from hunting and trapping in the preserve since its formation in 1925.
The game preserve is bound by the Canadian National Railway to the north, the Chapleau River to the east, the Canadian Pacific Railway to the south, and by the Algoma Central Railway to the west. It encompasses Pichogen River Provincial Park and part of Missinaibi Provincial Park, whereas the Chapleau-Nemegosenda River Provincial Park is on its eastern boundary:
"An Order-in-Council dated May 27, 1925 designated all that territory bounded on the south by the Canadian Pacific Railway from Chapleau to Franz, on the west by the Algoma Central and Hudson Bay Railway from Franz to Oba, on the north by the Canadian National Railways from Oba to the hamlet of Agate near Elsas, and on the east by the Chapleau or Kebsquasheshing River from Agate to the place of the commencement as the "Chapleau Crown Game Preserve" - Vince Chrichton - 'The History of the Chapleau Crown Game Preserve' Found in Ontario Archives. The border was changed slightly in 1930. It was moved a few miles east from Agate to Kapuskasing Station which today is known as Elsas.
History [ edit ]
The area is the homeland of the Ojibwa and Cree people of Northern Ontario, where they would not only hunt and fish, but had a rich culture and relationship to the landscape. Several sites with pictographs still testify to their past presence, especially Fairy Point on Missinaibi Lake.
The first Europeans were probably the coureurs des bois, looking for new fur trade territory. In the 17th and 18th century, the French and English traders visited the area. At the end of the 18th century, The Hudson's Bay Company and the North West Company both had posts in the area - including Brunswick House at Missinaibi Lake. This marked decades of trade war in the area, until the two companies amalgamated in 1821. The HBC dominated the area's trade until the CPR line was built in 1885. This resulted in the influx of settlers.[1]
The Cree and Ojibwa of the area negotiated and signed the Robinson Superior Treaty and Treaty 9, which guaranteed their rights to hunt, fish, and trap on the area.
By the early 20th century, both the Canadian Pacific and Canadian National Railways crossed the area and allowed easier access for prospecting, hunting, and logging. It was not long before the exploitation resulted in a depletion of wildlife. In particular, game and fur-bearing animals were over-hunted alarmingly.[1]
William McLeod (1872–1940),from Chapleau, Ontario, brought the issue to the attention of the Ontario Government and on May 27, 1925, the Chapleau Crown Game Preserve was established. The creation of the Game Preserve was one, and only one, of fifteen recommendations William McLeod made in a 1923 paper he wrote on the problems of the fur trade in Northeastern Ontario. Almost all of the recommendations were eventually enacted into law by the Government of Ontario. All hunting and trapping was and still is prohibited within the Game preserve's boundaries.[1] This left the First Nations of the area without a subsistence lifestyle, and resulted in ongoing conflict about their rights and access to hunting in the Game Preserve.
The Brunswick House Band was relocated to a new reserve near Elsas on the main line of the Canadian National Railway. In 1948 they were relocated to another new Reserve at Tophet on the main line of the Canadian Pacific Railway east of Chapleau. They were again relocated in 1973 to yet another reserve at Duck Lake on Highway 101 three miles from Chapleau where they live today.
Wildlife [ edit ]
Wildlife abounds in the preserve, allowing many exceptional viewing opportunities.[1] Animals present in the preserve include:
Access [ edit ]
Welcome sign at Chapleau
The primary access to the southeastern portion of the preserve is through the community of Chapleau, from which forest roads provide access to many of the preserve's interior lakes and rivers and Missinaibi Provincial Park.
The Algoma Central Railway Passenger Train provides access to the western portions of the preserve including access to traditional canoe routes that flow to both Lake Superior and Hudson Bay from the height of land that roughly parallels the Canadian Pacific Railway border of the Preserve between Chapleau and Franz. One canoe route starts immediately south of the height of land at Wabatongushi Lake which is the headwaters on the Michipicoten River that flows to Lake Superior. The second canoe route starts just north of height of land at Oba Lake which flows into the Oba River, then into the Albany River system to Hudson Bay.
The existing CN and CP railroads continue to provide access to the area for logging operations with several stops in the area, such as:
Elsas
Peterbell
Dalton
Nicholson
Akron
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Video: Parrots use pebble tools to grind up calcium supplements
Parrots can dance and talk, and now apparently they can use and share grinding tools.
They were filmed using pebbles for grinding, thought to be a uniquely human activity – one that allowed our civilisations to extract more nutrition from cereal-based foods.
Megan Lambert from the University of York, UK, and her colleagues were studying greater vasa parrots (Coracopsis vasa) in an aviary when they noticed some of the birds scraping shells in their enclosure with pebbles and date pips.
Advertisement
“We were surprised,” says Lambert. “Using tools [to grind] seashells is something never seen before in animals.”
Afterwards, the birds would lick the powder from the tool.
Some of the parrots even passed tools to each other, which is rarely seen in animals. This behaviour was exclusively male to female.
Lambert and her team, who watched the parrots for six months, noticed that the shell-scraping was more frequent before their breeding season.
Since seashells contain calcium, which is critical for females before egg-laying, they suspect that the parrots could be manufacturing their own calcium supplements, as the mineral is probably better absorbed in powder form.
Greater vasa parrots are native to Madagascar and have breeding and social systems unique among parrots. For example, two or more males have an exclusive sexual relationship with two or more females, and they are unusually tolerant of their group members. The reproductive ritual of sharing tools and grinding could be yet another one of their quirks.
But the purpose of the behaviour is not yet settled. Although females need the calcium, it was usually males who were caught grinding. Perhaps, they regurgitate the mineral and pass it on to their mate: they are known to do so with food.
But why use a tool and not just the beak, anyway? The team suspects that using their beak alone for grinding may be uncomfortable.
Lambert now hopes to follow up by observing parrots in the wild. “I would like to see if they interact with seashells before breeding season in nature as well,” she says.
Previously, their cockatoo relatives have been spotted using sticks to retrieve fallen objects and last year they were observed learning these skills from others.
Alex Kacelnik from the University of Oxford, one of the authors of the cockatoo study, is fascinated by the new discovery in parrots.
“It adds to the rich assortment of tool-related skills in a growing number of species,” he says. “It is hard to believe that until a few decades ago humans were supposed to be the only species that used tools.”
Journal reference: Biology Letters, DOI: 10.1098/rsbl.2015.0861
Read more: “Birds do impressions – it's time to take them seriously” and “Sharp thinking: How shaping tools built our brains“
An EPB official revealed at the recent Gigabit Cities Live at Charlotte that it is exploring adding a 100-gig service.
Mari Silbey, senior editor of Cable/Video, said - not long after Chattanooga was a worldwide pacesetter in offering a gigabit per second - it may be upping that 100 times.
She said at the conference EPB's Colman Keane "revealed that 100-gig speeds are on the company's year-to-year road map. That's not hyperbole, and it's not a vague promise of exponential speed increases."
Ms. Silbey said EPB "is among the first companies testing next-generation PON technology and deploying 10-gig services to both business and residential subscribers. Keane believes the demand for greater broadband capacity will only continue to grow, and EPB plans to be ready when it does."
She added, "Keane was also among those at Gigabit Cities Live to share new insights into why gigabit and multi-gigabit speeds are so important. As Keane explained it, speed was used as a proxy for latency when EPB first installed gigabit broadband to power communications in its smart grid network. Total capacity was less important than the ability to ensure fast response times."
The article also focuses on the fact that students in a high school lab in Chattanooga are using high-speed Internet to learn from scientist at the University of Southern California and manipulate a 4K microsope.
For more information about the Gigabit Cities Live event, click here.
Miss the kickstarter and still want Hunters Mark?...go to www.gamenatural.com
HUNTERS MARK is an adventure/sourcebook for D&D 5E. It contains new monsters, crafting, rules and monster hunts to take a party from level 1 to 10+.
We have six different reward pledges for this Kickstarter.
The first reward gets you the Hunters Mark PDF. This is the core book containing the rules for running monster hunters and the Hunters Mark adventure storyline.
The second reward gets you the Fantasy Grounds Files. These files include everything from the Hunters Mark.
The third reward gets you the Hunters Mark PDF plus the Bounty Book PDF, which contains printable maps and handouts for the Hunters Mark adventure storyline.
The fourth reward gets you the Fantasy Grounds Files. These files include everything from the Hunters Mark and Bounty Book. Plus, you receive the Hunters Mark PDF and Bounty Book PDF for reading away from Fantasy Grounds.
The fifth reward gets you the Hunters Mark Softcover Print version (standard color heavyweight) at cost from RPGNow. The Print version includes everything in the Hunters Mark, the Bounty Book, and the Guild Guide in one book. We estimate the softcover to cost between $7-10 with all fulfillment taking place through RPGNow. With this reward, when the books are ready, you will receive an email with a code for ordering the book from RPGNow.
With this reward tier you'll also get the Hunters Mark PDF, Bounty Book PDF, and Guild Guide PDF (which has pre-generated hunters, pets, and gear).
The sixth reward gets you the Hunters Mark Hardcover Print version (standard color heavyweight) at cost from RPGNow. The Print version includes everything in the Hunters Mark, the Bounty Book, and the Guild Guide in one book. We estimate the hardcover to cost between $9-11 with all fulfillment taking place through RPGNow. With this reward, when the books are ready, you will receive an email with a code for ordering the book from RPGNow.
With this reward tier you'll also get the Hunters Mark PDF, Bounty Book PDF, Guild Guide, and Ghost Hunters PDF. Plus one Guild membership allowing you to create a custom guild pet, hunter weapon or hunter armor which will be included in the Guild Guide!
With the seventh reward gets you the Hunters Mark Hardcover Print version for you and a copy of the Hunters Mark Softcover Print version for a friend.
With this reward tier you'll also get two copies of the Hunters Mark PDF, Bounty Book PDF, Guild Guide, and Ghost Hunters PDF. Plus the Territory Map Pack, and two Guild memberships allowing you to create custom guild pets, hunter weapons or hunter armors which will be included in the Guild Guide!
Add-ons
+$10 Guild Membership. Pick one: Create a custom guild pet or hunter weapon or hunter armor. Limit five membership per backer. All custom content from Guild members is put into the Guild Guide!And you get the Guild Guide PDF.
+$10 Hunters Mark: Ghost Hunters PDF. Introduces new ghost bounties, corruption, and ghost traps! This is a exclusive kickstarter PDF not in the Hunters Mark Softcover.
+$10 Territory Map Pack. Play on ten gorgeously designed maps representing monster territories. This PDF contains both web and printable versions.
+$15 Fantasy Grounds Files. With this add-on you'll get the Fantasy Grounds Files for all PDFs in your reward level.
First Preview....Cockatrex!
You'll notice an expanded stat block with Primal Actions and Spoils.
Primal actions work similarly to Legendary/Lair actions. They trigger when a monster is wounded, transforming it into Beast mode.
Spoils is one of the rewards of a successful hunt. They act as components that you can craft weapons and armor with.
Second Preview...Hunter Weapons!
Hunter Weapons including Infused and Transform weapons.
Infused weapons allow you to expend a rune attached to the weapon to gain elemental attacks for 24 hours.
Transform weapons or trick weapons have a secondary mode that can give a hunter an upper hand in a monster fight. Critical hits with a transform weapon is a combo of both modes as the hunter expertly takes down her foe.
Third Preview...Hunt Rules!
Hunting monsters the size of a whole village can be a daunting task Luckily, a hunter has a few tricks up his sleeve including climbing huge monsters and escaping combat.
Fourth Preview....Wolfhorde Hunter Faction!
Fifth Preview...Campfire Games!
Campfire games let's you play games of chance in your RPG game!
Welcome to the World of Monster Hunting
Are you ready for the most brutal job in the world…where every fight is a boss fight? Can you co-operate with your rivals to take down the most dangerous monsters?
Hunters Mark provides you with an over-the-top storyline, bad-ass monster fights, and perilous lairs to plunder. Welcome to the bold world of monster hunting - where the only thing more savage than rampaging monsters are the hunters tasked to take them down. You'll get everything you need in this book to expand your world including monster spoils, a new treasure option for characters!
Some Backstory...
We got frustration with published adventures being narrow and linear. Save ______ from _______.
So, we got it in our heads to put out what we like to play.
Inspired by action role-playing video games such as Shadow of the Colossus, Dark Souls, and Monster Hunter, we sat down for over seven months coming up with Hunters Mark. We love this book and we think you will too.
Hunters Mark provides an over-the-top storyline and lets the players pick rivals and difficulty – are you the very best hunter or do you team-up to take on the monster that's out of your league? The outcome of the adventure grows out of real choices that the players make!
Look, we're not going to sugar coat it – many of the bounties are punishing. Do not get this if you are afraid of total party kills. Do not get this if you want a relaxing game session.
Hunters Mark has thirty monster bounties with both new and classic monsters -- here are some of the first bounties the players face.
The Birds of Baubles: After a few odd eggs hatch at market, the party must hunt the young cockatrex.
A Dirge of Dogs: In order to help the nearby town folk, the party struggles with a death dog pack.
A Snake of Fires: When a failed summons results in demise, the party battles with a fiery snake from hell.
To Hang the Harpy: One of our hunters learns that he has a fatal attraction from a crag harpy.
The Chase of Crawlers: A town seeks to move its old graveyard but find out that their dead are not alone.
The Ruins on Rooftops: When gargoyles take a lowly hostage, the party must take to the church rooftop.
The baseline product is a book with thirty bad-ass bounties, including beautifully illustrated full-color artwork.
COMPLETED! If we reach $4,000, we'll increase the bounties! We'll add six Rare bounties detailing devious denizens. In addition, you'll also find maps and handouts for these bonus bounties if you get the Bounty Book.
COMPLETED! At $5,000, we'll add three guild pets; the traveling Tome Tortoise, the monstrous Mini Mimic, and the elusive Eldritch Eyebiter.
COMPLETED! At $6,000, we'll increase the bounties even more! We'll add six Very Rare bounties covering crafty creatures. In addition, you'll also find maps and handouts for these bonus bounties if you get the Bounty Book.
COMPLETED! At $8,000, we'll add Very Rare monster spoils, which can be found on those tougher monster bounties. Looking for that extra edge in monster hunting? Find it here.
COMPLETED! At $10,000, we'll add a new chapter to the book called "Designing Bounties," featuring a how-to on making monster hunting bounties so you can build your own. It will give you advice on how to turn a monster's stat block into a memorable adventure.
COMPLETED! At $11,000, we're going to add another chapter to the book called "Designing Guild Pets.” This expands on the framework introduced with guild pets. Similar to crafting new gear, you can use monster spoils to design wondrous new pets.
COMPLETED! At $12,000, we're going to add one last chapter to the book called "Running a Hunters Guild,” featuring tables and advice for players that want to run a hunters guild. Starting at level 10, players can draft bounties, recruit new hunters, and run the guildhall.
TRENDING
Kicktraq has Hunters Mark trending towards 228% of its goal. Lets keep it up! Be sure to share with your gaming group on Facebook, Twitter, and Reddit.
In the past few years civil engineering researchers in Texas and Sweden have been developing and modeling a whole new people transportation system, this system is based on shared autonomous vehicles (SAVs). This is a culmination of two of the strongest trends we have been witnessing this past decade: the sharing economy and autonomous vehicles (AVs). Soon we could replace 10-50% of current vehicles on the road with a roving fleet of connected SAVs. This is no longer science fiction, it could happen in the next decade. There are still engineering, regulatory and human prejudice based obstacles to overcome. Google, an AV leader, claims there will be consumer options by 2017-2018 and others predict some version of consumer AVs in the next five to fifteen years.
Most major OEMs and technology companies are ploughing billions into R&D to bring a self driving car to the market. A lot of effort is being spent on producing a working prototype, which is of course necessary, but once the human driver is removed, then someone or something will have to tell the AV where to go. Once thousands of self driving vehicles are on the road, who or what is telling them where to go becomes the most critical aspect of the entire suite of technology. When there is no human driver, and the ownership of cars is shifted from individuals to organizations (public or private) the very structure of four wheeled transportation can be made to be fantastically more efficient. This is not speculation, there is already hard evidence demonstrating the possibilities.
The research coming out of Texas in 2015, modeled a modestly sized SAV fleet (enough to provide only 1.3% of trips) operating in the downtown area of Austin, suggests that around 32,000 trips can be provided each day, with each SAV on the road replacing at least 9 conventional vehicles. This research is a proof of concept. Fagnant and Kockelman's (2014), the same academics that developed the Austin simulations, have demonstrated how a SAV fleet could deliver a 19% return on an the operator's investment, even with the highest assumed cost of building an AV. Therefore, once the requisite technology is ready the barriers to SAVs will not be economic.
Rather than twiddling our collective thumbs while we wait for functional and safe AVs, and the regulations to legally use them, there is much to do to prepare for the future. Who ever would like to own and deploy a fleet of autonomous vehicles should start modeling their potential system now. Starting with a sample of demand, based on their area, its geography, population density, market size and your overall budget. The size of the model does not matter. One could cover a small region of a city, or ambitiously try to model a system to cover an entire state's transportation needs. In that last example, a fleet of 1.6 to 2.8 million self driving taxis were modeled to serve all the transportation demand of New Jersey. This compares favourably to the current number of personal vehicles in New Jersey (7.9 million).
One only has to factor in this reduction in cars on the road to calculate the environmental benefits. These impressive numbers are largely caused by high levels of carsharing that these systems are encouraging. In fact, this is the critical component. On of the conclusions of Pierre-Jean Rigole's (2014) paper on a SAV system for Stockholm, is that “in a scenario where users are not inclined to accept any reduced level of service, i.e. ridesharing (no co-passenger) and no delay, a SAV-based personal transport system will increase road traffic and environmental impact. It is not good enough to automate our vehicles, for desirable results we must also share them.”
The good news that SAVs are consumer friendly. Average wait times for pickup are between 1.0 and 5.0 minutes, the average price for consumers was one third of an average taxi fare, just $5.64 per trip, or about $1.0 a mile. At these prices and service levels people should not mind being in shared sedans and vans that they are not in control of. A system such as this will require a powerful routing and dispatching algorithm to autonomously control the fleet and a smartphone application to connect cars to riders. SAV systems can and should be modeled now by organizations with the resources deploy large fleets, the Austin Texas simulations found fleet sizes of around 2000-2500 vehicles to be most efficient and had the highest rates of return on investment. For all unique cases these types of models must be replicated to ensure we know how many AVs to purchase, this will aid the immediate transition to an economical and environmentally sound automated transportation system. Or else the only thing AVs will become is another expensive gadget for the privileged.
Feature photo: Jurvetson – Wikipedia
Middle photo: Google 2013
Bottom photo: Eric Risberg/AP – The Guardian [/fusion_builder_column][/fusion_builder_row][/fusion_builder_container]
Boston Beer Co. cofounder and chairman Jim Koch. Mike Nudelman/Business Insider When Jim Koch left a successful career at Boston Consulting Group in 1984 to start Boston Beer Co., the idea of making an impression in a beer market dominated by domestics such as Budweiser and imports including Heineken seemed outlandish.
But with his flagship product, Samuel Adams Boston Lager, Koch has become a prominent figure in the industry, and his company produces an estimated 1% of all beer in the US.
Boston Beer Co. had a record 2014, bringing in $903 million in revenue and selling 4.1 million barrels of beer and cider in all 50 states and about 30 countries.
We spoke with Koch about his career, the evolution of the American beer industry, and how he approaches leadership and management.
This interview has been edited for clarity and length.
Business Insider: When did you know you wanted to start your own business?
Jim Koch: I never thought of myself as an entrepreneur. This was the '70s. Going to Harvard Law School or Harvard Business School was a pretty established path.
But I looked back on it, and I guess there may have been some of the born elements. When I was in high school I did some jobs like mowing lawns and paving driveways in August — something no one in southern Ohio wants to do. And when I started Sam Adams, in 1984, those experiences were very important. I was basically a beer-delivery guy coming into the back of a restaurant and getting treated like crap. It didn't bother me, though.
And a few years ago, I realized I've never been in a job where I have a boss. I've always had some mild problems with authority.
Before I started my company, I was a management consultant at Boston Consulting Group for almost seven years. I had kind of learned what I was gonna learn about business. I felt like, well, I don't want to be a management consultant for the rest of my life.
Why beer?
I grew up around beer. My dad was a brewmaster. So beer has been part of my life ever since I can remember. I had my first beer at 4.
Skye Gould/Business Insider You've said that your father thought it was a terrible idea to get into the beer industry.
Yes. Because he had been a brewmaster when the beer industry was going through this terrible consolidation. When he got into brewmaster school, in 1948, there were 1,000 breweries. When I started Sam Adams, there were maybe 40.
He didn't think I could compete with the big brewers, with the Bud, Miller, and Coors. And it took him a while to grasp what I was doing, because it was so different. And I said, look, I am not trying to compete with those guys. I am trying to make something better. Richer, more flavorful, higher quality, and I'm gonna charge twice the money. And I think I can make a little niche out of that.
I was making beer for 1% of the market.
What role do you think Sam Adams played in the growing popularity of craft beers?
I can't tell you it happened quickly. It really took 20-something years. When I started, even the term "craft beer" didn't exist. We were called micros, and it was this radical idea.
It was a long, slow process for the education of a consumer. I had been in thousands of bars, doing wait-staff education, where I'd come in with the ingredients in beer and show them the malt and the hops. I'd show them the hops extract and explain that this is the shortcut that a lot of imported beers use. These are real hops. This is malt.
Beer was sold on the advertising and the marketing of a brand, not the ingredients, brewing process, and the passion of a brewer.
Once people start drinking Sam Adams — or, now, all the craft beers out there — you can't go back.
Now that you've achieved your goal of creating a world where Americans appreciate beer, how do you deal with your place in a growing craft-beer market?
To me, this is a lot better world than when I started. Because it was lonely. And now I've got a lot of company. There's no sense trying to start a revolution if nobody wants to follow. We've always tried to be a leader, and leadership doesn't work if there are no followers.
For example, after Boston Lager, I started making seasonal beers. Nobody was doing this. And now that's kind of one of the mainstays of craft brewing. And in the early '90s, we became the first brewer to age beer in bourbon barrels.
We've had increasing competition for 25 years, with more and more people coming into craft brewing. And that just makes us better. That pushes me to continue to raise the quality level and to continue to innovate and make new beers.
Koch tasting a limited-release Utopia brew, which is barrel-aged and has four to five times the typical alcohol content of beer. Courtesy of the Boston Beer Company What are some new things you're developing?
There's a whole bunch of new beers that we're working on. We're making beer that is not carbonated, but rather nitrogenated, which completely changes the flavor profile. Beer doesn't necessarily have to be carbonated. It wasn't carbonated until 150 years ago.
We're also exploring some very traditional flavors in beer that have disappeared, like hard root beer, which was very common in the 18th century.
In 2008 you started the Brewing the American Dream program to mentor entrepreneurs and provide them with loans. What inspired it?
I've long held the belief that as a business, you need to recognize your role in the greater community and acknowledge that you need to do more than just make money for your shareholders.
And that's become trendy now, but I actually wrote an article in 1976 in the Harvard Environmental Law Review, and the theme was that data proved businesses that recognize a social mission do better financially than businesses that don't. Forty years ago, that was a pretty extreme idea, against the ideas of the popular economist Milton Friedman.
For many years, we did a lot of philanthropic things, supported charities, some of our local neighborhood organizations. There was a time in 2007 when we painted a community center in our neighborhood that needed renovation. It was one of those "feel good" things and everybody reacted positively to it, but I remember walking back to my car, thinking, "You know, I don't feel that great about what we just did."
Why's that?
What's exciting about being an entrepreneur is that you add value, hopefully in new ways. And what bothered me about that day is we probably spent $20,000 worth of management time to do $3,000 worth of mediocre painting. And that wasn't, at least to me, adding value.
So I decided to go back to the drawing board and treat our social mission with the same level of creativity and innovation that we brought to the beer business.
After a year of developing an idea, we realized we were good at growing a small business and being creative and that we can bring that to up-and-coming businesses.
I wondered, well, what would have been really useful to me when I was starting Sam Adams? What did I need that wasn't available? And the two things were access to loan money — 'cause nobody would lend me money — and second, nuts-and-bolts business advice. You know, not big, strategic philosophical stuff.
When I started Sam Adams, I had an MBA from Harvard, a law degree from Harvard, six or seven years of management consulting. But guess what? I didn't know how to make a sales call. I didn't know how to design a label. I didn't know how to do a real-estate lead or set up a payroll. I didn't know how to get publicity for my business.
So we decided that Brewing the American dream could bring that to small businesses in the industries we know: food, beverage, hospitality.
The Brewers Association defines a craft brewery as one that produces under 6 million barrels annually, has less than 25% of company ownership in the possession of a noncraft brewer, and mainly produces traditional beers (not flavored malt beverages). Skye Gould/Business Insider What's the program like?
It's free, but there's a cap on participants. We ask the entrepreneurs to come with real problems, like determining how to hire a salesperson or get their product into retailers.
And before arriving, they can sign up online for 20-minute sessions typically with six different coaches. We call it "speed coaching" because it's a bit like speed dating.
We discovered that 20 minutes of solid advice can take people from zero to 80% or 90% of where they need to be in a particular area. And that's plenty good.
We've had over 4,000 entrepreneurs go through coaching since launching in 2008.
We've also made about 400 loans through our nonprofit microlending partner, Accion, and the total loan amount has been about $4 million. The loan repayment rate is 98.1%, and the average collection period is two to three years.
We develop long-term relationships with all of the entrepreneurs we've made loans to, as well as many from the coaching sessions.
What's the most common advice you give entrepreneurs?
The most common thing I remind people of is to only pursue something you love, because a small business is going to be very demanding of your time, your energy — it just eats your life. And if you're doing something you love, then you will accept and even enjoy that. If you're just doing it to get rich, you're gonna lose heart.
I tell everyone, getting rich is life's biggest booby trap. It comes down to what would you rather be, happy or rich? I say do what's gonna make you happy.
Which books have shaped your business philosophy or worldview?
I love to read, so there's a lot. I'll give you a couple of interesting ones.
The first one is by an industrial engineer named Edward Demings. It's called "Out of the Crisis." Demings was the father of the quality-control movement. He was revered in Japan, and it led to Japanese firms making some of the highest-quality products in the world.
The book's written in a colloquial Midwest style. I learned a lot from that.
And the second is by the physicist Thomas Kuhn, "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions." He coined the term "paradigm shift."
The book helped me think about removing the blinders and not think within constraints, to be able to say, "I know this is the way the world is, but why can't it be different and better?"
Skye Gould/Business Insider What has the industry taught you?
I've always approached brewing with a sense of humility and reverence. Because it's been around for 12,000 years, and no matter what you do, you're only going to add one more brick into this wall.
So in that spirit, I learned to fail small and often. I've had innumerable failures, and I've done 'em quick and moved on.
It's beer, you know. It's not like I'm trying to come out with a new iPhone. We probably make 50 batches for every beer that the consumer sees. So in that sense, for one successful beer, we have 49 failures.
You became a billionaire in 2013. How has that affected you?
Oh, I don't care. It is what it is. It's actually sort of funny, because as the stock goes up and down, depending on the day, I might be a billionaire or I might be an ex-billionaire.
I think after the last earnings amount, it wiped out like $50 million worth of my value. You might think, "Oh, that's terrible." No, it's not! I never in my life thought I'd have that kind of money to lose. So I think it's pretty cool.
Does that success become a burden when you try to approach business as the underdog?
That kind of thing is a purely financial metric, driven by Wall Street. And I've learned to ignore all of these short-term ups and downs of stock price. Because what I care about is the health of the company long-term.
So I'm worried about, where are we in two years? In five years? How do I make this the best, strongest, healthiest company I can?
If you become driven by what Wall Street values instead of what your drinkers value, you're making a big mistake.
What does drive you?
I remember when we went public. We sold shares to the public, via coupons, on the six-packs. The investment banks hated it, but I was determined we were going to do it. We got $65 million in the mail.
We sold shares to the public, at $15 per share, and to the big investment banks and institutions, for $20 per share. I remember a fund manager berating me for that, and he says: "Wait a minute! You know, I buy lots of shares, I should be the one getting a lower price, not all these beer drinkers."
And I said, "Well, are you a beer drinker?" And he said, "No, I drink wine." I said: "Well, that's my point. I don't need you. I need all those beer drinkers. So they're getting the lower price, not you."
Donate
Washington and Ankara are going to set up two new military bases in northern Syria.
The US and Turkey are going to set up new military bases in Aleppo and Hasaka provinces in northern Syria, the al-Hadath newspaper and the ARA news agency reported.
According to the al-Hadath newspaper, the Democratic Union Party (PYD) is going to withdraw its forces from its military base in Tal Bidar, located to the north of Hasaka city, in order to allow the US-led coalition establish a new military base there. Reportedly, the new base will be used for receiving and sending land and air cargos with arms.
At the same time, the ARA news agency reported that Turkey also plans to build a new military base in Kaljabrin village, located in northern Aleppo, where the Turkish side has been sending a lot of military hardware from Tal al-Hmar and al-Rai regions, located near the Syrian-Turkish border. Reportedly, Turkey is currently deploying its forces in various parts of Kaljabrin, as well as is building defense barriers, including trenches and barbed wire, there.
In November 2016, it was reported that the US-led coalition intensified its efforts to build a new military base on the Abdul Aziz mount in western Hasaka, which was under control of the Kurdish-led PYD, allied to Washington in northern Syria.
As the Sham Time newspaper reported at that time, Kurdish fighters and US soldiers cut hundreds of trees in Maqloujeh village, located near the Abdul Aziz mount, 30 kilometers to the west of Hasaka, in order to build a landing platform for helicopters of the US-led coalition. After this, the US side started to equip the base.
“A group of US soldiers went to the village on military vehicles every day. But they started to equip the base under the tight security measures of the Kurdish forces in Maqloujeh in recent days. The US forces have separated the base from the village by trenches and soil walls. They have tuned the base and its surrounding areas up to the Sakriyeh ancient citadel into a military zone,” the newspaper quoted its unnamed sources in November of the last year.
In August 2016, the Fars news agency reported, citing unnamed Kurdish sources, that the US deployed tens of its marines in the village of Mabrouka, located in the western part of Hasaka province in northeastern Syria, under the pretext of demining of Ra's al-Ain city, which was fully controlled by the Kurdish forces. As the sources reported, the US-led coalition set up its military base in one of the buildings of the Syrian power department in Mabrouka, named Housh al-Kahroba.
Donate
Step up your home cooking game by learning about eight of the most reliable places to buy whole, dried, ground, and blended spices in Los Angeles, listed in alphabetical order instead of order of preference.
Updated March 1, 2018: Penzeys (Santa Monica now Torrance), Spice Station (Closed), Van Dorn Gourmets (Closed)
Buna Ethiopian Restaurant & Market (Little Ethiopia)
Eyob Tadesse, who hails from the small Ethiopian city of Dessie, has run Buna Ethiopian Market since early 2011. He's best known for Ethiopian comfort food, including Little Ethiopia's most impressive fish. Up front, you'll also find shelves of spices, grains and other imports. Buna is one of the only places in L.A. to find Ethiopian spices like berbere and mitmita. You'll also find lentils, split peas, and injera, since spices need vessels.
Dragunara Spice Bazaar (Mid-City)
Michael Khemlani debuted the Dragunara Spice Bazaar stall at The Original Farmers Market on November 11, 2011. A medical condition first forced him to consider seasoning beyond salt and sugar. That said, Dragunara does sell a variety of salts, including Himalayan salt and “bonfire-smoked” sea salt. He even features certified organic spices in blends like the Biryani Blend of cumin, peas, lentils, fried onions, nuts, and turmeric, a trending superfood.
Herbs of Mexico (East LA)
Herbs of Mexico is an East LA institution for “quality herbal products” that dates to 1961. The name is specific, but the owners source 450 bulk herbs from around the world, not just Mexico. The company has a sizable online presence for herbs like Irish moss, Jericho powder, and licorice sticks. You can find a second storefront in Huntington Park.
According to Food Network‘s description of licorice, “This feathery-leaved plant grows wild throughout southern and parts of central Europe. It's favored for the extract taken from its root and has long been used to flavor confections and medicine.”
India Spices & Groceries (Mid-City)
Indian spices get the spotlight at India Spices & Groceries in Mid-City. This bare bones store with fluorescent lighting and white shelves features vegetables, grains, legumes, and plenty of boxed items. Look down to find low-slung bags of spices like paprika, cardamom, clove, and cinnamon.
Penzeys (Torrance)
Penzeys is a Wisconsin based spice company that has an L.A. outpost near Torrance's Village Del Amo Shopping Center. Spices include whole Turkey bay leaves, Mexican oregano, and Albanian juniper berries. One benefit to shopping at Penzeys is that they suggest culinary applications for many spices. They've also been known to get awfully specific. For example, they created “venison sausage seasoning.”
New High Ginseng Herbs & Tea Company (Chinatown)
High might be in the name, but this is no dispensary. Jars of Japanese garlic, dried scallops and sea cucumbers give way to a wall of drawers, each with the name written in Chinese. Of course the store's namesake root appears on the green sign, but the supplies run far deeper.
According to AllRecipes, “Korean Ginseng is normally double-boiled with chicken meat as a soup, unlike the American Ginseng, which is usually sliced & soaked in hot water to make a tea.”
Quang An Duong Chinese Herb Store (Rosemead)
The shelves of this shop look like a library's card catalog, with each drawer designated for a different spice, each designed to cure a different ailment or provide a boost. The labels are in Chinese, but ask the counterperson, who's kind of like a pharmacist. Bonus: Quang An Duong also makes fresh squeezed sugar cane juice, a sweet rarity in L.A.
Valeria's (Downtown)
This staple vendor has been going strong at Grand Central Market for approximately 15 years thanks to a variety of spices, chiles, and beans. Some of the more popular spices on Valeria's shelves include cinnamon, bay leaves, oregano, and thyme. They also sell house moles.
NIGERIAN atheist, Leo Igwe – a regular contributor to the Freethinker – was attacked this week by a mob of Christians at a conference he staged to discuss Child Rights and Witchcraft.
According to this report, Igwe had his glasses smashed and his bag, phone and camera stolen by the mob, numbering between 150 and 200, who were alternately singing and aggressively disrupting the conference in Calabar. After an hour and a half, the police turned up and dispersed the mob. One person was arrested.
The conference was a peaceful meeting for people to openly debate what could be done to prevent the abuse of child rights linked to the belief in witchcraft. This attack by Helen Ukpabio's supporters once again highlights the depravity of this so-called â€˜woman of God;. Such false prophets should be immediately arrested and prosecuted under the child rights act.
Leo had recently returned to Nigeria from London where he attended a British Humanist Association day conference and other international humanist events held at Conway Hall over the space of a week, including the world's first international conference on “Untouchability”, where he was invited to speak on the problem of caste discrimination in Nigeria. Whilst in London he also spoke to the BBC on the problems faced in Nigeria due to religious superstition.Helen Ukpabio and her church, the Liberty Foundation Gospel Ministries, have run a campaign of terror against children and those committed to fighting for their rights, of which Friday's raid was only the latest development.The conference had been organised by the Nigerian Humanist Movement and the UK charity Stepping Stones Nigeria in response to the widespread abandonment, torture and killing of children in Akwa Ibom and Cross River State due to the belief in child “witches”.As the conference began at around 10.30am, the religious protesters dressed in orange raided the venue and began protesting loudly.Speaking after the event Leo said:The issue of child witchcraft has attracted a great deal of media attention since the broadcast of the documentary, Saving Africa's Witch Children. The documentary, which won the prestigious BAFTA and Amnesty Film awards highlights the role that Helen Ukpabio has played in spreading the belief in child “witches” in South-Eastern Nigeria. Teachings offered by Ukpabio in her book, Unveiling the Mysteries of Witchcraft, includes:
Josh Kutchinsky, a Trustee of the British Humanist Association, said:
Leo is a dear friend. He is knowledgeable, wise and courageous. I know that he is outraged by the damage done by superstition and irrational religiosity to the potential for development in Nigeria. One of his principal methods he uses to combat these problems is to write well-crafted and cogent articles. These have been published in national media and have gained considerable attention. His other methods are to organise conferences and to visit others in support of them as individuals or their organisations. He is working with Amnesty International and Stepping Stones Nigera. He is the IHEU representative in West Africa and a representative on the African Commission on Human and People's Rights.
He added:
His intervention in individual cases of injustice, no doubt involve some personal risk. He and his fellow Nigerian Humanists have been awarded the Rainbow Humanist Award by Nordic Rainbow Humanists for their risky public support of LGBT rights in Nigeria.
Speaking from Stepping Stones Nigeria's office in UK, the charity's Programme Director, Gary Foxcroft, said:
Note: I'm going to leave this as a sticky “top post” for a day or so. new stories appear below.
Nigel Calder asks us to republish this post for maximum exposure. He writes:
Today the Royal Astronomical Society in London publishes (online) Henrik Svensmark's latest paper entitled “Evidence of nearby supernovae affecting life on Earth”. After years of effort Svensmark shows how the variable frequency of stellar explosions not far from our planet has ruled over the changing fortunes of living things throughout the past half billion years. Appearing in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, it's a giant of a paper, with 22 figures, 30 equations and about 15,000 words. See the RAS press release at http://www.ras.org.uk/news-and-press/219-news-2012/2117-did-exploding-stars-help-life-on-earth-to-thrive
By taking me back to when I reported the victory of the pioneers of plate tectonics in their battle against the most eminent geophysicists of the day, it makes me feel 40 years younger. Shredding the textbooks, Tuzo Wilson, Dan McKenzie and Jason Morgan merrily explained earthquakes, volcanoes, mountain-building, and even the varying depth of the ocean, simply by the drift of fragments of the lithosphere in various directions around the globe.
In Svensmark's new paper an equally concise theory, that cosmic rays from exploded stars cool the world by increasing the cloud cover, leads to amazing explanations, not least for why evolution sometimes was rampant and sometimes faltered. In both senses of the word, this is a stellar revision of the story of life.
Here are the main results:
The long-term diversity of life in the sea depends on the sea-level set by plate tectonics and the local supernova rate set by the astrophysics, and on virtually nothing else.
The long-term primary productivity of life in the sea – the net growth of photosynthetic microbes – depends on the supernova rate, and on virtually nothing else.
Exceptionally close supernovae account for short-lived falls in sea-level during the past 500 million years, long-known to geophysicists but never convincingly explained..
As the geological and astronomical records converge, the match between climate and supernova rates gets better and better, with high rates bringing icy times.
Presented with due caution as well as with consideration for the feelings of experts in several fields of research, a story unfolds in which everything meshes like well-made clockwork. Anyone who wishes to pooh-pooh any piece of it by saying “correlation is not necessarily causality” should offer some other mega-theory that says why several mutually supportive coincidences arise between events in our galactic neighbourhood and living conditions on the Earth.
An amusing point is that Svensmark stands the currently popular carbon dioxide story on its head. Some geoscientists want to blame the drastic alternations of hot and icy conditions during the past 500 million years on increases and decreases in carbon dioxide, which they explain in intricate ways. For Svensmark, the changes driven by the stars govern the amount of carbon dioxide in the air. Climate and life control CO2, not the other way around.
By implication, supernovae also determine the amount of oxygen available for animals like you and me to breathe. So the inherently simple cosmic-ray/cloud hypothesis now has far-reaching consequences, which I've tried to sum up in this diagram.
By way of explanation
The text of “Evidence of nearby supernovae affecting life on Earth” is available via ftp://ftp2.space.dtu.dk/pub/Svensmark/MNRAS_Svensmark2012.pdf The paper is highly technical, as befits a professional journal, so to non-expert eyes even the illustrations may be a little puzzling. So I've enlisted the aid of Liz Calder to explain the way one of the most striking graphs, Svensmark's Figure 20, was put together. That graph shows how, over the past 440 million years, the changing rates of supernova explosions relatively close to the Earth have strongly influenced the biodiversity of marine invertebrate animals, from trilobites of ancient times to lobsters of today. Svensmark's published caption ends: “Evidently marine biodiversity is largely explained by a combination of sea-level and astrophysical activity.” To follow his argument you need to see how Figure 20 draws on information in Figure 19. That tells of the total diversity of the sea creatures in the fossil record, fluctuating between times of rapid evolution and times of recession.
The count is by genera, which are groups of similar animals. Here it's shown freehand by Liz in Sketch A. Sketch B is from another part of Figure 19, telling how the long-term global sea-level changed during the same period. The broad correspondence isn't surprising because a high sea-level floods continental margins and gives the marine invertebrates more extensive and varied habitats. But it obviously isn't the whole story. For a start, there's a conspicuous spike in diversity about 270 million years ago that contradicts the declining sea-level. Svensmark knew that there was a strong peak in the supernova rate around that time. So he looked to see what would happen to the wiggles over the whole 440 million years if he “normalized” the biodiversity to remove the influence of sea-level. That simple operation is shown in Sketch C, where the 270-million-year spike becomes broader and taller. Sketch D shows Svensmark's reckoning of the changing rates of nearby supernovae during the same period. Let me stress that these are all freehand sketches to explain the operations, not to convey the data. In the published paper, the graphs as in C and D are drawn precisely and superimposed for comparison.
There are many fascinating particulars that I might use to illustrate the significance of Svensmark's findings. To choose the Gorgon's story that follows is not entirely arbitrary, because this brings in another of those top results, about supernovae and bio-productivity.
The great dying at the end of the Permian
Out of breath, poor gorgon? Gasping for some supernovae? Named after scary creatures of Greek myth, the Gorgonopsia of the Late Permian Period included this fossil species Sauroctonus progressus, 3 metres long. Like many of its therapsid cousins, near relatives of our own ancestors, it died out during the Permo-Triassic Event. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gorgonopsia
Luckiest among our ancestors was a mammal-like reptile, or therapsid, that scraped through the Permo-Triassic Event, the worst catastrophe in the history of animal life. The climax was 251 million years ago at the end of the Permian Period. Nearly all animal species in the sea went extinct, along with most on land. The event ended the era of “old life”, the Palaeozoic, and ushered in the Mesozoic Era, when our ancestors would become small mammals trying to keep clear of the dinosaurs. So what put to death our previously flourishing Gorgon-faced cousins of the Late Permian? According to Henrik Svensmark, the Galaxy let the reptiles down.
Forget old suggestions (by myself included) that the impact of a comet or asteroid was to blame, like the one that did for the dinosaurs at the end of the Mesozoic. The greatest dying was less sudden than that. Similarly the impressive evidence for an eruption 250 million years ago – a flood basalt event that smothered Siberia with noxious volcanic rocks covering an area half the size of Australia – tells of only a belated regional coup de grâce. It's more to the point that oxygen was in short supply – geologists speak of a “superanoxic ocean”. And there was far more carbon dioxide in the air than there is now.
“Well there you go,” some people will say. “We told you CO2 is bad for you.” That, of course, overlooks the fact that the notorious gas keeps us alive. The recenty increased CO2 shares with the plant breeders the credit for feeding the growing human population. Plants and photosynthetic microbes covet CO2 to grow. So in the late Permian its high concentration was a symptom of a big shortfall in life's productivity, due to few supernovae, ice-free conditions, and a lack of weather to circulate the nutrients. And as photosynthesis is also badly needed to turn H2O into O2, the doomed animals were left gasping for oxygen, with little more than half of what we're lucky to breathe today.
When Svensmark comments briefly on the Permo-Triassic Event in his new paper, “Evidence of nearby supernovae affecting life on Earth,” he does so in the context of the finding that high rates of nearby supernovae promote life's productivity by chilling the planet, and so improving the circulation of nutrients needed by the photosynthetic organisms.
Here's a sketch (above) from Figure 22 in the paper, simplified to make it easier to read. Heavy carbon, 13C, is an indicator of how much photosynthesis was going on. Plumb in the middle is a downward pointing green dagger that marks the Permo-Triassic Event. And in the local supernova rate (black curve) Svensmark notes that the Late Permian saw the largest fall in the local supernova rate seen in the past 500 million years. This was when the Solar System had left the hyperactive Norma Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy behind it and entered the quiet space beyond. “Fatal consequences would ensue for marine life,” Svensmark writes, “if a rapid warming led to nutrient exhaustion … occurring too quickly for species to adapt.”
One size doesn't fit all, and a fuller story of Late Permian biodiversity becomes subtler and even more persuasive. About 6 million years before the culminating mass extinction of 251 million years ago, a lesser one occurred at the end of the Guadalupian stage. This earlier extinction was linked with a brief resurgence in the supernova rate and a global cooling that interrupted the mid-Permian warming. In contrast with the end of the Permian, bio-productivity was high. The chief victims of this die-off were warm-water creatures including gigantic bivalves and rugose corals.
Why it's tagged as “astrobiology”
So what, you may wonder, is the most life-enhancing supernova rate? Without wanting to sound like Voltaire's Dr Pangloss, it's probably not very far from the average rate for the past few hundred million years, nor very different from what we have now. Biodiversity and bio-productivity are both generous at present.
Svensmark has commented (not in the paper itself) on a closely related question – where's the best place to live in the Galaxy?
“Too many supernovae can threaten life with extinction. Although they came before the time range of the present paper, very severe episodes called Snowball Earth have been blamed on bursts of rapid star formation. I've tagged the paper as ‘Astrobiology' because we may be very lucky in our location in the Galaxy. Other regions may be inhospitable for advanced forms of life because of too many supernovae or too few.”
Astronomers searching for life elsewhere speak of a Goldilocks Zone in planetary systems. A planet fit for life should be neither too near to nor too far from the parent star. We're there in the Solar System, sure enough. We may also be in a similar Goldilocks Zone of the Milky Way, and other galaxies with too many or too few supernovae may be unfit for life. Add to that the huge planetary collision that created the Earth's disproportionately large Moon and provided the orbital stability and active geology on which life relies, and you may suspect that, astronomically at least, Dr Pangloss was right — “Everything is for the best in the best of all possible worlds.”
Don't fret about the diehards
If this blog has sometimes seemed too cocky about the Svensmark hypothesis, it's because I've known what was in the pipeline, from theories, observations and experiments, long before publication. Since 1996 the hypothesis has brought new successes year by year and has resisted umpteen attempts to falsify it.
New additions at the level of microphysics include a previously unknown reaction of sulphuric acid, as in a recent preprint. On a vastly different scale, Svensmark's present supernova paper gives us better knowledge of the shape of the Milky Way Galaxy.
A mark of a good hypothesis is that it looks better and better as time passes. With the triumph of plate tectonics, diehard opponents were left redfaced and blustering. In 1960 you'd not get a job in an American geology department if you believed in continental drift, but by 1970 you'd not get the job if you didn't. That's what a paradigm shift means in practice and it will happen sometime soon with cosmic rays in climate physics.
Plate tectonics was never much of a political issue, except in the Communist bloc. There, the immobility of continents was doctrinally imposed by the Soviet Academy of Sciences. An analagous diehard doctrine in climate physics went global two decades ago, when the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was conceived to insist that natural causes of climate change are minor compared with human impacts.
Don't fret about the diehards. The glory of empirical science is this: no matter how many years, decades, or sometimes centuries it may take, in the end the story will come out right.
===============================================================
For those who would doubt our cosmic connections, Svenmark's work and Calder's article reminds me to remind you of this well known quote:
The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff. – Carl Sagan
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Welcome back to Trivia Tidbits. For those of you out of the loop, this is a little compilation of 10 movie related facts that I always find interesting. So without further ado, this week's are…
1: Leonardo DiCaprio has stated that the characters of Drexl Spivey (Gary Oldman) from “True Romance” and Doc Holiday (Val Kilmer) from “Tombstone” were the main influences on his performance as Calvin Candie in Quentin Tarantino's “Django Unchained“.
2: Early in his acting career, Al Pacino considered changing his name to “Sonny Scott” to avoid being typecast by his Italian name. “Sonny” was his childhood nickname.
3: The “You think I'm funny?” scene in “Goodfellas” was based on a story that Joe Pesci acted out for Martin Scorsese. While working in a restaurant as a young man, Pesci once told a mobster that he was funny and the mobster became very angry. Scorsese allowed Pesci and Ray Liotta to improvise the scene. He did not tell the other actors in the scene what would happen because he wanted their genuine surprised reactions.
4: When it was initially released in the summer of 1975, over 67 million Americans went to see “Jaws“, making it the first ever summer “blockbuster”.
5: Film an TV star (better known for “Frasier“) Kelsey Grammer has had some serious personal bad luck. His father was murdered in the Virgin Islands. His sister was murdered while finishing a shift working at a Red Lobster in Colorado Springs and his two stepbrothers (from his father's second marriage) were killed in a shark/scuba accident.
6: Like most films, James Cameron's “Aliens” wasn't shot in sequence. For added realism, Cameron filmed the scene where we first meet the Colonial Marines (one of the earliest scenes) last. This was so that the camaraderie of the Marines was realistic because the actors had spent months filming together.
7: Actress Zooey Deschanel suffers from an allergy to gluten, dairy, and eggs but also suffers from ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder).
8: Mick Jagger supposedly tried out for the role of Dr. Frank N' Furter in “The Rocky Horror Picture Show” before Tim Curry was cast.
9: All the actors playing vampires in “Interview With The Vampire” were required to hang upside down for up to thirty minutes at a time during the make-up application. This would force all the blood in their bodies to rush to their heads, causing the blood vessels in their faces to bulge out. The makeup artists would then trace over the swollen veins creating the eerie translucent-skinned vampire look. Unfortunately for the actors, they would have to repeat the process several times over, as the blood would quickly drain from their heads. This, in part, accounts for the lengthy make-up process.
10: Most of the solo shots of Rod Steiger during the famous taxicab scene in “On the Waterfront” were done after Marlon Brando had left for the day. Brando had it in his contract that he could finish shooting before the normal quitting time so that he could make his daily session with his psychiatrist. Steiger was deeply hurt and annoyed at Brando's rudeness and lack of courtesy to a fellow actor, as it was customary, in a two-shot, for an actor in close-up to be fed his lines by the other actor or for the other actor to just be there so the first actor would have him or her to play to. Steiger used his negative emotions to enhance his performance, and though he paid tribute to Brando as a great actor, he personally loathed him thereafter. Director Elia Kazan stood in for Brando in the back of the cab so Steiger would have someone to emote to.
So there you have it. 10 esoteric Tidbits to masticate on. Some you may know. Some you may not. If you have any thoughts, stick your donations in the comment box…
(For earlier editions of Trivia Tidbits click here.)
Advertisements
A study by the Journal of the American Medical Association has confirmed what a whistle blowing nurse has long been saying : routine hospital vaccine damage is happening to infants.
Michelle Rowton of Nurses Against Mandatory Vaccines (NAMV) gave a live interview last month with David Knight of infowars.com.
The nurse turned whistleblower spoke about the callous, daily operating procedure that she witnessed in the hospital where she she worked.
She revealed that it was well known among medical professionals that vaccinating preemies and low birth weight infants “on schedule” would immediately result in adverse effects post-immunization.
A month later, on June 1, 2015, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) published a study that verified not only the risks of adverse events to low birth weight infants, but also confirmed the callous attitude of the medical community to the harm their rigid vaccine schedule inflicted.
Jeffrey Jaxen Reports:
It appears the dominos are continuing to fall in favor of common sense, informed consent and medical ethics. New research from the JAMA Pediatrics journal titled Adverse Events After Routine Immunization of Extremely Low-Birth-Weight Infants now confirms essential 100 percent of Rowton's whistleblowing statements which, just a month ago, seemed almost surreal. Drug companies, politicians and a misguided medical community are now faced with the uncomfortable position of withdrawing their PR campaigns and daily operating procedures in favor of hard data and daily evidence. Humanity has reached the point where denying reality in the face of such evidence borders on insanity and high ignorance. It appears to be clear that when a medical community, its regulations and the health of a people are driven by profits, what is revealed equates to nothing more than a slippery slope towards systemic damage and destruction.
When highly profitable agendas are in play, listening to public demand typically isn't the strong suit of politicians. As people take back their medical freedom in state houses across the United States, an integrity-strained governmental body is testing the extreme realms of political misrepresentation. It makes no difference now if the original roots attempting to remove medical freedom and choice were laid by ignorance, corruption, financial reward or a combination of all three. Authors of forced vaccination bills and doctors quoting outdated information are laughably seen for what they are. The only control left for them are social media censorship and paid astroturfing firms. Opposition is now trying desperately to keep up with the daily mass awakening towards free medical and health choice in opposition to pharmaceutical influenced control. Senate and Congress members are now being made personally liable for their bills and votes after being served the Official Complaint of Research Fraud papers/report prepared by Dr. Andrew Wakefield, Dr. Brian Hooker Ph. D. and James Moody. Lawsuits are lined up ready to commence at the first sign of vaccine-induced damage from their bills. Doctors and nurses are also still on the chopping block as their perceived insulation and useful ignorance is being removed by whistleblowers admissions and mounting scientific evidence. The Nuremberg codes wait patiently to be weirded once again on a medical community that has strayed from their ideals, code of ethics and common sense.
Reference:
New JAMA Pediatrics Study
Launching Query Boot Camp
One of the number-one frustrations we hear from writers is that their query letters go unanswered or elicit only form rejections. For authors determined to land an agent, this can feel especially disheartening--but Reedsy wants to help.
We're launching a new initiative here on the blog: Query Boot Camp. Every month, two brave authors (who shall remain anonymous), will volunteer their unsuccessful query letters and opening pages for review by Reedsy advisor and editor Rebecca Heyman.
Rebecca's clients have landed partnerships at D4EO Literary Agency, New Leaf Literary & Media, the Jennifer Lyons Agency, Miller & Browne, Donadio & Olson, Literary Arts Representatives and more, and now Reedsy is bringing you the tips and wisdom that helped them succeed...for free.
Why Query Boot Camp?
First, if you're an author who has queried unsuccessfully, we want you to have an opportunity to get fresh eyes on your agency submission. But more importantly, we believe that authors can learn a lot from each other. Every manuscript and letter is unique, but certain practical guidelines can help you avoid the pitfalls that lead to unanswered queries.
Query Boot Camp is a community learning initiative. We're here to help you shine brighter and get better results. We ask that comments be kept positive and that you help us foster a feeling of support for the authors awesome enough to let Rebecca evaluate their query materials. With that, and with special thanks to our first submitters, let's get started!
Author 1: Contemporary YA
Author 1 is one of the rarest creatures in the writing wild: The pages are among the strongest I've seen, but the letter is a downright disaster. Let me elaborate on the good news first. Chapter 1 opens on our MC reluctantly dragged into the spotlight when his brother has a seizure in the middle of the school cafeteria. As he's helping manage the situation, Cute New Girl arrives. The author beautifully articulates the emotional and physical complexity of the scene, and the writing oozes authenticity, voice, and movement.
Now, to the query.
The first sentence of a query letter is called the “hook”, and should do just that: hook an agent's interest. But the first sentence in Author 1's letter talks about the agent's web site guidelines instead of serving the story. The remainder of the paragraph elaborates on awards the author has received for this work's first chapter; that information belongs in the bio paragraph. The synopsis contains several typos, and leads with a troubling statistic about word count (the book is too short). The bio rightly focuses on the author's publication credits, but feels self-congratulatory. Finally, there is no need to include your photograph in your signature.
How could we fix Author 1's letter to ensure an agent will read on far enough to peruse the fantastic opening pages? Start with the hook. Ask a dynamic question (e.g., “What happens when...?”) or set up the agent's expectations by using a thoughtful comp. A comp (“comparable title”) is a book, movie or TV show that shares a similarity with your book. Stylistically, Author 1 should feel comfortable comp-ing YA stalwart Jandy Nelson (yes, the pages are that good); it would also be useful to find a comp about a sibling pair where one sibling suffers from an illness or disorder.
But even if Author 1's query opened with a strong hook and a couple great comps, we would still hit a road block at word count. Clocking in under 40,000 words, this book is simply too short. I'd recommend soliciting critical feedback to determine where and how to expand this beautifully written novella into a more industry standard-length manuscript.
Author 2: Adult Speculative Fiction (SciFi)
Like Author 1, Author 2 misses a huge opportunity by opening the letter with a “Hello, my name is...” introduction instead of a hook. While we get a good comp title, DIVERGENT, the author misspells Veronica Roth's last name. The rest of the first paragraph is devoted to Author 2's (not good) marketing plan.
The next paragraph is the synopsis, but it's set off with an unnecessary header. While reading, I was instantly struck by similarities to THE ADJUSTMENT BUREAU—a comp title that says more about this plot than the entire first paragraph of the query. Author 2 should definitely consider reframing the first paragraph around a hook like “THE ADJUSTMENT BUREAU meets DIVERGENT in [TITLE OF WORK], which follows [MC name] as he joins the ranks of a clandestine organization whose divine influence is secretly being harnessed for sinister ends.” Already, that single sentence tells me I'll be following the MC through some kind of interesting initiation process, and of course the movie reference gives me a strong through-line of suspense and action.
There's no bio paragraph here, probably because this is Author 2's first book. But don't let that prevent you from including some key information about yourself. You don't have to pretend to have publishing credits, and you don't have to feel bad if you don't. Keep it short and sweet, and you'll be fine. Finally, while thanking an agent for her time is always wise, do not ask for referrals or favors of any kind in case of a “pass”. An agent doesn't make money reading through the slush, and doesn't owe you anything—especially more time.
Author 2's opening pages reveal that the book actually starts in the wrong place. The best opening for this novel is actually in the middle of page 5, when one of our characters forgets to go to work—and goes a little crazy. The writing here is well-paced and compelling, and draws us easily into a world that feels familiar, but slightly eerie and strange. Since I have questions about the structure of the book this early, and because the manuscript is a little on the long side for a debut, I would recommend soliciting editorial feedback for structure, continuity, pacing and other story elements.
Boot Camp Recap
A query letter is a business document. It starts with a hook, details the facts about your manuscript (title, genre, word count), then elaborates on the plot as succinctly and specifically as possible. It demonstrates your working knowledge of both your book's genre/comps and the agent's specific tastes. The query is courteous, humble, useful, confident and essential.
Knowing when you're ready to query and writing a great letter can be difficult. At Reedsy, we have some of the industry's best editors just waiting to help you polish your manuscript and query letter; in fact, “query letter review” is now a searchable service on our marketplace. You can also submit your query and first 10 pages to querybootcamp@reedsy.com if you'd like to be considered for a future installment of Query Boot Camp.
Remember, the #1 way to secure agency representation is to write a great book!
Follow Reedsy and Rebecca on Twitter: @ReedsyHQ and @RFaithEditorial
Want to learn more about Query Letters and how to apply to Reedsy's Query Bootcamp? Click here!
Query Boot Camp Vol. 2, focused on Thrillers, is out! Have a read here.
A Sunni tribal leader and at least seven other people were killed in Baghdad in an attack that could further inflame sectarian tension in Iraq, officials said Saturday.
Unidentified gunmen attacked a two-car convoy carrying Sheikh Qassem Sweidan al-Janabi and his nephew, lawmaker Zeid al-Janabi, late Friday, officials and security sources said.
Janabi was later released but the tribal leader as well as his son and at least six other people, mostly bodyguards, were killed.
"Gunmen manning a fake checkpoint stopped the convoy carrying MP Janabi and kidnapped all who were on board," a senior member of the lawmaker's staff said.
"They moved them to Sadr City, where they released the MP, then took the others and killed them. Their bodies were found next to Al-Nida'a mosque in northern Baghdad," he told AFP.
Sadr City is a vast Shiite neighbourhood in the north of the capital from which Iraq's powerful Shiite militias draw many of their recruits.
Adnan al-Janabi, another MP from the same tribe, said the assassinated tribal leader was a key player in efforts to combat sectarianism.
He said Sheikh Janabi, who was a particularly prominent figure in the religiously mixed areas south of Baghdad, had "a known history of confronting terrorism, sectarianism, and supporting national reconciliation."
He also said his only son, Mohamed, who was killed in the attack, had just returned after completing a PhD in law at the University of Glasgow.
Parliament Speaker Selim al-Juburi, also a Sunni, condemned the assassination and urged a full investigation in the circumstances of the attack.
He said the interior and defence ministers were summoned to parliament on Monday to provide explanations.
"Parliament will not remain silent in the face of acts that might undermine the authority of the state," said Janabi, at the start of a televised parliament session.
He said the assassination was evidence that some people in Iraq were "working to sabotage the achievements of the state".
The top UN envoy in Iraq, Nickolay Mladenov, also called for the killers to be brought to justice.
Most Sunni MPs have reportedly boycotted Saturday's parliamentary session after the killing of Janabi.
Iran's Revolutionary guards commander Mohammad Ali Jafari speaks during a conference to mark the martyrs of terrorism in Tehran September 6, 2011. REUTERS/Morteza Nikoubazl
DUBAI (Reuters) - The head of Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard said on Saturday Saudi Arabia lacked the courage to go through with a plan to send ground troops to Syria, and warned they would be wiped out if they went in.
Mohammad Ali Jafari's blunt words on the Fars news agency were Iran's first official reaction to a statement from its regional rival Saudi Arabia this week that it was ready to join ground operations in Syria if a U.S.-led military alliance decided to start them.
“(The Saudis) have made such a claim but I don't think they are brave enough to do so ... Even if they send troops, they would be definitely defeated ... it would be suicide,” Jafari was quoted as saying.
Iran has already sent forces to Syria to back its ally President Bashar al-Assad in his country's five-year-old civil war. Washington and its allies have backed rebels fighting Assad and say he must eventually step down.
Michael Bloomberg, Founder of Bloomberg LP and Bloomberg Philanthropies, said: “As steward of this ancient site and artefacts, Bloomberg has embraced the City of London's rich heritage. And as a company that is centered on communications – of data, information, news, and analysis – we are thrilled that Bloomberg has been at the core of a project that has provided so much new information about London's first half-century.”
Made of wood, recesses in the rectangular tablets were originally filled with blackened beeswax, with text inscribed into the wax with styluses. Although the wax hasn't survived, the writing occasionally went through the wax to mark the wood. As tablets were reused, in some cases several layers of text built up on the tablets, making them particularly challenging to decode.
Classicist and cursive Latin expert, Dr Roger Tomlin, deciphered and interpreted the tablets. Alongside photography with raking light and microscopic analysis, Roger used his encyclopaedic knowledge of Roman Britain and extensive experience of reading and reconstructing Roman incised texts from their fragmentary remains.
The preservation of the tablets is in itself remarkable, as wood rarely survives when buried in the ground. The wet mud of the Walbrook, a river that dominated the area in the Roman period but is now buried, stopped oxygen from decaying the wooden tablets, preserving them in excellent condition.
Once excavated, the fragile tablets were kept in water before MOLA conservators carefully cleaned them and, using a waxy substance, PEG, which replaced some of the water content, treated them before they were freeze-dried.
Over 700 artefacts from the Bloomberg excavation will be displayed in a public exhibition space that will sit within the new Bloomberg building, including the earliest-dated writing tablet from Britain. The London Mithraeum exhibition opens in autumn 2017.
The full research is published in, Roman London's first voices: writing tablets from the Bloomberg excavations, 2010–14, available at mola.org.uk/publications priced £32.
For media enquires about the Bloomberg writing tablets please contact media@mola.org.uk.
Eyes on the Street: New Painted Curb Extension Across from L.A. City Hall
Walkability improvements in the downtown Los Angeles civic center make a lot of sense. Downtown is among the county's most walked and walkable areas; it is also the most transit-friendly area and among the most bikeable areas, too. Walk facilities downtown provide high-profile examples that are seen and used by elected officials and governmental staff. The area already has leading pedestrian interval head-start signals, parklets, two protected bike lanes, painted curb extensions, and more. This week downtown got a new treatment designed to make walking safer by calming left-turning drivers.
Two days ago, the city Department of Transportation (LADOT) added pedestrian improvements located at the intersection of First Street and Main Street, right next to LAPD headquarters, City Hall, and Caltrans District 7 headquarters, which include LADOT offices. LADOT spokesperson Russell Hassan stated that the treatment, adapted from an NYCDOT left turn traffic-calming pilot, is an effort to providing a more right angle turn to slow down left-turning drivers going from northbound Main to westbound First.
The treatment includes two features:
a painted curb extension – with bollards and pavement markings – on the left side of Main.
mid-street rubber curb and knock-down bollards – on First.
Readers, what do you think of the safety improvements? Where are other places you would like to see this treatment implemented? It appears to be most applicable to left turns made from one-way streets, though it may have similar applications elsewhere.
One of the big things I noticed that was different from the version I watch on Blu-ray at home is that the movie didn't end with Huey Lewis' "Back in Time" and the "To Be Continued" tag. (Some of you may know that the film wasn't originally intended to be given a sequel, so that tag was added for the home video release.) The music that played over the film's closing credits last night were some of Silvestri's new compositions. When the orchestra came back from the intermission, they also played a small segment of the western theme from Back to the Future Part III, so that was an unexpected surprise and very cool to hear.
Since 2015 is a big year in Back to the Future lore, it's going to be a big year for events and performances of the film itself. The show is going to be touring around the country, and I'd highly suggest checking it out if it's coming to a city near you. But I know there are other big things planned for the movie in October, around the anniversary of the date Marty McFly travels to the future, including a Secret Cinema event here in Los Angeles that I'm hoping to attend. So stay tuned for more awesome Back to the Future-related stuff in the coming months.
Dear Rush, Your mission is simple: Restore the Republican Party to its former greatness. A letter to Rush Limbaugh
Dear Rush,
Congratulations! You have been selected by the Obama administration, the mainstream media and 20 million of your most passionate followers to be the new head of the Republican Party.
Story Continued Below
As such, you are given all the rights and responsibilities that come with being a true political leader.
Your mission is simple: Restore the Republican Party to its former greatness by single-handedly helping Republicans to regain control of Congress and to offer a reasonable and viable alternative to President Barack Obama.
You should be honored that the Obama administration has selected you, El Rushbo, to lead the Republicans in such a quest. Obviously, they find you to be a formidable foe — politically adept and a proven vote-getter.
Since we are a party of metrics and accountability, we would like to see your plans to make Republicans more competitive. While your supporters are passionate and energized, we would like to see how you are going to expand your base of support. While 20 million listeners is an impressive number, Obama had nearly 70 million voters. Fifty million is a pretty big gap to make up, but we are certain that, with your effervescent personality, you will be able to close that in no time.
We would also like to see your plan to help Republicans compete in the Northeast, the Upper Midwest, the West Coast and Florida, in the big cities and in the suburbs. Republicans have been pretty much wiped out in all of those areas in the past two elections.
We would like to see your plan to attract more women's votes. While we always get creamed by single women in elections, even married women turned against us this time. Not sure if calling female leaders “feminazis” really works in this atmosphere, but we are willing to hear you out on that. We got killed by America's fastest-growing voting population, Hispanics, in the last election. What is your plan to attract these voters? I know that you despise any kind of nuanced position on immigration reform, but we would love to see any of your ideas for getting some of these voters in the next election.
We got completely demolished by the African-American vote in the last election. No surprise there, given the top of the ticket. But we are wondering how referencing our president's race in any way, shape or form is productive or relevant to the current discussion. Please let us know.
Another problem area is independent voters, who went with Obama big time in the last election. Not sure why. Maybe they liked his saying he would govern from the center. Now, we all know that was just rhetoric, but will we really attract independent voters if we decide to move further to the right? Just asking.
There are plenty of ways to point out deficiencies in the opposition's plans. And believe us, we know there are many dumb ideas that are coming from the other side. But our research shows that the American people actually want help with certain things (the failing education system, the high cost of health care, the sagging economy, etc.). Do you have any good ideas that you can share with us — ideas that will be seen as reasonable by the American people — that can serve as a viable alternative? Or is it your plan to simply oppose every idea that comes from the Obama administration?
Anyway, congratulations on this big promotion. We are proud of you, and, of course, we are all “ditto-heads.” Please get us your plans as soon as possible, because we have a lot of work to do.
Sincerely,
The Republican Party
John Feehery worked for the House Republican leadership from 1989 to 2005. He is the founder of The Feehery Group, a strategic advocacy firm. He blogs at www.thefeeherytheory.com.
Mexico City, Mexico (CNN) -- An 80-year-old Roman Catholic priest was found stabbed to death in his church in the city of Oaxaca, in southern Mexico, CNNMexico.com reported Thursday, citing state police.
The Rev. Carlos Salvador Wotto was found in the church office Wednesday night with several stab wounds and bound hands and feet, CNNMexico reported.
Wotto had been the parish priest at Nuestra Senora de las Nieves (Our Lady of the Snow) for eight years.
State and local authorities were investigating and no motive was immediately given.
Jose Guadalupe Barragan, a spokesman for the Archdiocese of Antequera, said church officials would wait for the investigation to end before commenting.
Barragan said there is a shortage of priests in Oaxaca. The national norm is one priest for every 5,000 parishioners, he said, while there are only 140 priests for Oaxaca's 3 million inhabitants. That amounts to one priest for about every 21,400 residents.
Wednesday's homicide was the second recent incident in the state of Oaxaca involving a priest. The Rev. Martin Octavio Garcia Ortiz from the town of San Jose del Progreso was abducted June 19 in a dispute over a local mine. State police rescued Garcia and then arrested him on charges that he was responsible for the deaths of two officials who were shot after an anti-mine rally. Garcia, who said he was tortured by his pro-mining abductors, was hospitalized with head and body injuries.
The FBI arrested a Brooklyn man on Monday who had allegedly traveled to Turkey and Yemen last year to join ISIS in hopes of planning a Nice-style attack in Times Square, authorities said.
Mohamed Rafik Naji, 37, revealed his support of the terrorist organization on his Facebook page, including a photo of an ISIS flag, videos of jihadists engaged in fighting, and a YouTube link of an ISIS spokesman exhorting attacks on Western targets, according to court papers.
Last summer, Naji allegedly expressed support to an informant for carrying out a deadly attack in Times Square with a garbage truck crushing pedestrian just like the ISIS truck attack in Nice, France in July.
"They (ISIS) want an operation in Times Square," Naji told the informant on July 19.
"They want an operation in Times Square, reconnaissance groups already put out a scene, the Islamic State already put up scenes of Times Square ... I said that was an indication for whoever is smart to know."
Previously, Naji apparently made it to the ISIS battlefield in his Yemeni homeland.
He allegedly emailed a friend from Yemen in March 2015 that "it's very hard to get in I'm on my 5 (sic) try ... keep trying if not m have to go from somewhere else."
Naji sent the friend another email from Yemen on April 21, 2015 with the subject line, “First day on the job," and a video attached in which gunfire could be heard, according to the complaint unsealed in Brooklyn Federal Court.
The unidentified friend was also wiring thousands of dollars to Naji to support his adventure.
 French police forces and forensic officers stand next to a truck that ran into a crowd on July 15, 2016. (ERIC GAILLARD/REUTERS)
He is charged with attempting to provide material support to a terrorist organization.
The feds made the arrest three days before Thanksgiving as the NYPD remains on high alert for an ISIS inspired attack in the holiday parade.
The Thanksgiving Parade is not mentioned in Naji's complaint, but the court papers note that "jihadist propaganda has long counseled followers to commit acts of violence like the one describe by Naji.”

Some of you exclusively use their Google Voice (GV) numbers, some have differentiated between friends and colleagues by giving their regular number and GV number separately to each set of contacts, and some might use the GV number occasionally for a few contacts only. Regardless of your case, sending texts from that GV number has been pretty hit-and-miss when it comes to Android Auto, Android Wear, and Assistant. But that should be fixed soon.
As explained by several complaining users in this support thread, if you have a Google Voice number and you set it as the default SMS number in Hangouts then set Hangouts as your default SMS app, when you're using Android Auto and you say, "OK Google, send a text," the command will forego your defaults and just issue a regular SMS text through your carrier number. (Some also report that the text doesn't even show in Hangouts, but in the phone's pre-installed SMS app.) That can get quite problematic if the recipient doesn't have your carrier number and wonders whoare texting them.
Several other users chimed in saying it also happens with Wear and regular 'ol Google Search and Assistant, and even verified that it only happens with new texts whereas replies are sent correctly from their GV number. However, one user went the extra mile and pinged Jan Jedrzejowicz, the product manager for Google Phone and Google Voice. In reply, Jan said that, "OK Google, send a Google Voice message," will be coming soon to Google Voice.
'OK Google, send a Google Voice message' coming soon to GV, this will help — Jan Jedrzejowicz (@JanJedrzejowicz) September 5, 2017
While this may not be a complete solution to the Google Voice number vs carrier number dilemma on Android (the GV voicemail for example isn't recognized by Auto when you ask for your voicemail), it does at least provide a way to issue new texts using your GV number without having to dig out your phone and type them manually. It should also technically work on Wear and Assistant as well. You'll have to remember to specify "a Google Voice message" instead of "a message" each time, but it's what I do daily when I send WhatsApp messages. The same is true of Telegram, Viber, WeChat, and a few other messaging platforms. You get used to it.
It's a bit sad that Google can't find a way to let you completely set your Google Voice number as default for everything, but well, integration of its different products hasn't always been the company's strong suit.
Modern game worlds are built to be attractive, and usually succeed. When it comes to peeling back their facades though, it's depressing how often beauty turns out to be skin deep, with world after world existing to be admired rather than actually explored. Sets full of props rather than items, characters taking no interest in their surroundings - what should be immersive all too often feels hollow, no matter how realistic they appear.
Why? Because eyes only let you see so much. For scenes where they see enough, great, terrific. Continue! Not everything needs more depth. Increasingly though, I miss having the power to Look At things instead of merely looking at them - to scratch through the shiny surface, and start giving environments the interaction density they deserve.
"Look At" was primarily a creation of adventure games, starting in text adventures where typing that was the only way to find out where you were, and then evolving into a way of telling whether that blob of pixels was a matchbook or a falcon called Aloysius.
As those graphics inevitably became more recognisable, the number of hotspots became largely a matter of designer taste, still designed to tell you what things were, but also clarify, and in many cases, to tell jokes. Some, like Callahan's Crosstime Saloon, aimed to stuff something fun into every last pixel. Others, like Simon the Sorcerer 2, opted to simplify things by only including relevant bits of the screen. These days, comedies typically offer more, for the gag potential, while serious games are more likely to keep it focused.
A personal favourite of mine - Callahan's Crosstime Saloon is the king of bad puns, and the most hilariously over-written adventure ever.
Embracing Look At doesn't mean slavishly following adventure mechanics though, and doing so would usually be a bad idea. Certainly, no shooter would be improved by the ability to switch to a mouse cursor to click on a lightswitch and be told "It's a lightswitch." Nor does anyone want an exciting action sequence interrupted by the sidekick casually commenting on an ugly vase in the corner - unless it takes a bullet.
During quieter moments though, a "Look At" mechanic is worth implementing - certainly when you consider how many games limit interaction to throwing stuff at NPCs heads, or rely on techniques like books and audio logs that stop exploration dead in its tracks. The games that have tried doing this stand as proof that it can work. Mass Effect 2 and 3 for instance primarily take place in streamlined, low interaction density environments. Both the Kasumi and Leviathan DLC packs include dedicated adventure spaces though, and they're done very effectively despite being reliant on clunky RPG control systems.
Such moments are depressingly rare though. In most games, environmental design is king, with the current trend being to convey story through world design and stick as close to the rule of "Show, Don't Tell" as everyone's tendency to leave their bloody diaries lying all over the place will reasonably allow. To be fair, that's a good general direction to head - infodumps are the enemy of drama, and this approach has allowed for some great set-pieces. Corpses frozen mid-poker game during Fallout: New Vegas. Eleanor's height chart in Bioshock 2. As a visual medium, games absolutely need to keep working on this.
Telling has its place too though, and shouldn't be overlooked. Our characters and sidekicks, for instance, will usually have more history and understanding of the world than we do, and the kind that you can't simply get from glancing at an item in a case. Coupled with the fact that a game's pacing can be far more fluid than any other narrative medium, and the benefits should come obvious. A Look At mechanic, implemented properly, is the chance to smell the roses without necessarily mandating it, and without doing anything as awkward as having to read an in-game book or switch to a lore database.
Any modern 3D game for instance could be rigged to detect you looking at something and triggering a response - ideally, something a little more interesting than the sexy sidekick complaining about you staring at her ass, as in Sin Episodes. A portrait on a wall can be used as a vector for a quick snippet about the owner of the lord you're off to kill. A quick line about a sword in a display case can quickly add historical context a diary would struggle to make interesting. A player who cares can drink it all in, then rush to TV Tropes. One who doesn't can simply steal the sword and go kill Lord Portrait, as instructed. The power of Look At as a mechanic is that getting this detail is your choice, not something the game forces onto you because the designer demands you get it.
Bioshock was a deliberately solitary experience. Bioshock Infinite provides a partner to bounce the detailed environments off.
Many games have dipped into this, though typically only in their early stages - in highly scripted intros to set up the fan the s**t is going to be thrown into, and then just the occasional showroom type area after that. The DuClare mansion in the original Deus Ex for instance, or the opening of Alan Wake; the abandoned Arthurian museum in Tomb Raider: Legend, and the Hound Pits in Dishonored. It's a chance for humour in the darkness, for plot at the player's discretion, and in many cases, to explain things more realistically than constantly stumbling into prepared tableaux that don't so much beg the question "What happened?" as "Why does nobody ever tidy up round here?"
Of course, there are limits. The hagfish diet of Dishonored's impoverished populace is quite disgusting enough in concept without Corvo clarifying "Yuck", just as its guard conversations often push things without having to include stuff like "You! Over there by the 14th century table the Lord Protector imported in a moment of pride but then scratched because he forgot to use a coaster! Stop or I'll shoot!" As with all narrative techniques, Look At interactions are only worth it when properly layered and integrated, not forced in with a crowbar just for the sake of having them.
Done right though, they add so much - to the environments, to the characters commenting on them, to the world they play a part of. "Show, don't tell" be damned. Games should show and tell. Looking At the world may see primitive next to other techniques in the modern design toolbox, but nothing beats it for adding context, and letting us dig a little deeper into the worlds we love. What better compliment can you pay a designer than wanting to do that? Hopefully, more and more of them will give us the chance.
During testimony on March 9 before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Attorney General Loretta Lynch — responding to a question from Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) — said that the matter of whether to refer a civil case against the fossil-fuel industry for denying that carbon emissions cause climate change to the FBI “has been discussed.”
Lynch's statement came during the committee's hearing, “Oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice.”
During the course of the hearing, Whitehouse, whose liberal record is apparent from his paltry 30-percent score on The New American's latest Freedom Index, compared the fossil-fuel industry to the tobacco industry and asked Lynch whether her department would pursue the same course of action against energy companies that the Clinton administration took against tobacco companies. The exchange went as follows:
Whitehouse: Madame attorney general, the similarities between the mischief of the tobacco industry pretending that the science of tobacco's dangers was unsettled and the fossil fuel industry pretending that the science of carbon emissions dangers is unsettled has been remarked on widely, particularly by those who study the climate denial apparatus that the fossil fuel industry has erected.
Under President Clinton the Department of Justice brought and won a civil RICO action against the tobacco industry for its fraud. Under President Obama the Department of Justice has done nothing so far about the climate denial scheme.
A request for action by the Department of Justice has been referred by you to the FBI. My question to you is, other than civil forfeitures and matters attendant to a criminal case, are there other circumstances in which a civil matter under the authority of the Department of Justice has been referred to the FBI?
Lynch: Senator, thank you for raising that issue and thank you for your work in this area. I know your commitment is deep. This matter has been discussed. We have received information about it and have referred it to the FBI to consider whether or not it meets the criteria for what we could take action on. I'm not aware of a civil referral at this time. I will look into that and get back to you. But I'm not aware of a civil referral outside of the one that you just raised.
Whitehouse: Are there any civil cases with the United States as plaintiff, within DOJ's civil division in which the FBI is preparing a case for the civil division?
Lynch: Regarding climate change issues?
Whitehouse: Regarding any matter.
Lynch: I couldn't give you that information right now.
Whitehouse: I will take that as a question for the record.
There are several disturbing elements found in the exchange between Whitehouse and Lynch, most notably the fact the Lynch admitted that the possibility of the DOJ referring a civil case against the fossil fuel industry to the FBI, simply for denying that carbon emissions cause climate change “has been discussed.”
Contrary to Whitehouse's assertion that the fossil fuel industry is “pretending” that the science of carbon emissions dangers is unsettled — that is exactly the case.
Whitehouse went so far as to claim that the fossil fuel industry has “erected” a “climate denial apparatus,” but offered no evidence that this was the case. Furthermore, it would have been unnecessary for suppliers of fossil fuels such as coal and oil to waste their resources establishing any such “apparatus,” because there is a wealth of credible data collected by independent scientists with no connection to the energy industry indicating that climate change, if it exists at all, indicates that global temperatures have cooled in recent years. And even during previous years, when average global temperatures rose, there is nothing to indicate that these rises were caused by human activity (i.e, were anthropogenic), but that they were much more likely to have resulted from naturally occurring cycles. As was noted in “Is Climate Change Cyclical? NASA Study Suggests Yes,” an article for AmericaSpace by science writer Jason Rhian, “Climate change appears to be a naturally recurring process and one that is cyclical in nature.”
The opinion quoted above was far from unique; moreover, but is supported by statements made by a large number of respected scientists who dispute that “global warming” or climate change is caused by human activity. A number of such scientists gathered in Paris last December to take part in a conference hosted by the Heartland Institute, the Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow (CFACT), and the Competitive Enterprise Institute, which was designed to counter much of the propaganda being disseminated at a nearby United Nations “climate” summit. As The New American reported about the alternative conference, dubbed “Day of Examining the Data,” the conference featured numerous presentations, each one debunking multiple elements of the increasingly discredited anthropogenic (man-made) global-warming theory (AGW).”
Among the scientists speaking at the realist conference, noted the TNA article, were Dr. Robert Carter, former chief of the School of Earth Sciences at James Cook University. “Global warming is not happening,” Carter explained at the Paris conference.
During his presentation, Carter disputed the claim that CO2, which is exhaled by humans and critical to life, especially plant life, is “carbon pollution” that must be regulated. Quite the contrary, he said, noting that even at current atmospheric concentrations, the Earth and the plants it supports are “starving” for more CO2. He explained that during the past, CO2 concentrations in the Earth's atmosphere were 10 to 15 times higher than today.
“Attempting to stop climate change is an exercise in utter futility,” Carter added, noting in an interview with The New American that nobody would seriously consider trying to “stop” other naturally occurring climatic events such as earthquakes or volcanic eruptions.
Another respected scientist at the conference was University of Virginia Professor Emeritus Dr. Fred Singer, founder of the Science and Environmental Policy Project (SEPP) and the Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change.
“There has been no statistically significant warming in 18 years,” Singer told the summit, using a slide comparing observed temperatures with the various false predictions made by “climate models” relied upon by the UN. These UN models all predicted warming as CO2 increased.
“The models don't work. We should not use them to make policy,” Singer added.
Another article in The New American in January, “Meet the Climate Realists,” profiled several other scientists who dispute that carbon emission released by humans results in global warming. These scientists have suffered personal attacks and threats to their careers as a result of championing true science in the face of the global-warming “apparatus” — to borrow a term from Senator Whitehouse. Among the climate realists are:
Judith Curry, Ph.D., professor and former chair of the School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
E. Calvin Beisner, Ph.D., founder of the Cornwall Alliance for the Stewardship of Creation, a volunteer network of scholars focused on applying biblical principles to economics, government, and environmental policy.
Anthony Watts, who hosts the popular climate blog Watts Up With That? (WUWT), admitted by friend and foe alike to be one of the world's most influential online global-warming resources. Watts also launched the renowned Surface Stations Project, which effected an overhaul of the way the U.S. government tracks surface temperatures.
Richard S. Lindzen, Ph.D., emeritus professor of meteorology at MIT, and a leading expert on climate dynamics and global heat transport.
Patrick Moore, Ph.D., who co-founded Greenpeace in 1971 and served 15 years as a director of Greenpeace International, earning a worldwide reputation as an environmental leader. Moore departed from Greenpeace after the “chlorine scandal,” in which the radicalized organization tried to ban chlorine, which is essential for water purification.
And Art Robinson, Ph.D., recipient of the Voice of Reason Award at the Heartland Institute's 2014 International Conference on Climate Change, which granted it to him for his Global Warming Petition Project. More than 31,000 U.S. scientists have signed the document he authored.
The complete stories written about each of these scientists provide an illustrative example of how those who contradict the global warming cartel incur the wrath of the political establishment. As Rebecca Terrell, the writer of this article, noted: “Though climate alarmists never tire of demonizing greenhouse gases and ‘fossil' fuels, hell has no fury equal to the venom they reserve for those maligned as ‘climate deniers.' ”
The article noted that NASA's James Hansen testified before a congressional committee in 2008 that “CEO's of fossil energy companies … should be tried for high crimes against humanity and nature.”
Hansen's legacy lives on in Senator Whitehouse, who wants to know (with eager anticipation, apparently) if there are circumstances in which a civil case against the fossil fuel industry has been referred by the DOJ to the FBI.
Whitehouse was probably delighted to learn that “this matter has been discussed.”
Related articles:
Global Warming Satellite Data Gets Suspicious Makeover
DiCaprio's Oscar Speech: All About Climate Change
Supreme Court Stays EPA's Enforcement of the Obama “Clean Power Plan”
Climate Costs Estimated at More Than $12 Trillion for U.S. Taxpayers
Asian Freeze Adds to Doubt on Reality of Global Warming
Massive Winter Storm Blows Cold Air on Alleged Global Warming
Hotter and Hotter? NASA and NOAA Claim The Hottest Year Despite Evidence
Greenpeace Co-Founder: Climate Alarmists Would Kill Civilization
2015: The Climate Record that Wasn't
Shedding Light on the Global Green Agenda
Meet the Climate Realists
Disarming the Alarmists: Climate-change Myth Takes Three More Hits
Climate Alarmists Have Been Wrong About Virtually Everything
Charles-Hippolyte Labussière entered into the Committee of Public Safety's Prisoners Bureau as a copy clerk three and a half months before 9 Thermidor. This Prisoners Bureau provided information concerning prisoners throughout the Republic and served as a depository for documents delivered to the Popular Commission, by order of the Committee of Public Safety, so that they could be handed over to the Revolutionary Tribunal. Labussière was the clerk to whom the documents came last, to be numbered and registered. Every day, at two in the afternoon, he would give them to a member of the Popular Commission, who was instructed to take them from his hands without giving him a receipt. Forty-eight hours later the detainees were judged, which is to say, sent to the scaffold.
Labussière, from the very first moment of his entry into the Prisoners Bureau, had already conceived of his project to use his position in favor of as many victims as he could save. Every day he had twenty to twenty-five documents to give to the commission. He began first by removing the Sénéchal family, Madame Leprestre de Château-Giron and her two daughters. During the first six days he was content to hide the documents. However, since the volume began to grow too large, and since he could neither take them out during the day, nor keep them hidden, he imagined a way to make them disappear during the night. He would thus return to the Committee of Public Safety at one o'clock in the morning, while the members of the committee were deliberating. He would climb up to his office, go to his hiding-place, take the documents, soak them in a bucket of water, and make six or seven balls out of the paste, which he would put in his pockets. Towards six o'clock in the morning he would go to the baths, where he would soak these same balls of paper some more, since they had already hardened because of the extreme heat (it was the early days of Messidor). He would subdivide them into smaller balls which he would then toss into the Seine through the window of his bath.
Marcus Huffman, the 39-year-old Providence cop accused of raping a lesbian woman in a police station bathroom, was convicted of first-degree sexual assault. He faces a possible life sentence, though his attorney says he plans to appeal.
The woman testified that Huffman raped her in the bathroom of a police substation in March 2007 after picking her up outside a Providence nightclub where she was turned away for being too drunk. She said she could not remember what happened inside the bathroom, but that she woke up later with her pants undone and her undergarments removed. She then walked to her aunt's house and was taken to a hospital, where she says Huffman showed up to take her report.
Prosecutor Maureen Keough accused Huffman of taking advantage of an intoxicated and physically helpless woman. But lawyer Robert Caron attacked the woman's credibility, suggesting she had a consensual sexual encounter with Huffman and then lied about being raped because she didn't want to tell her girlfriend the truth. The woman identified herself at trial as a lesbian and said she hadn't had consensual sex with a man since early in high school.
SEOUL, South Korea — North Korea on Thursday rejected South Korea's proposal to hold Red Cross talks to discuss arranging more family reunions families separated by the Korean War to meet long-lost relatives members for the first time in six decades.
Late last month, the two Koreas held such reunions for the first time in three years, raising hopes for improved ties on the divided Korean Peninsula. But the North has raised tensions again by testing several short-range ballistic missiles and rockets since last Thursday.
In the latest test, North Korea launched four projectiles from its newly developed multiple-rocket launcher on Tuesday, with one flying in the area of a passenger plane at roughly the same time.
The plane, a China Southern Airlines jet with 220 passengers on board, was flying from Tokyo to the Chinese city of Shenyang when it passed through the same sky off the east coast of North Korea that the rockets traveled, military officials here said. The plane flew at an altitude of 33,000 feet when it crossed the trajectory of one of the rockets that had flown by several minutes earlier,
Could you ever imagine yourself living on a warm tropical island?
I can.
Wait, let me think about it for a minute.
Twist my rubber arm
Thinking….Thinking….comptemplating for one more moment
YES YES !!!
Crazy part about Bali, with all its surf and sand….
I NEVER SEE THAT SURF AND SAND.
I am too busy {happily} working.
I am a buyer of Balinese goods AND I LOVE ~LOVE ~LOVE IT.
This week, the container load of YUMMINESS arrived and is officially stored in my barn.
Even my barn is smiling.
Barns are waaaaay too pretty for hay.
It is in its glory right now.
This is not the first time my barn has seen Bali.
For years now, I have been traveling to Bali to buy furniture, household goods, lighting, and paintings……and an endless list of many other gorgeous pieces of deliciousness.
Buying in Bali
is a way of giving back to a community of good-hearted artistic people.
It is about making a difference.
I make a difference to them, by impacting their families and income with my purchases.
They make a difference to me and my design style on so many levels.
It gives me a new perspective, new eyes on design, a new world of design that I can share with others.
Bali is a place to see and experience a different culture.
From a design perspective, it is simple, organic, and warm….coupled with complete and utter uniqueness.
A magical world.
~ A Breathaking World ~
with its
Vibrant Colours
&
Craftsmanship
One of a kind
Copious talent at every turn
~ Unique artistry ~
From this …..
To this…..
This island is not a place of mass production or factories.
It is an island of old-fashioned, traditional artistry.
They have maintained the art of hand creating
&
hand carving for centuries.
These family skills have been passed down from generation to generation.
Every piece is exceptionally different.
Unique
One of a kind.
The Balinese have mastered the method of craftsmanship.
These letters and wall art were all created from reclaimed recycled oil drums.
Creative, non?!
This kind of knowledge of a trade is a rare trait.
I personally like to celebrate,
admire, and appreciate it all.
Which is exactly what I did this week
~ WHEN A CONTAINER LOAD OF BALINESE GOODS ARRIVED IN MY BARN ~
I was delirious with excitement.
Santa came early.
I unwrapped for hours & hours and rolled around in cardboard boxes in utter bliss.
I sat there staring.
It was Balinese heaven.
All the angels arrived and they were beautiful.
Never mind that the angels were fibreglass with mosaic glass glued on them.
~ My Bali Bliss ~
I sat and stared at the beautiful workmanship.
This kind of attention to detail is unrivalled.
I swear it.
As an interior designer, these Balinese goods have greatly affected the look and feel of my work.
It is organic, real, and it is full of warmth.
To me, that is what a truly well designed, comfortable home is all about.
You walk through that door, and you feel at home in the space.
Pleasing to the eye, and pleasing to the heart.
Gorgeous patterns.
Hand carved, hand painted.
As I uncover myself from all the cardboard and wrapping….
And come up for a breath of air
I will post more for all to see
of
this
~ BALI BLISS ~
Related articles
An Alberta politician who has made a career out of championing taxpayers says he made mistakes when he wrongly billed the government for meals over a period of years, and also blames some of the problem on administrative errors.
"I take full responsibility for everything that happens in my office," embattled United Conservative Party member Derek Fildebrandt said in a statement Monday night.
"There were some administrative errors in processing meal receipts for staff, constituent and stakeholder meetings, with a potential total of up to $192.60 over a period of two and half years."
Fildebrandt also said he is "thankful" the issue was brought to his attention.
"I should have been more careful in reviewing them before signing off. I will fully reimburse any discrepancy and take immediate action to ensure that errors like this do not happen again," said the former Alberta director of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation who was first elected to the Legislative Assembly in May 2015.
Fildebrandt's statement came hours after Alberta Party Leader Greg Clark released records that he said show the MLA for Strathmore-Brooks claimed food expenses and also the per diem for the same meal nine times.
Alberta MLAs are permitted to claim meal expenses at per diem rates when they travel 60 kilometres or more from their permanent residences. But they can't also claim the same meals under other expense provisions.
The expenses originally flagged by a Reddit user and picked up by Clark are from May, June and October 2015; February, August, and November 2016; and January, February and April 2017. All expense claims and receipts are posted on the Legislative Assembly website.
Clark said there needs to be an audit of all MLA expenses to ensure other politicians aren't contravening the rules.
"I have concerns that there may be other situations where MLAs have claimed multiple reimbursements or double-dipped, either intentionally or unintentionally," Clark said in a statement Monday.
"An audit is needed to ensure that all members are using taxpayer dollars wisely, and are not improperly financially benefiting from their role representing the people of Alberta.
"If they are, there needs to be a penalty applied to send a message that this kind of behaviour is not acceptable."
Interim UCP Leader Nathan Cooper also weighed in, saying in a statement late Monday: "These expense claims are concerning and appear to be part of a larger pattern of behaviour that is unacceptable for a member of the United Conservative Party caucus.
"We will be working with the Legislative Assembly Office and the Members' Services Committee to ensure these expense claims are rectified."
Latest trouble to plague the MLA
Last week, Fildebrandt apologized for subletting his Edmonton apartment on accommodation rentals website Airbnb while claiming a housing allowance. He said he paid back the $2,555 he earned from the sublets.
The documents flagged by the Alberta Party include forms used by MLAs to list their travel expenses and meal allowances, in addition to copies of receipts from restaurants.
In one case, there were three meals on a receipt for the Brooks Hotel on May 20, 2015. A handwritten note on the debit receipt indicated the meals were for "lunch with Terry [last name illegible] and Heather Pigott."
However, this is the only claim that listed the MLA's dining partner.
In the other cases, it isn't clear whether Fildebrandt's meals were included on the submitted receipt or if they were all for stakeholders or constituents.
Fildebrandt is on vacation out of province.
Clark repeated his call from last week for the legislature to review all expenses claimed by MLAs.
He also wants members found breaking the rules to face a fine.
"The only penalty seems to be having to pay back the money, and that doesn't feel right," Clark said.
A Wisconsin atheist group called the Freedom from Religion Foundation has sued the government to have a World War II memorial affectionately known as “Big Mountain Jesus” removed from a Montana ski slope, insisting that the monument signifies an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the Forest Service.
The six-foot-tall statue was erected in 1954 by the Knights of Columbus, who worked with veterans from the Army's Tenth Mountain Division to commemorate their comrades who died fighting for the freedom, especially honoring those Americans who lost their lives fighting in the Italian Alps.
The statue's fate now hangs in the balance, as the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals will determine whether the popular memorial can remain in its place on top of a Montana ski slope where it has stood without controversy for more than 60 years.
The Knights of Columbus, a Catholic fraternal organization, is being represented by the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, a non-profit, public-interest law firm dedicated to protecting the free expression of all religious traditions.
In 2013 the Knights won the case in the trial court, but Freedom from Religion appealed the ruling.
At that time, U.S. District Judge Dana Christensen ruled the Flathead National Forest could re-issue a 10-year permit for the statue.
Christensen declared that a reasonable, informed observer would not construe that the government, rather than a private party, endorses Christianity over any other faith or no faith.
On Tuesday, Rich Bolton, attorney for Freedom from Religion, repeated to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel his assertion that the statue violates the constitutional prohibition on Congress making any law regarding an establishment of religion.
In his response, U.S. Justice Department attorney Joan Pepin said that the statue has local historical significance, and the U.S. Forest Service wasn't establishing a religion in granting a permit. Local support for the monument has been overwhelming.
“The statue is an important, cherished part of local history at Big Mountain,” said Eric Baxter, Senior Counsel of the Becket Fund. “Intentionally modeled after the statues soldiers encountered in the Alps during World War II, the monument honors those who lost their lives far from home. You can't censor history just because it includes religious meaning to some.”
The Becket Fund is arguing that the Forest Service allows many instances of private expression on the land it oversees, without anyone considering this a government endorsement of the content of that speech.
“The statue stands in the middle of the ski resort and is just one of many examples of private speech permitted by the Forest Service on public land. The Forest Service is no more endorsing religion than it is endorsing the speech by the ski resort on the same public land,” said Baxter.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter @tdwilliamsrome
Around the world, cities are shaped not only by their streets and front-facing architecture, but also by the paths and alleys that wind their way back between blocks and behind the scenes.
London has its mews, lined with rows of homes evolved from stables and carriage houses originally built to serve the street-facing rich. Paris boasts beautiful historic arcades, covered and cozy shopping corridors. Melbourne features bustling laneways filled with street art, small shops and niche eateries. Beijing is threaded with winding hutongs, organically branching passageways winding inside urban mega-blocks.
Chicago, meanwhile, has nearly 2,000 miles of alleys running through it, which is impressive for a city with just over 4,000 miles of road (for comparison: Los Angeles has 6,500 miles of road and only 800 miles of alleys). The Chicagoland area is notable, however, not only for its expansive network of alleys, but also for an opposite phenomenon: on its periphery sits what is arguably America's first planned suburb, an alley-free experiment that would go on to reshape the country.
In Shadow City, an illuminating episode of WBEZ Chicago's series Curious City, producer Steven Jackson explores the history and planning that shaped the streetscapes of this city and its suburb.
Alleys date back to Roman times, but in the United States, they became increasingly popular as development pushed west. Grids were laid down to make it easy to sell rectilinear parcels to would-be pioneers.
“The federal government's National Land Ordinance of 1785 imposed a massive grid over everything west of the Ohio River, dividing uncharted territory into square townships, each 36 square miles in size. Those townships were then sliced into progressively smaller sections, all the way down to the city block.”
At a time without indoor plumbing or garbage trucks, alleys made it easier to accept and store deliveries of hay and coal as well as manure and garbage for pickup and disposal. Naturally, they developed a reputation as repugnant places: utilitarian at best, disgusting at worst. While useful, alleys started to be seen by some as an unfortunate symbol of crowded life in the big, dirty city.
Then, in the late 1860s, Frederick Law Olmsted, famous designer of New York City's Central Park, came long and unveiled a completely different design approach for a new town. To be built on what was then the edge of Chicago, Olmsted's new Riverside development was as much a work of landscape design as urban planning.
Riverside was as curvy as the city next door was straight, and as devoid of alleys as Chicago was defined by them. Indeed, per the plan above, the most prominent straight line in Riverside was the railroad cutting through the curvilinear new community (while in the adjacent city of straight lines, even The Loop downtown, which sounds curvy, is essentially rectangular). Full of winding streets and expansive lawns, but without an alley in sight, Riverside sought to offer the luxury of city living with the peace, quiet and beauty of a rural countryside.
This would, as it turned out, not be a one-off approach by a solitary landscape architect, but the beginning of a trend that would continue and evolve for generations to come. In 1916, during a suburban design competition, renowned regional architect Frank Lloyd Wright even called for the abolition of alleys in present and future block designs.
Newly-expanding suburbs seemed to have little need for alleys, thanks in part thanks innovations in underground sewage systems. Trash pickup could be done curbside and front-facing garages grew in popularity. As more people pursued the car-driven American dream, winding suburban street designs proliferated around the country.
Meanwhile, in the Windy City, where 90% of residential blocks still have alleys, some of their uses have stayed the same over time (at least in principle) while others have changed. Trash bins and various means of transportation are still often kept out back, but newer electrical and communications infrastructure shares alley space as well.
Aside from their purely functional potential, some cities are experimenting with adapting old alleys to new purposes, turning them into shared social and event spaces. In a dense city like Chicago, where tightly-packed homes often lack side and front space, it only makes sense to revisit these alternative zones and see what they have to offer.
Issue #8 “Intensive Care”
Writer: Jamie Delano
Art: John Ridgeway
Inks: Alfredo Alcala
Colors: Lovern Kindzierski
Letters: John Costanza
Cover: Dave McKean
Although the series is still very early on, the characterization of Constantine has become defined to the point in which the reader can assign him to playing the role of a puppeteer. John manipulates others making them perform and dance as he manipulates the strings with a sly remark and a never ending supply of Silk Cut cigarettes. It is a role Constantine knows he plays well, and one he thoroughly enjoys. Whenever Constantine finds himself on the end of someone else's string, dancing to someone else's tune, as “Intensive Care” plainly shows, is when he actually starts to fear and act out of desperation. Just as this issue deals with Constantine becoming someone else's pawn, the issue also shows Zed's transformation from the strong independent vibrant woman from the previous issues to a subdued shell of a woman in the clutches of the Resurrection Crusaders. Gone is her Bride of Frankensteinesque hair and defiant confidant pose, replaced with close cropped hair and a posture indicating submission. The only constant between Zed and “Mary” is her face, and while lacking Zed's heavy eyeshadow and red lips, John Ridgeway's pencils help convey that this is the same character that we have read about over previous issues. Were it not for this and Jamie Delano's narration, it would be easy to mistake the two as different characters.
Experiencing a series of flashbacks about his time under electroshock therapy as a result of Newcastle, Constantine awakens to find himself with two broken legs, a broken arm and a fractured skull, the results of him jumping from a moving train. Constantine is confronted by the demon Nergal, explaining that Heaven is seeking to tip the metaphysical balance in it's favor because of events from Alan Moore's Swamp Thing run. Nergal demands aid from Constantine to stop Zed/Mary from giving birth to the next iteration of God born of man. Given that the child would be raised by radical hate-driven fundamentalists, Constantine reluctantly agrees, demanding time to “take care of business” and to be healed by the demon. Making a literal “deal with the devil,” the infusion of Nergal's blood would have long lasting ramifications on Constantine's life throughout the run of Hellblazer, and is directly responsible for some of Constantine's supernatural abilities. Immediately following the transfusion we see Constantine leaping from a third story window, covered in shadows. The panel is not unlike something you would see in the pages of a gritty late ‘80s revisionist superhero title, but here it seems out of place other than to show the immediate effects of Nergal's blood. Throughout the series Nergal is revealed to have been an influence on Constantine's life since childhood, but here serves mainly to provide exposition and to progress the narrative of the opening story arc.
The demon blood infusion, alongside the events of Newcastle, both of which directly involve Nergal, are two defining events of John Constantine's life, and from which many future storylines would build off either directly or indirectly. They are his origin events, his Crime Alley and his radioactive spider bite, every comic character has something like them, and to an extant most fictional characters have some sort of event driving them on some sort of quest, Captain Ahab lost his leg hunting Moby Dick, King Arthur is given Excalibur by the Lady of the Lake and so forth. Although these events are far from the first of Constantine's magical career, and are not the forefront of all of Constantine's future adventures, from a narrative standpoint this is what the reader learns about Constantine early on and therefore would be acknowledged by future writers when working with the character. Hellblazer would build and build over its 300 issues, filling in portions of Constantine's past while progressing his story in the present while maintaining his character over the 25 year run. Constantine's narration remarks that “nothing will ever be the same,” a phrase used within the comics medium to the point where it evokes an eyeroll from some, but for this instance his words hang true.
“Shot to Hell”
Writer: Jamie Delano
Art: John Ridgeway
Inks: Alfredo Alcala
Colors: Lovern Kindzierski
Letters: John Costanza
Cover: Dave McKean
While known for being a Vertigo title, Hellblazer began within the roots in the main DC universe until Issue #63. Despite this, the title did it's best to distance itself from most of the other characters of the universe, for although the title bore a “Suggested for Mature Readers” label, it would have been a nightmare for DC if Constantine made an appearance in Superman which resulted in a younger reader bringing a copy of Hellblazer home and was discovered. Its existence within the DC Universe allowed other occult characters to make appearances from time to time, while still trying to set the title in the real world. One of the greatest uses of DC material within Hellblazer is setting “Shot to Hell” in what is arguably the most famous comic book location, Gotham City.
Gotham City is perhaps the most fleshed out location in comics, the name instantly evokes everything abysmal about urban life, a soul crushing city overridden with crime and corruption that is home to the downtrodden, and of course the abode of Batman and his rogue's gallery. The demonic high of Nergal's blood long gone, a disheveled and unkempt Constantine has found himself amongst the squalor of Gotham to wallow in his self-pity for how out of control his life has become. Wandering into a bar he discovers it is his birthday, May 10th, and that he is 35 years old(1). The specific age of comic characters within companies such as Marvel or DC is often intentionally left vague or indeterminate, as it allows the characters to remain in their perpetual youth as the decades pass and writers change. Time does progress slowly for the aging of teenage sidekicks or birth of children, but most superheroes appear to be stuck in their perpetual 30s. While birthdays in superhero comics are not unheard of, Constantine ages in real time, so by the series conclusion he is 60.
In a sort of supernatural intervention, Constantine is confronted by the ghosts of his dead friends once again, now facing the mirror of argument he threw at them in issue #2. Before he chided the ghosts for not accepting their fate and that sacrifices have to be made, now the ghosts try to help John cope with his current situation and rise above the despair that has overcome him. As opposed to the hostility that John displays to cope with the loss of his friends whenever he is confronted by them, the ghosts confront John with kindness and love to try to help their friend. Spurning their efforts, Constantine wanders the streets of Gotham until he can no longer escape the literal ghost of what he was at the beginning of the series. Ghost-John reacts to his corporeal form's current state with disgust and is able to get convince John to get back on to living. The exchange is an apt metaphor for how no matter how much your friends and loved ones will be there for you when you are down, out and at your lowest, it is your own will and by your own actions that positive change can be made. As Constantine leaves Gotham, the wrecking ball that has followed him throughout Gotham that has been endlessly smashing up against a ruined building to no avail, symbolizing the feeling of futility Constantine is experiencing, finally smashes through the wall and obliterates the panel itself, marking the end of his anguish. Whereas Constantine overcomes his troubles, Zed has surrendered to her perceived destiny, and begs John not to try and make her go against it when he seeks her out. Making love one last time, Constantine taints her due to his demonic blood, but quickly puts the idea of a jilted lover behind him, taking up the responsibility that he now has to stop the Damnation Army from tipping the scales in their favor.
This marks the first but certainly not the last time in which we see Constantine overcome by the forces out of his control(2). His breaking point and subsequent spurts of depression flesh out his character and reinforce that in spite of all the terrible things he has to do, and the demonic blood flowing through his veins, he's only human.
Notes:
(1) This makes John Constantine's DOB May 10th, 1953
(2) Women are usually involved
Earlier this month, Hillary Clinton's campaign released a TV ad that should give pause to anyone hoping to avoid foreign policy catastrophe in coming years. As part of her ongoing effort to court disaffected Republicans, independents and assorted apolitical centrist types, the ad featured a number of purported experts solemnly attesting to the unreliability and volatility of Donald Trump.
Among these characters was Max Boot. One of the chief intellectual architects of the Iraq War, Boot has emerged from richly earned ignominy and ostracization to enjoy a sudden career revival, in large part thanks to liberals eagerly touting his Trump-bashing op-eds and media appearances. The logic behind lavishing Boot with such effusive praise, these Dems presumably reckon, is to show that hostility to the wildman GOP nominee crosses party lines.
Bashing Trump may well be a worthwhile exercise, but what gives George W. Bush-era ideologues such as Boot — who helped orchestrate the most cataclysmic military intervention in decades — any credibility to level the charges? If anything, criticism from this set should make voters less confident in the disreputability of Trump. It's valid to suppose that Trump presents unforeseen dangers to the republic, but to bolster this point, why highlight the fact that the most destructive operators of the past 15 years are so vehemently against him? It doesn't make a ton of sense.
Clinton's campaign may perceive some short-term advantage in brandishing these dubious endorsements, but the long-term ramifications are potentially dire. By rehabilitating the likes of Boot, Democrats effectively invite such people back into the fray of respectable discourse. They are once again seen as neutral, duly-credentialed “experts” whose intonations are worth dutifully listening to. By association, Hillary's tacit approval allows these neoconservatives to accrue renewed prestige and eventually insinuate themselves back into positions of power.
Liberals likewise have taken to feverishly sharing blusterous anti-Trump columns written by Robert Kagan, another agitator for the Iraq invasion. It wasn't so long ago that these very same liberals would have regarded men like Kagan and Boot as pariahs — intolerable scoundrels who put the country on the path to war under false pretenses.
Kagan has hosted official fundraisers for Hillary, extolling her foreign policy acumen and predilection for deploying military power abroad. His wife, Victoria Nuland, is seen as a contender for a top administration job — perhaps even secretary of state. This all unfolds while the country Kagan lobbied to invade remains gripped by horrendous turmoil and bloodshed.
Couple the newfound exaltation of neoconservatives with Democrats' recent campaign strategy, and you've got a recipe for conflagration should Hillary win in November. “Just asking questions” about his ties to Russia, Clinton functionaries have repeatedly propagated bogus innuendos and often outright smears about Trump's supposed collusion with leader Vladimir Putin.
Although his business dealings with sketchy Moscow oligarchs warrant scrutiny, the notion that Trump is some kind of secret agent of the Kremlin is preposterous, and harkens back to the old days when McCarthyite slurs were regularly heaped on anyone who dared deviate from foreign policy orthodoxy.
That these nasty tactics have been so fulsomely embraced by the Democratic establishment and liberal media should be seen as an ominous omen as to how things might proceed in a potential Hillary presidential term.
Again: Trump may pose certain unpredictable dangers, but the dangers posed by re-empowering the neoconservative ideologues who brought about the Iraq invasion are already known. There's no guesswork involved — we have incontrovertible proof of their destructive potential.
In his signature muddled and oft-contradictory style, Trump has cobbled together a wholesale critique of U.S. foreign policy post-9/11, situating Hillary squarely within the status quo that has wrought chaos in the Middle East and Europe.
On Monday afternoon, he again denounced “regime change,” called for attaining “common ground with Russia,” and even lamented “Iraqi kids blown to pieces” as a result of policies spearheaded by Hillary. Things have gotten so worrisome for interventionist Republicans that Bill Kristol, the Darth Vader of neoconservatism and a decades-long critic of the Clintons, has expressed joy at the prospect that Hillary supporters will actually be more hawkish than him once the campaign is over, in light of their newfound counter-Trump histrionics.
So long as Democrats maintain these blindspots, they will have corroded the national discourse such that, regardless of outcome in November, dark times on the foreign policy front lie ahead.
Tracey is a journalist and researcher in New York.

Many people are surprised by the intensity of the Schadenfreude being directed at the Republicans right now. Everywhere you turn, there's so much gleefully mean gloating, from Rachel Maddow's barely contained rant about all the things that really are true about Obama and this country, to Jon Stewart's hilarious mockery of Fox's election night meltdown, to the whitepeoplemourningromney Tumblr, the left is wallowing in the misery of the right. Some are decrying it as just plain nasty and unpatriotic. But this glee is actually quintessentially American. This unfiltered joy is straight out of every feel-good movie about losers finally having their day, from "Animal House" to "The Bad News Bears" to "Revenge of the Nerds" to "Big Fat Liar." Since the time of the original Tea Party, America loves it when the geeks and outsiders finally stick it to their rich and entitled tormentors.
And isn't this what this election has been about, the outsiders versus the entitled? For once gays, women, Latinos, African-Americans, math geeks (hello, Nate Silver), science nerds (global warming, anyone?) and even pot-smokers banded together to win the day against the anti-intellectuals (Santorum's boastful “we'll never get the smart people”), anti-science (Romney jokingly saying at the convention, “President Obama promised to slow the rise of the oceans and to heal the planet. My promise is to help you and your family”), anti-women (pick your insane rape statement by any number of Republican candidates, all of whom lost, not to mention Lilly Ledbetter), anti-gay (the Republican platform called for a ban on gay marriage and for bringing back Don't Ask Don't Tell), anti-Latino (they used the word “illegals” so often that even the notoriously conservative Cuban-Americans voted for Obama), and to top it all off there was the attempted bum rush of statistical wienie Nate Silver. Was that the tipping point? When the Fox and company bloviators went after Silver for, gasp, using math and logic, and did so in their characteristically smug and condescending manner, as if addressing the uneducated help sweeping out their dressage horse stables, this was when they were putting the finishing touches on the Schadenfreude targets.
Advertisement:
This outpouring of happy hate isn't only about this election. It is also about every frat boy who taunted a nerd, every date rape, every gay bash, every Duke basketball championship over the plucky outsider school, every rich cretin who stiffed you while you were waiting tables. By “you” I mean “me.” Yes, I remember every one of you. And I can't hit refresh enough on whitepeoplemourningromney. Call it gloating, call it Schadenfreude. I call it my patriotic duty.
The city of Fresno has been attracting a steady stream of young professionals. David Jordan
FRESNO, Calif. — It's not New York. It's not San Francisco or Chicago or Miami. But there's something about this place that trumps the bright-lights-big-city allure of more notable urban hubs, especially for young people. It's cheaper, and they can break into the city's power structure at a young age because it's smaller and there's less competition. That's why Fresno, in the heart of California's agricultural Central Valley and in the shadow of Yosemite National Park, is surfacing on lists of most livable cities for people 35 and under, along with other unlikely locales: Omaha, Neb.; Tulsa, Okla.; and Tucson, Ariz. Even more eyebrow-raising: An analysis of government and consumer research statistics by the data-driven digital magazine Vocativ ranks Fresno just one notch below New York City, in 24th place among the 100 most populous cities. Based on a lengthy list of metrics — including everything from a youthful population to the price of marijuana — Fresno emerges as far more appealing for young people than trendier, better-known cities like San Diego and Philadelphia. “We used everything from median age to unemployment to average cost for a two-bedroom apartment to the cost of a pint of Guinness and the cost of an ounce of weed to the number of coffee shops and music venues and the cost of manicures and pedicures,” said Victoria Cavaliere, one of the lead reporters on the project. “The data doesn't lie.” Yes, these are all things that matter to younger people — especially in rough times.
The economic downturn that has yet to fully loosen its grip on the nation has added sheen to less glamorous cities and places often derided by their critics as cow towns or, in the case of Fresno, the armpit of the state. The Internet has also given the most remote corners of the country access to things that previously could be found only in big cities, whether it's gourmet foods or high-powered jobs that can be done from home. And young entrepreneurs, who might have had to wait years before starting a business in first-tier cities, are finding opportunities in more modest places. “There's a bit of a pioneering instinct,” said Ilana Preuss, vice president and chief of staff of Smart Growth America, a national coalition that promotes growth without harming the environment (compact neighborhoods, public transit). “They feel they have the power to create a new economy … These are places to have businesses because of incredibly strong personal connections.” Jake Soberal has no regrets returning to the hometown that he spent a few years avoiding: college in North Carolina, law school in the Los Angeles area, jobs in Manhattan and Phoenix. At 27, he and other entrepreneurs founded Bitwise Industries, a technology hub that has brought 23 companies under one roof in the city's Mural District. “It's not an incubator, it's a community,” according to Bitwise's website. The company's Geekwise Academy trains people to provide talent that the software industry needs. “In Fresno, you don't have to wait for your pedigree to ripen,” Soberal said. “I own a home that would be $1 million in Los Angeles, and I'm 27 years old.” Bitwise filled 100,000 square feet of space in 20 weeks. Tripling the space is in the works. Soberal has been active in the city's Boomerang Project to lure young professionals back to Fresno to live and work. When he returned to his hometown, he said it was the first time he'd "been around people who I'd want to be when I grow up.”
In Fresno, you don't have to wait for your
pedigree to ripen. Jake Soberal Bitwise Industries founder
A grassroots organization formed eight years ago, Fresno's Leading Young Professionals (FLYP), caters to 21- to 40-year-olds and helps them make professional and civic connections. The goal is to bring young people back to the area and give those already there reasons to stay. “Fresno is a city where anybody can be involved just by raising your hand,” said Sarah Moffatt, 34, a native of nearby Madera who heads FLYP this year. A field representative for Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., Moffatt works on narcotics policy, including issues raised by the boom in marijuana growers in the Central Valley. Lisa Burger, 37, executive producer at KMPH Fox 26, grew up in small Grand Junction, Colo., and moved to the big city — the Los Angeles area — at the age of 21. She said it's unlikely she could have hoped to become a news producer at an L.A. station at such a young age. But she could in Fresno. The “big fish in a small pond” adage surfaces often in cities like Fresno. Moffatt and Burger point to a recent trip they took to one of Fresno's sister cities — chic Verona in Italy — as an opportunity that young professionals such as themselves would never have had in Los Angeles or New York. Fresno is not small. The city has more than half a million residents and is larger than the state capital, Sacramento. But because it's in the heart of farm country, it lacks big-city glamour. What it does offer is a more compact power structure that allows even the young to make a difference. Estella Cisneros, a 28-year-old lawyer, grew up in nearby Merced County and, as many young locals do, went away to college (Stanford University, Yale University). She lived in Sacramento and San Francisco and spent time in New York City. Then she did what many don't do: She came back. “We know a lot of people leave and never come back,” she said. “I made a concerted effort to come back.” As a lawyer for California Rural Legal Assistance, which provides counsel to immigrants, she wants to create a progressive community in an area dominated by agriculture. She and other young professionals are tackling air and water quality issues in the San Joaquin Valley, for example. “I pretty much know all the attorneys here, and that's very helpful,” Cisneros said. “And I think I could probably afford to buy a house here.” Being close to family is another draw for Fresno natives who return home, a nesting inclination that flourishes in tough economic times. Moffatt can take her nephew to baseball games; the stadium for the minor-league Fresno Grizzlies is in the heart of downtown and has a big fan base. “It's $14 a ticket” and a chance to see future major-league players, she said.
‘They love the space'
Magic: A Scientific Resurrection of an Esoteric Legend by Dean Radin · · 25 692 views · International Transpersonal Conference
Embed <div id="presentation-embed-38903721"></div> <script src='https://slideslive.com/embed_presentation.js'></script> <script> embed = new SlidesLiveEmbed('presentation-embed-38903721', { presentationId: '38903721', autoPlay: false // change to true to autoplay the embedded presentation }); </script>
Magic: A scientific resurrection of an esoteric legend Magic is one of the most enduring legends of humanity. It's at the core of the esoteric traditions, it saturates the literature of religion and science, it has been severely suppressed for millennia, and yet fictional stories about magic are just as popular today as they've ever been. But is magic real? I will present scientific evidence that the answer is yes, and I will discuss the implications of real magic for a post-modern understanding of reality. Dean Radin, PhD, is Chief Scientist at the Institute of Noetic Sciences (IONS) and Associated Distinguished Professor of Integral and Transpersonal Psychology at the California Institute of Integral Studies (CIIS). His original career track as a concert violinist shifted into science after earning a BSEE degree in electrical engineering, magna cum laude with honors in physics, from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, and then an MS in electrical engineering and a PhD in psychology from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. For a decade he worked on advanced telecommunications R&D at AT&T Bell Laboratories and GTE Laboratories. For three decades he has been engaged in frontiers research on the nature of consciousness. Before joining the research staff at IONS in 2001, he held appointments at Princeton University, University of Edinburgh, University of Nevada, Interval Research Corporation, and SRI International. He is author or coauthor of over 250 scientific and popular articles (some 80+ in peer-reviewed journals), three dozen book chapters, and three popular books including the award-winning and bestselling The Conscious Universe (HarperOne, 1997), Entangled Minds (Simon & Schuster, 2006), and a 2014 Silver Nautilus Book Award, Supernormal (Random House, 2013). His website is www.deanradin.com.
Watch SlidesLive on mobile devices
© SlidesLive Inc.
The decline of childhood obesity rates seen in a couple of recent studies may be nothing more than an illusion, according to a new study published Monday in JAMA Pediatrics.
The researchers looked at data from more than 26,000 children age 2 to 19 in the United States who participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. They found that rates of overweight and obese children have been trending upward since 1999, with significant increases seen recently in the number of severely obese children.
Severe childhood obesity rates have more than doubled since 1999, according to the study. In 1999-2000, less than 1% of children fell into the Class 3 obesity category - meaning they had a body mass index 140% higher than their peers. In 2011-2012, 2.1% of children were in the same category. An additional 5.9% met the criteria for Class 2 obesity.
"I think there are certain kids who are at greatest risk for obesity," said lead study author Asheley Skinner, an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine. "When you put them in an environment like this one... they're more likely to gain a whole lot of weight. That's part of what's going on."
The risks associated with that extra weight are scary.
Obese children are more likely to have high cholesterol, high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes later in life, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They're also at risk for bone and joint problems, sleep apnea and psychological problems due to poor self-esteem. Studies show that obese children and adolescents are likely to remain obese as adults.
A separate study published in the journal Pediatrics this week estimates an obese child will incur anywhere from $12,000 to $19,000 in additional medical costs throughout his or her lifetime compared to a normal weight child.
"What we worry about is not that they're going to be unhealthy now, but if they have unhealthy behaviors that are going to follow them into adulthood," Skinner said.
Body mass index for children is calculated a bit differently than it is for adults. While children's height and weight are still used, whether they are "normal," "overweight" or "obese" is determined by a percentile. Most parents are familiar with percentiles, as they are commonly used to chart children's growth in the United States.
A healthy weight child falls between the 5th and the 85th percentiles. An overweight child is the 85th to 95th percentile; an obese child is above the 95th percentile.
Researchers categorize the severity of obesity in levels or "classes." For example, a 10-year-old boy of average height - about 4.5 feet tall - would be obese at 95 pounds, Class 2 obese at 115 pounds, and Class 3 obese at 135 pounds.
Skinner and her colleague, Dr. Joseph Skelton, found that all classes of childhood obesity have increased over the last 14 years. The most significant increases were seen in the severe obesity classes, elementary school girls and adolescent boys. When broken down by race, obesity rates were highest for Hispanic and white girls, and African-American boys.
A few weeks ago, another JAMA study concluded obesity rates in preschool-age children have decreased significantly over the past decade. The study authors used data from the same survey as Skinner, but came up with different results. Why?
The key word is "decade," Skinner says.
The researchers for that study only looked at data from 2003-2004 to 2011-2012. Their starting point - 2003-2004 - is a "blip" in the data, Skinner says, where the rates shot up and then came right back down. Beginning with that year skews the overall pattern, making it look like a decrease. But Skinner, who looked at a longer period, found a slight upward trend.
The overall takeaway from this survey data is that too many children are still overweight or obese, Skinner says, despite education pushes and policy changes.
"It's frustrating to put so much effort into (fighting childhood obesity) and not get any apparent results," she said. "We really need to think about this as a larger, cultural issue."
Dannon Co. settled a false-advertising lawsuit Friday, agreeing to set up a $35-million fund to reimburse consumers who bought its Activia and DanActive yogurts.
The class-action lawsuit, filed in January 2008, alleged that Dannon lied when marketing its Activia and DanActive yogurts by trumpeting health benefits that didn't exist.
The White Plains, N.Y.-based yogurt maker denied the claims and admitted no wrongdoing as part of the settlement. The decision to settle was based on Dannon's desire "to avoid the distraction and expense of litigation," spokesman Michael Neuwirth said.
As part of the settlement, the company agreed to make changes to the labeling and advertising of Activia and DanActive by increasing the visibility of the scientific names of the "probiotic" cultures in the yogurts, court documents said. Dannon also agreed to remove the word "immunity" from its DanActive products.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kilt-wearing barmen have been forced to ditch their traditional Scottish dress because they were being harassed by frisky female customers.
Staff at Hootananny in Inverness stopped wearing their tartan last summer, and are now wearing tartan trousers instead.
They complained the problem was particularly bad at weekends when large groups of drunk women would 'circle' around them and lift up their kilts to check if they were wearing anything underneath.
Although the kilt will not be making a return, the staff have agreed to adopt tartan trousers to reflect the pub's traditional Scottish theme.
(Image: Cascade)
Owner Kit Fraser is pleased to see tartan is making a return, reports the Daily Record.
"It is a compromise," he said.
Read more:
"It deals with the problem of hands up kilts but still keeps the flag flying for the great Scottish tradition of tartan.
"We are a quintessential Scottish bar and tourists expect to see tartan."
Last year's story about the men abandoning their kilts drew international attention and prompted a lively debate about the issue of sexual harassment.
(Image: Cascade)
The Scottish Government also became involved saying everybody in Scotland should have the right to work without fear of harassment and it was important management in all working environments did what they could to ensure that happened.
Bar manager Stuart Skinner felt tartan trousers - which would be of lightweight material - provided a reasonable compromise.
"It is just not practical to wear kilts when the bar gets busy and it gets hot," he said.
Mr Skinner revealed, however, he will not be adopting the new style.
"At 55, I am not starting to wear tartan trews behind the bar!" he said.
At the time, Iain Howie, the pub's assistant manager, said the incidents mostly happened at weekends when the bar was particularly busy.
Staff became fed up with groups of women revellers lifting up their kilts to check whether they are "true Scotsmen".
(Image: Cascade)
Mr Howie said: "You get large groups of drinking women circling around when you are collecting glasses and asking whether you are true Scotsman - and they find out for themselves," he said.
"The first few times, it is funny.
"But when it is really busy and everyone has to work fast and hard, and your hands are full of glasses, you feel quite vulnerable.
"You are thinking are you going to get broken glasses or is your kilt going to get lifted up again?
"They see it as a bit of fun but it is a bit of an embarrassment."
Kit Fraser, the owner of Hootananny in Inverness, described it as "pure sexism".
Read more:
"It may seem funny but it is serious, too," he said.
"The women are sticking their hands up their kilts.
"Can you imagine if I went into a restaurant and stuck my hand up a girl's skirt? I would be taken to the police station and rightly so.
(Image: Cascade)
"I look after my customers but equally important are my staff.
"I am not forcing them to do something they don't want to do. We fellows are very, very aware of sexism. I think the women need to catch up."
The tartan's return coincides with the launch of the venue's new cocktail bar, The Glow Bar, on the top floor.
The new venture, which will operate at weekends, includes a £20,000 counter and incorporates LED lighting.
"It will be magical," Mr Fraser said.
"It is glitz. It is glamorous. It is kitsch."
He said the additional bar would complement the two other floors which offer traditional Scottish ceilidh music on the ground floor and other music, including up-and-coming bands in Mad Hatters on the middle floor.
"We will have three totally different atmospheres on three different floors," he said.
Queen Victoria's family members with haemophilia
Haemophilia figured prominently in the history of European royalty in the 19th and 20th centuries. Britain's Queen Victoria, through two of her five daughters, Princess Alice and Princess Beatrice, passed the mutation to various royal houses across the continent, including the royal families of Spain, Germany and Russia. Victoria's son Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany also suffered from the disease. For this reason, haemophilia was once popularly called "the royal disease". Tests on the remains of the Romanov imperial family show that the specific form of haemophilia passed down by Queen Victoria was probably the relatively rare Haemophilia B.[1]
The sex-linked X chromosome disorder manifests almost exclusively in males, even though the genetic mutation causing the disorder is located on the X chromosome and can be inherited from the mother by male children or from either mother or father by female children. This is because the trait is recessive, meaning that only one correctly-functioning copy of the blood clotting factor gene is necessary for normal clotting. Females have two X chromosomes, and hence redundant copies of the blood clotting factor gene located on them. A female who inherits a mutated copy on one X chromosome has also inherited a second X chromosome from the other parent that is likely to carry a non-mutated copy of the gene, capable of directing appropriate clotting. Such a female, with normal clotting but possessing a single mutated copy of the gene, is called a carrier. Males only possess a single X chromosome, inherited from their mother, having received a Y chromosome from their father instead of a second X. If their sole X chromosome contains the haemophilia mutation they possess no second copy to provide for normal function, as in carrier females. Each child of a carrier will have a 50% chance of inheriting their mother's mutation, of being a haemophiliac (sons) or carrier (daughters). The daughter of a male haemophiliac will always inherit his mutation, while a son cannot ever inherit it. A female will only be affected with haemophilia in the rare circumstance that she inherits mutated X chromosomes from both a haemophiliac father and a carrier mother. No case of such double inheritance is known among Queen Victoria's descendants.
Although an individual's haemophilia can usually be traced in the ancestry, in about 30% of cases there is no family history of the disorder, and the condition is speculated to be the result of spontaneous mutation in an ancestor.[2] Victoria's appears to have been a spontaneous or de novo mutation and she is usually considered the source of the disease in modern cases of haemophilia among her descendants. Queen Victoria's father, Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, was not a haemophiliac, and the probability of her mother having had a lover who suffered from haemophilia is minuscule given the low life expectancy of 19th-century haemophiliacs. Her mother, Victoria, Duchess of Kent, was not known to have a family history of the disease, although it is possible that she was a carrier, but among her children only Victoria received the mutated copy. The rate of spontaneous mutation is known to increase with paternal age, and Victoria's father was 51 at her birth.
Queen Victoria's eldest daughter, Victoria, Princess Royal, apparently escaped the haemophilia gene as it did not appear in any of her matrilineal descendants. Victoria's fifth child, Helena, may or may not have been a carrier; two healthy sons survived to adulthood, but two other sons died in infancy and her two daughters did not have issue. Victoria's sixth child, Louise, died without issue. Queen Victoria's sons Edward, Alfred, and Arthur were not haemophiliacs; however, her daughters Alice and Beatrice were confirmed carriers of the gene, and Victoria's son Leopold was a sufferer of haemophilia, making his daughter Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone a carrier as well.
Beware of only reading the headlines. No doubt the soda industry's PR apparatus is swooning over all the recent media coverage on a new study that finds drinking diet soda helps dieters lose weight—after all, the industry essentially paid for it.
A research team led by Dr. Jim Hill at the University of Colorado selected a sample of 300 adults who already regularly consumed diet drinks and divided them into two groups. Both groups received intensive weigh-loss counseling and kept journals of the meals they ate. But one group was allowed to keep their diet drinks, while the other was required to switch solely to water.
The results, which were published in the journal Obesity, found that the “water group” lost, on average, nine pounds over the course of 12 weeks, while the diet-soda drinkers lost 13 pounds.
Related Another Reason Why Soda Is a Downer
“The results, to us, were not at all surprising,” Hill tells CNN, perhaps oblivious of how unwittingly biased that sounds, given that his study was funded by the soda industry's principal lobbying group, the American Beverage Association.
One of Hill's colleagues and another of the study's authors, John Peters, pretty much bend over backward defending the integrity of the results in spite of the funding source. “We responded to a [request for proposal] that was put out by the ABA to the scientific community,” Peters tells NPR. The story goes on to explain that before taking on the research project, Peters and his colleagues made a deal with their backers that the study would be published regardless of the outcome.
That may well be on the up and up, but it doesn't explain why the study was designed in such a way that the soda industry was probably confident that the odds were in its favor and that the results would be positive. Hill and his team only looked at people who already consumed diet drinks, and only for a relatively short period of time—during which they all were provided with professional weight-loss counseling.
Susie Swithers of Purdue University is one scientist not involved in the study who is ripping it to shreds. She tells NPR the research is “fatally flawed” and says it “leaves us with little science to build on.”
“This paper tells us nothing about the long-term health consequences that should be our real focus,” she says.
After reviewing dozens of studies published over the last five years that investigated the link between diet soda consumption and health, Swithers wrote an opinion piece last summer. “Accumulating evidence suggests that frequent consumers of these sugar substitutes may also be at increased risk of excessive weight gain, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease,” she wrote. Among the studies Swithers cites was a 2008 study out of the University of Texas, which found that over the course of seven to eight years, those who regularly consumed artificially sweetened beverages were twice as likely to become overweight or obese as those who didn't drink them. A study from the Bloomberg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University, published earlier this year, found overweight and obese adults who drank artificially sweetened beverages were likely to consume more calories overall per day than those who didn't.
It's been called the “counterintuitive effect” of drinking diet soda, and researchers are still not sure how to explain it. The most popular theory is that artificial sweeteners (found in diet soda, yes, but also other processed foods and beverages) muck up your body's normal response to sugar intake, prompting you to seek out other sources of sugar.
In any case, the soda industry is probably thrilled to have a headline out there that tells diet soda drinkers what they want to hear. Decidedly “off message,” however, is the quote from one study participant, Kristi Norton, who was in the water-only group that cut out diet soft drinks altogether. “I felt like I could 1,000 percent tell the benefit of drinking water only,” she tells CNN. “I felt better. I had more energy. I felt healthier. I just generally felt way better, and I can feel the difference now when I drink a diet drink; I can feel this ‘heaviness.' ”
Oh, and by the way, Norton lost 12 pounds during the study.
Hillary Clinton's campaign team reportedly used a static noise machine on Thursday to block reporters outside of a fundraiser in Denver from hearing her remarks.
That's according to Stan Bush, a reporter for Denver's CBS-4, who was stationed outside of the event, which was held outdoors at the home of Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, a superdelegate who has endorsed Clinton.
Bush said that the noise interference machine was turned on after a band — later identified as Big Head Todd and the Monsters — finished playing music and before Clinton spoke. The device was placed inside of a fence on the property and aimed in the direction of the press, Bush wrote.
He posted video showing what it sounded like outside of the event before and after the machine was turned on. The device produced a low-intensity throbbing noise, much like a helicopter off in the distance.
.@cascamike listen here for sound of what was turned on after the bands and just before the speeches. pic.twitter.com/GhSE15NDeN — Stan Bush (@StanBushTV) April 8, 2016
After the sound machine was quieted, music can be heard coming from inside the event.
Here's what it sounds like with that static noise machine turned off at the @HillaryClinton campaign fundraiser pic.twitter.com/keyuXwQad2 — Stan Bush (@StanBushTV) April 8, 2016
Clinton's visit to Denver was solely for fundraising purposes. She lost to Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders by 20 points in last month's caucuses. According to The Denver Post, the top donor level for the fundraiser was $27,000. Funds will be dispersed between the Clinton campaign, the Democratic National Committee and state party committees.
Hillary Clinton at the Hickenlooper's in Denver. pic.twitter.com/7P1uMoBLV6 — Thomas Higley (@tomhigley) April 8, 2016
The Clinton campaign frequently uses noise in another way to prevent reporters from overhearing the candidate's remarks. Often, while Clinton is shaking hands with voters at campaign events, staff will crank up music to prevent reporters from recording their conversations.
The Clinton team has also been criticized for using a rope line to prevent reporters from getting too close to the former first lady.
The Clinton campaign did not respond to a request for comment.
[h/t Washington Examiner]
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Share
Barnes and Noble announced today that they are splitting up with Nook. The divorce could get messy, but they still plan to work together after the separation…for the kids.
The analogy may sound a bit weird but that's pretty much exactly what's happening. B&N plans to separate their Barnes & Noble Retail business and Nook Media division into two separate companies.
The split isn't going to happen immediately; if everything gets approved and goes as planned, the separation will be completed in early 2015.
Nook Media has been dragging down B&N for the past couple of years, so the move really isn't surprising. B&N released new numbers on the Nook brand today and the outlook is not good. Overall Nook revenues decreased by 22.3% for the quarter and 35.2% for the year. Nook device and accessory sales are even worse, down by 30.1% for the quarter and 44.8% for the full year.
It will be interesting to see how this all plays out for Nook Media. B&N recently announced that they would no longer be making any more Nook tablet devices, that they would be partnering with other companies for hardware instead. That's where the Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Nook comes in, Samsung hardware with Nook software. If hardware is already on the way out for Nook, that just leaves apps and digital content to manage.
But without B&N, where does that leave Nook Media? I often hear people say that they are pulling for B&N and hope that Barnes and Noble does well and stays in business. That's an excuse a lot of people used to buy Nook books and Nook devices. Without that, Nook is going to be in even worse shape.
Things aren't looking good for Nook right now. Hopefully splitting the companies into two separate businesses can benefit them both in the long run.
You can tell when the old boys in Trenton are doing something dastardly, just by the timing. If it's awful, they move fast, before the stink can travel far.
So it is with this week's attempt to kill jobs in the newspaper industry, on the bogus promise of saving money for local taxpayers.
Gov. Chris Christie, a vindictive soul who has made no secret of his hatred for the free press, is pushing it hard. And Democratic leaders, always ready to make a deal, even a craven one, are going along with it.
The purpose of this bill, when you cut through the clutter, is to weaken the press, to defang the watchdogs who expose their bad behavior.
If you want to give state and local politicians free reign to do their dirty business in the dark, this bill is a Godsend. If you want to hasten the decline of the press in the era of Donald Trump, this one is for you. Be ready to rely more on fake news posted on Facebook.
First, full disclosure: The bill would damage the Star-Ledger and its sister papers, likely forcing another round of layoffs. This time, we are in the crosshairs. Statewide, 200 to 300 journalists would lose their jobs, and some papers would no doubt fold. Factor that in as you see fit.
But let's look at the merits, straight up.
This bill is pitched as a way for local governments to save money by posting legal advertisements on their own web sites, and not in local newspapers. But it would force local governments to fortify their web sites against hacking, and hire staff to process, format and track all the ads, a job now done by the newspapers.
So how much would it save, in the end? Probably nothing. The last time the boys in the back room tried to pull this stunt, in 2011, the Legislature's own research arm said it might not save a dime - and could even increase local costs. That may explain why no other state has done this.
And what about the digital divide? Local governments are required to post legal ads because voters have a right to know when a public contract goes up for bid, or a local business seeks permission to expand, or a foreclosed property goes up for sale.
Don't the elderly and the poor have that same right? Fresh data from the Pew Research Center shows a 33-point gap in internet use between young and old, a 35-point gap between college graduates and high schools dropouts, and a 21-point gap between the rich and poor. This bill, in effect, creates two classes of citizenship.
And because this is New Jersey, let's carefully consider the weapon this bill would place in the hands of a sleazy politician. It's not just that they would be able to hire family members while no one is watching, or vote themselves a raise.
It would give them new leverage to pressure the press. Under this bill, a mayor could threaten to pull the legal ads from the local paper preparing to print a damaging story.
Imagine the pressure on the publisher of a local paper that is barely surviving in today's market. The temptation would be to yield, to protect the staff and their families. And if you don't think New Jersey pols would play that rough, you haven't been paying attention. It is a sure thing.
That's the evil genius behind this bill. It would wipe out hundreds of watchdogs, and give the worst politicians a new way to fight this left standing. We are supposed to believe that would save taxpayers money?
If it were really about savings, this push would have come from the League of Municipalities. But Mike Cerra, its assistant executive director, said that while the League welcomes the move it had nothing to do with this push. "I can't say really where the push is from," he says.
We can. This is the work of a bruised governor who is reviled by most citizens of the state. He blames that on the press -- not on the scandals, the lies, and the undeniable failure of his leadership. This is his revenge.
"Who else would dream this up but somebody with that kind of evil mind?" asks Sen. Loretta Weinberg (D-Teaneck).
Hearings are set for Thursday. Don't bother calling the governor's office; he's lost. But if you want to stop him, please call your local legislator, along with Senate President Steve Sweeney (D-Gloucester) at (856) 251-9801, and Assembly Speaker Vincent Prieto (D-Hudson) at (201) 770-1303.
This one is headed for approval unless people stand up and object. We have just a few days left.
More: Recent Star-Ledger editorials.
Follow NJ.com Opinion on Twitter@NJ_Opinion. Find NJ.com Opinion on Facebook.
Drawing boards have been used by engineers and architects for more than two centuries.
But the saying “back to the old drawing board” is more recent and can actually be traced to a specific source and date.
It was coined by the American artist Peter Arno in a cartoon first published in the March 1, 1941 issue of New Yorker magazine.
Arno created hundreds of classic cover and interior cartoons for the New Yorker from 1925 until his death in 1968. Many were compiled in a series of popular books.
The caption of one of those cartoons, first published in 1932, popularized the saying “This is a hell of a way to run a railroad!”
Arno's phrase-making 1941 cartoon shows a crashed military plane, with the pilot coming down by parachute in the background.
Uniformed military personnel are running toward the plane.
But a nerdy-looking guy in a suit, carrying a roll of papers under his arm, is walking away, saying (in the caption): “Well, back to the old drawing board.”
The nerd is presumably one of the engineers who designed the plane. He seems almost cheerful that he has more design work to do.
The rolled up papers he's carrying are the engineering drawings for the plane, soon to be put back on his drawing board for modifications.
During World War II, Arno's caption was picked up and transformed into an idiomatic expression.
The phrase “back to the old drawing board” (or just “back to the drawing board”) became a humorous way of saying that something didn't work or isn't working as planned, so a different option or plan is needed.
The expression is still in common use today , though few people know that it comes from a Peter Arno cartoon published on today's date in 1941.
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments? Corrections? Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski has reached her breaking point with Donald Trump's string of lies (Screen capture)
On Friday's edition of MSNBC's Morning Joe, co-host Mika Brzezinski marveled at the amount of false statements made by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, lamenting that the air is so thick with lies now that it's almost impossible to fact-check them all.
Brzezinski played a clip of Hardball‘s Chris Matthews interviewing former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani (R) on the topic of Pres. Barack Obama's citizenship. Donald Trump has yet to recant his “birther” stance — the assertion that Obama was born outside the U.S. — but Giuliani repeatedly insisted that Trump has acknowledged that our current president is a legitimate U.S. citizen who was born in Hawaii.
Commentator Donny Deutsch said, “Rudy Giuliani, in my mind, is unhinged. My mother who's 80 lives in a beautiful place called Boca West down in Boca Raton, Florida, and there are some vacancies there and I think Rudy Giuliani should look into going down there because he's not well. You watch that interview — and Chris did a great job — and you can see that that man is just not well.”
One panelist said, “We have to make up a little card and pin it to his sleeve that says, ‘My name is Rudy and I live in condo 3A at Boca West.'”
Brzezinski said that Trump's running mate, Gov. Mike Pence (R-IN) has come out and acknowledged the president's birthplace, but Trump has only said, “I don't even talk about it anymore.”
She played video of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton from Thursday night, saying, “We are facing a candidate with a long history of racial discrimination in his business, who traffics in toxic conspiracy theories like the lie that Pres. Obama is not a true American.”
“If he doesn't even respect all Americans,” Clinton said, “how can he serve all Americans?”
Brzezinski said that the press' job during times like this “is to state facts. At this point, I'll go on the record and say there are so many lies that this candidate just throws out there right and left, just at his whim, seemingly for fun, to make it part of a riff. And I do think that at this point he has failed. He has failed any test in terms of being able to cover him as a legitimate, credible candidate.”
Chuck Todd said that there are so many lies “that when you cover one, there's six left uncovered. You can't debunk the lies as fast as he's telling them sometimes.”
At what point, Todd asked, do people stop taking Trump at his word and just assume that he's lying?
“Ultimately,” said Todd, “it's going to backfire on him.”
“The fact remains that he never stepped up,” Brzezinski said. “He only doubled down. He hasn't even tried to think about what impact he might be having on this country or that he could have. He hasn't tried to educate himself. He hasn't tried to tell the truth. He's still doing a reality show and having fun on his whim and laughing.”
“It's not funny,” she concluded.
Watch the video, embedded below:
Pioneer Site Supporter
Join Date: Aug 2009 Location: Elko, Nevada Albums Photos: Gallery Posts: 1,288
I Use A K1000
I use a K1000. There is something reassuring about the solid simplicity of this camera. It is not confusing. There are not so many switches and buttons that I have to stop and think about which ones I should use and when. I have never once missed a picture with this camera because I didn't understand how a certain function worked or which button or dial to use to activate the camera. The shutter dial clicks when I turn to each speed and I can turn the dial and count the clicks, knowing exactly where I'm at all the time. The same with the aperture ring. I don't need a little window. I have never waited for this camera to wake up or been frustrated because the autofocus refuses to lock on and allow me to take my picture. When I use this camera it is me that is slow and deliberate, not the camera. The camera waits for me to tell it what to do, and that's the way it should be.
I use a K1000. Nothing happens accidentally with this camera. There are no excuses. I cannot claim that I forgot that the mode dial was set on Manual because there is no Mode dial, and the camera is always on manual. I am never expecting a Program setting to make a decision for me, and then caught unawares when it does not. I am always aware that the Program setting for this camera is in my own mind. I am responsible for the shutter speed, not the camera. I am responsible for the aperture and the depth of field, not the camera. I am responsible for ensuring that my photo is tack sharp! I am responsible for eliminating camera shake. This camera doesn't second guess me, it does exactly what I tell it to do, even when it shouldn't.
I use a K1000. When I lift this camera and look through the viewfinder I am only thinking about the picture, not the camera. What exactly am I photographing? Have I framed it the way I want? Am I trying to isolate something from its surroundings or do I want to show it as part of a larger whole? How do I foresee the picture, what will it look like? This camera is not pretentious enough to be about itself. I don't have to think about the camera. I know where the controls are and what they do. It is only about the picture.
I use a K1000. Making an image is all about the light. With this camera I am always thinking about the light. Is there enough? Is it the right kind? Is it in the right place? Do I need to add more of it? How will it look on the film? Do I want a filter? If so, which one do I want? The K1000 gives me exactly the right tools to control the light, and not a thing I don't need.
I use a K1000. I am not distracted. I am not worried about which button controls exposure lock and whether the autofocus has focused on the right thing. I'm not concerned whether I am using matrix or spot metering. I don't take a picture and then look at the histogram to evaluate the lighting after the picture is taken, I think about the lighting in advance.
I use a K1000. I am not really a student and yet I am always a student. With this camera I am continually learning. There are many nuances to taking a picture and the K1000 requires that I learn those nuances. It doesn't automatically do it for me. But it doesn't get in the way of that learning either.
I use a K1000. It is a very, very reliable camera. I take care of it as best I can but it has never failed. When I press the shutter button the shutter fires. When I throw the lever to advance the film, it advances unless I am at the end of the roll. It has been rained on and snowed on. It has taken pictures in a North Dakota winter at 42 below zero (Fahrenheit of course) and it has reliably responded in the Nevada desert at 115 degrees. I bought it used and have no idea how many pictures it has taken but it has gone through a couple of hundred rolls during its' stay with me. The battery has died but the camera has never stopped yet.
I use a K1000. Like my camera my accessories are very simple. I use a remote shutter cable that does not require electricity. I can use almost any flash I want, even flash bulbs if I can still find them. I don't worry about automatic settings with my flash. It is all manual, just like my camera. I have a very fancy and solid tripod, but I've also successfully used some pretty cheap tripods to stabilize this camera as well. It has successfully taken pictures with every lens I have ever bought (and with my lens buying addiction there have been many.)
I use a K1000. Most people don't believe me but focusing is usually very simple and very quick. In fact, I can often take my picture faster then your camera can lock focus so you are allowed to take the picture. I can walk down the streets of my town taking perfectly focused pictures without ever lifting the camera to my eyes, and no one is the wiser. There is no whining, whirring autofocus lenses, there are no noises of film advancing following a shot. When I reach the end of the roll the film does not suddenly begin re-winding.
I use a K1000. I have lots of other cameras but I don't really need them, just like I don't really need another hammer. They are both tools, one drives nails, the other takes pictures. To take good pictures one must learn to use the tool, the camera. Like the hammer the K1000 is simple to learn and doesn't get in the way of learning to take pictures. But, like learning to use the hammer, there are many subtleties that need to be learned in order to take good pictures. And like a hammer, when I get to cocky I can make a mistake and hit my finger.
I use a K1000. There is a special feeling of pride that comes when I take a really good image with the K1000. I look at the picture and realize that this is mine. It came from my understanding and my creativity. It wasn't the product of matrix metering or special, computerized exposure algorithms. It didn't fortuitously appear in a rapid-fire string fired off in hopes of getting something good. I planned for it and I waited for the right moment. And when the opportunity arrived I was ready. I made this picture and it is mine!
I use a K1000. It isn't pretty. It isn't glamorous. It isn't fast. It isn't fancy. It is really just a box with a shutter and a lens. You put film in it and you take pictures. This camera makes it pretty easy to take pictures. If you carry a K1000 it is for the pictures. If I were told one day that I had to get rid of all my cameras but one, it would be tough, but the K1000 is almost certainly the one I would keep.
I use a K1000. It is no longer a spring chicken, but neither am I. Somehow we just seem to work well together.
This picture of the Ruby Mountains in Northern Nevada was taken in May 2010 using a Pentax K1000 SE with a Vivitar Series 1 70-210mm f/3.5 at about 180mm using a B+W Circular Polarizing filter.
A FATHER captured flattening a yob on a St Helens estate in a video clip sweeping the internet has been hailed a local hero by web viewers.
But ex-soldier Jason Smith, a 15st master of karate and jiu-jitsu, has played down such remarks, telling the Star: “I'm no hero I was just a normal guy who was protecting his family.”
In the video – viewed several hundred thousand times on various websites – an aggressive man is seen hurling abuse at St Helens dad Jason and trying to goad him into a fight on Woodcroft Way, on the Four Acre estate.
Remarkably, double black belt Jason (35) – who says his family reported up to 60 crimes in a one year stay on the estate - stands on his doorstep keeping his cool…until the yob kicks over a dustbin.
He then floors the foul-mouthed aggressor with a quickfire martial arts move – known as a falcon punch The yob then scrambles away from the scene on his knees while a crowd gathered on the estate looks on.
The video, which contains foul language and scenes of violence, can be viewed here:
This week Jason, who now lives in another area of St Helens with his wife Rebecca and 22-month old daughter , told the Star: “From the moment he started pushing me I was weighing him up.
“It goes to the point when I decided I had had enough and in the end I hit him and put him on his backside.
“The lightbulb then finally came on and he realised he had picked on the wrong bloke and started fleeing.
“He got arrested by the police and the matter went through the courts.”
The footage dates back to May 2008. It is understood the mobile phone footage was initially placed on the YouTube website but removed.
However, after being uploaded a second time – and later picked up by a freelance journalist and sold to a national tabloid – it has become an internet phenomenon.
Jason added: “We had endured a nightmare living up there, my wife was ill at the time and our little one just a few months old.
“After I hit him we didn't get much more trouble from the yobs – but we were glad to get a move to somewhere else.”
Meanwhile, Superintendent Rob Carden from the police in St Helens confirmed police had dealt with the crime, saying: "Following this incident, which occurred in May 2008, officers arrested and charged a 22-year-old man from the local area with criminal damage and a Public Order Offence (Section 4). The man has since been convicted at court.
"People who think this type of behaviour is acceptable can expect the full attention of the police and we will not rest until the offenders are brought to justice."
Jellyfish are some of the oldest existing creatures on the planet, according to Jussi Nygren, who is gathering data for his Master's thesis at the Marine Biological Section of University of Copenhagen.
“After five mass extinctions they're still here, even though their structure is so frail. And it's this contrast between toughness and vulnerability that I find intriguing”.
He is studying the vision of common jellyfish (Aurelia aurita), or Vandmand in Danish, with its eight confirmed and eight presumptive eyes. But, why? ”Well, out of curiosity, at least”, Jussi says, but actually it goes way beyond that.
Cleverness from less brainpower
According to Anders Garm, associate professor at the Marine Biological Section, the fundamental goal of the research group is to find out how the brain actually works.
”The whole idea of using simple organisms is that they offer some unique possibilities, especially the jellyfish that has complex eyes combined with very little brain power”, he says.
The jellyfish has a brain system of only 1,000 neurons, whereas the human brain, in comparison, has about 100 billion neurons. Consequently, the visual processing in the human brain is very complex – the multi-purpose eyes of humans take in a huge amount of information and the brain uses in the order of 30 billion neurons to separate and process this information.
”When you have less brainpower, you'll have to find other, more clever solutions”, Anders says. In jellyfish, it's the special purpose eyes for picking up specific information that require much less brainpower for processing what the eyes have seen.
”The evolution has created possibilities for small brains. We discover these clever solutions which show that many of the things that happen in more advanced organisms can be also be found in the simpler ones”, Anders says.
Basically it means finding out the neuronal circuitries that evolved for taking care of certain types of basic information processing that are common for many if not all brains.
Vision from Helsinki to Copenhagen
Jussi says he feels blessed to have such an inspiring supervisor as Anders for his research. He is visiting the University of Copenhagen from University of Helsinki, where he studies Biology.
”I became interested in the sensory physiology of aquatic animals during a field course in Tvärminne Zoological Station in Finland where we, for instance, monitored the nocturnal behaviour of shrimps and found out about their vision. That inspired me to contact Anders”, Jussi says.
In his current research, Jussi will be finding out which colours of light the eyes of the common jellyfish receive or are sensitive to. At the moment, he is still in the process of familiarizing himself with the research techniques as well as ”jellyfishing” for informants.
Irish talk show host Graham Norton believes he will be “single forever” as gay men his age would only want to date younger guys.
“Gay men my age don't want to date someone their age.”
Norton said, “I'm 52 and I'm single and on some level, I feel like I've failed because by the time you're my age, you really should be settled.”
“But then I look at the relationships people around me have and I find myself asking, Really? That doesn't look like winning to me.”
Norton split with his 30-year-old boyfriend Trevor Patterson in 2013 and told the Daily Mail that his love life had “played second fiddle” to his television career.
“If it works out you end up with a nice life. But equally you miss out on a lot,” Norton said.
Norton said he's reached the point that when people ask him if he's single at the moment, he replies, “Come on, you can drop at the moment. I'm single forever.”
The Palestinian Authority has decided to cut ties with the Middle East Quartet, Arab media reported on Tuesday.
The London-based pan-Arab newspaper Al Hayat reported that Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas decided to stop working with the Quartet — the United States, European Union, Russia and the United Nations — following a series of disappointments in Ramallah in the group's work.
Abbas reportedly informed the central committees of both the Palestinian Liberation Organization and his party Fatah of the decision. The decision was confirmed to the paper by Fatah Central Committee member Mohammed Ashtiya.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The Quartet on Friday released a long-awaited report on the peace process, which, for the first time in a major international forum, cited Palestinian incitement against Israel as a major obstacle to ending the conflict.
The report accused Hamas and Fatah of encouraging terror attacks against Israelis. It also criticized Israel's settlement building, and its demolition of Palestinian homes and confiscation of land, saying those policies were “steadily eroding the viability of the two-state solution.”
PLO secretary general Saeb Erekat, who is also the lead Palestinian negotiator, expressed disappointment that the report criticized both sides rather than only Israel.
“It does not meet our expectations as a nation living under a foreign colonial military occupation,” he said, and criticized what he called the report's attempt “to equalize the responsibilities between a people under occupation and a foreign military occupier.”
On Monday, Erekat told journalists that Abbas would send a letter to the Quartet members to the effect that negotiations could not resume without a full cessation of settlement building — including in East Jerusalem — indicating that the reported decision to cut ties with the group wound not have been made until later that day.
In 2015, Abbas stopped meeting with former Quartet envoy Tony Blair, reportedly because he considered the former British prime minister biased toward Israel.
A senior Palestinian official told Al Hayat that the US has the “upper hand” in the Quartet, “the UN does not have any power, the European Union doesn't have a unified voice,” and though Russia is “a friend to the Palestinians,” Moscow often comes to understandings with Washington over the region.
Ashtiya, the Fatah Central Committee member, told the paper that though the PA would cease working with the Quartet, it would still work individually with each of its members. Ashtiya added that Ramallah is still working through the French peace initiative — a regional approach to bringing an end to the conflict — to end settlement-building and create a clear time frame for the establishment of a Palestinian state.
Israel has rejected the French initiative, saying only direct bilateral negotiations would be effective.
Israel also slammed the Quartet report. A statement from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office said the report only “perpetuates the myth that Israeli construction in the West Bank is an obstacle to peace. When Israel froze settlements (between 2009-10), it did not get peace.”
CZECH-BASED 125cc GP team and aspiring bike manufacture FGR has taken the covers off its first planned production bike; a V6-engined, 2500cc, 240bhp naked machine.
Six years in the making, the project has been funded largely by grants from the Czech ministry of industry, with work starting in 2004 on the development of the new engine.
Given its size, the bike's 270kg total weight is relatively light, thanks largely to a self-supporting carbon-fibre seat unit and a fuel tank of the same material, while the chassis is a straightforward trellis-stye design.
As usual with these ambitions projects, the scope of production isn't quite in the Honda league. FGR plans to spend all this year testing and developing the bike before selling six – yes, six – of the bikes during 2012.
Hurricane Irma is headed for Florida, and as always Disney is making the safety of its guests top priority; because of the hazardous weather quickly approaching, Disney has cancelled select Epcot Food and Wine Festival events.
Epcot International Food and Wine Festival's What's Cooking With… event on Sunday, September 10th with Alex Guarnaschelli is now cancelled.
Also Cancelled are the Mix It, Make It, Celebrate It! sessions for both Monday, September 11th and Tuesday, September 12th.
Stay Tuned to Chip & Co. for the latest updates on Walt Disney World cancellations and closures due to Hurricane Irma. A full list can be found here.
Click here for your FREE, no obligation quote!
Ready to start planning your 2018 Disney vacation? Fill out our form below to receive your FREE quote from one of our Authorized Disney Vacation Planners.
As an Authorized Disney Vacation Planner with MickeyTravels, LLC, I can save you money and time planning your MAGICAL vacation! My planning services are always 100% FREE! Contact me today for your FREE, no obligation quote,mickeytravelsshannon@gmail.com or follow me on Facebook for the latest Disney updates, deals, and travel tips!
Image: Disney
Many organizations try to solve problems by making rules. For example, they want to prevent accounts from being compromised due to weak passwords, so they institute a password policy. But any policy with specific rules gets in the way of legitimate choices and is vulnerable to being gamed by the lazy. This isn't because people are bad, it's because you didn't properly align incentives.
For example, a bank might require passwords with at least one capital letter and a number. However, things like “Password1” are barely more secure than “password”. (You get them on the second phase of running Crack, not the first phase. Big deal.) A user who chose that password was just trying to get around the rule, not choose something secure. Meanwhile, a much more secure password like “jnizwbier uvnqera” would fail the rule.
The solution is not more rules. It is twofold: give users a “why” and a “how”. You put the “why” up in great big red letters and then refer to the “how”. If users ignore this step, your “why” is not compelling enough. Come up with a bigger carrot or stick.
The “why” is a benefit or penalty. You could give accountholders a free coffee if their account goes 1 year without being compromised or requiring a password reset. Or, you can make them responsible for any money spent on their account if an investigation shows it was compromised via a password.
The “how” in this case is a short tutorial on how to choose a good passphrase, access to a good random password generator program, and enough characters (256?) to prevent arbitrary limits on choices.
That's it. Once you align incentives and provide the means to succeed, rules are irrelevant. This goes for any system, not just passwords.
News in Science
Burning planet leaves dust in its wake
Dust to dust Astronomers have for the first time, found a rocky planet that's slowly being vapourised by the blistering heat of the star it's orbiting.
Their report in the Astrophysical Journal and available through the prepress website Arxiv.org, shows the unusual discovery was made after researchers detected strange luminosity readings from a star 1500 light years away.
The scientists, led by Dr Jon Jenkins from the SETI Institute, were using NASA's planet hunting Kepler space telescope when the unusual light curve readings were discovered.
Jenkins says working out what they were seeing involved an extensive process of elimination.
"We first had to rule out a range of possible scenarios like binary planets in complicated orbits blocking out some of the star's light," he says.
"Only after eliminating all other possibilities were we able to conclude that the unusual light readings are most likely caused by a long comet-like debris trail behind a disintegrating planet not much bigger than Mercury."
"Then things started clicking into place and all the lights went green."
The planet is circling extremely closely to an orange dwarf star called KIC-12557548, taking just 15 hours to complete each orbit.
The star has a surface temperature of about 4200°C.
The planet's surface is estimated to be as high as 1800°C, hot enough to melt and evaporate rocks leaving a trail of submicron-sized dust grains, most likely pyroxene or aluminium oxide.
"We worked out the planet's size (about a tenth the mass of Earth) by determining how big it had to be to still remain in one piece, and yet be small enough to leave such a huge dust and debris trail," says Jenkins.
"That's why this is still somewhat of a hypothesis."
"The team are now actively seeking to make complementary observations with other telescopes and facilities to see whether we can nail this down for certain."
Exogeology in action
Astronomers already know of gas giants, often called hot Jupiters, which are slowly evaporating as they orbit too close to their host stars, but this is the first time it has been detected occurring to a rocky planet.
"The physics are different here, so this would be the first example of exogeology," says Jenkins.
"We may well be seeing the end of evolution of a planetary system in progress, and that would be very exciting".
Jenkins says that while there may be other rocky planets undergoing a similar process, they are quiet fortunate to be able to see this one.
"We have a number of examples of super Earths in short period orbits," he says.
"Kepler 10b and Corot 7b are both in 20 hour orbits around their host stars, snd we know both those stars are much hotter than KIC-12557548."
"So we may just be lucky to be seeing this happening around a star cool enough to allow dust grains to form."
"If this star was hotter, the dust grains would evaporate too quickly for a smoke trail to form."
The Canadian Air Force has completed its first strike against Islamic State militants in Iraq. Poor weather had previously hampered combat missions as currently Canadian fighter jets aren't armed with all-weather laser-guided bombs.
“Coordinated with our coalition partners, two CF-18s (Hornet fighter jets) attacked ISIL targets with GBU-12 laser-guided bombs in the vicinity of Fallujah, Iraq,” said a statement issued by Canadian Defense Minister Rob Nicholson.
“The approximately four-hour mission included air-to-air refueling from Canada's Polaris aircraft. All aircraft returned safely to their base,” the statement said.
The outcome of the airstrike, which was the Canadian Air Force's first combat action since the war in Libya three years ago, is still being assessed.
“We are all proud about the first strike,” an officer in Ottawa familiar with the operation told Canada.com.
Because laser-guided bombs can only be used in good weather, Canadian pilots had been unable to perform missions in Iraq for a couple of days, when the weather was cloudy. Now the task force expects GPS-guided bombs to arrive from Canada. This will enable operation against the Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) in all-weather mode, using a mix of laser and GPS-guided bombs.
“We have established an air bridge between Canada and Kuwait and expect them to arrive and be used in the coming days,” said Lt.-Col. David Devenney, Director of Public Affairs for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF).
Last week, Canada's Department of National Defense purchased 400 bomb-guidance kits from the US, which make ‘smart' bombs operate flawlessly in poor weather conditions.
In the meantime, Canadian pilots are getting used to the Iraqi terrain and cooperating with aircraft and land control structures from the 11 countries that form the anti-IS coalition.
In early October, Canadian lawmakers voted in support of joining the US-led international coalition against the Islamic State.
Following the decision, Canada dispatched six Hornet CF-18 fighter jets, two CP-140 Aurora maritime patrol aircraft, an Airbus CC-150 Polaris air-to-air refueling tanker and 600 troops to combat IS militants. The contingent stationed at an air base in Kuwait joined Task Force Iraq on October 30.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper stressed the nation's troops won't take part in any ground operation against the Islamic State.
CP-140M Aurora spy planes, upgraded with mostly Canadian-built electro-optical and infrared sensors, are being actively deployed in Iraq's skies, though the main purpose of these aircraft is anti-submarine warfare.
“We are extremely pleased with how it is going, especially the Aurora,” Lt.-Col. Dave Devenney, spokesman for Joint Task Force Iraq, said by phone from a base in Kuwait. “They've been giving a good, clear image that allows us to assess the effects that coalition aircraft have been having on the ground,” he said.
The Islamic State has already promised to target Canadians, Australians and others nations that have joined the anti-IS coalition. The extremists say they won't make any exemptions for diplomats and members of their families, either.
With this in mind, Lt.-Col. Dave Devenney said that Canadian servicemen are staying within the guarded perimeter of the airbase in Kuwait and are unlikely to leave the compound.
“Regardless of what the threat may or may not be, we have had no need to be outside the base. We are still building our camp and have been focused on getting operations underway. There is still so much to do,” Devenney said.
MADISON, Wis. — One Wisconsin Now is demanding Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI) immediately apologize for equating the sexual assault of a 14-year-old with “dating.” When asked earlier today by Washington D.C. reporters about the historic Democratic win in the U.S. Senate race in Alabama, Johnson said, “Alabamians didn't want somebody who dated 14-year-old girls.”
“Memo to Ron Johnson: an adult male in his 30s targeting a 14-year-old child isn't ‘dating,' it's attempted sexual assault,” said Joanna Beilman-Dulin, One Wisconsin Now Research Director. “There is no excuse for Ron Johnson's disgraceful and glib comment and he owes both women and the parents of Wisconsin's children an immediate apology and assurance that he will finally take seriously the crisis of pedophiles preying upon our children.”
This is not the first example of Ron Johnson's cavalier attitude towards those who harm children. For instance, in early 2010, then-businessman Johnson went to the Wisconsin State Capitol and testified against the “Child Victims Act,” a bill that would make it easier for victims of pedophiles to hold their abusers accountable.
The following are other instances of Ron Johnson's failure to take sexual abuse of women and children seriously:
Ron Johnson Previously Said ‘If It's True' in the Immediate Aftermath of the Moore Pedophilia News
Johnson's statements offered a qualified, “if it's true” condemnation. His refrain is similar to those of numerous other male Republican colleagues responding to the stories from multiple women about the abhorrent behavior of Moore.
Ron Johnson Did Not Inform Law Enforcement After Being Told by Staff Member of Her Assault
“U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson, his chief of staff and a Waukesha County GOP official were all told three years ago of allegations that a then-aide to the senator had been sexually assaulted by state Rep. Bill Kramer, but none of them took the matter to the police or Assembly leaders.”
Johnson Questioned If Sexual Harassment Incident Occurred in US Senate
“Republican Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson is not buying fellow Senator Kirsten Gillibrand's recent claim that she was subject to sexual harassment and fat-shaming within the hallowed halls of the Senate. He's not buying it at all. On the NewsmaxTV show The Steve Malzberg Show, Johnson addressed Gillibrand's remarks, saying that if she actually had been harassed, she should be able to name names. He simply cannot just take her word for it.”
Johnson Voted Against the Violence Against Women Act
“In a statement Wednesday, GOP Sen. Ron Johnson said he voted against re-authorizing the Violence Against Women Act because it contained “serious flaws,” including an “unconstitutional expansion of tribal authority. Johnson was one of 22 senators – all Republicans – who voted Tuesday against re-authorization of the law, which offers protections and aid to victims of domestic violence.”
Microsoft had a big surprise for VR fans today, revealing a new range of VR headsets alongside its latest Windows 10 update. Not only are these devices cheaper than the Oculus Rift and Vive, but Microsoft says they're better too.
That is according to Terry Myerson, Microsoft Executive Vice President of the Windows and Devices Group. “These headsets will be the first and only to ship with inside-out, six degrees of freedom sensors,” he said. “Unlike every other virtual reality headset in the market today this means there'll be zero need for a separate room, zero need for a complicated setup. And while those other less immersive accessories today cost over $500, most of the time requiring a new, expensive device, we're announcing today that these Creators Update accessories will start at just $299.”
It's a surprising move on Microsoft's part, especially considering the close relationship it has with both Vive and Rift. Both headsets support Xbox One game streaming on Windows 10 PCs, for starters, but the company's relationship with Oculus runs even deeper. Every Rift sold features an Xbox One gamepad bundled inside complete with the wireless adapter needed to use it with PCs.
Not only that, but there are rumors that Microsoft's upcoming upgraded Xbox One, codenamed Project Scorpio, could support one if not both of these headsets. Back at Gamescom 2016 Oculus VP of Product Nate Mitchell dodged our questions as to if Rift could work with the console. Microsoft, meanwhile, didn't confirm if these new headsets would also run on it.
It's also important to remember that we don't know any of the specs for any of these headsets yet. While they may feature impressive tracking systems, we don't know if they'll match Rift and Vive in terms of display quality and ergonomics. Indeed, its price is matched with Sony's PlayStation VR right now, which is seen as a cheaper with slightly inferior technical specifications compared to Rift and Vive.
Plus, on the contrary to Myerson's comments, Oculus does have an inside-out tracking headset and, unlike these devices, it's standalone. Sadly, it only exists as a prototype right now, but perhaps today's news might prompt the company to move a bit faster.
Tagged with: htc, microsoft, oculus
World Cup Update: Qatar 2022 Was a Mistake
Thursday, June 12th, 2014
As the Brazil 2014 World Cup fast approaches, the spotlight has been put back on to future World Cup hosts, Qatar, due to hold the event in 2022. Our previous report highlighted some of the key concerns raised by Qatar 2022, but a new investigation by the Guardian has shed some more light on the matter.
Call For Reform Within FIFA
FIFA president, Sepp Blatter, has been presented with a report by FIFA's independent governance committee (set up in 2011) in response to the recent World Cup scandal in the news. The report details recommendations for reform within the organisation in order to regain trust and credibility.
Corruption and scandal was extensively documented back in 2010, when the FIFA committee gathered to decide the host countries for the 2018 and 2022 World Cup. Numerous board members have been accused of accepting bribes, or swaying their voting. Irrefutable evidence arose that committee members were ‘selling' their votes to the highest bidder, meaning Qatar may have bought their 2022 World Cup appointment.
Blatter has denied these allegations – however, he has admitted that there was a definite political pressure for European committee members to vote for Qatar. He has even gone so far as to acknowledge that Qatar “was a mistake, but one makes lots of mistakes in life”. But it was unclear whether he was referring to Qatar being awarded the World Cup bid. A FIFA PR officer was quick to clarify that Blatter's response was in relation to hosting the Qatar World Cup during the summer months, due to Qatar's extreme temperatures.
The Committee, overseen by Mark Pieth stated that “if FIFA is to emerge from the scandals of recent years, it must now produce a convincing and transparent answer to any issues relating to hosting decisions, either to confirm that the suspicions are, sadly, well founded or demonstrate that they are groundless”.
International Football Turning into a Blood Sport
After an investigation by the Guardian newspaper, Qatar is under fire about their labour laws, being accused of subjecting migrant workers to ‘slave-labour' conditions. The labourers working in extreme conditions in the Middle-Eastern country are primarily migrant workers from Nepal and other Asian countries. The report revealed that 44 Nepalese workers died between June and August in 2013, with construction related accidents being one of the major causes.
Qatar has been accused of brutal working conditions, where workers are stripped of their passports on arrival, worked for long hours in extreme heat and forced to live in poverty. Some workers have claimed that their salary has been withheld by employers to prevent them leaving the country.
Qatar imposes ‘Kafala' law for migrant workers, meaning they are tied to a single employer who controls their immigration status. This makes it nearly impossible for workers to flee, as they are bound to the will of their employers. There has been pressure from governments and international human rights organisations for major change in the Middle-East where this practice is not uncommon. The International Trade Union Confederation has predicted that if laws do not change to improve working conditions, thousands of migrant workers could die during the construction works in preparation for the 2022 World Cup.
The Qatari government have responded to pressure by agreeing to review their Kafala labour laws. Existing rules “will be replaced by a contractual relationship between employer and employee. We hope that the exit visa will be abolished completely”. However, groups like Amnesty International claim that this is just talk, and that immediate and significant action is required to make a change. A spokesperson for Amnesty International stated that they suspect the abolition of Kafala law will only be a “change of name rather than a reform to the system”.
FIFA have also been feeling the heat for allowing the World Cup to take place in a country where labour laws like the Kafala system still exist, among other human-rights issues faced in the conservative country. However, FIFA have refused to entertain the idea of awarding the World Cup to another country, instead seeming more concerned about whether or not it will be too hot to host the tournament during the extreme Qatari summer.
Brazil 2014
It's not all bad news for FIFA as World Cup fans continue the countdown to Brazil 2014, kicking off on the 12th June. Excitement is at an all-time high as England manager Roy Hodgson has named his final squad for the World Cup, and preparations begin for England's first match against Italy, in the group stages.
Win A World Cup Football!
We're giving one lucky reader the chance to win a Brazil 2014 World Cup football every week. For your chance to win, head over to our Facebook or Twitter page to enter – what are you waiting for?
Roosevelt Institute Senior Fellow Robert Johnson will join Roosevelt Institute Senior Fellow and Chief Economist Joseph Stiglitz, Roosevelt Institute Senior Fellow Thomas Ferguson, former Lieutenant Governor of New York Richard Ravitch, and others today in New York City to explore the underbelly of the public pensions crisis. The following is adapted from Johnson's forthcoming paper on this topic.
Since the beginning of the Great Recession, policymakers and reporters have spoken of a growing crisis in public pensions. Many state and local governments are struggling to meet their obligations to retirees, and the easiest explanation is that government workers are overpaid and their pensions are unaffordable. But the evidence suggests that the pensions crisis is both less pervasive and more complex than that. Beyond the economic crisis, which put enormous pressure on state and municipal budgets, a range of factors including poor decision-making and the influence of big money interests has led to the underfunding of some state and city public pensions. With a clearer understanding of the problem, we can begin to take steps to solve it and keep our promises to public workers.
Contrary to public perception, pension underfunding is not a widespread issue. There is wide variation in pension performance across states, and underfunding is concentrated in particular states (for example, Illinois and Kentucky) and cities (Chicago and Providence). Where underfunding does occur, it seems to stem largely from the internal problems of those governments, which existed well before the recent economic crisis put additional pressure on their budgets.
There is also little basis for the conclusion that state and local employees are significantly overcompensated. On the contrary, pay is comparable at lower skill levels, and private-sector employees are significantly better paid at higher skill levels. According to Alicia Munnell, Director of the Center for Retirement Research, “Pension and retiree health benefits for state and local workers roughly offset the wage penalty, so that total compensation in the two sectors is roughly comparable.” There are surely examples of extreme individual pension obligations that warrant scrutiny, but they do not appear to contribute significantly to the total level of underfunding reported by analysts.
The evidence suggests that pension underfunding is at times associated with choosing an unreasonably high discount rate. The discount rate is the expected rate of return on invested pension funds. A lower discount rate means governments must provision more now in order to meet future liabilities. Politicians tend to prefer a higher discount rate, which reflects a better “expected” yield on assets in the pension fund, since it allows them to justify provisioning less for pensions now. Unfortunately, a higher yield also means more investment risk. If the pension fund loses money, the pension liability does not go away; instead, taxpayers are forced to make up the difference or the government defaults on its obligations. This approach may help to mask the true cost of providing public services, but it is the public financial equivalent of the Hail Mary pass in football: you score a touchdown or you lose.
This may explain why governments are increasingly attracted to investment alternatives that have a record of substantial returns and are not closely correlated with the stock indices. Alternative asset investments (primarily hedge funds, venture capital funds, and private equity) averaged just below a combined 5 percent share of U.S. public pension funds' portfolios between 1984 and 1994, but they averaged nearly a 20 percent share from 2008 to 2011. These more volatile assets may provide substantial benefit, but in times of stress, it is unclear if “reaching for yield” is a prudent strategy or simply reflects desperation. It also raises ethical concerns due to a lack of transparency and the potential for “pay to play” schemes, in which placement agents offer financial incentives, such as campaign contributions, to the people responsible for making decisions about pension fund allocations. This appears to be a system prone to abuse, and significant reforms must be enacted to realign the incentives of pension officials with the incentives of taxpayers and pensioners. This could include immunizing some pension investment boards with financial compensation, requiring disclosure of all outside income, and prohibiting individuals and firms that manage assets for a particular government from making campaign contributions to local representatives.
Even when there is no direct corruption, big money can have a powerful influence over pension funding decisions. It becomes very difficult for the political process to defend the common interest when ambitious politicians are under pressure from concentrated interests. Policymakers may be reluctant to adequately provision for pensions if doing so requires them to raise tax rates on high-income individuals, cut corporate subsidies, or otherwise drive away capital. Just look at the case of Detroit, where restructuring pension obligations is on the table at the same time the state is approving money to build a new hockey arena. This is not antiseptic technocracy at work; this is politics.
Relief could come from reforms in the political systems to lessen big money's influence and empower small donors. To accomplish this, states could establish systems of public campaign financing. Maine, Arizona, and Connecticut already have such systems, as does New York City, and New York State is on the cusp. Though the mechanics differ, all of these systems would change incentives to make candidates responsive to average people, not just big donors. As a result, policy is more likely to be oriented to the public interest.
The pensions crisis has far-reaching implications for the future of the U.S. economy: the state and local government sector is about 14 percent of the American workforce. Failure to uphold the promises we've made to current workers and retirees would create a brain drain in the public sector, drive down private-sector wages, exacerbate inequality, and lead to more economic volatility. The good news appears to be that there are a large number of pension plans that are solvent thanks to prudent management. The real problem rests with the governments of a few states that have historically failed to provision adequately for their pension obligations and are increasingly turning to riskier investment assets. These problems can be solved, but it will require substantial reform and swift and collective action.
Robert Johnson is a Senior Fellow at the Roosevelt Institute.
Synth Secrets is a series of programming tutorials in which we show how to make a range of classic and new synth sounds using plugins such as Massive, Sylenth and Diva.
In this instalment of Synth Secrets we'll be creating these techno chords using NI's Form, a “transformative sample-tracking synthesiser”.
We've used a simple A minor chord pattern to trigger the sound, with the notes set to Logic's 1/16 Swing C setting:
Step 1
We've used an open hi-hat sample loaded into Form for this walkthrough to demonstrate how we can create harmonically rich sounds from pretty much any given source material.
We open Reaktor 6 and load up the ‘Form.ens' ensemble. We then head to the preset browser and from the Factory bank load ‘INIT – Form', initialising the synth.
Form is part synthesiser, part sampler. We need to load an audio sample that will act as an oscillator. We load ‘OH_909_SP1200_08' from Samples From Mars' SP 1200 From Mars – Custom Drums sample pack. We can now truncate the sample, removing some of the silence at the end.
Step 2
The latest update of Form includes a number of new curve presets. These dictate the motion of the sample playback. Combined with the speed control, we can create all kinds of timbres and textures from a simple audio source.
We navigate to the effects pane and select a motion curve as shown. You can draw in and sculpt your own motion curves by accessing the curve editor if you want to go a bit deeper with the sound design, but this curve will do nicely for our needs.
Next we look at the Speed section in the bottom left of the window. This controls how quickly playback will scrub through the sample. Simply changing this to Hz with the speed set to x1.00 cycles per second slows the scrub speed and creates something more useable.
Step 3
The sound is still a bit thin and glassy, so we use the additive oscillator to warms things up. We keep the Octave control at 0, and bring the Waveform control to around two thirds of the way round to shape the overtones, then take the Volume control up to about 0.91. This adds a sine wave to our sound, and fattens things up.
Next we turn up the FM control, found in the Osc FX section. This controls how much frequency modulation is added by the additive oscillator. Taking this up to around 100 Hz works nicely.
Step 4
Now to access Form's powerful modulation section to control some of the frequency content of our sound. We'd like to shave some of the high frequencies of our sound and then use an envelope to modulate the filter cutoff.
First we take the cutoff frequency down to 75 Hz and push up the resonance to 0.24. By clicking on the Cutoff text we can access the modulation applied to this control. We select the first of the three modulation slots that appear and choose ENV 2 as our modulation source. We click and drag upwards above the modulation slot to apply the modulation amount.
In the ENV 2 settings, we select a fast attack, medium decay, no sustain and a small release. We also back the attack off slightly on ENV 1 to shave off some of the transient.
We then head over to the Form Osc section and drop the Formant control down to 0.41, giving us a deeper tone.
Step 5
Some effects will really bring this sound to life, and give it the space and movement necessary. We begin by turning on Frequency Shaping. We take the Dry/Wet Band Filter control down slightly, push up the Band 1 and Band 2 levels and set the Centre and Width controls for both bands around half way.
Moving the Centre controls around adds some really nice frequency sweeps to the sound. We could automate this, but to have the sound moving constantly it may be better to add some LFOs here. We set LFO 1 to modulate both Centre controls, but apply the modulation in opposite directions – negative for Band 1 and positive for Band 2.
On the LFO itself, we take the speed right down to 0.12 Hz and activate free running mode, so the LFO constantly cycles through slowly, rather than retriggering when we play notes. This provides nice movement and modulation.
Back in the Frequency Shaping section, we push the Phase control up to 0.74 and turn on the Warmth effect, adding some Tube Drive and Charge to saturate the sound.
Step 6
Next we turn on the Dynamics section, setting a medium to fast attack and release and setting the ratio to just before halfway. This helps control some of the dynamics, now heightened due to the frequency modulation taking place. We also add some reverb and delay to give the sound space and depth, which helps it sit in the mix much better.
Related
